CNN  -- In business , it might pay to keep the customer happy , but how far should you go just to keep the peace ? Thanks to new technology , a bad review now cuts both ways and the peer review is increasingly a feature of everything from holidays and restaurants to cab rides and flat shares . For Bereket Hagos , who drives an Uber car in central London , the two-way street of peer reviews has democratized a process that was normally arbitrated by employers . "  You just deal directly with the customer and that means there 's real respect , " he told CNN . Uber runs a five-star rating system for both drivers and customers , which Hagos says has a tendency to keep the reviews honest . "  My rating is 4.66 out of 5 , which is good -- for me that 's absolutely beautiful ! " he says . "  You ca n't expect 5 all the time because , of course , you meet a lot of people . " Reviews , too , have a subjective basis and Hagos says a driver or a passenger 's reputation can be damaged unfairly . A difficult customer , he says , is n't necessarily difficult all the time . "  I personally will pick up passengers with a low rating because I simply do n't like to ignore people , " he said . "  When I 've picked them up , I 've found them to be perfectly nice . " Online customer reviews are now big business and , according to Margaret Ady of TrustYou , a company that tracks and aggregates reviews in the hospitality industry , online opinion is now the No. 1 factor in influencing consumer choices . "  It has a huge impact . It 's become the most trustworthy source of information for most travelers and peer reviews are really driving bookings , " Ady told CNN . "  We 've found that 65 per cent of travelers wo n't even book a hotel if it has n't had a review written about it . " Peer reviews have now changed the marketing landscape for hotels , restaurants and holiday destinations . "  In many cases , they 're beginning to make the old star rating for hotels obsolete , " she said . "  There are still different expectations for different price categories but it 's easier to look at reviews and see what people are saying and to make your booking decision based on that . "  It gives it more texture and for many people it 's just more trustworthy . " TrustYou works by collating thousands of reviews from more than 250 websites around the world , aggregates them and then runs them through a semantic algorithm to get an overview of the hotel , restaurant or destination . Any outlying opinions -- either wildly positive or extremely negative -- are ironed out in the aggregate results produced by the company . "  What we 're getting is exactly what the crowd is saying about a place , " Ady said . Responding to negative feedback is always a delicate operation for vendors and service providers and TrustYou says the professional reputation of a client often hinges on how it responds to a flame from a customer . "  We give them guidelines , saying acknowledge if there was a problem , explain the steps you are taking to fix it and invite the guest back and explain that their stay next time will be much more comfortable , " Ady said . "  We encourage clients to get in touch with the complainant directly to see if anything needs to be discussed . "  That tends to work pretty well . Although I have seen in the news some hotels that have not done a good job of this , luckily none of them were clients . " Online reviews are also becoming a powerful marketing tool for companies , with a spread of opinions not only showing up the strengths and weaknesses of a given service provider but also those of its rivals . TrustYou provides its clients with a monitoring tool that allows it to see what is being said about its business across all platforms and a dashboard that enables it to respond to every review being written . "  Then they can see our semantic analysis , so they can see areas where they are doing well and should be marketing along with areas that are n't doing so well and they need to improve , " Ady said . "  They can also see their competitors too to see how they stack up or even get comparisons between hotels within their own chain . " While hotels and restaurants have been paying attention to online reviews for the past five or more years , Ady says it 's only relatively recently that companies are starting to see them as a valuable marketing tool . Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : FireChat in Hong Kong : How an app tapped its way into the protests The "  green man " in your traffic lights just got new super powers Finally , a flying car for everybody ?	From holidays and restaurants to cab rides and flat shares , business is increasingly driven by peer reviews For employees , peer reviews put appraisals into the hands of customers rather than bosses TrustYou aggregates peer reviews for more than 250 hospitality industry websites It says that peer reviews are now the No. 1 factor in influencing consumer choices
Republican Sen. John McCain broke with members of his party Tuesday , lauding the release of the Senate Intelligence Committee 's report on torture and decrying the use of torture as having "  stained our national honor " and doing "  much harm and little practical good . " McCain , a survivor of torture himself from his naval service during the Vietnam War , said from the Senate floor that the techniques outlined in the report "  not only failed their purpose -- to secure actionable intelligence to prevent further attacks on the U.S. and our allies -- but actually damaged our security interests , as well as our reputation as a force for good in the world . " Many Republicans have argued against releasing the report , especially as the threat of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria grows , and U.S. intelligence officials have warned that its release could cause backlash from nations and groups hostile towards the nation . American embassies in the Middle East have been put on heightened security alert for its release . McCain said that while "  the truth is a hard pill to swallow ... the American people are entitled to it . " And he acknowledged that violence against the U.S. from the "  Muslim world " is "  possible ... perhaps likely " but argued that America 's enemies "  hardly need an excuse " to attack the nation , so the good done by the release of the report should trump any security concerns . "  This report strengthens self-government and , ultimately , I believe , America 's security and stature in the world , " he said . During his comments , McCain referenced his own experience with torture and argued that it "  produces more misleading information than actionable intelligence " and that "  we can and we will " win the war on terrorism without such techniques . But he argued that the U.S. should n't resort to such tactics not just because they 're ineffective and potentially dangerous but because they undermine the nation 's values and beliefs . "  I have often said , and will always maintain , that this question is n't about our enemies ; it 's about us . It 's about who we were , who we are and who we aspire to be . It 's about how we represent ourselves to the world , " he said . McCain added , "  When we fight to defend our securit , y we fight also for an idea ... that all men are endowed by the Creator with inalienable rights . " "  Our enemies act without conscience . We must not , " he added .	John McCain spoke shortly after the Senate released its report on torture The Arizona Republican was tortured during his service in Vietnam He acknowledged the release of the report was a "  hard pill to swallow "
Washington  CNN  -- A man tried to jump the White House fence on Friday , causing a brief lockdown while he was apprehended , law enforcement officials said . Police declared the incident over after checking a briefcase and taking the man into custody . He was not identified . President Barack Obama was not at the White House at the time . He was in Michigan for a speech and the signing of the farm bill .	NEW : A man is in custody ; all clear issue after briefcase checked The incident caused a brief lockdown at the White House President Obama was away for the day
CNN  -- Radovan Karadzic , whose Interpol charges listed "  flamboyant behavior " as a distinguishing characteristic , was a practicing psychiatrist who came to be nicknamed the "  Butcher of Bosnia . " Twice indicted in 1995 by the U.N. International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , Karadzic faces charges of genocide , complicity in genocide , extermination , murder , willful killing , persecutions , deportation , inhumane acts , terror against civilians and hostage-taking . While president of the so-called Serbian Republic of Bosnia-Herzegovina , Karadzic 's troops were reported to have massacred over hundreds of thousands of Muslims and Croats during a campaign of "  ethnic cleansing . " Early estimates of the death toll from the 3-year war ranged up to 300,000 , but recent research reduced that to about 100,000 . The U.S. State Department had a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his capture . His arrest brings an end to more than 10 years as a fugitive . Watch CNN 's Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour report on Karadzic 's rise and fall " Karadzic was born on June 19 , 1945 , in Petnjica , Montenegro . He studied psychiatry and medicine at the University of Sarajevo during the 1960s and took courses in psychiatry and poetry at Columbia University from 1974 to 1975 . Karadzic , a Serb-Croat , in 1990 helped found the Serbian Democratic Party  SDS  , a party aimed at unifying Serbs into a common state , and became its president . Two years later , he became president of the newly declared Serbian Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina , later called "  Republika Srpska . " During the next three years , he ordered Bosnian Serb forces to seize the majority of Bosnia and Herzegovina . He also announced , according to his U.N. indictment , six "  strategic objectives " for the Serbian people . They included the establishment of state borders between the Serbs and the other two ethnic communities , Bosnian Muslims and Bosnian Croats . Answering to him , according to the indictment , was Bosnian Serb military commander Ratko Mladic . From May 1992 , the indictment alleged , Bosnian Serb forces under Mladic 's command targeted civilian areas of Sarajevo with shelling and sniping during a three-year conflict within the city . In July 1995 , according to the U.N. indictment , troops under Mladic 's command executed an estimated 7,000 Bosnian Muslim male prisoners in Srebrenica , a U.N. safe area , and then participated in a comprehensive effort to conceal the killings . The massacre is considered the worst in Europe since World War II . The indictment states that Bosnian Serb forces acted under Karadzic 's direction and worked to "  significantly reduce the Bosnian Muslim , Bosnian Croat and other non-Serb populations " in municipalities that were seized . Karadzic was last seen in public in September 1996 , a year after the Dayton Peace Accords brought a formal end to the conflict and banned anyone accused of war crimes , including him , from office . He reportedly shaved his trademark bushy hair , grew a beard and donned priest 's robes , moving from monastery to monastery in the mountains to avoid capture . CNN Correspondent Alessio Vinci said : "  He enjoyed protection from the local population , wherever he was hiding . Legend has it he disguised himself as a priest to take part in his mother 's funeral . "  In 2002 , after NATO launched one of its many failed raids to try to arrest Karadzic in Bosnia , I interviewed his mother . At that time she said : ` Serbs are righteous people and I can see that they support him , and that they adore him the way he is . They would lose their lives to protect him . ' " Despite years on the run , Karadzic wrote "  Miraculous Chronicles of the Night " -- 1,200 copies of which sold out at the 2004 Belgrade International Book Fair . After his arrest was announced , Serb officials revealed the final chapter of his life on the run had seen Karadic reprise his medical role , working in a clinic in Belgrade under a false identity and heavily disguised by a white beard , long hair and spectacles . "  He moved freely throughout the city , and the fact that he even held a job at a medical practice and nobody knew about this contributes to the fact that his false identity was very elaborate , " said Serbian war crimes prosecutor Vladimir Vukcevic .	Karadzic was a psychiatrist who came to be nicknamed the "  Butcher of Bosnia " He was the Bosnian Serb political leader during the 1992-1995 war Troops under his leadership are reported to have massacred 100,000 people He was indicted by the U.N. tribunal for war crimes and genocide
January 24 , 2014 Our last show of the week covers violent protests in the Ukrainian capital , a conference of mayors in the U.S. capital , and cyber crime that could affect some shoppers ' capital . We also look into what the NFL plans to do regarding the Super Bowl if a Farmer 's Almanac forecast is accurate . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : If you were following your local mayor to the National Conference of Mayors , how would you cover the story ? Whom might you interview and what topics might you cover ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What U.S. government agency 's controversial surveillance program was recently addressed by President Obama ? 2 . What important event in the Civil Rights Movement included Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I Have a Dream " speech ? 3 . What is the name of the spacecraft that European Space Agency scientists "  woke up " this week ? 4 . Who is the leader of the country where the upcoming Winter Olympic Games will be held ? 5 . What building , at a height of 1,776 feet , is the tallest in the U.S. ? 6 . In what city , known for its neutrality , did diplomats gather this week to discuss Syria 's civil war ? 7 . What elected position usually serves as the chief executive of a city ? 8 . What Caribbean island nation 's bobsledding team was once the subject of a Disney movie ? 9 . In what state will this year 's Super Bowl be held ? 10 . What does 13-year-old McClain Hermes collect and distribute to people in need ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama announced Wednesday he would resign after eight months in power . "  I 'm going to step down , " Hatoyama declared in a live broadcast on Japanese television NHK , while addressing party members of both the upper and lower houses of the Diet , Japan 's parliament . "  I have had many shortcomings , I have been allowed to lead all of you for the past eight months to today . I am extremely grateful for having been given this opportunity , " he said . Japanese Finance Minister Naoto Kan said he would run for the party leader election . With overwhelming majority at the lower house of the Diet , the ruling party 's leader will certainly become the next prime minister . Eight months ago , Hatoyama 's Democratic Party of Japan won a sweeping victory , an outcome hailed by many as a revolution in Japanese politics . With promises of a cleaner government , Hatoyama worked to shift the political dynamics in Japan by taking away power from the bureaucrats and granting more power to politicians and local governments . In his first speech as Japan 's 92nd prime minister , Hatoyama made promises that he would conduct a clean and transparent government , launching a task force to monitor government spending . But soon afterwards , allegations of illegal campaign financing tarnished his administration 's image . Some of his cabinet members were investigated for corruption . His approval rating took further hits over his failed promise to move a major U.S. Marine base off Okinawa to ease the burden of the island , which hosts the majority of the United States military presence in Japan . Earlier this month , calling his decision "  heartbreaking , " he announced that the base would remain on Okinawa , although relocated to a different part of the island . Hatoyama 's critics claimed he gave in to U.S. pressure , and his government coalition broke up . Hatoyama said that while he did lose public trust , he hopes future generations will remember his legacy . "  Ladies and gentlemen , I have often been dubbed as an alien and how I understand this is that I see not current Japan but always try to see future Japan , " he said . "  Local government , local communities should be the main actors , " said Hatoyama . "  In five or ten years people of Japan will understand what I am talking about . " Parliamentary elections are scheduled to take place in July . The DPJ will now elect a new leader of the party -- most likely on Friday -- who will be in line to be the next prime minister of Japan . Some time early next week , Hatoyama will dissolve his cabinet in the morning and the new party leader will stand for election as new prime minister by both upper and lower houses of parliament . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	NEW : Finance Minister says he will run for open seat Hatoyama told Japan 's parliament he would step down Democratic Party expected to name a new leader on Friday to be Japan 's new prime minister Handling of U.S. Marine base in Okinawa rocked his administration
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Authorities in southwestern Afghanistan have seized 19 tons of explosive devices that had been transferred across the border from Iran , police said . Nimruz Police Chief Abdul Jabar Purdel said a suspect was detained . Nimruz province , in Afghanistan 's southwestern corner , borders Iran and Pakistan The devices had been placed in 337 boxes inside a 40-foot shipping container transferred from Iran over a bridge linking Afghanistan and Iran , he said . Earlier this year , a senior U.S. Defense Department official said that new U.S. military intelligence suggests Iran planned to smuggle new shipments of weapons into Afghanistan as part of an increased effort to interfere with coalition operations . The information came from an "  Iranian source " whose tips on past shipments have been verified by the United States , the official said in April . The official also noted that Iran -- a majority Shiite country -- and the Sunni Taliban almost went to war with one another in the late 1990s , so it 's not really in their interest to be a major source of top-shelf arms to the Taliban . Tehran has consistently denied supporting groups opposed to the Afghan government . U.S. and coalition troops have found evidence of some Iranian weapons inside Afghanistan in seized caches or in the aftermath of attacks .	Material is found in Nimruz province The devices were in a shipping container
The West African country of Senegal has closed its borders with Guinea over fears that the Ebola outbreak could spread , according to the Senegalese Interior Ministry . The closure includes any aircraft and ships traveling to Senegal from Guinea , Sierra Leone or Liberia . Senegal is located to the northwest of Guinea , which as of August 20 had 579 suspected Ebola cases , according to the World Health Organization . Sierra Leone and Liberia border Guinea to the southwest . Those three nations have been the epicenter of the Ebola outbreak . So far , 2,473 suspected cases have been reported to WHO from those three countries and Nigeria . Nigeria now has a total of four Ebola patients under treatment at an isolation ward , bringing the total number of reported cases in the country to 14 , officials said . More than half of the patients in the outbreak have died . It 's the largest Ebola outbreak on record . And still , WHO says , the numbers do n't tell the whole picture . "  The magnitude of the Ebola outbreak , especially in Liberia and Sierra Leone , has been underestimated for a number of reasons , " the organization said in a statement Friday . "  Many families hide infected loved ones in their homes . "  Others deny that a patient has Ebola and believe that care in an isolation ward -- viewed as an incubator of the disease -- will lead to infection and certain death . Most fear the stigma and social rejection that come to patients and families when a diagnosis of Ebola is confirmed . " Corpses in these countries are being buried without determining cause of death , WHO says . Medical staff can not keep up with the current demand , especially with the limited supplies they have on hand . "  In some areas , most notably Monrovia , virtually all health services have shut down , " WHO says . "  Fear keeps patients out and causes medical staff to flee . " Senegal is not the first country to close its border during the outbreak . President Ellen Sirleaf has shut most of Liberia 's borders to contain the virus . The few points of entry that are still open are testing people passing through for Ebola . Guinea and Sierra Leone have done the same . Kenya , South Africa and others in the region are also limiting travel to and from the area . In its first statement on the Ebola outbreak , the African Union this week expressed its "  deep concern at the current situation , and its full solidarity and support to the countries affected by this epidemic . " At its meeting in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , the group of African nations authorized the "  immediate deployment of an AU-led Military and Civilian Humanitarian Mission , comprising medical doctors , nurses and other medical and paramedical personnel , as well as military personnel , as required for the effectiveness and protection of the Mission . " Medecins Sans Frontieres , also known as Doctors Without Borders , describes Ebola as "  one of the world 's most deadly diseases . " The virus is highly infectious , and is transmitted through bodily fluids such as blood , sweat and feces . Two to 21 days after a person is infected , symptoms such as fever , muscle pain and a sore throat appear . The fever then progresses to vomiting and diarrhea , difficulty breathing , impaired organ function and internal bleeding . Ebola hemorrhagic fever can be deadly in up to 90 % of cases , though the current outbreak 's mortality rate has been around 50 % . Ebola virus : 9 things to know On Thursday , residents in the Monrovia 's West Point slum protested a government-enforced Ebola quarantine . An estimated 50,000 people live in the West Point area . Armed soldiers were deployed to keep the quarantine in place , CNN 's Isha Sesay reported . Liberia has been hardest hit by the virus , with 972 suspected cases and 576 deaths . Meanwhile , the disease 's infectious nature has health officials around the globe on high alert . But so far , any suspected cases outside the four West African countries affected by the outbreak have turned out to be false alarms . Test results on a patient in California this week were negative for the deadly virus , according to the state 's health department . Similar cases in New York , Ireland , Abu Dhabi and the Philippines have also tested negative for Ebola .	Nigerian officials report two new cases , bringing total in that country to 14 Senegal has closed its borders with Guinea over fears about the Ebola outbreak So far , 2,473 suspected Ebola cases haven been reported to WHO Ebola outbreak has been vastly underestimated , WHO says
CNN  -- Somali pirates demanded a $ 7 million ransom for a British couple kidnapped aboard their yacht last week , a British agency said Friday . The British government says it wo n't pay . "  The government will not make substantive concessions for hostage takers , including the payments of ransom , " the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office said . Paul and Rachel Chandler , who were snatched last week from their yacht in the Indian Ocean , had been held aboard a Singaporean cargo ship hijacked by pirates . They have been moved to a hijacked Spanish ship that pirates have stocked with more supplies and armed men , a local journalist in contact with the pirates said Friday . The pirates moved them to the Spanish vessel after elders in the Somali town of Haradhere refused a pirate request to allow the Chandlers ashore , the journalist said . The journalist 's identity is not being disclosed for security reasons . After hours of negotiation , the couple spoke with Rachel Chandler 's brother , Stephen Collett , on Friday -- a phone conversation that was videotaped by CNN 's British affiliate ITN . In the conversation , Rachel Chandler confirmed only that they had been moved from the Singaporean cargo ship , but not their current location , the network reported . "  We 're managing . They tell us that we 're safe and that we should n't worry and that if we want anything , they will provide it in terms of food and , you know , water , " an emotional Rachel Chandler told Collett . "  They 're very hospitable people , so do n't worry . ... Physically we 're fine ; physically , we 're healthy . " Paul Chandler spoke slowly and carefully in the interview : "  Rachel and I are here . We are fine , " he told Collett . "  We know nothing here . It is nice to speak to you . I can only say we are well and that 's as far as I can say . " Collett read a message to the captors , asking them to release his sister and her husband to show "  your compassionate nature . " ITN reporter Angus Walker noted that Paul Chandler 's tone sounded more strained than during their conversation Thursday , when he laughed at one point and sounded more relaxed . In their Thursday conversation , Chandler told ITN that men with guns had boarded the couple 's yacht , demanding money and taking everything of value . Paul Chandler spoke later with the BBC 's Somali Service , reportedly saying , "  We are well and being looked after OK . " He said they were being fed and "  food is OK at the moment . " The pirates abandoned the Chandlers ' yacht , the 38-foot Lynn Rival , which the British Royal Navy found drifting in international waters Thursday . The Chandlers set off from the Seychelles islands on October 21 bound for Tanzania , according to their blog . A distress beacon was activated on October 23 , according to naval officials . Britain 's Foreign Office said it has been in close contact with the couple 's family . Pirates have been very active off the east coast of Africa in the past several years , operating out of lawless Somalia . Two vessels were attacked the day after the Chandlers set sail . One of them -- a cargo ship -- was successfully boarded and seized off the Seychelles , while the other fought off its attackers near the Kenyan coast . Thursday , pirates attacked and boarded a Thai-flagged fishing vessel about 200 miles north of the Seychelles , according to the European Union Naval Force . Attacks in the region have significantly increased this year , according to the International Maritime Bureau , which monitors shipping crimes . But successful attacks have gone down as a result of a strong presence of international monitors . The first nine months of this year has seen more pirate attacks than all of last year , the bureau reported October 21 . From January 1 through September 30 , pirates worldwide mounted 306 attacks , compared with 293 in all of 2008 , it said . More than half of this year 's attacks were carried out by suspected Somali pirates off the east coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden , a major shipping route between Yemen and Somalia . Out of those attacks , Somali pirates successfully hijacked 32 vessels and took 533 hostages . Eight people were wounded , four were killed and one is missing , the bureau said .	NEW : British government says it wo n't pay ransom Pirates move kidnapped British couple to hijacked Spanish ship Pirate source says ship has more men and weapons on board British couple left Seychelles for Tanzania on October 21
CNN  -- Defending champion Caroline Wozniacki suffered a straight sets defeat to unseeded German Julia Goerges in the semifinal of the $ 2 million WTA tournament in Dubai Friday . Denmark 's Wozniacki had no answer to an inspired Goerges , who won 7-6 7-5 to set up a final clash against Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska . Sixth seed Radwanska had earlier continued her fine recent form to beat Serbia 's Jelena Jankovic 6-2 2-6 6-0 in the first semifinal . Goerges , whose passage through the draw was helped by the withdrawal of top seed Victoria Azarenka through injury , was rewarded for a display of attacking tennis . "  It 's amazing to beat Caroline . I tried to stay aggressive and attack the short balls , " Goerges told Eurosport . Goerges had beaten former World No. 1 Wozniacki in their two previous matches , both on clay , with the Dane having the better in their other clashes on hard courts . She opened up an advantage in the opening set , but Wozniacki broke back to force a tiebreak , which Goerges largely dominated to win seven points to three . The second set followed a similar pattern of closely contested games , but Wozniacki looked set to level as she carved out a 4-2 lead . But a fruitless challenge on a line call disrupted her rhythm and Goerges broke back . A further break gave her a 6-5 lead and she served out for victory . The 22-year-old Radwanska will be a tough opponent for Goerges in Saturday 's final after she saw off Jankovic in a topsy-turvy match . She swept through the decider without dropping a game to win after one hour 43 minutes .	Defending champion Caroline Wozniacki goes out in Dubai Wozniacki beaten 7-6 7-5 by Germany 's Julia Goerges in semifinals Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska to meet Goerges in the final Radwanska sees off Jelena Jankovic 6-2 2-6 6-0 in their last four clash
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- The Army psychiatrist defending himself against charges that he killed 13 people in a shooting rampage at Fort Hood , Texas , concluded his case on Wednesday without calling a single witness . Maj. Nidal Hasan ended days of speculation over whether he would take the stand with three words : "  The defense rests . " Closing arguments were scheduled to begin Thursday morning before the case is handed to a military jury , which will determine whether Hasan is guilty of 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted murder in connection with the November 5 , 2009 , attack . It was unclear if Hasan , who faces the death penalty if convicted , planned to deliver a closing statement . Fort Hood victims feel betrayed Hasan 's decision not to offer a defense was an anticlimactic end to the testimony portion of a court-martial where prosecution witnesses , primarily survivors , painted a horrific picture of what unfolded inside the processing center during the attack . Inside the courtroom , the liaison for the family members of those killed handed out packages of Kleenex ahead of the day 's proceeding . As they have nearly every day of the trial , some of the wives and mothers of the 12 soldiers and one civilian killed had their eyes fixed -- some in a cold stare -- on Hasan . There is no question about whether Hasan carried out the shooting rampage as he took credit for it at the outset of the trial , telling the jury of 13 senior officers during opening statements that the evidence will show "  I was the shooter . " The judge , Col. Tara Osborn , has refused to allow Hasan to argue "  defense of others , " a claim that he carried out the shootings to protect the Afghan Taliban and its leaders from U.S. soldiers . Is Hasan 's strategy martyrdom ? Much has been made of Hasan 's defense or , as his stand-by attorneys have said , the lack of it . The judge declined a request by Hasan 's attorneys to drop out of the case . The attorneys argued that Hasan was helping the prosecution put him to death . There may be something to that claim . The judge barred Hasan from pleading guilty at the start of the court-martial . Under military law , defendants can not enter guilty pleas in capital punishment cases . In recent weeks , he has leaked documents through his civilian attorney to The New York Times and Fox News that appear to offer a glimpse of Hasan 's justification for carrying out the attack . The documents included a mental health evaluation conducted by a military panel to determine whether Hasan was fit to stand trial . "  I do n't think what I did was wrong because it was for the greater cause of helping my Muslim brothers , " he told the panel , according to pages of the report published by the Times . He also said , according to the documents : "  I 'm paraplegic and could be in jail for the rest of my life . However , if I died by lethal injection I would still be a martyr . " Military prosecutors called 89 witnesses and submitted more than 700 pieces of evidence before resting their case , hoping to show that the American-born Muslim had undergone what they described as a progressive radicalization . Hasan challenges witness account of shooting They have argued to the jury that Hasan , who was scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan , did not want to fight against other Muslims and believed he had a jihad duty to kill as many soldiers as possible . Over the course of 11 days , prosecution witnesses painted a horrific picture of the shooting rampage that began inside the deployment center , with a number recounting how the gunman rose from a chair , shouted "  Allahu Akbar " -- Arabic for "  God is the greatest " -- and fired more than 146 rounds in the room . The prosecution witnesses called Tuesday described the final minutes of the attack , a police shootout that ended with the gunman shooting a police officer before he was shot . Hasan was paralyzed from the chest down . The final witness called by the prosecution , Dr. Tonya Kozminski , testified about what Hasan told her would happen to the Army if he were deployed . "  The last thing he said ... ` They will pay , " Kozminski said . Fast Facts : Soldier-on-soldier attacks Military death row : More than 50 years and no executions	Closing statements set to begin on Thursday at Texas military base Army psychiatrist defending himself opts not to testify Hasan , 42 , is being tried on 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted murder The charges stem from the November 5 , 2009 , attack at a deployment processing center
CNN  -- "  I mean , I hate to gloat , " Weird Al Yankovic said , "  but I 'm extremely satisfied with my position in life and the way things have worked out for me . " For over a quarter of a century , Weird Al has made a career out of his two passions : music and comedy . His parodies and satirical songs and videos have amassed an army of devoted fans -- 2 million of them follow him on Twitter . He 's won three Grammy Awards and has sold more comedy albums than any other artist in history . Not bad for a nerd out of Lynwood , California . And now , the Hawaiian-shirt-wearing , accordion-playing , curly-haired pop satirist can also call himself a children 's book author . On Tuesday , Yankovic 's book , "  When I Grow Up , " lands on shelves . The book , published by Harper Collins , brings Yankovic 's signature brand of nerdy humor to what turns out to be a very sweet and empowering children 's picture book . It centers on what Billy , an energetic 8-year-old , imagines he might be when he grows up . Sure , it seems like writing children 's books is becoming a popular pastime for attention-loving celebrities . But Yankovic found inspiration in , of all things , his father 's career advice . "  As my father used to tell me , the only true sign of success in life is being able to do for a living that which makes you happy , " Yankovic said . And what made him happy turned out to be a career that , Yankovic admits , no one in his family ever thought would go in the direction it has . "  One of the reasons I was inspired to write this book was because my career path was sort of circuitous , " he said . "  I went to college and got a degree in architecture , because when I was 12 years old I had a guidance counselor talk me out of my dream of being a cartoonist for MAD Magazine . " "  He said , ` Oh there 's no future in comics , you 're not going to make a living doing that . ' He said , ` Well , you 're good at drafting , you 're good at math , you 're creative , why do n't you be an architect ? ' So I decided , OK , I 'm going to be an adult , I 'm going to grow up , and this is what I 'm going to do for a living . " After three years at architecture school , Yankovic said , he realized it was n't what he wanted to do . With the support of parents who were n't interested in pushing him into any specific career , but rather just "  really wanted me to be happy , " Yankovic took a chance on his passion . "  I suppose I had my rock star fantasies while I was singing into my hairbrush in the bathroom mirror , but I never really consciously said , ` OK , this is what I 'm going to do for a living and I 'm going to be Weird Al. ' My hobbies just sort of gradually became my vocation , " he said . Of course , Yankovic also saw a children 's book as the perfect opportunity to indulge his quirky humor . As Billy tells his classmates in the book , "  Maybe I 'll be a gorilla masseuse , or an artist who sculpts out of chocolate mousse . " In typical Yankovic style , Billy also suggests "  professional pickle inspector , " "  big sumo wrestler , " and "  smelly pit-sniffing deodorant tester . " Listen to Weird Al read an excerpt from his book . Yankovic 's favorite career in Billy 's possible future ? "  Master debater , " he said , with that instantly recognizable laugh . "  I ca n't believe I got that through the censors . Actually I was on the speech team in high school so that probably is pretty close . " "  I do n't know if Billy is obsessive-compulsive , " Yankovic said , "  but he seems to have a lot of ideas , his head is filled with a lot of random thoughts . I do n't know if that 's typical of all nerds , but that 's sort of how my brain is . If I can extrapolate it , maybe that 's something I share with Billy . " Lucky for Billy , Yankovic said , nerdy qualities come in handy professionally . He ought to know : Yankovic 's unabashed and overt nerdiness was met with heavy rotation on MTV in the 1980s at a time when , he said , "  being nerdy was n't quite so hip . " "  I mean , it 's an extension of who I am , so I do n't have a lot of choice in the matter , " he said . Even Yankovic 's recent album "  Straight Out of Lynwood " rides the nerd wave to success . The video for "  White and Nerdy " has been viewed online over 100 million times . Nerds are focused and probably obsessed about a few things , Yankovic said . "  Their field of vision is narrowed , that 's part of the description of a nerd , I think , but it 's that kind of laser focus and attention to detail and passion that also makes them very successful in their chosen field . " "  I think when Billy finally does walk into whatever he wants to do , he 'll be able to settle down and focus a bit more . " What does Yankovic mean by focus ? How about weeks-long debates as to whether one of the sentences in "  When I Grow Up " needed a semicolon , a dash or a period ? This was the first time Yankovic has ever worked with an editor , Anne Hoppe from Harper Collins . For someone who has enjoyed the unhindered control of an artist , it turned out to be a positive experience . "  Anne was a great partner in this , " he said . "  I would write her four lines of verse and she 'd write me back four pages of notes . " "  We finessed this text for a very long time and I 'm very happy with the way it turned out . It was just really great to have somebody that I could have those kinds of dialogues with . " Likewise , Yankovic is happy with the presentation of his ideas by illustrator Wes Hargis . The whimsy Hargis brings to the collaboration is something Yankovic feels is just right . "  He really has a childlike quality and a very fun quality and a very imaginative quality . I think it was just the perfect partnership for this picture book and I 'm very glad that Anne put us together , " he said . Yankovic confesses he 's been bitten by the children 's book bug . "  Regardless of how this book does , and of course I hope it does very well , but I would like to write at least a few more . It was really a wonderful experience and I 'd love to do it again . " What could be better news for longtime Weird Al fans who want to make their favorite satirist a family affair ?	Weird Al Yankovic 's first children 's book hits shelves February 1 "  When I Grow Up " centers on 8-year-old Billy and his career possibilities Yankovic 's career was built on passion for music and comedy plus an inherent nerdiness
Sumatra , Indonesia  CNN  -- A loud crack echoes throughout the canopy as two young orangutans come tumbling down , grasping at branches along the way to break their fall . They recover and sheepishly scamper back up . This is lesson one of jungle school here in the forests of central Sumatra , one of the few places where orangutans are being successfully rehabilitated into the wild . "  They have to learn that their whole environment is completely different from the cage , " says Peter Pratje of the Frankfurt Zoological Society . "  They have to learn that branches and small trees -- the size of bars in the cage -- do n't carry them any longer . They bend and break . " "  During the first phase of this jungle training , they are very often falling out of the trees because they use rotten branches . " The two youngsters swing awkwardly between the trees . On the ground below , their trainers keep a watchful eye and try to coax them toward fruit trees . Learning to forage is another crucial lesson in survival . Back in the massive enclosure , the orangutans undergo enrichment exercises to keep their minds occupied and prolong their feeding time . Success here is critical . Scientists say the Sumatran orangutan will be the first great ape to go extinct . "  The orangutan is an extremely vulnerable species because they have a very slow breeding cycle . Usually an orangutan stays for around 7 to 9 years with its mother , " Pratje says . "  Besides natural mortality , if there is only a little increase in mortality over a longer time already it drives an orangutan population to extinction . " The numbers of Sumatran orangutans have already dwindled to around 6,000 . The main reason for that is habitat destruction . Sumatra has lost 85 percent of its natural forest , mainly due to palm oil and pulp and paper companies , scientists say . The sanctuary , a Frankfurt Zoological Project , is just outside the Bukit Tigapuluh National Park . The lowlands surrounding it are an ideal habitat for orangutans , and it 's where those that have been released are choosing to build their habitats . According to the environmental group WWF , it 's also home to the endangered Sumatran elephant and a quarter of the critically endangered Sumatran tigers left in the wild . But the area , which is not currently protected , is being threatened by pulp and paper companies that want to see the region turned into plantations . So far the government has rejected logging permits , but unless this is declared a conservation area , Pratje and other conservationists fear that could change . So far , more than 100 orangutans have been released here , with just over a dozen more in various stages of training . Pratje has lived here since he established the sanctuary seven years ago , dedicating his entire life to this project . "  It 's like fighting for a member of my family , " he says . "  I love them because they are smart , smarter than other great apes . " But he says the fight is not just about the extinction of a species . The orangutan has become the ambassador for the threatened rainforest . "  If we sacrifice these forests , we may sacrifice our chances for getting medicine for important diseases , " he says . "  The problem is there is no second chance . If you shut down an ecosystem that is hundreds of years old , you ca n't regrow it any longer . "  So this is the last chance . "	Peter Pratje says orangutans in Sumatra are threatened by pulp and paper companies He 's working to introduce orangutans back into the wild "  The orangutan is an extremely vulnerable species , " Pratje says
Washington  CNN  -- The family of a man who fought alongside U.S. troops in Vietnam have been told their relative will not be allowed to be buried at Arlington National Cemetery . Major General Vang Pao led thousands of Hmong soldiers as they fought alongside the United States against the North Vietnamese Army during the war in Southeast Asia , according to a news release from Congressman Jim Costa of California . Costa , on behalf of Pao 's family , asked the Army to grant an exception to Arlington 's rules to allow Pao to be buried in the nation 's most hallowed burial ground . Pao died recently of complications from pneumonia , according to Costa . "  The Vang Pao family 's request for an exception to the burial policy was thoroughly reviewed by a board comprised of senior military and civilian officials . ... After a comprehensive analysis , the board unanimously recommended denial of the request for exception to policy . Upon receipt of the board 's input , the Secretary carefully reviewed and deliberated on this matter and accepted the board 's recommendation , " according to a statement from the Army released Friday evening . According to the cemetery 's policy , Pao would have had to have served in the U.S. armed forces to be eligible for the honor . The family can still ask Defense Secretary Robert Gates and President Obama to make an exception . A Pentagon spokesman said he did not know if any request regarding Pao 's burial had reached Gates as of Friday afternoon .	Vang Pao fought alongside U.S. troops in the Vietnam War His family wants him buried at Arlington National Cemetery Arlington denied the request for exception to its burial policy
To the casual onlooker golf is often perceived as behind the times due to the archaic rules and regulations which govern the game . But even the most old-fashioned sport is powerless beneath the wheels of change and with the Pearls Golf Premier League , golf was recently given a 21st-Century makeover . The inaugural competition took place recently in Aamby Valley City pitting eight city franchises against each other in a floodlit tournament which boasted a $ 400,000 prize fund and starred major winners Angel Cabrera and Darren Clarke . The "  Premier League " format is not new to sports fans , with cricket already having undergone a similar reinvention in the subcontinent with the lucrative Indian Premier League  IPL  . The IPL is played in packed stadiums at a frantic pace , with superstar players on big-money short-term contracts letting rip in the 20-over competition . Both golf and cricket are sports which traditionally last for days at a time . But does that gentle sporting rhythm -- so reminiscent of yesteryear -- no longer excite a modern audience short on time and attention ? "  It 's all about thrills and spills these days , " Edward Hawkins , author of Bookie Gambler Fixer Spy , told CNN . "  Just look at the popularity of T20 cricket in India and the sell-out stadiums . Compare that to the empty spaces at five-day Test matches . "  It 's not just India which has a thirst for ` immediate ' action and a disinterest for the nuances and chess-like formats . "  Most countries have seen spikes in interest in shorter formats of cricket . Pakistan wants to set up a T20 league , so does the West Indies . " The financial benefits are obvious . PepsiCo recently signed a deal worth Rs .396.8 crore  $ 71.93 million  to sponsor the nine-franchise IPL competition , which gets underway again in April , for five seasons . Television money That figure doubled the league 's previous sponsorship agreement and Hawkins is n't surprised , suggesting shorter games are more appealing to broadcasters . "  There is money there , unlike Test matches , " added Hawkins . "  A broadcaster would far rather commit to a three-hour show than one over five days spanning seven hours each and have the possibility that it could be rained off or end two days early . " So now golf bravely follows where cricket has led . Rather than 18 holes , players in the Pearls Golf Premier League played over just 14 with each golfer decked out in their team 's jersey . In the end , it was Clarke 's Uttarakhand Lions which won the inaugural competition , with the franchise paying $ 55,000 for the services of the Northern Irishman during the event . Does this new golf experiment signal the imminent demise of more traditional forms of sport ? "  This is significant and fundamental because it is changing the very nature of sport : the formats , " Simon Chadwick , Professor of Sport Business Strategy and Marketing at Coventry University , told CNN . "  The rules , the way in which they are commercialized and marketed , the way in which sport has become a commodity and somehow seems to be morphing into an entertainment product , the way in which sport is consumed . " These fast-paced , short forms of sport are ideal for a country which , like its BRIC counterparts Brazil , Russia and China , is very much on the up . "  India is fast paced , " continued Hawkins . "  It 's a society which wants everything and five minutes ago . It wants to be seen as leading new trends and in that regard quickfire golf certainly does that . "  It 's a vibrant , cocksure country these days , a coming force and they are keen to show that off . "  Golf has its popularity in India but , frankly , every kid carries a cricket bat with them , not a five-iron and in that regard the sport has an ` elite ' image . "  Now it could be that they are trying to shake off that stereotype but more likely I think this might be down to some rich folk wanting to have some fun and getting TV deals and sponsorships to pay for it . " Hybrid approach Chadwick outlines how tinkering with the conventions of sport is an attempt to attract audiences whose interests might ordinarily lie elsewhere . He also suggest the trend could continue , as Asia 's financial power continues to grow . "  There 's the development of new format sports that are intended to deliver a ` better product ' , which often border on entertainment and celebrity rather than pure sport , " said Chadwick . "  There 's the change in sporting model , with the rise of Asian markets resulting in the emergence of hybrid approaches to sport . "	The inaugural Pearls Golf Premier League took place in India last month Eight franchises were pitted together in a cut down version of the sport The format is similar to cricket 's Indian Premier League , which was launched in 2008 Major winners Angel Cabrera and Darren Clarke were paid $ 55,000 to play in Golf Premier League
In the city of Qamishli , on Syria 's border with Turkey , neither the forces of the Syrian regime nor the rebels of the Free Syrian Army are to be seen . But visitors say the Kurdish flag is very evident , and Kurdish fighters man checkpoints around the city . More are being trained in the Kurdish region of neighboring Iraq . Away from the epicenter of the battle for Syria , the Kurdish minority -- about 10 % of the Syrian population -- has gained control of two areas . One is around Qamishli , which has a population of nearly 200,000 ; the other is north of Aleppo in towns like Afrin and Ayn al - ` Arab . They have one aim , best summed up by a poster at a recent rally that read : "  Federalizm  sic  is the best solution for new Syria . " Syria 's Kurds do not live in one region , unlike Iraq 's . They are scattered across northern Syria . But their growing if patchy autonomy promises to be a source of friction with other Syrian groups in the months ahead , and may have seismic consequences for Turkey , Iraq and even Iran . When the unrest began in Syria last year , most Kurds remained on the sidelines . As a minority , they feared the emergence of a Syria dominated by Sunnis . And the main Kurdish group -- the Democratic Union Party , or PYD -- was useful to the regime . It has long been  and remains  an affiliate of the PKK , the militant group in Turkey that has fought for Kurdish autonomy for three decades , a struggle that has claimed tens of thousands of lives . "  The PKK has always had very good connections with the Syrian Kurds and especially with the PYD , " said Turkish journalist Rusen Cakir , who has followed the Kurdish story for decades . "  Many Syrian Kurds have been killed by Turkish security forces in battles with the PKK , " he said . The PKK claims some 3,500 of its "  martyrs " have been Syrian . So the PYD was a tool with which the Assad regime could threaten the Turks should they interfere in events inside Syria , said Soner Cagaptay of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . "  Assad wants to make it difficult for the Turks to intervene without getting into a war with the PKK , and unlike Iraq and Iran , the PKK has real grass-roots support in Syria , " Cagaptay told CNN . For both Assad and the PYD it was an opportunistic relationship . Intelligence sources in the region say the regime even allowed several hundred Kurdish militants back into the country from the Qandil mountains in the far northeastern corner of Iraq , including the group 's leader , Salih Muslim Muhammad . There were also reports that PYD militia were deployed to stifle anti-regime protests by Kurdish youth groups . Then -- in October 2011 -- a prominent Syrian Kurdish activist , Meshaal Tammo , was assassinated . Many Kurds blamed the regime for his murder . The PYD may have feared that any association with the regime -- and lingering suspicions it may have been complicit in Tammo 's murder -- would harm its credibility . It vehemently denied involvement , but has since begun to forge a "  third way , " backing neither the government nor the rebels but using the vacuum of authority to carve out a zone of control . PYD leader Salih Muslim Muhammad told the Berlin-based Kurdwatch blog last year : "  What is important is that we Kurds assert our existence . The current regime does not accept us , nor do those who will potentially come into power . " In July , Assad 's security forces suddenly relinquished control of several Kurdish towns . Cale Salih of the International Crisis Group said that whether they did so voluntarily to focus on other places or were "  told " to leave -- as the PYD insists -- is unclear . The effect was the same : alarm in Turkey , already at war with the PKK in the mountains along the Iraqi border . "  As the Turks see it , with identical PKK/PYD flags reportedly being raised over Ayn al - ` Arab and Afrin , developments suggest that the PKK may be creating a safe haven for itself on Turkey 's border with Syria , " Cagaptay wrote last month on CNN 's Global Public Square . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns that any attempt by the PKK -- which is designated a terrorist organization by both the United States and European Union -- to launch cross-border attacks would be met by force . The Turkish army underlined that warning with a large exercise less than a mile from border villages now controlled by the PYD . The United States has chimed in with its own concerns . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said : "  We share Turkey 's determination that Syria must not become a haven for PKK terrorists whether now or after the departure of the Assad regime . " "  That could be a big disaster for Turkey , not now but maybe in two years , " Cakir said . "  Turkey can never accept the PKK controlling the Syrian side of the border . It is highly possible the Turkish military would intervene in Syria . " The picture is complicated by a brewing battle for supremacy among Syria 's Kurds . The PYD is now being challenged by a loose coalition known as the Kurdish National Council . The group , although riven by internal disputes , is sponsored by the Iraqi Kurdish leader Massoud Barzani . Cagaptay , of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said Barzani has tried to bring the PYD and Kurdish National Council together , but evidence suggests little co-operation and plenty of rivalry . According to Salih , who has traveled widely in the region for the International Crisis Group , there is a real risk of conflict between Kurdish factions for control of Qamishli in coming months . It is where the Kurdish National Council is strongest , but the PYD has been making inroads , and there have already been clashes between supporters of the two groups , she said . Salih said that hundreds of Syrian Kurds -- some of them defectors from the army -- are receiving military training in Iraq . So far it appears they have been unable to return to Syria . Barzani , a veteran Kurdish nationalist , clearly wants to influence events in Syria , but at the same time he realizes that Turkey is important as a route for oil exports from Iraqi Kurdistan . He has no wish to antagonize Ankara , and may even help by trying to "  box in " the PYD . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davotoglu recently called on Barzani in Irbil , and they "  emphasized that any attempt to exploit the power vacuum by any violent group or organization  in Syria  will be considered as a common threat , " a not-so-veiled warning to the PYD . Another element in this explosive regional equation is the strained relationship between the Iraqi Kurds and Iraq 's central government . The Kurds are increasingly at odds with the Shiite government led by Nuri al-Maliki in Baghdad , and so is Turkey , according to Cagaptay . Reports from the border area say the Kurdish peshmerga patrolling the Syrian border are sometimes just a few hundred yards from regular Iraqi troops . However the Syrian revolt unfolds , "  the experience of the Syrian Kurds will have an influence on Iran 's Kurds and Turkey 's Kurdish population , " said Cakir , who is a senior correspondent for the Vatan newspaper . For the PKK , Syria provides an opportunity -- and possibly another front against Turkey 's military . Cakir sees that as adding a new dynamic to Turkish politics . "  The Turkish state has to deal with the PKK in a political way by persuading it to disarm , " he told CNN . "  This will be very difficult , as previous conflicts such as Northern Ireland have shown . But the Turkish military can not defeat the PKK . " He added that , "  according to conventional wisdom , this is not the time to begin such a political initiative , with presidential elections due in 2014 . But we must solve this question as soon as possible or there will be a catastrophe . " Cagaptay agrees that as a new constitution is written in Turkey , the Kurdish issue must be tackled . Turkey 's Kurds , he says , may soon look around the region and see that their brethren in Syria and Iraq are better off . It 's widely assumed that Erdogan will run for the presidency in 2014 . Cagaptay describes him as "  the most powerful elected leader Turkey has ever had , and he has an opportunity to address the Kurdish issue " by advancing autonomy for Turkey 's 14 million Kurds . But for Turkey 's substantial nationalist vote , that may be a bridge too far .	Kurdish fighters have gained control over areas of northern Syria The main Kurdish group , the PYD , has been seen as useful to the Assad regime It has close ties to the PKK , the group fighting in Turkey for Kurdish autonomy The Syrian Kurds ' experience will influence other Kurdish groups , an analyst says
CNN  -- The owner of a Nebraska car dealership and two executives were in police custody facing theft charges Thursday after 81 cars were taken from the dealership 's lot , authorities said . Alan Patch , 52 , who owns Legacy Auto Sales in Nebraska is being held in Tooele County , Utah . Alan Patch , 52 , the owner of Legacy Auto Sales in Scottsbluff , Nebraska , was being held in Tooele County , Utah , Scottsbluff police Capt. Kevin Spencer told CNN . Rachel Fait , 37 , Legacy 's comptroller , was arrested in Tooele County on Wednesday , and Legacy general manager Rick Covello , 53 , turned himself in to Scottsbluff officials Thursday , Spencer said . Police became aware of the case Tuesday , when they received a call from Toyota company officials , Spencer said . Toyota told police they had received a call that all of Legacy 's new Toyotas were gone from its lot . Employees arriving at the dealership for work on Tuesday also found the three executives gone , police said . They had packed up their personal possessions . Some computers were gone , as well . Fait and Patch 's homes in Nebraska were on the market and empty , Spencer said . In all , authorities found , 81 vehicles -- mostly Toyotas but some Fords as well , valued at more than $ 2.5 million -- had been moved off Legacy 's lot over the weekend and on Monday . At least some of them were moved by a Utah transport company that was paid with a fraudulent cashier 's check , Spencer said . Authorities have been trying to track down the cars , he said . Seven of them were found at a Utah auto business ; 16 others were sold at a Utah auction . Others were found in Las Vegas , Nevada , Spencer said , but police do not have an accurate tally of how many remain missing . The FBI has been assisting local authorities in the case from the beginning , Spencer said . The cars were n't the dealership 's to sell free and clear . While they technically belonged to the dealership , they were financed by Toyota , he said . New cars come to dealerships with documentation called a Manufacturer 's Statement of Origin . Police investigating the case found that those statements had been converted to titles , Spencer said . While such conversion is not a crime , and is not unheard of among dealerships , the step usually is seen when a dealership goes under and is trying to expedite the sale of vehicles , he said . What a dealer can do with cars depends on a dealership 's agreement with the manufacturer , Spencer said . Police are attempting to find out details of Legacy 's agreement with Toyota , he said , but "  normally as part of that agreement , -LSB- the cars -RSB- are not to leave the dealership . " "  We 're of the opinion they 've committed a crime , " Spencer said . Arrest warrants for the three list each as facing one count of felony theft , he said . The dealership had been facing financial difficulties , Spencer said . The Scottsbluff Star-Herald reported a bank had been overseeing Legacy 's day-to-day operations for about three months . According to the newspaper , the owner of a Utah auto auction said that some of the vehicles had been sold at his business , but he declined further comment , saying he was seeking legal advice because he was trying to work things out with Toyota . Doug Bergener , a manager at Bargain Buggys in Tooele , Utah , a suburb of Salt Lake City , told the newspaper he offered to buy 10 used vehicles from Legacy after hearing they were shutting down . But the vehicles that arrived were brand new , he said . He had sales pending on four before he got a call telling him not to sell them . He told the Star-Herald that he 's known Patch and Fait for years , and that Patch told him he had paid for the vehicles and had titles . "  I do n't think anyone can prove anything 's illegal at this point , " Bergener said , according to the Star-Herald . "  We 've known Allen for 15 years and never knew him to do anything underhanded . There 's been no reason not to trust him . He 's always been honest . It 'll all come out in the wash . "	Executives Alan Patch , Rachel Fait and Rick Covello arrested Police say they loaded up 81 cars , emptied offices and homes and left town Officials say the dealership had been facing financial difficulties Police looking into the sale of the cars , agreement with Toyota
CNN  -- Big-spending Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain have been heavily sanctioned by European football body UEFA for breaching new rules on Financial Fair Play . The respective champions of England and France are among nine clubs that have failed to comply with rulings brought in with the aim of making football more financially stable . City has been bankrolled by Abu Dhabi royal Sheikh Mansour Bin Zayed Al Nahyan since 2008 , while PSG was bought by the Qatar Investment Authority in 2011 . Both clubs have leaped to prominence on the back of massive investments , signing top players and announcing lucrative sponsorship deals with companies closely linked to their owners -- such as Etihad Airlines and the Qatar Tourism Authority . The latter was identified by UEFA as having broken its financial rules -- it said Friday that its valuation of PSG 's reported $ 700 million  $ 960 million  four-year agreement was "  significantly below that submitted by the club . " Despite such revenue , City and PSG exceeded the permitted losses of $ 62 million over the course of the 2011-12 and 2012-13 seasons . City , which last weekend won the Premier League title for the second time in three years , said it would accept punishments including a fine of $ 60 million  $ 82 million  , a restriction on transfer spending and a reduction in the club 's squad size for the European Champions League . Of the fine , $ 10 million will be taken from earnings in this season 's Champions League and the same amount from the next campaign -- while the rest will be returned if City meets its financial obligations over a three-year period . It will have to limit spending on new players to $ 60 million for the upcoming transfer window , on top of funds raised by sales of existing squad members . "  This will have no material impact on the club 's planned transfer activity , " City said Friday , having negotiated a settlement with UEFA in talks over the past month . "  At the heart of those discussions is a fundamental disagreement between the club 's and UEFA 's respective interpretations of the FFP regulations on players purchased before 2010 , " City said . "  The club believes it has complied with the FFP regulations on this and all other matters . " City , which reached the last 16 in this season 's Champions League , can only register 21 players for the 2014-15 competition -- the usual maximum is 25 . However , it noted that manager Manuel Pellegrini used only 21 of 23 players registered for 2013-14 . The whole club 's salaries -- those of its players are the largest in world sport -- for next season must stay at the same level as the one just completed , though City said : "  In reality , the existing MCFC business plan sees a natural decline in that wage bill . " City made a record British loss of $ 307.8 million in 2010-11 and $ 192 million the year before -- all of which were covered by billionaire Sheikh Mansour . In 2012 its deficit was $ 160 million and last year $ 87 million , but the club said it expects to break even for the period ending May 31 . "  Operating with no debt , the club is realizing its football and commercial opportunities whilst continuing unprecedented investments in both youth development and the local community , " City said . PSG said Friday it would accept the financial sanctions imposed by UEFA -- the same that City faces -- despite "  irreconcilable differences " over its sponsorship with the QTA . It said the measures imposed would mean a "  tremendous handicap " as it seeks to establish itself as one of Europe 's leading clubs , having reached the Champions League quarterfinals this season . "  We will continue to invest in developing a highly competitive team and we will continue our investments in our stadium and training infrastructures while at the same time remaining , as we are today , debt free , " PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi said in a statement . Turkish clubs Galatasaray , Bursaspor and Trabzonspor were also sanctioned for exceeding spending limits , being fined $ 200,000 and told to meet break-even limits , as was Bulgaria 's Levski Sofia . Russia 's Zenit St. Petersburg , Rubin Kazan and Anzhi Makhachkala must reduce their operating deficits to break-even by 2016 and freeze wage bills , while also facing reduction in squad sizes and limits on new player registrations for European competitions . An announcement had been expected at the start of this month but was delayed by the complexity of the legal proceedings involved , UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said on Tuesday . The financial fair play rules are supposed to stop clubs getting into unmanageable debt , or allow wealthy benefactors to give top teams and unfair advantage . Earlier this month , Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger argued that any team that broke Financial Fair Play rules should be excluded from European competition . In 2012 , UEFA began withholding prize money from clubs which did not meet the financial restrictions , and at the end of that year Spanish club Malaga was banned from European competition for a season and fined $ 300,000 due to unpaid bills .	Manchester City and Paris St. Germain accept punishments for breaking spending rules UEFA imposes sanctions to nine European clubs under financial fair play regulations English and French champions are bankrolled by Middle East owners Three Russian clubs and three Turkish teams also punished , plus one from Bulgaria
CNN  -- Switzerland and the Czech Republic broke new ground in Davis Cup tennis on Saturday playing out the longest match in the tournament 's history in Geneva . Lasting seven hours and two minutes , the doubles match between Swiss pair Stanislas Wawrinka and Marco Chiudinelli and Tomas Berdych and Lukas Rosol comfortably beat the previous record of six hours 20 minutes set in 1982 when John McEnroe beat Mats Wilander  9-7 6-2 15-17 3-6 8-6  in the tie between the United States and Sweden . The epic match eventually went the Czech pair 's way 6-4 5-7 6-4 6-7  5-7  24-22 to hand them a 2-1 lead heading into Sunday 's reverse singles . Wawrinka , who toiled for five hours against Novak Djokovic in Melbourne two weeks ago , tweeted after the match : "  Ice bath done ! Now massage and food ... Lets be ready for tomorrow !!!!???? ... And congrats to Berdich and Rosol ! " The Swiss no. 2 must win the first singles match against Berdych on Sunday to keep the tie alive . The U.S. 's tie with Brazil in Florida is also well poised after the Bryan brothers suffered a shock five-set defeat  6-7 7-6 4-6 6-3 3-6  to Marcelo Melo and Bruno Soares on Saturday . John Isner will play Thomaz Bellucci in the first reverse singles match on Sunday . Should he win , the U.S. will play Serbia in the quarterfinals in April . The 2010 champions reached the last eight on Saturday when Viktor Troicki and Nenad Zimonjic defeated Belgian pair Steve Darcis and Ruben Bemelmans in four sets 6-4 6-4 5-7 6-4 . The victory followed wins for world no. 1 Novak Djokovic and Troicki in Friday 's singles matches . Surefooted Djokovic wins France are also safely through to the quarterfinals with a 3-0 win over Israel in Rouen . Michael Llodra and Julien Benneteau beat Israeli pairing Dudi Sela and Jonathan Erlich in straight sets 7-6  7/3  6-1 6-0 which followed singles ' wins for Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Richard Gasquet on Friday . The French , whose last Davis Cup triumph was in 2001 will now play Argentina after they whitewashed Germany in Buenos Aires -- David Nalbandian and Horacio Zeballos winning their doubles match against Christopher Kas and Tobias Kamke 6-1 6-4 5-7 6-2 . In Vancouver , Spain -- runners up in 2012 -- are in danger of losing to Canada . The hosts are currently 2-0 up against a Spanish team without Rafael Nadal , David Ferrer , Nicolas Almagro and Fernando Verdasco . The ties between Italy and Croatia and Kazakhstan and Austria will be decided on Sunday . Italy hold the edge in their tie in Turin after Simone Bolelli and Fabio Fognini won their doubles match against Marin Cilic and Ivan Dodig on Saturday . Austra fought back against Kazakhstan in Astana on Saturday with Julian Knowle and Alexander Peya winning their doubles match against Andrey Golubev and Yuriy Schukin in straight sets 7-6 6-3 7-6 .	Switzerland and Czech Republic play longest doubles match in Davis Cup history Czech Republic win 24-22 in final set in match lasting seven hours and two minutes Bryan brothers suffer shock loss to Brazilian pair in Florida Serbia and France safely through to quarterfinal after 3-0 wins over Belgium and Israel
CNN  -- Three British men on holiday in the United Arab Emirates were beaten and subjected to electric shocks by police following their arrest on drug charges last July , a prisoners ' rights group claims . British citizens Grant Cameron , Karl Williams and Suneet Jeerh , all ages 25 , have been in detention in Dubai for more than seven months . They were arrested on charges of possession of the synthetic cannabis , "  spice , " according to Reprieve , a UK-based organization that provides legal support to prisoners . Dubai police denied any torture took place . The suspects were expected to be in a Dubai court Thursday morning for a first hearing in the case , said Marc Calcutt , a lawyer with Reprieve . But the hearing was postponed until March 14 because witnesses failed to appear , Calcutt said . Williams told Calcutt about the alleged abuse by Dubai police that he said occurred in a hotel room and the desert when the lawyer visited Dubai and was given "  informal access " to Williams and Cameron . "  I remember that the police put a towel on my face so I could not see . They kept telling me I was going to die , " Williams said in a statement released by Reprieve . "  Then they took off the towel and I could see that there was a gun pointed at my head ... I started to believe that I was going to die in that room . " At one point , the police pulled his pants down and zapped his testicles with electric shocks , Williams alleged The men were also pressured to sign documents in Arabic , without translation , after multiple beatings , Reprieve alleged . The UK Foreign Office said it is aware of the allegations . "  We can confirm that we have been providing consular assistance to three British nationals detained in the UAE since July 2012 . We have also been in close contact with Reprieve , " the Foreign Office said . "  The FCO takes all allegations of mistreatment and torture extremely seriously . With the individual 's consent , we raise allegations of mistreatment with the relevant authorities and request that they conduct a full impartial and independent investigation . " The men are charged with consumption , which holds a minimum sentence of four years , and possession with intent to distribute , which could lead to 15 years in prison , Calcutt said . If they are charged with trafficking , they could face the death penalty . Williams and Cameron came to Dubai to visit Jeerh who had moved there from the UK six weeks earlier , according to Calcutt . The three were driving a hired car and when they reached Jeerh 's apartment building they were arrested . The three allege they were then taken to the desert and subsequently to William and Cameron 's hotel where they claim the beatings and electric shocks occurred . Calcutt also claims that Williams ' hand was kicked until it was broken and says he has X-rays to prove it .	Dubai police deny any torture took place Rights group says the three have been tortured and held for seven months First hearing was scheduled for Thursday It was postponed because witnesses failed to appear
CNN  -- Marc Marquez continued his stunning debut season in motorcycling 's elite class when he became the first MotoGP rookie to win five races with victory in Sunday 's Czech Grand Prix . The 20-year-old notched his fourth successive triumph as he extended his world championship lead to 26 points with seven races remaining . He pegged back world champion Jorge Lorenzo , who had surged into the lead despite starting from fifth on the grid but had to settle for third behind Marquez 's Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa . Marquez equaled Valentino Rossi 's record of 10 podium placings in his rookie season , set back in 2000 , and became the first rider since the Italian in 2008 to win four successive races . "  Before we came here I did n't expect win , because Jorge and Valentino had both tested at Brno recently and Dani is always so fast here and won the race last year , " Marquez told the MotoGP website . "  It is a completely different track to those at which we have raced before , and these 25 points feel different to Indianapolis . "  This was a very hard-fought win and I enjoyed myself a lot . The battle with Jorge was really good and we are pleased with the victory . " Compatriot Pedrosa earned the 78th podium of his career , putting him equal fourth in the all-time standings with four-time world champion Eddie Lawson . "  I am very happy with the result , because after all the problems with my injury and the doubts we 've had at the last few races , we took a big step forward with my mental preparation today , " he said . Rossi tops that table with 145 podiums , but this time he had to settle for fourth -- the same result as his previous outing at Indianapolis . "  Today was better than Indy , especially because my gap to the front is half what it was there , " the Yamaha rider said . "  The first three guys are impressive , very strong ; I want to stay closer to them . "  Unfortunately I was 10 seconds back , another fourth place but I want to be closer , so we have to work . " His teammate Lorenzo was left third in the standings , 18 points behind Marquez . "  The championship is not lost yet but it 's now getting very difficult . We need just a few tenths to win the race so we have to pray for that at Silverstone , " the Spaniard said . "  I think I had my best start in all my career in MotoGP , I took four positions and in the first laps I was really quick . Eventually though I could n't keep the same distance to second place so little by little they caught me . Especially under braking and on the straights they were faster than me so I could n't do much more . " Pole-sitter Cal Crutchlow of Britain crashed on lap eight when in fourth position , and finished 17th after returning to the track .	MotoGP rookie Marc Marquez wins his fifth race of his debut season , a new record The Honda rider triumphs in Czech Grand Prix to extend his world championship lead The 20-year-old Spaniard has won the last four races in motorcycling 's elite class World champion Jorge Lorenzo has to settle for third after being passed by Dani Pedrosa
Editor 's note : Abby Houck is a 2011 Cancer for College scholarship recipient who received $ 3,000 toward her senior year . She was diagnosed with Leukemia in 2001 and graduated in 2012 from the University of Washington with a degree in communications . Houck now works for Cancer for College as director of special projects . Special to CNN  -- The nonprofit Cancer for College not only provided me with a college scholarship , but it also showed me that goals can be accomplished regardless of adversity . Going to a good college was always high on my agenda . I was in the third grade when I received my first all A 's report card . Little did I know receiving grades like this was about to get a whole lot harder , in fact nearly impossible . That summer I was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia . For the next two years my brain would be pummeled with doses of chemotherapy , which would forever change my memory and cognitive ability . Completing my education was one of the hardest and most tumultuous experiences of my life . Between missing two of the most crucial years of school as well as having my brain fried with chemo , just remembering my locker number became a challenge . Yet even though my ability to learn had changed , I always believed that if I worked hard enough I would overcome these setbacks and reach my goal of a college education . In winter 2009 I was officially accepted to the University of Washington . This was not only a monumental moment for me , but for my parents as well , for every time I had a setback in the classroom they had to watch me struggle through it . My acceptance letter could have been bittersweet . Having a child with cancer not only took a toll on my family mentally , but also financially . Over the course of my life my parents had been saving money for me to attend college , yet because of the unexpected costs of treatment , much of that money was used to simply keep me alive . That is where Cancer for College made a difference for my entire family : No longer did my parents have to be stressed about how they were going to afford my tuition , they instead could focus on my happiness in moving forward to a new adventure . Providing college scholarships to cancer survivors is not just about helping a child who has battled a deadly disease ; it 's also about giving an opportunity to someone who , each time they were faced with hardship , had the courage and determination to prevail . Cancer for College understands the multiple obstacles cancer survivors face , and promotes the fundamental need to give survivors the education they deserve in order to make an impact in this world . Having Cancer for College believe in my college dreams made a vast impact on my life and on the lives of countless other cancer survivors .	Abby Houck is a 2009 Cancer for College Scholarship Recipient Houck battled acute lymphoblastic leukemia as a child Medical bills for Houck left the family with few resources for a college education
CNN  -- No. 1 Florida State re-emerged in the second half and rallied to defeat No. 2 Auburn 34-31 in the BCS National Championship college football game on Monday in Pasadena , California . The Seminoles  13-0  outscored the Tigers  12-2  24-10 after halftime to win their third national title . It was FSU 's second BCS crown and third national title . Heisman Trophy winner and FSU quarterback Jameis Winston was 20-for-35 for 237 yards and two touchdowns , including the game-winner to Kelvin Benjamin with 13 seconds remaining . More great photos from the championship game The fourth quarter turned into a back-and-forth affair . The final 24 points of the game were scored in the last 4:42 of the game . The Tigers appeared to be on the verge of their second title in four seasons when Tre Mason scored a go-ahead touchdown on a determined 37-yard scamper with 1:19 left in the game . But led by Winston , the Seminoles drove 80 yards in seven plays to grab the crown . Who will win next year 's championship ? FSU 's rally included Levonte Whitfield 's 100-yard kickoff return with 4:31 left to put Florida State ahead . The extra point made it 27-24 . Tigers take halftime lead After an early FSU field goal , Auburn scored three straight touchdowns to take a 21-3 lead . But Florida State 's Devonta Freeman scored on a 3-yard run with 1:28 left in the first half to cut the deficit at intermission to 11 . That FSU drive was kept alive by a fourth-down end-around out of punt formation . The only score in the third quarter was a 41-yard field goal by FSU kicker Roberto Aguayo . He also made a 35-yarder in the first period . FSU also got a fourth-quarter TD from Chad Abram on a 11-yard reception with 10:55 remaining . Final BCS game : Thanks for the memories Auburn kicker Cody Parkey 's 22-yard field goal with 4:42 left made the score 24-20 . Auburn quarterback Nick Marshall threw for two touchdowns and ran for one . He was 14-for-27 for 216 yards and one interception . Mason ran for 195 yards on 34 carries . The game was the final championship contest under the current system , which featured the top two teams in the Bowl Championship Series poll . Next season , the top four teams will meet in a playoff where it will take two victories to win the title .	Florida State scored 24 points in the second half to win its third national title Heisman Trophy winner Jameis Winston leads rally with two TD passes Next season the BCS switches to a four-team playoff
CNN  -- A soldier missing in action since a failed attempt to rescue a French hostage in Somalia is most likely dead , France 's defense minister said Monday . The hostage , Denis Allex , also apparently was killed , Defense Minister Jean-Yves le Drian said . French officials had previously confirmed that one soldier died in Friday 's failed attempt to rescue Allex from Islamist militants . On Monday , le Drian said it was likely that a total of two French soldiers were killed . "  Everything points to the fact that the hostage was murdered and that the missing soldier has been killed , " le Drian told CNN affiliate BFM . Al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda-affiliated Islamist movement that has been holding Allex , said Monday that the hostage remained alive in an undisclosed location . The militants also said Monday that a French soldier who had been injured in the attempted rescue had died of his wounds . A Twitter post from Al-Shabaab on Monday showed a purported photograph of that soldier with a message to France 's president : "  Was it worth it ? " On Friday , French forces engaged in a fierce gunbattle with militants in their attempt to rescue Allex , who was a member of the DGSE , France 's equivalent of the CIA and a part of its Defense Ministry . The clashes in Bulo Marer , about 75 miles  120 kilometers  northwest of Mogadishu , the capital , ended with 17 Islamist fighters dead , according to the French Defense Ministry . On Monday , le Drian said the failure of the rescue mission was "  extremely regrettable . " "  The operation almost succeeded , " he told BFM . "  They are very complicated and risky missions , because we are behind enemy lines . " French bid to rescue hostage fails Allex was abducted on July 14 , 2009 , while on a mission in Mogadishu in support of the transitional Somali government , the French Defense Ministry said . French media reports suggest that Denis Allex is a pseudonym for the military serviceman . French officials said they launched the rescue attempt after the terror group failed to negotiate for the hostage 's release for years while holding him in inhumane conditions . CNN 's Nima Elbagir , Dheepthi Namasivayam and Richard A. Greene and journalist Omar Sheikh Nor contributed to this report .	French officials say it is likely two soldiers died and a hostage was killed in a raid in Somalia Militants say the hostage is still alive and being held at an undisclosed location French forces failed to free an intelligence agent held by an al Qaeda-linked group
CNN  -- As beer bottles flew and bonfires burned at the annual Pumpkin Fest in Keene , New Hampshire , over the weekend , those following the events online compared the "  riotous behavior " near Keene State College to protests in Ferguson , Missouri . Their common refrain : a racist double standard in law enforcement response and media coverage that they attempted to mock using hashtags #PumpkinSpiceRiots and #Pumpkinfest , among others . ` Apples to oranges ' Such comparisons are complicated , experts say , because Keene and Ferguson arose from different circumstances . Yes , law enforcement deployed tear gas and rubber bullets at both scenes , but otherwise , the two events are an "  apples to oranges comparison , " said Donna Murch , associate professor of history at Rutgers University in New Jersey . Based on what we know about Keene , the mostly white riots appear to have stemmed from alcohol-fueled parties . Ferguson is an ongoing , organized movement prompted by the shooting death of an unarmed black teen , said Murch , whose research focuses around civil rights , social movements and policing . "  It demeans Ferguson and St. Louis to compare them to Pumpkin Fest , " said Murch , who has spent time with protesters in Missouri . "  While the use of tear gas reflects how normative these militarized population control measures have become , Ferguson is a political movement , and looting  in Keene  is quite different from the civil disobedience we 're seeing in Ferguson . " Sentiments about the militarization of law enforcement echoed throughout social media over the weekend , but they were largely overshadowed by racial discourse . That 's where the conversation took a productive turn , Murch said : by shifting the discussion from comparisons between Ferguson and Keene to differences in how society perceives black and white behavior . "  That kind of comparison is really important because it 's those attitudes that make state violence possible , " Murch said . "  White youth are allowed to be children and have a sense of protection no matter how they behave , while black youth are criminalized by justice system . They 're not allowed to have childhoods . " Perceptions of behavior Those perceptions extend to riots , too , which most people tend to associate with the black community , said Victoria W. Wolcott , director of undergraduate studies at the University of Buffalo-New York and author of "  Race , Riots , and Roller Coasters : The Struggle Over Segregated Recreation in America . " "  Race riots " tends to conjure memories of the Rodney King acquittal or 1967 Detroit , but those are anomalies , Wolcott said . Throughout history , white mobs have perpetrated the majority of racially motivated riots against the black community over integration in public and private life -- from the 1863 draft riots to the civil rights battles of the 1960s . "  It speaks to the notion that white violent behavior is not something talked about or stigmatized in the media or in mainstream society to extent that African-American rioting or looting behavior is , " Wolcott said . Pumpkin Fest was a dramatic version of that because of initial characterizations of crowd behavior as rowdy : vandalization of cars and streets signs , fighting police and setting fires in the streets . White people frequently get "  rowdy " at sporting events or music festivals , but that behavior is not associated with the white community on the whole in the same way that instances of looting or vandalization tend to be associated with the black community , she said . "  White behavior gets normalized , " she said . "  In the African-American community , the long-term complaint is that the behavior of a small number of people stigmatizes the entire race or community . But you do n't hear that same racialized language about small groups of white people that behave badly . They do not stigmatize the community in the same way . " Picking battles Journalism professor Douglas M. McLeod of the University of Wisconsin-Madison agrees that comparing the nature of the two events is "  preposterous , " seeing as Ferguson arose from "  enduring , longstanding " issues related to race and inequality that keep the protests alive , unlike in Keene . But as far as media coverage goes , he sees the two as having more in common than others might believe . Both instances were framed as narratives in which the media strove to maintain neutrality by depicting facts on the ground -- what happened , who was there , how many arrests -- essentially , a story pitting police against the crowd instead of going deep into the themes and issues . "  When we do that , the underlying message is , here 's a group that was creating chaos or disrupting order , and the response of police was to restore order , " said McLeod , whose research focuses on the impact of media coverage in social conflicts . "  If there is justification for being upset about the coverage , it 's the fact that the Ferguson situation was treated so much like the New Hampshire , not that they were treated differently . They were treated like they did n't have enduring issues or evidence to support their frustrations and claims . " He understands the history of discrimination and inequality that gives rise to frustrations when incidents like this occur . But "  If I were them , I 'd pick their battles to focus on the bad coverage in Ferguson , " he said . "  There are a lot of things to be concerned about in racial inequity and discrimination . This may not be the best example case to hold up . "	Experts say what happened in Keene was a riot ; Ferguson is a political movement And yet Pumpkin Fest violence prompted important debate about racial perceptions
CNN  -- Saudi King Abdullah has appointed a woman to the council of ministers for the first time as part of a Cabinet reshuffle , networks including Saudi state-run Channel One reported Saturday . Saudi King Abdullah has appointed a woman to his council of ministers for the first time . King Abdullah announced a new supreme court chief , minister of health , justice minister and information minister as part of the reshuffling , according to Channel One . King Abdullah appointed Noor Al-Fayez to the Saudi Council of Ministers . She will serve in a new position as deputy minister for women 's education . "  I 'm very proud to be nominated and selected for such a prestigious position , " Al-Faiz told CNN on Saturday . "  I hope that other ladies , females , will follow in the future . " "  People are very excited about this , " said Khaled Al-Maeena , editor-in-chief of Arab News , an English-language daily newspaper in Saudi Arabia . "  This sends a clear signal that the King means business . Instead of appointing some bureaucrat , he appointed a woman . " Jamal Khashoggi , editor-in-chief of the Al-Watan Daily newspaper , told CNN the reshuffle signals a major change in his country . "  This is a huge step forward , in education , women 's place in society , " said Khashoggi . Al-Faiz said she 's confident she wo n't just be a token member of the council . "  I think by being the second person after the minister , I think I have enough power to work in the improvement of girls ' education , " she said . The new appointments are the largest council shakeup since King Abdullah took power in 2005 . Maeena also said the other new appointments by King Abdullah were very "  progressive " moves . Some other new appointments were : CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Saudi King Abdullah appoints a woman to council of ministers for first time King appoints Noor Al-Fayez as deputy minister for women 's education Khaled Al-Maeena , editor-in-chief of Arab News , says people "  excited " by move
CNN  -- With land come landslides . While they 're inevitable in many ways , people do n't inevitably have to die because of them . That line of thinking is being raised following Washington state 's disaster in Snohomish County , where at least 17 people died and 49 structures were destroyed after a fast-moving landslide buried a square mile in up to 40 feet of mud . After a smaller landslide struck the same area in 2006 , officials invested millions of dollars to reduce the hazards , and residents felt safe , Snohomish County Emergency Management Director John Pennington contended this week . "  We really did a great job of mitigating , " he told reporters . Officials and many residents have long known they live in landslide country , Pennington said . He cited how a 2010 Natural Hazard Mitigation Plan contains a chapter warning about the same land mass that collapsed a week ago . That tract was labeled as one of several potential "  hot spots . " But no one had foreknowledge of Saturday 's catastrophe , he asserted . "  Sometimes , big events just happen , " Pennington explained . Some experts and residents of Oso , Washington , now take sharp exception with Pennington . As rescue teams still seek survivors in the mud almost a week later , the disaster prompts new questions about how the local government allowed homes and a community to remain in the path of a potential landslide -- a peril that was highlighted as recently as 1999 in a Seattle-based geomorphologist 's report to the Army Corps of Engineers . Landslides are as endemic to the area as earthquakes are to California , experts say . Last week 's landslide occurred on the lush western slopes of the Cascades , where dense forests of 150-foot firs are drenched with 120 inches of rain a year , sprouting a biomass greater than the Amazon rain forests ' , said Ralph Haugerud of the U.S. Geological Survey 's Seattle office . "  This is a valley lined with landslides , going back 14,000 years when the glaciers left , " Haugerud said . "  And before that there were n't any landslides because it was submerged under 3,000 feet of ice . " Experts and residents now wonder whether more aggressive government action is needed for communities near sliding terrain . Washington Gov. Jay Inslee acknowledged the seriousness of a broader review , but said the state has a more urgent matter -- finding additional survivors or bodies first . After that , authorities can then examine events leading to the landslide and how to safeguard against future ones . "  We will get to the answer , " Inslee told CNN this week . "  It 's going to take some time . " Seattle-based geomorphologist Daniel Miller said he would never have built a house around where the disaster occurred . He co-wrote the 1999 report for the Army Corps of Engineers that looked at options to reduce sediments from landslides in the area . The 56-page study identified "  a very large volume of material that could potentially become unstable , " he said this week . "  That 's the portion that appears to have failed in this event , " he said . Miller cautioned that his study never assessed risk . At the same time , he said that he believes his study was shelved by officials who could have done more than they did . U.S. Army Corps of Engineers spokeswoman Patricia Graesser said the study spoke to how people were living in the landslide area but the report was n't a risk assessment of landslide hazards . Rather , the study was designed to look at restoring the ecosystem for the nearby North Fork Stillaguamish River 's fisheries . "  What we 're looking at in those sites is silt entering the river and silt in salmon spawning beds , and could we do something to restore their habitat , " Graesser said . "  It 's documented in there that there was a risk of catastrophic failure and it was documented that people live there . But that was n't the purpose of the study . " The 1999 study clearly states a 60-year history of landslides in the area , notably in 1937 , 1942 , 1951 , 1952 , 1967 and 1988 . "  I currently have no basis for estimating the probable rate or timing of future landslide activity , " Miller 's study states . "  The primary conclusion to be drawn is that mass wasting activity will persist for as long as the river remains at the toe of the landslide . " The proposed restoration project ended with Miller 's study because there was no further funding from Congress and Snohomish County , Graesser said . Though a state ordinance asks counties to map landslide hazards , it has not been translated into zoning restrictions , according to Miller . Local officials apprised residents of the perils as public improvements were made after the 2006 landslide , Pennington said . One resident , however , challenged Pennington 's contention . "  Nobody ever told us that there were geology reports , " Robin Youngblood told CNN . "  This is criminal , as far as I 'm concerned . " While authorities might have done more -- like making sure that all landowners knew about the risk -- that does n't absolve residents who built houses there , Miller said . "  As landowners , we have some responsibility to be aware of our surroundings and their risks , " Miller added . While there were indications that a "  very large " landslide was possible , no one knew how it might happen or how devastating it might be . "  Ultimately , there was no way to know when a landslide would occur , " Miller said . For Miller , the risk was too high . He found it incredulous to see new buildings go up after the 2006 landslide . "  My reaction was to shake my head and say , ` This is nuts , ' " Miller said . Among the attractions for residents is recreational fishing on the nearby river , prized for its trout and salmon , said Haugerud , the research geologist with the U.S. Geological Survey . Housing is also relatively cheap , with the bonus of being in a beautiful mountain valley , he said . Reinforcing the local recreational interests are U.S. treaties with local Native American tribes dating back to the 1800s that ensure adequate fisheries in the river , Haugerud said . The river is often full of anglers in chest waders . "  Fishing is a big deal here in Washington , " Haugerud said . It 's also a place where residents do n't take kindly to government intrusions , he added . "  This is a corner of the world where the majority of the people are very happy not to have much government regulations , " Haugerud said . "  Yet it 's also where we like to have the government tell us that we 're safe . " Laser technology by low-flying aircraft now allows geologists like Haugerud to get a better picture of the topography underneath the dense Cascade forests , he said . But much of that high-definition topography is unstudied , he said . "  We have n't been able to catch up to the data because we have a whole lot more information than we have geologists or that we have funding for geologists , " Haugerud said . Speaking as a Washington state resident -- and not as government geologist -- Haugerud said reforms may be needed to ensure local officials impose stricter regulations in landslide zones . That may mean local governments have to relocate swaths of residences , he said . "  We have home and communities in places where probably there should n't be homes and communities . How do you tell people to move ? " Haugerud asked . Those decisions , he said , "  will be heartbreaking " and "  wo n't be easy . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	A geomorphologist studied the long history of landslides in Snohomish County Officials say they did "  a great job of mitigating " landslide hazards But an expert was incredulous to find homes being built after a 2006 landslide "  My reaction was to shake my head and say , ` This is nuts , ' " he says
CNN  -- Some people take many years to find their calling in life -- but for Adam van Koeverden , it was right in front of him in black and white . On a small section of his local newspaper , the Canadian boy who would become an Olympic champion saw his future flash before him . An advert , in the otherwise unremarkable Oakville Beaver , had caught his mother 's eye . It was calling out for the next kayak superstar -- and her son had already tried everything else without much success . "  It was one of those turning points in your life where you look back and you 're like , ` Wow that day really changed the rest of my life quite significantly , ' " van Koeverden told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  It was a long time ago now . I wonder what would have happened with me and where I 'd be today if instead of that newspaper article , my mum was reading something different or brought me down to another sports club ? Or did n't at all ? I think about that a lot . " As a 13-year-old who had tried his hand at a whole host of sports including soccer , basketball and volleyball , it was the kayak which caught the imagination of a determined teenager . After his first foray into the world of paddling , there was never a chance he 'd turn back . "  Every kid wants to have something to brag about . I tried out for all the teams growing up but I just was n't really showing any signs of any athletic prowess , " van Koeverden said . "  In kayaking it was the sort of a thing I could go out there and practice on my own . It took a lot of concentration . " Unknown quantity Some 18 years have passed since he first picked up a paddle , but van Koeverden has lost none of the boyish enthusiasm which propelled him from an unknown to one of the sport 's most famous stars . From arriving as a virtual unknown at the 2004 Athens Olympics , where he won gold in the K1 500-meter event and bronze in the K1 1,000-meter race , he went on to establish himself as an icon of the sport . But even now , with four Olympic medals , two World Championship wins and 26 World Cup stage victories to his name , van Koeverden is still desperate for more success . The opportunity to compete at Rio in 2016 is a huge lure for the man who grew up dreaming of the day he would compete at the greatest Games on earth . And at the age of 31 , that dream still remains -- perhaps burning even stronger . Rio Games "  I 've definitely committed to Rio , " he said . "  I 'm training like I 'm training for the Olympics , and it 's just difficult committing to something that 's so far away . "  I really have enjoyed the process of diversification and trying new things but I ca n't really get away from the fact that I 'm a kayaker and I love to race , and there 's a big race happening in Brazil in a couple of years ' time . "  I 'm not going to be too old for it . I do n't want to retire ... but I do n't want to be washed up . I do n't want to be the old guy on the water . "  I do n't want to think about retirement and I hope the next phase of my life is just as rewarding and provides me with the same opportunity to work hard . " Climbing peaks Van Koeverden has stood on top of the world -- in more ways than one -- but he has not lost sight of the smaller things in life . The man who walked into Beijing 's Bird Nest stadium holding the Maple Leaf aloft in 2008 is now busy flying the flag for children across the world who can only dream of becoming a Olympic hero . In November last year , van Koeverden climbed Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania for charity Right to Play . By ascending the world 's tallest freestanding mountain -- its peak is 5,895 meters  19,336 feet  above sea level -- he and six others helped to raise over $ 100,000 for children across the world . The scheme runs a whole host of educational programs which include seminars on AIDS and HIV , conflict resolution , healthy active living , sanitation and cleanliness . Van Koeverden proudly sports a "  Right to Play " sticker on his kayak -- something which he is often asked about . "  When I 'm racing my boat in Europe people always ask me , ` Is that like a gaming site , are they like your sponsors ? ' "  It 's a good conversation starter because they do n't know it 's a charity that I do some work with . "  They 're a children-focused charity that is helping to improve lives for those who are n't fortunate enough to be able to say that they can take sport and play for granted . "  Unfortunately it 's not something everybody globally can take for granted . "  When I was 13 , I just wandered into a canoe club and had access to a competitive sport with great coaching and great facility . "  That 's just not available to everybody , so it 's great that the Right to Play is bridging that gap and leveling the playing field . " A bigger picture Despite a hectic competition schedule and his constant traveling , the opportunity to help others remains a driving force for van Koeverden . "  It comes down to priorities , " he added . "  I 'm tremendously fortunate to be able to do a sport for my living and be a full-time athlete , so any spare time that I have , I should be able to devote to these sorts of efforts . "  It 's easy to turn a blind eye or forget when you 're so focused on moving a kayak , like how obscure that is and how selfish it is in the long run because , really , I ca n't think of a more selfish sport . "  I 'm in a little boat all by myself out on the water paddling as fast I can every single day just so I can go and win a kayak race . "  While I feel very fortunate , I also know there 's a bigger picture and there 's other things out there that we need to consider and if I can be a part of that then I will . "	Adam van Koeverden is an Olympic kayak champion The Canadian has won four Olympic medals and two world titles He took up the sport as a 13-year-old after spotting advert in local newspaper Now 31 , he is aiming to win gold at Rio 2016 Olympics
Harrisburg , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- A judge ruled Tuesday that Penn State 's former president and two senior administrators will face trial on obstruction of justice and other charges related to the Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse scandal . The decision followed a two-day preliminary hearing in Harrisburg that wrapped up on Tuesday . This is "  a tragic day for Penn State University , to say the least , " Judge William Wenner said . State prosecutors allege that former President Graham Spanier , former Athletic Director Tim Curley and former Senior Vice President Gary Schultz all knew about two allegations made against Sandusky in 1998 and in 2001 , but lied about their knowledge when a grand jury convened several years later . All three men have pleaded not guilty to the charges against them . Sandusky , 68 , was convicted in June 2012 on 45 counts of child sex abuse , ranging from corruption of minors to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse . He was sentenced to 30 to 60 years in prison . Penn State OKs settlements for Sandusky victims E-mails that surfaced during Penn State 's internal investigation into Sandusky 's actions led , in part , to criminal charges of perjury , obstruction of justice and failure to report child abuse against the three school officials . The communications touch on a 2001 incident involving the former assistant football coach 's encounter with a boy in a shower on the Penn State campus . Afterward , the e-mails show , the men decided to ask Sandusky to stop bringing children from his charity into the locker rooms at the school . Paterno family and others file lawsuit against NCAA At least three of Sandusky 's known victims were abused after 2001 , according to testimony at last year 's trial of former Nittany Lions defensive coordinator . Attorneys for the three accused former Penn State administrators claim there is no evidence of a cover-up . Yet prosecutors have characterized their action as a conscious decision not to call police . "  There was a conspiracy of silence , " prosecutor Bruce Beemer said during this week 's hearing . "  They are not relieved of criminal responsibility because their conspiracy worked for 10 years . " Those testifying during the recent hearing included Mike McQueary . He was a Penn State graduate assistant coach in 2001 when he witnessed the allegedly illicit shower encounter between Sandusky and a boy that 's central to the prosecution 's case . McQueary said , for the first time , that late iconic head football coach Joe Paterno had mentioned Sandusky was a "  sick " guy in passing several times in the decade between that incident and when Sandusky was charged in 2011 . Paterno died the following month . Paterno told him , McQueary testified , that Penn State administrators had "  screwed it up " when talking about the 2001 investigation . Curley 's attorney , Caroline Roberto , said this testimony was inconsistent with all if the other testimony and statements McQueary has given in the past three years . Dan McGinn , a spokesman for the Paterno family , said he does n't think McQueary 's testimony was truthful . "  Someone can tell you there was a private conversation about anything , " McGinn said . "  We 're clear about what we think Joe Paterno did . " A trial date for Spanier , Curley and Schultz has not been set , though Schultz 's lawyer Tom Farrell said that he expected it will begin in March . All three men are set to be tried together . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Penn State 's ex-president , 2 other former administrators will stand trial This is "  a tragic day for Penn State University , to say the least , " judge says They are accused of covering up sex abuse allegations against Jerry Sandusky They pleaded not guilty to perjury , obstruction , failure to report child abuse charges
CNN  -- North Carolina State University women 's basketball coach Kay Yow , who won more than 700 games in nearly four decades of coaching , died Saturday after a long struggle with breast cancer , the university said . North Carolina State University 's Kay Yow , in 1996 , was one of only six coaches to amass 700 wins . She was 66 . Yow , who was in her 38th season as a coach , had amassed numerous awards , including inductions into the Women 's Basketball Hall of Fame and the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame . In her 34 years on the sidelines for the Wolfpack , her teams won four Atlantic Coast Conference titles , averaged 20 wins a season , appeared in 20 of 27 NCAA tournaments and reached the Final Four in 1998 . She was one of only six coaches in the women 's game to win at least 700 games , the university said . She also coached the 1988 women 's Olympic basketball team to a gold medal in Seoul , South Korea . Yow was beloved by her players , colleagues and fans , and in 2007 , N.C. State christened the court in Raleigh 's Reynolds Coliseum in her name . Since being diagnosed with breast cancer in 1987 , Yow had been active in efforts to raise awareness and money to battle the disease , which forced her to miss two games during the 2004-05 season and another 16 in the 2006-07 season , the university said . She helped establish the Kay Yow/WBCA Cancer Fund , which raised money for the cause . About three weeks ago , Yow announced that she was stepping away from coaching duties for the remainder of the 2008-09 season , after missing four straight games because of an extremely low energy level . "  Stepping away from coaching is one of the hardest decisions I have had to make , " Yow said January 6 , according to N.C. State . "  Even though I do n't feel well enough to coach , I 'm hopeful to feel well enough to attend some ACC games and show my support for the team as well as N.C. State University , " she added . Yow was born in 1942 in Gibsonville , North Carolina , about 16 miles outside Greensboro . She began coaching at local high schools in 1964 before Elon University hired her . N.C. State hired her in 1975 . "  It has been an honor and a privilege to work with Coach Yow for the last 15 seasons . I suddenly find myself grasping to retain everything she has ever said and ever taught me , " interim head coach Stephanie Glance said , according to the university . The team 's game against Wake Forest University , which was scheduled for Monday , has been postponed until February 10 in Winston-Salem , the university said .	Women 's basketball coach dies at 66 after struggle with breast cancer Yow 's North Carolina State teams won 4 ACC titles , reached Final Four Yow coached the 1988 women 's Olympic basketball team to a gold medal in Seoul Yow helped establish the Kay Yow/WBCA Cancer Fund
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- The impact of the oil spill in the Gulf Coast is starting to be made vivid by the steady flow of still images and video that capture this catastrophe . For example , Phillippe Cousteau , the grandson of Capt. Jacques-Yves Cousteau , dove into the oil spill , wearing protective gear . He captured horrifying video images of what has been taking place beneath the sea . A debate is already unfolding about whether President Obama has been effective in his response . Is this Obama 's Katrina , as some commentators have asked ? The president has come under fire , primarily from Republicans , but also from a growing number of environmental advocates , for being too slow to act . Recent news reports have revealed the Obama administration has been as negligent in its oversight of drilling as the previous administration . The debate over President Obama 's performance will continue , and his success or failure at stopping the gusher will determine how much damage this disaster inflicts on his presidency . But there is another , more significant , question that Democrats and Republicans in Congress must address -- and that is the policy origins of this disaster . Indeed , one of the most important aspects of Katrina was not simply how President Bush did or did not handle the aftermath of the hurricane , but rather , how American politicians in both parties had allowed a once-vibrant city to decay so dramatically over the past decades . Many Americans were shocked to see the kind of devastating poverty in which so many New Orleans residents lived . With the BP spill , the question revolves around deregulation . As with the financial meltdown in the fall 2008 , the oil spill highlights the cost of weakening regulations -- in this case , those rules that had been adopted to safeguard the environment . For over four decades , some conservatives and centrist Democrats have waged war on the environmental infrastructure that was put into place during the 1960s and 1970s  including under Republican President Nixon  . At first , President Reagan hoped to directly overturn as many environmental regulations as possible . He appointed James Watt as secretary of Interior and Anne Gorsuch as the head of the Environmental Protection Agency , both of whom opposed many aspects of the environmental movement . Yet Reagan 's efforts to eliminate the regulatory apparatus largely failed . He ran up against an environmental movement that was far more powerful than he expected . His efforts against the regulations in fact stimulated the movement to become even more active . The next strategy for his administration was to start weakening oversight , using administrative decisions to protect industry and undermine the quality of the agencies responsible for these programs . Watt and Gorsuch , for example , did n't fight against proposed budget cuts that would clearly strain the capacity of their employees and accepted cost-benefit analyses that favored industry . Gorsuch boasted that under her leadership , the EPA reduced the size of the clean water regulations manual from six inches to half an inch The EPA did n't make sure that companies were complying with regulations such as requirements to use modern pollution control equipment . This pattern continued under President George W. Bush . As the contributors of my forthcoming book , "  The Presidency of George W. Bush : The First Historical Assessment  Princeton University Press  " have argued , Bush administration officials frequently rejected scientific expertise when making decisions and staffed bureaucratic positions with people who were not sympathetic to the goals of their own organization . The Minerals Management Service is a poster child for the effects of these policies . This MMS , which had the responsibility of monitoring these oil rigs , has been rendered ineffective . Engineers have dominated decision-making over the scientists . When some U.S. policymakers were insisting on the use of a better shut-off mechanism a few years ago , the MMS , convinced by the complaints of the oil industry , rejected their proposals . Congressional hearings recently revealed that the agency let industry officials complete their own inspection forms . They also accepted gifts from the companies they were supposed to be monitoring . Though he ran on a campaign of change , President Obama 's administration has essentially allowed this deregulatory strategy to continue . Not long before the spill , Obama had announced his support for an expansion of offshore drilling . According to The New York Times , that announcement caught even oil industry officials by surprise . They were expecting new restrictions , and after the spill , the Times reported , the government continued to give environmental waivers to Gulf oil drilling projects . Even worse , it has done so for projects using the same kind of techniques that were used by BP in the Gulf . Secretary of Interior Ken Salazar has come under fire as well for suggesting that his agency did not envision any major change in oil and gas production . Even some Republicans are slowly rethinking the consequences of deregulation in this area . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , desperate for the help of the government that he has so often derided , has complained that the president has not done enough . Jindal 's spokesman said that "  while BP is the responsible party , the federal government needs to ensure that they are indeed held accountable and responsible ... " June 11 would have been Jacques Cousteau 's 100th birthday . Certainly Cousteau would be weeping if he could see the kind of damage that is being caused by the spill . President Obama must not only stop this immediate leak , but must be certain to fix the policies that allowed this kind of risky drilling to take place . This does not just entail putting new rules on the books but also making sure they will be enforced . Only then can the government diminish the risk of this happening again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian E. Zelizer .	For decades , some have argued for deregulating industries such as the oil industry Julian Zelizer says lax regulations helped set the stage for the massive Gulf oil spill He says Obama administration had largely followed Bush administration in lax regulation Zelizer : Government needs to impose new rules and make sure they are enforced
A young rising star . A keynote speech on the Democratic Party 's biggest stage . Is it 2004 again ? San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro gave the most significant speech of his political career on Tuesday night when he became the first Latino to deliver the keynote address at the Democratic National Convention . "  My grandmother did n't live to see us begin our lives in public service . But she probably would 've thought it extraordinary that just two generations after she arrived in San Antonio , one grandson would be the mayor and the other would be on his way -- the good people of San Antonio willing -- to the United States Congress , " Castro said in his speech , referring to his twin brother , Joaquin . "  My family 's story is n't special . What 's special is the America that makes our story possible . "  Ours is a nation like no other -- a place where great journeys can be made in a single generation ... no matter who you are or where you come from , the path is always forward . " Comparisons to the 2004 Barack Obama are inevitable . The then-Illinois state Sen. Obama gave the same address in Boston , launching him onto the fast track for the presidential nomination four years later . Castro , 37 , shrugs off the similarities and talk that he could eventually become the first Hispanic president . DNC speech to focus on Mexican American family experience "  Oh , I would be lying if I said that 's not flattering . Of course it 's flattering to anybody , " he said last week from San Antonio . "  But the biggest mistake I can make in this situation is to believe the press , to believe the hype . " That humble response can be attributed to his modest upbringing . Castro 's grandmother immigrated to Texas from Mexico as an orphan at the age of six . She taught herself to read and write in Spanish , eventually finding work in San Antonio as a maid and a cook . Castro 's mother , Rosie Castro , learned a tough lesson at a young age while in school in San Antonio , where her teachers discouraged speaking Spanish . "  They would charge us a quarter if you were caught speaking Spanish , and incidentally that 's how much lunch cost , " Rosie Castro said . "  We were put down so often that the message was clear -- Spanish was a bad language that should n't be spoken . " As a result , Julian Castro and his brother , Joaquin , grew up in a home where Spanish was rarely spoken . Neither speaks the language fluently . "  I understand Spanish better than I speak it , " Julian Castro admits . It was Rosie Castro who inspired Julian 's political future . While in college she became president of the Young Democrats at Our Lady of the Lake University in San Antonio . Out of college , she joined the Chicano movement , working with the "  La Raza Unida Party " to fight for reforms beneficial to the Mexican-American community . In 1971 , Rosie ran for San Antonio City Council and lost the race . Along the way , though , she took her sons to various community and political events where they witnessed battles for voting rights and an end to discrimination on city services . "  I dragged them to every meeting , rally and voting booth , " Rosie Castro said . "  They helped me on different campaigns and handed out literature . I wanted them to realize it is your duty to be involved . " Now , less than two weeks shy of his 38th birthday , Julian Castro , a graduate of Stanford University and Harvard 's Law School , is the youngest mayor of a Top 50 American city . At age 26 , he was the youngest councilman ever elected in San Antonio . Joaquin Castro , who introduced his twin Tuesday night , is a politician in his own right -- currently running for the House of Representatives in a contest Democratic leaders expect him to win . "  Since they were young , I imagined they would do great things , " Rosie Castro said of her sons . A source familiar with Julian Castro 's speech set the bar high for the San Antonio mayor , saying it was akin to Obama 's career-making 2004 address . Castro himself says he 'll focus on his own story of achieving the American dream . Who is the next Obama ? He drew a link for those working to write their own success story , addressing what he said in an interview was the "  clear choice that voters have in this election , and why the policies that President Obama has put forth make more sense to creating opportunity , bringing the middle class back , and assuring prosperity in the future . " "  We need to make a choice . It 's a choice ... between a country where the middle class pays more , so that millionaires can pay less ... or a country where everybody pays their fair share . It 's a choice between a nation that slashes funding for our schools and guts Pell grants ... or a nation that invests more in education . It 's a choice between a politician who rewards companies that ship American jobs overseas ... or a leader who brings jobs back home , " Castro said . "  This is the choice before us . And to me , to my generation , and for all the generations that will come after us , our choice is clear . Our choice is a man who 's always chosen us . A man who already is our president -- Barack Obama . " The choice of Castro for the convention 's keynote address is strategic in an election where the Latino vote will be key . Obama handily won the demographic 's vote in 2008 over Republican John McCain and it will be pivotal for him to do the same in November . The Romney campaign also knows the importance of Hispanic voters . Last week 's GOP convention in Tampa had no shortage of prominent Latino speakers , including Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , a Cuban-American who was among those in consideration for Romney 's vice presidential pick . Obama 's advantage over Romney among the politically imperative demographic remains steady from previous months , with the president taking 61 % to Romney 's 29 % of registered Latino voters ' support in August , according to a Gallup survey . Romney 's campaign has publicly identified a "  magic number " for the Latino vote if the former Massachusetts governor has a chance of winning the election : 38 % . McCain garnered 31 % of the Latino vote in 2008 . But Latino interest in the 2012 election appears to be lagging . Compared with the 2008 election cycle , Hispanic interest levels in 2012 are 10 points behind where they were in the previous election , according to an NBC-Wall Street Journal-Telemundo poll conducted in July . Amid the lagging support , the White House announced in June a bold new policy that halts deportations of some young immigrants who came to America illegally as children . The policy is a "  temporary " measure that allows eligible immigrants to apply for work permits and deportation deferral for a two-year period . Castro acknowledges with a smile the strategy behind his prominent speaking role : "  Obviously I 'm young and I 'm also Hispanic , two important groups in this election . And I 'm confident that I can do a good job in articulating why President Obama ought to be the candidate that Americans select for the next four years . " Since being elected in 2009 , Castro has built a reputation as "  a youthful and dynamic leader here in town , " says Walter Wilson , assistant professor of political science at the University of Texas-San Antonio . "  In a lot of ways , this speech is an initial test on the national stage , " Wilson says , predicting that if Castro is successful at the convention , it gives the party a new confidence that he indeed is a rising Democratic star . "  It 's definitely a symbolically significant speech for the mayor . It sets the tone for where the Democratic Party thinks its future is headed , " Wilson said . San Antonio Republicans are skeptical of Castro 's broader appeal , with one San Antonio official calling him a "  typical young , energetic liberal Democrat . " He "  believes in big government , tax and spend , and those type of things , " said Steve Heinrich , treasurer of the Republican Party of Bexar County . George Rodriguez , president of the Tea Party of San Antonio , echoed those comments . "  He 's a tax-and-spend liberal . He does not represent all Hispanics , we 're not all the same , " Rodriguez said . Before his speech , the young mayor Tuesday appeared to be more nervous about using a teleprompter for only the second time rather than for the high expectations surrounding his address . "  In the end , the American dream is not a sprint , or even a marathon , but a relay , " Castro said . "  Our families do n't always cross the finish line in the span of one generation . But each generation passes on to the next the fruits of their labor . My grandmother never owned a house . She cleaned other people 's houses so she could afford to rent her own . But she saw her daughter become the first in her family to graduate from college . And my mother fought hard for civil rights so that instead of a mop , I could hold this microphone . " Democrats to highlight Obama 's tough decisions	San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro delivers the convention 's keynote speech Tuesday The rising Democratic star drew comparisons to 2004 speech by then-rising star Obama Castro touts his own story of achieving the American dream His prominent speaking role is strategic in an election where the Latino vote is key
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A California fertility doctor implanted a dozen embryos in Nadya Suleman , resulting in "  an unsafe octuplet delivery " last year , a lawyer for the state 's medical board said Monday . Dr. Michael Kamrava , the fertility doctor who treated Suleman beginning in 1997 , appeared before an administrative law judge Monday for a hearing that could lead to the loss of his medical license . Kamrava "  will say she demanded all 12 embryos and , because it was the weekend , he did not know what to do , " said California Deputy Attorney General Judith Alvarado . "  But he knew it was unsafe . " Suleman -- known in the media as "  Octomom " -- was 33 years old when she gave birth to eight babies in January 2009 . She was a single woman who already had six young children conceived through in-vitro fertilization administered by Kamrava . She still has 29 frozen embryos in storage available for her use should she want more children , according to a witness who testified Monday . His lawyer argued that Kamrava has been "  a respected , excellent physician and surgeon for 25 years , " but that he "  ran into sort of a perfect storm with one of his patients . " Dr. Victor Fujimoto , an expert witness called by the medical board on Monday , testified that Suleman apparently asked Kamrava to implant a dozen embryos in July 2008 . "  As I understand , she requested it , " Fujimoto said . When Alvarado asked him if it is not a doctor 's responsibility to protect a patient from themselves , he answered "  Sometimes . " The Medical Board of California 's complaint said the doctor should have referred Suleman to a mental health physician after she repeatedly returned to him for treatments shortly after each of her pregnancies . "  The whole series of contacts raise red flags with the stability of the patient herself and the overall intent of the patient , " said Fujimoto . Kamrava was expelled from the American Society for Reproductive Medicine last year for what the fertility medical society called "  a pattern of behavior that violated the group 's standards . " The society recommends implanting no more than two embryos for women under 35 years old and no more than five for women over 40 -- who have more trouble getting pregnant -- according to guidelines published on its website . "  Because of what 's happened , he does now adhere strictly to these guidelines , " defense lawyer Henry Fenton told the judge Monday . Fujimoto testified that Kamrava 's implantation of 12 embryos in July 2008 was "  gross negligence . " "  I can not imagine any colleague of mine transferring that many , " he said Giving birth to extreme multiples comes with tremendous risks for the mother and the babies , including "  complications with pregnancy , prematurity and long-term consequences of that . " Suleman 's children -- six boys and two girls born nine weeks premature -- all went home after an extended stay in the hospital . While there has been no indication any problems have emerged , "  we still do n't know , " Fujimoto said . Kamrava , an obstetrician/gynecologist in Beverly Hills , California , is accused of gross negligence and repeated negligent acts in the treatment of a patient named in the medical board complaint only by her initials , N.S. Suleman has identified Kamrava as her doctor in interviews . He is also accused of negligence in another case in which a patient developed a "  quadruplet pregnancy that was rocked with complications , " according to the medical board .	NEW : Suleman has 29 embryos she could still use Medical board says doctor placed a dozen embryos in Nadya Suleman Doctor was allegedly "  grossly negligent " in treating Suleman Suleman already had six children when she gave birth to octuplets
CNN  -- FIFA has been getting a kicking off the pitch in recent weeks -- now it 's trying to resolve a turf war . World football 's governing body is set to hold talks with team representatives over plans to hold the 2015 World Cup on artificial turf . Earlier this year a number of players -- including Brazilian star Marta , world player of the year Nadine Angerer and Team USA 's all-time leading scorer Abby Wambach launched a court case against the Canadian Soccer Association  CSA  and FIFA with the Ontario Human Rights tribunal over the decision not to hold the tournament on grass pitches . The group claims that the CSA and FIFA are guilty of sexual discrimination -- a charge both organizations have flatly rejected . Players are also concerned artificial turf leads to a higher risk of injury and greater wear and tear on their bodies . Now Jerome Valcke , the secretary general of FIFA , is set to speak with players and coaches at the World Cup draw on December 6 in Ottawa about the matter . A FIFA spokesman told CNN : "  What we can confirm is that the FIFA General Secretary will meet with all the team representatives present during his stay on the occasion of the Official Draw in Ottawa . " U.S. lawyer Hampton Dellinger , who is representing the players , wrote to the general secretary last week outlining the position of his clients . "  The players and their representatives are prepared to discuss their proposal for funding and installing the highest quality temporary grass fields , much like the ones used in prior World Cups , " said Dellinger in a letter sent to Valcke last week . "  We can also talk about the use of goal-line technology . Since men 's World Cups now feature goal-line technology -- which FIFA describes as "  crucial ... in supporting the match officials " -- so too should the women 's tournament . "  Regardless of whether FIFA 's prior unwillingness to speak with the players resulted from its financial ties to the artificial turf industry or some other factor , we appreciate you now offering ` open channels of communication ' and ` open dialogue ' with the players . "  We hope you will keep your word by speaking with the players on or about December 6 so that together we can resolve the dispute and have a World Cup worthy of the amazing athletes who are the key to its success . " Dellinger told CNN on Monday that he was "  pleased " Valcke would "  keep his word and begin an ` open dialogue with the players regarding competition conditions at the Women 's World Cup . "  As he should know , a number of the leading women 's players will be in Brazil on December 6th preparing for a tournament , " Dellinger added . "  Others are participating for club teams around the world . The players will provide times when they are available to speak with Mr. Valcke by phone around the date of the official draw . We are hopeful that the Canadian Soccer Association and broadcasters such as Fox Sports will join the discussion . " Independent consultant Professor Eric Harrison , who traveled to Canada earlier this year to inspect the stadiums and training pitches for the World Cup , believes the harsh weather conditions in northern latitudes make "  preparing natural turf particularly challenging . " "  The majority of stadiums in Canada have accepted that only football turf is a credible surface to meet the demands of the weather and usage , " Harrison told FIFA 's website . Harrison also argues trying to lay natural turf on top of artificial pitches could prove difficult -- and potentially dangerous for the players . "  For the natural turf to be successful , the roots have to penetrate to form a stable surface , " added Harrison . "  Where this has been attempted , the roots have not penetrated and the natural turf surface begins to slide on top of the artificial turf surface . " Mia Hamm , who scored 158 goals for Team USA and won the 1999 World Cup , told CNN that she believes the tournament should be played on grass . "  I 've played on both and I prefer grass , " she said . "  I do n't think by any means this is the Canadian Federation looking to discriminate in any way . "  I understand why a lot of their fields are artificial surfaces based on the amount of play and the weather . "  These are the best players in the world playing in their biggest tournament , I just think it should be played on grass . I 'm just hoping FIFA does the right thing . "  From a player that 's played on both , I prefer playing on grass . There are certain aspects of the game that are just truer on grass . " Dellinger has invited television broadcast partners as well as sponsors to the talks , while the players have also agreed to using a mediator to "  facilitate discussion . " In an interview with his organization 's own website in October , Valcke stressed that FIFA remains "  committed " to producing the best possible tournament . He said that the CSA proposed that the tournament be played on artificial turf and insists it is of the highest quality . Valcke said : "  As has already been explained , this is not a question of money , or of differences between men 's and women 's events , but it is a matter of the natural conditions in Canada . "  We want to guarantee consistent top-level playing conditions for all 24 teams during the event , both in the official stadiums and at the training sites . This has been the sole reason behind the decision to play on artificial turf from day one . " The tournament , which will be held in Canada , involves 24 nations and takes place from June 6 to July 5 .	Women 's World Cup set to take place in Canada next year Tournament will involve 24 different nations FIFA says matches will be played on artificial turf Leading female players want games played on grass
CNN  -- For about 13 minutes , Team USA sat at the top of its World Cup soccer group , ahead of the mighty Germany and star-powered Portugal . Then Portugal struck back . With seconds left to play , Cristiano Ronaldo set up a header for his teammate Silvestre Varela , leaving the final score tied at 2-2 . It was a harsh blow for the Americans , but it does not end their World Cup dreams -- it just makes them harder to achieve . With every team in Brazil now having played two matches , most groups now have clear winners and losers . But not Group G . In theory , any of the four teams in the group of Germany , the United States , Ghana and Portugal could still qualify for the knockout round . Here 's how it could work for the United States . It plays Germany , the group leader , on Thursday . Third-ranked Ghana plays Portugal at the same time . If the United States beats Germany : The Americans qualify for the knockout stage . Team USA would get three points for the victory , giving it seven . No other team in the group can match that , so the Americans go through to the next stage . Is that likely ? It 's possible , but it 's not likely . Germany is the No. 2-ranked team in the world , and it has n't lost a game yet this World Cup . The Americans have n't lost a game either , though . If the United States ties with Germany : Both teams go through to the knockout stage . Each would get a point for the draw , giving them five points each . No matter who wins the Ghana-Portugal match , neither team can end up with more than four points . Is that likely ? The odds are n't bad . Ghana held Germany to a draw Friday , proving that it can be done . Germany and the United States have each won one and drawn one . If the United States loses to Germany : It 's bad , but even that 's not necessarily game over . Germany would definitely finish at the top of the group , and second place would depend both on how badly the Americans lose and what the margin of victory is in the Ghana-Portugal game . If the two teams draw , then the Americans come in second place . If Portugal wins by a narrow margin , USA still comes second in the group and goes through . But if Ghana wins by two or more , it 'll be the Africans and not the Americans who advance -- making this the third World Cup in a row where Ghana eliminates Team USA . Monday 's matches Brazil and Mexico advanced to the Round of 16 with victories Monday while the Netherlands ' win over Chile gave it the top spot in its group and the South Americans second place . Brazil continued its undefeated streak at home , cruising past hapless Cameroon 4-1 and earning the top spot in Group A . The Sele   # o will face Chile on Saturday in the Round of 16 . The Netherlands , which downed Chile 2-0 in Group B , will face Mexico , 3-1 winners over Croatia , on Sunday . Already-eliminated Spain avoided total embarrassment Monday by cruising past Australia 3-0 . Here 's a quick catch-up on which teams have already qualified for the knockout stage and which ones can not : Through : Brazil Mexico Netherlands Chile Colombia Costa Rica Argentina Belgium Out : Croatia Spain Australia Cameroon England Honduras Bosnia and Herzegovina World Cup schedule of matches CNN 's Patrick Sung contributed to this report .	Sunday 's tie with Portugal makes it more difficult for USA to achieve its World Cup dreams The Americans secure a place if they beat or draw with Germany Netherlands tops Group B with victory over Chile NEW : Brazil , Mexico advance to the Round of 16 with convincing victories
Washington  CNN  Ann Romney , the wife of former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney , condemned South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley 's Democratic challenger after he mistakenly called her a "  whore " -- and then chuckled . "  When I first heard about it , it hit me right in my gut , " Romney said in a Monday phone interview with CNN . "  My nerve endings went haywire . It 's so upsetting when you know someone can say something like that about a woman , and not have any kind of reaction . It 's so unacceptable . Nikki is a great girl and has been a great governor . " The Democrat , Vincent Sheheen , made the comment at a campaign event late last week in Florence . In the midst of attacking Haley 's education record , Sheheen stumbled over his words and told the crowd , "  We are going to escort whore out the door . " The slip-of-the-tongue was clearly accidental , and Sheheen immediately corrected himself , saying , "  We 're going to escort her out the door . " But when some in the audience picked up on the verbal faux pas and started applauding , Sheheen grinned and laughed along with people in the crowd . Video of the event went viral . Sheheen apologized for the moment in a radio interview on Monday . "  But if anybody heard , and certainly my words were garbled ... I apologize because I do n't want to send that message to anybody , " he said , according to The State newspaper . Haley leads Sheheen by double digits in recent polling and is expected to win a second term next week . Romney , who came to know Haley during the 2012 presidential campaign when she was one of the Mitt Romney 's top GOP supporters , said she spoke to the governor by phone about the flare-up . Romney said the incident is discouraging to women who want to be in the political arena . Haley , she noted , weathered attacks on her personal life and her Indian-American heritage in past campaigns . "  We need to make sure we have a safe place so that other women can feel like they can do this and these kinds of things are n't going to happen to them , " Romney said . "  You get so sick of saying there is bias out there , but if a Republican had said this , it would be blowing up in their face like nobody 's business . Where is EMILY 's List ? Where is N.O.W. ? Where are they ? " Romney aides made her available for an interview on Sheheen 's comments . Her remarks come amid heightened interest in whether her husband will launch a third bid for the White House . She said the family has no timeline for making a decision . "  A lot of people are talking about it , but honestly Mitt and I are n't , " Romney said . "  Mitt has been very clear . Events may change . We do n't see them changing . But you are never going to say never . Right now we are looking to see these other candidates come forward . " Ann Romney still done with 2016 , but never say never She offered a larger critique of the so-called Republican "  war on women " -- a campaign strategy that Democrats used to devastating effect against Romney in 2012 . Romney argued that the message has lost its potency in 2014 , though Democrats say women 's issues have kept them in the hunt in several tight Senate races from Colorado to North Carolina . "  People are saying , this is n't working anymore , " Romney said . "  It was a ploy in the last election . I think they thought it was effective , and they are trying again this cycle . But I hope the electorate is getting tired of these broad brush statements that work on people 's emotions , that are inaccurate , that try to marginalize one candidate or another . I get even more upset when I see other women trying to use these tactics and approaches . We have to be better than that . " Romney said women voters care about a broad array of issues -- national security , the economy , education -- beyond just social issues like abortion rights and access to contraception .	Ann Romney is slamming a slur uttered by a Democratic candidate for South Carolina governor Romney to CNN : "  It hit me right in my gut : Romney did n't say whether her husband would run for president again
CNN  -- One of the great Olympic ideals is the importance of taking part , bringing together athletes of all backgrounds from all around the world . But not everyone has had the chance to compete . Saudi Arabia is one of only three countries -- along with Qatar and Brunei -- which have never sent female athletes to an Olympic Games . That may change in London this year after a groundbreaking meeting with Olympic and Saudi officials , but it raises a bigger question -- are the Arab kingdom 's women actually ready to compete in top international sporting competitions ? The plan , at this stage , is to send Saudi women to the UK capital for the July 27-August 12 event . The International Olympic Committee  IOC  met with Saudi Arabian Olympic officials this week . "  A list of potential female athletes for the Games was presented . This will now be studied by the IOC together with the relevant International Sports Federations in order to assess the level of each athlete , " ran a statement on the IOC 's website . It 's a significant development , says Rima Maktabi , host of CNN 's Inside the Middle East , but the move might come a bit too late for Saudi Arabia 's female athletes . "  When you talk to Saudi women , even those who are professionals , they tell you that they are not even qualified , " Maktabi said . "  We 're not even close , " says Lina Al-Maeena , co-founder of Jeddah United Sports Company . "  At this point , we are trying to make it on a national level , integrate into public schools and then maybe compete on a regional level before we even think of the Olympics , " Al-Maeena , who is also captain of the Saudi women 's basketball team , told CNN . Al-Maeena says that Qatar and Brunei 's non-participation at the Beijing Olympics four years ago was n't because they did n't allow women to compete , but rather their female athletes just were n't at the required Olympic standard . "  We will need a long time , " she concedes . Saudi Arabia is a conservative country which has historically failed to promote women 's participation in sport , says Christoph Wilcke of Human Rights Watch . "  Government policy has n't been effectively challenged -- there is a predominant conservative view in society that does n't afford women equality in a number of issues , including sports , " Wilcke , senior researcher in the organization 's Middle East and North Africa Division , told CNN . The IOC says an assessment of each athlete 's capabilities will make up part of a formal proposal which will be submitted to the IOC Executive Board next meeting which takes place in Quebec in May . "  The IOC is confident that Saudi Arabia is working to include women athletes and officials at the Olympic Games in London in accordance with the International Federations ' rules , " the IOC said . Wilcke believes the move is a "  very positive " development . "  I think international public pressure by the IOC and public media pressure helped get us where we are today , " he said . "  The goal has to be trying to open up the possibilities , the access for women to sports in Saudi Arabia . " But he added a note of caution . "  The female participation in the Olympics is a symbolic leap forward , but in order for it not to remain symbolic it 's really for the Saudi authorities to start acting , " Wilcke said . "  If sporting opportunities truly increase , I think it will have a broader impact on life for women . " Maktabi said recent Saudi government reforms , aimed at putting more women in the workforce , gave them encouragement for a greater role in society . "  There is high unemployment , it is 17 % across Saudi Arabia -- 7 % among men , and 28 % among women , " she said . "  But it is interesting that 55-57 % of the university graduates are women . So Saudi women are ready . This decision is quite symbolic -- even if it 's only on the sports level , it will reflect on all levels in Saudi Arabia , on the economy . "  Definitely it will get women more involved . However , women are battling with conservative views . Many people in Saudi Arabia think it 's un-Islamic to work , un-Islamic to be in sports . "  Even some of these ladies I saw , among the sports team , they had to veil just to prove that they are conservative , very Islamic and traditional , but that they can play sports and compete internationally . "	Saudi Arabia and IOC meeting to consider female participation at 2012 London Games IOC report having a "  very constructive " meeting with Saudi officials earlier this month But female Saudi basketball captain says country 's athletes are not near level required Human Rights Watch describe move as "  positive " but sporting opportunities must "  truly increase "
Miami  CNN  -- After weeks on the run and days in immigration detention , American technology pioneer John McAfee arrived in Miami on Wednesday . He said he had no choice in the matter , that Guatemalan authorities expelled him to the United States and put him on a plane to a destination they determined . "  I was whisked out of prison , " McAfee told CNN affiliate broadcaster WSVN in front of his South Beach hotel . "  I was forcibly separated from Samantha , and now here I am . " Samantha Venegas is McAfee 's girlfriend . When the plane landed , U.S. officials boarded the aircraft to greet him and escort him off . Former girlfriend : McAfee ` frightened for his life ' It was unclear whether he planned to stay in Miami or where he might go next . For the past week , McAfee waged a public battle , requesting an asylum in Guatemala and arguing that police in Belize were persecuting him . Authorities turned down his request and told him he would have to leave the country . "  He opted to return to his country of origin , " said attorney Telesforo Guerra , who has represented McAfee since he arrived in Guatemala last week . Authorities in Belize , where McAfee had lived since 2008 , say they want to talk to McAfee about the November 11 killing of his neighbor , American businessman Gregory Faull . McAfee said he had nothing to do with the death and insists he left Belize to escape police persecution . Guatemalan authorities took him into custody on accusations of entering the country illegally , and his asylum bid was rejected . McAfee told WSVN he has openly criticized Belize 's government for seven months , making himself a "  thorn in their side . " "  Unfortunately , now that I 'm here , they ca n't shut me up , " he said . CNN en Espa  ol 's Adriana Hauser reported from Miami . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Ana maria Luengo-Romero reported from Atlanta . Journalist Miguel Salay reported from Guatemala City .	John McAfee says in Miami that he had no choice in the destination The software company founder plans to keep criticizing Belize 's government "  He opted to return to his country of origin , " lawyer says McAfee 's request for asylum in Guatemala was rejected after he fled Belize
CNN  -- Dead baby bottlenose dolphins are continuing to wash up in record numbers on the shores of the Gulf of Mexico , and scientists do not know why . Since February 2010 to April 2011 , 406 dolphins were found either stranded or reported dead offshore . The occurrence has prompted the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to designate these deaths as an "  unusual mortality event " or UME . The agency defines a UME as a stranding incident that is unexpected or involves a significant loss of any marine mammal population . "  This is quite a complex event and requires a lot of analysis , " said Blair Mase , the agency 's marine mammal investigations coordinator . Mase said NOAA is working closely with a variety of agencies to try to figure out not only why the bottlenose dolphins are turning up in such large quantities but also why the mammals are so young . "  These were mostly very young dolphins , either pre-term , neonatal or very young and less than 115 centimeters , " she said . Marine mammals are particularly susceptible to harmful algal blooms , infectious diseases , temperature and environmental changes , and human impact . "  The Gulf of Mexico is no stranger to unusual mortality events , " Mase said . Sensitivity surrounding marine life in the area is particularly high after the BP oil disaster that sent millions of barrels of crude into the Gulf of Mexico nearly a year ago . The incident occurred on April 20 , 2010 , when a Deepwater Horizon rig leased to BP exploded , killing 11 workers and leading to the worst oil spill in U.S. history . As recently as two weeks ago , scientists documented a dead dolphin with oil on its remains , Mase said . Since the start of the oil spill , a total of 15 bottlenose dolphins have been found with either confirmed or suspected oil on their carcasses . Even after the gushing well was capped , the agency said nine oiled dolphins have been found since November 2 , 2010 . Of those nine , six were confirmed to contain oil from the incident ; one was found with oil that did not match the Deepwater Horizon samples , and two have not yet been tested . The dolphin deaths may be completely independent from the oil spill , Mase said . "  Even though they have oil on them , it may not be the cause of death , " she said . "  We want to look at the gamut of all the possibilities . " The agency said bottlenose dolphins are actually the most-frequently found stranding marine mammal . Scientists say they are equally concerned about the number of sea turtle strandings . Similar to the dolphin deaths , an abnormally high number of turtles have been found either floating close to shore or washed up on shores in Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama . "  The vast majority of these are dead , with states in moderate to severe decomposition , " said Barbara Schroeder , NOAA Fisheries national sea turtle coordinator . The majority of them are Kemp 's ridley sea turtles , an endangered species since 1970 . But some strandings included loggerheads , which are also endangered . "  Since January 1st , we 've had just under 100 strandings , " Schroeder said . "  About 87 of those have been documented since the middle of March . " Only about a third of those found were in good enough shape to perform necropsies , she said . Seven turtles showed indications that they had been in accidents involving watercrafts , while another displayed injuries consistent with being caught on a hook . Results from the rest appeared to indicate they had drowned near the bottom of the Gulf -- possibly either from forced submergence or an acute toxic event . NOAA Fisheries Stranding Program Coordinator Dr. Teri Rowles said tissue samples from both turtles and dolphins are being carefully documented due to the civil and criminal litigation ongoing with BP . "  We are looking at what is the impact of the oil spill and the response activities to the oil spill event , and what impact they had on the Gulf of Mexico ecosystem , " she said . "  We did not say that the dolphins have died because of the oil , just that they have come back with oil on them . "	Since February 2010 , 406 dolphins have been found dead or stranded Sensitivity about marine life in the area is high after the BP oil disaster Scientists are also concerned about sea turtle strandings
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States on Tuesday imposed financial sanctions on an Iran-based company that it said is a cover for North Korea 's missile proliferation network , the Department of the Treasury announced . Hong Kong Electronics in Kish Island , Iran , was added to the list of "  designated proliferators of weapons of mass destruction and their supporters " for working with two others already on the list : North Korea 's Tanchon Commercial Bank and the Korea Mining Development Trading Corp.  KOMID  , according to a Treasury news release . The designation under Executive Order 13382 freezes any U.S. assets of Hong Kong Electronics and prohibits any transactions with the company by U.S. individuals , companies or financial institutions , the statement said . "  North Korea uses front companies like Hong Kong Electronics and a range of other deceptive practices to obscure the true nature of its financial dealings , making it nearly impossible for responsible banks and governments to distinguish legitimate from illegitimate North Korean transactions , " said Stuart Levey , the undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence at the Treasury . "  Today 's action is a part of our overall effort to prevent North Korea from misusing the international financial system to advance its nuclear and missile programs and to sell dangerous technology around the world . " The Treasury statement alleged that Hong Kong Electronics has transferred millions of dollars of proliferation-related funds on behalf of Tanchon and KOMID since 2007 . It also accused Hong Kong Electronics of facilitating the movement of money from Iran to North Korea on behalf of KOMID . Tanchon , a commercial bank based in Pyongyang , North Korea , is the financial arm for KOMID , which the Treasury statement described as North Korea 's premier arms dealer and main exporter of goods and equipment related to ballistic missiles and conventional weapons . Both Tanchon and KOMID were previously subjected to sanctions under Executive Order 13382 and sanctioned by the U.N. Security Council , according to the Treasury statement . It said both also had ties with other sanctioned entities , including Iran 's Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group , which it called the Iranian organization responsible for developing liquid-fueled missiles .	Hong Kong Electronics called a cover for North Korea 's missile proliferation network U.S. Treasury says company 's U.S. assets frozen , transactions in U.S. prohibited It says company worked with bank , arms dealer tied to other sanctioned entities Goal is to stop misuse of financial system to advance arms programs , Treasury says
CNN  Vincenzo Nibali 's defense of his Tour de France crown is in doubt after the UCI requested Friday that the Italian 's Astana team has its WorldTour license withdrawn . Five Astana riders from the Kazakhstan-based team have been caught doping since last August and as a result it had only been granted a provisional license for the 2015 season . The world governing body said in a statement that an audit of the team , carried out by the Institute of Sport Sciences at the University of Lausanne  ISSUL  , had given them "  compelling grounds " to make its decision . "  The UCI considers that the ISSUL audit has , among other things , revealed a big difference between the policies and structures that the team presented to the Licence Commission in December and the reality on the ground , " it said . Astana has also been caught up in the Padova investigation by Italian police into links between professional cyclists and banned doctor Michele Ferrari , who was Lance Armstrong 's personal trainer . The UCI revealed Friday that some of the evidence it had been provided with by the Italian authorities "  concerns Astana Pro Team members " and this will also be passed on to its License Commission , which is an independent four-man body , headed by a Swiss judge . Astana has still to make a formal response to the UCI decision , but if it is stripped of its license to race at the highest level of professional cycling it would be a serious blow to Nibali and other star riders like Italian Fabio Aru . A WorldTour license gives an automatic passport to the top races in cycling like the Tour de France , the Giro d'italia and the Vuelta a Espana , plus one-day classics such as Paris-Roubaix and Milan-San Remo . Nibali -- who has never failed a drugs test -- would be forced to switch to another team if he wants to compete , assuming his current contract with Astana has a get out clause . The 30-year-old Nibali captured the coveted yellow jersey of the Tour de France last July -- succeeding Team Sky 's Chris Froome , who crashed out in the early stages of the 2014 edition . Astana , the team self-confessed drugs cheat Armstrong chose to ride for in his 2009 comeback , has a controversial past and is headed by Kazakh Alexander Vinokourov , who served a two-year ban after being caught doping at the 2007 Tour de France . The latest scandals involved brothers Maxim and Valentin Iglinskiy , who were caught using the blood-booster  EPO  , while three riders from its development squad also failed drugs tests . It led to widespread calls for the UCI , under the new leadership of Briton Brian Cookson , to take firm action and Astana was only granted its temporary license under condition that its management and anti-doping policies would face further scrutiny . Back in 2012 , the UCI stripped Katusha of its WorldTour license , but the Russian-based team successfully appealed to the Court of Arbitration in Sport to be reinstated .	UCI wants Astana 's WorldTour license withdrawn 2014 Tour de France winner Vincenzo Nibal rides for Astana World governing body voices concerns over team 's anti-doping policies Lance Armstrong rode for Astana in 2009
CNN  For a group of radical anti-Western militants , ISIS is pretty good at luring Westerners to its ranks . The latest is an American teen from suburban Chicago who was allegedly on his way to join ISIS . Mohammed Hamzah Khan was stopped just before he was supposed to board a plane to Turkey , authorities said . But he 's far from alone . Last month , U.S. authorities detailed their case against a New York food store owner accused of funding ISIS and plotting to gun down American troops who had served in Iraq . And a French man told his mother that he and his half-brother were going on vacation -- only to tell her later that they were fighting in Syria . "  Some of the foreign fighters may not return as terrorists to their respective countries , but all of them will have been exposed to an environment of sustained radicalization and violence with unknowable but worrying consequences , " Richard Barrett of The Soufan Group wrote in a report called "  Foreign fighters in Syria " this summer . So what is it about ISIS and its uncanny ability to recruit Westerners ? Here are five methods the group employs : It preys on a recruit 's sense of identity The recruits are often young -- sometimes disillusioned teenagers trying to find purpose and make their mark . For many , it boils down to a lack of a sense of identity or belonging , Barrett said . "  The general picture provided by foreign fighters of their lives in Syria suggests camaraderie , good morale and purposeful activity , all mixed in with a sense of understated heroism , designed to attract their friends as well as to boost their own self-esteem , " he wrote . And some are drawn by the desire to die as a martyr who would enjoy a sumptuous afterlife if they die fighting the "  infidel " enemy . It appeals to their religious duty Westerners waging jihad , fighting alongside ISIS and other terror groups , is not a new phenomenon . The FBI and the U.S. Justice Department have been trying to stay ahead of wannabe terrorists since the 9/11 terror attacks . But what draws Americans to give up their comfortable lives in the United States and travel to war-torn countries to fight ? An appeal to their sense of duty . It 's a message frequently posted by ISIS on social media : "  You have to join . It 's your religious duty , " CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said . It operates a sophisticated propaganda machine ISIS now operates the most sophisticate propaganda machine of any terrorist organization , said Matthew Olsen , director of the National Counterterrorism Center . "  Importantly , the group also views itself as the now-leader of a global jihadist movement , " Olsen said . "  It turns out timely , high-quality media , and it uses social media to secure a widespread following . " ISIS has a penchant for producing slick videos that resemble trailers for Hollywood action movies . One hour-long video showed a collection of bombings , executions , kidnappings and beheadings . As one roadside bomb blasts a vehicle into the sky , two men in the background of the video chuckle . "  We are way behind . They are far superior and advanced than we are when it comes to new media technologies , social media , when it comes to video production qualities , and in disseminating their propaganda over the Internet , " said Maajid Nawaz , a former jihadi and author of "  Radical : My Journey out of Islamist Extremism . " And it 's probably no accident that a knife-wielding man in the beheading videos of Americans James Foley and Steven Sotloff and Britons David Haines and Alan Henning had a distinctive British accent . It drives home the point that Westerners can join ISIS , too . It exerts a cult-like control When Steve Hassan heard an ISIS propaganda tape , "  it reminded me of the exhortations of Jim Jones ' cult saying , ` Come to Jonestown . It 's a paradise . It 's wonderful . ' And that keys in on one of the key principles of destructive cults , which is deceptive recruiting . " Hassan is the founder of Freedom of Mind , an organization dedicated to exposing destructive cults and cult behavior . "  This is a political cult using religion and a perversion of Islam as the shield . But in fact it 's a systematic effort to create an army of basically tranced-out followers . " Video clips of foreign jihadists burning their passports show that many have no interest in returning home . It uses its successes as tool About 2,000 Westerners have gone to fight in Syria , though it was not clear how many joined ISIS in its quest snatch more land and how many joined moderate opposition groups battling the Syrian government , a CIA source told CNN last month . But it 's the extremist groups like ISIS that attract the most foreign fighters , Barrett wrote . "  They tend to be more inclusive , better organized and better financed than their more moderate counterparts , " he said . "  They also tend to be more assertive and have more of an impact on the battlefield , and so enjoy greater local standing , which makes them still more attractive to foreign fighters looking to make their own impact . " UK authorities believe at least 500 British citizens have gone to Iraq and Syria , many of them to fight with ISIS and other Islamist groups . French authorities estimate more than 700 people have traveled from France to fight in Syria , according to Barrett . On Sunday , FBI Director James Comey told CBS ' "  60 Minutes " that his agency is tracking a dozen Americans that have joined terrorist groups in Syria . But it 's not all alarming news . Concerned by the prospect of these recruits bringing home their angst and their ability to launch attacks , Western nations are fighting back . Some European countries have laws that penalize membership in groups such as ISIS , Barrett said . A U.S. State Department official said an anti-ISIS messaging campaign is keeping disaffected youth from joining . "  We have evidence that there are young people who are not joining because we have somehow interceded , " Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs Richard Stengel said Monday . "  They 're reading the messages , they 're hearing the messages -- not just from us but from the hundreds of Islamic clerics who have said that this is a perversion of Islam , from the hundreds of Islamic scholars who have said the same thing . " But Barrett said elected officials might not be doing as much as they think . "  Policymakers often underestimate the impact of what is happening in these closed circles even as they overestimate the impact of their own . " CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Catherine E. Shoichet , Laura Koran and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	ISIS has a penchant for producing slick videos that resemble trailers for Hollywood action movies Analyst : Many recruits lack a sense of belonging ; some want a lavish afterlife by dying as a "  martyr " In each of the recent videos of ISIS beheading Westerners , the man with the knife has a British accent There are concerns about whether Westerners who join ISIS could return home to carry out attacks
New York  CNN  -- Three men whose identities surfaced during New York 's "  Cannibal Cop " kidnap conspiracy investigation pleaded not guilty Thursday to their own conspiracy charges , federal prosecutors said . Michael Vanhise , Richard Meltz and Robert Christopher Asch entered not-guilty pleas to conspiracy to kidnap charges and remain in custody , according to Jerika Richardson , spokeswoman for the office of the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York . Vanhise was arrested in January after authorities uncovered e-mail conversations he had with New York police officer Gilberto Valle . In those online conversations , Vanhise agreed to pay Valle $ 5,000 to render a woman unconscious , stuff her into a suitcase and bring her to Vanhise 's home in New Jersey , where she would be raped , according to authorities . Jury convicts New York cop in cannibal plot Valle , whose attorneys argued in court that his online conversations were the product of "  fantasy role-play , " was convicted in March of conspiracy to kidnap and accessing a law enforcement database illegally . He will be sentenced in June . According to the complaint against the three men , authorities allege Vanhise engaged in a series of e-mail and instant messages with Asch and Meltz beginning in 2011 during which they discussed and planned in great detail the kidnapping , torture and murder of women . Police arrested Meltz , 65 , and Asch , 60 , last week on charges of conspiring to kidnap , torture , rape and kill women and children , according to a news release from the U.S. attorney 's office . Meltz is the chief of police for a Department of Veterans Affairs medical center in Bedford , Massachusetts . Asch is a former New York City high school librarian who lives in New Jersey . According to prosecutors , an undercover FBI agent met with Asch April 15 to conduct surveillance of a kidnap target , who unbeknownst to Asch was an undercover female agent . During this meeting , Asch brought two bags of tools intended to be used in the kidnapping including a taser gun , rope , meat hammer , duct tape , gloves , cleaning supplies , zip ties , and a dental retractor , a wireless modem , and a leg spreader . Asch 's attorney , Bradley Drew Simon , told CNN he did not have any comment . Vanhise 's attorney , Alice L. Frontier , meanwhile , said "  the evidence against Vanhise has n't changed and he obviously maintains his innocence . " Referring to the government 's case against her client , Frontier said "  they have little more than his words . " "  Obviously we are going to be filing motions seeking to dismiss the indictment ; First Amendment grounds will be one of them , " Frontier said Thursday . Meltz 's attorney , Peter Bril , told CNN , "  No matter what other defendants may have done , Mr. Meltz never took part in anything other than pure fantasy play , this was nothing more than his fantasy life ... He never had any intention in actually engaging in hurting another person . " The next court conference in the case is scheduled for July 11 , according to Richardson .	An attorney for one defendant says , "  This was nothing more than his fantasy life " Another defense attorney says motions will be filed on First Amendment grounds Feds say the 3 exchanged messages about kidnapping , torturing and killing women
CNN  -- Spain needed an injury-time goal from substitute Fernando Llorente to beat Saudi Arabia 3-2 in a World Cup warm-up match in Innsbruck on Saturday . It was a less than convincing performance in Austria for the European champions , who are among the favorites for next month 's World Cup . Osama Hawsawi gave Saudi Arabia a shock 16th minute lead before David Villa and Xabi Alonso scored to put Vincente Del Bosque 's men ahead . But Mohammed Al-Sahlawi 's 74th-minute equalizer -- his deflected shot caught Iker Casillas off balance -- appeared enough to have earned his side a draw . However , Athletic Bilbao striker Llorente , who came on for Villa with 20 minutes remaining , had the final say . He connected with Alonso 's corner with a firm header to give Spain a last-gasp victory . Spain face a testing encounter against fellow finalists South Korea on June 3 before they kick off their World Cup campaign with a Group H match against Switzerland on June 16 . Honduras and Chile are also in the group . Germany continued their build-up to the finals with an impressive 3-0 win over Hungary in Budapest . Lukas Podolski opened the scoring with a fourth minute penalty before Mario Gomez scored the second midway through the second half . Brazilian-born Cacau then came off the substitutes ' bench to score the third . It was his third in two games for his adopted country after a double against Malta and presses his claims for a place in the World Cup squad . Germany coach Joachim Loew must cut two players to trim it down to 23 and said it was not an easy decision . "  The coaches will sit down together on Sunday and Monday with the coaching staff and announce the squad on Tuesday . "  Of course , it will hurt for the players concerned , but unfortunately we can only take 23 , " he told AFP . The United States , who play England in their opening game of the finals , beat Turkey 2-1 in Philadelphia . A crowd of more than 55,000 at Lincoln Financial Field saw Arda Turan open the scoring after 27 minutes for the visitors . But Jozy Altidore equalized just before the hour mark and Fulham striker Clint Dempsey grabbed the winner with 15 minutes remaining after an assist from Landon Donovan . Earlier , Serbia 's preparations suffered a setback in a 1-0 defeat to New Zealand , who are also heading to South Africa . The match in Klagenfurt in Austria was decided by a goal from Shane Smeltz in the 22nd minute . He beat Serbia goalkeeper Vladimir Stojkovic with a low shot to notch his 16th goal in 29 games for the All-Whites . The result is setback for Serbia , who face Australia -- winners over their neighbors last week -- in Group D in South Africa , as well as Germany and Ghana . New Zealand are in Group F with Italy , Paraguay and Slovakia .	Substitute Fernando Llorente scores late winner as Spain beat Saudi Arabia 3-2 Osama Hawsawi gave Saudi Arabia a shock 16th minute lead in Innsbruck Serbia are upset 1-0 by New Zealand All Whites in another World Cup warm-up game Germany and United States secure impressive wins over Hungary and Turkey
EW.com  -- Attention lovers of post-apocalyptic wastelands , biker gangs , and Tom Hardy : "  Mad Max : Fury Road " is set to hit theaters on May 15 , 2015 -- almost exactly 30 years after "  Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome " was released . Warner Bros. announced release plans Wednesday for the 3-D movie . Blu-Ray review - ` Mad Max ' trilogy Starring Tom Hardy and Charlize Theron , "  Mad Max : Fury Road " is reportedly a re-imagining of George Miller 's 1979 film , which launched Mel Gibson 's career . Miller , who also directed 1981  s "  Mad Max 2 : The Road Warrior " and 1985  s "  Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome , " returned to write , direct , and produce this fourth installment . But , beyond Theron 's drastic hair change and the tease of a Gibson cameo , little is known about the plot . Nicholas Hoult , Rosie Huntington-Whiteley , Zo Kravitz , and Riley Keough also star . The current slate of May 2015 releases include "  Disney 's Avengers : Age of Ultron "  May 1  and "  Tomorrowland "  May 22  , Fox 's Paul Feig/Melissa McCarthy comedy "  Susan Cooper "  May 22  , and Paramount 's animated pic "  Monster Trucks "  May 29  . The three previous Mad Max films grossed nearly $ 69 million domestically , not adjusted for inflation . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Mad Max : Fury Road " is set to hit theaters on May 15 , 2015 The film will star Tom Hardy and Charlize Theron Previous Mad Max films grossed nearly $ 69 million domestically
CNN  -- A fire at a house in Connecticut early Christmas morning killed two adults and three children , fire officials said . Two other people made it out alive . "  It is a terrible , terrible day for the city of Stamford , " said Mayor Michael Pavia , briefing reporters about the "  horrible tragedy . " "  There probably has not been a worse Christmas Day in the city of Stamford , " he said . Multiple calls came in shortly before 5 a.m. , fire officials said . The first firefighters on the scene attempted rescues within the home , but "  were pushed back by intense flame and heat , " said Acting Fire Chief Antonio Conte . The cause remains under investigation . Due to the condition of the building , it will be days before investigators can determine what happened , Conte said . Seven people lived in the house , Conte said . He had no immediate information on their identities or the conditions of the two who came out alive and were taken to the hospital . The home is in Stamford 's Shippan Point neighborhood , just in from the Long Island Sound , fire officials said . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : 2 people made it out alive , officials say NEW : Stamford Mayor Michael Pavia says Stamford has probably never had a worse Christmas Day NEW : It will be days before investigators can determine what happened , a fire official says
"  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 " might not be so amazing , judging from some early reviews of the anticipated May 2 sequel . The Marc Webb-directed feature again stars Brit actor Andrew Garfield as the web-slinging Spider-Man and his girlfriend , Emma Stone , as on-screen love interest Gwen Stacy . A sequel to 2012 's franchise reboot "  The Amazing Spider-Man , " "  Amazing 2 " is supposed to pack in even more suspense and star power . Jamie Foxx plays the villain Electro , Paul Giamatti is Rhino , and Dane DeHaan is the Green Goblin . Yet on RottenTomatoes.com , "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 " is on the wrong side of "  fresh . " "  I 'm sorry people , the most I can go with is ` adequate , ' " says Rolling Stone 's film critic , Peter Travers . "  I would call this movie ` The Adequate Spider-Man 2 . ' " Uh oh . The problem , at least according to Travers , is that all the villains , who were supposed to add thrills , instead make the movie "  top-heavy . " The Washington Post 's Ann Hornaday , too , thought the sequel added up to "  an unforgivably long assemblage that never coalesces into a compelling story . " And over at the Wall Street Journal , critic Joe Morgenstern was straightforward . "  How bad is this one , though ? Amazingly so , " he critiques . "  Villainy abounds , but the villains are strident contrivances . Spider-Man flies , but does so dutifully , without joy . " Entertainment Weekly 's Chris Nashawaty tried to be more measured , noting that "  there 's a lot riding on ` The Amazing Spider-Man 2 , ' not just commercially  although there is that  but also as a signpost of what lies ahead . " "  Thankfully , " the review continues , "  director Marc Webb 's dizzy , slickly enjoyable sequel gets a ton right . It 's a Marvel spectacle that manages to deftly balance razzle-dazzle , feel-it-in-your-gut slingshot moments of flight and believable human relationships . There 's psychological weight to go with all of the gravity-defying , webslinging weightlessness . " The New York Times ' Manohla Dargis was also kinder to Spidey , thinking the movie moved along "  nicely ... until a late , badly handled turn for the grim . " The saving grace for Dargis and a few others was the starring actors . Stone , Dargis writes , "  brightens " the sequel , while Garfield , "  who 's making a career out of playing delicate flowers , fits the role , suit and moist sniffling fine . " If Garfield checks out the Times ' review , he might not be pleased with the verdict but will probably appreciate the attentiveness to his sensitive side . As the 30-year-old actor told CNN at "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 's " New York premiere , personality traits he may have felt insecure about actually come in handy when he portrays Peter Parker . "  I think my gifts , weirdly , are the things that I thought I should 've been ashamed of as a kid , " Garfield said . "  Sensitivity , vulnerability , a very ` feeling ' nature , you know ? Qualities that boys are n't allowed to really have growing up . " After trying to downplay those characteristics as he came of age , it eventually dawned on Garfield that those are actually qualities that would help him in his career . "  They 've led me to playing Spider-Man , " he said . "  The wonderful thing about Peter Parker and what makes Spider-Man a great hero is his compassion , his humanity , his sensitivity , his care and love for others , his need to protect others and his ability to have empathy for others . And I think that 's Peter Parker . That has nothing to do with Spider-Man . Spider-Man has the skill , but Peter Parker has the heart . "	"  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 " opens Friday Most reviewers are n't impressed But they say the leads , Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield , perform well
To be a politician today is to live in some ways like a citizen of North Korea . A politician must assume that he or she is under 24-hour audio-visual surveillance . Any objectionable remark , any untoward joke , any awkward facial expression may be recorded and broadcast . Professional and personal ruin can strike at any moment . If George Allen 's "  macaca " moment did n't drive home the point , Scott Prouty 's 47 % video certainly should . But it 's not only politicians who live under perpetual surveillance . We all do ! Earlier this month , researchers at Carnegie-Mellon University detailed how Facebook systematically erodes users ' privacy wishes . "  Researchers found that during the first four years , users steadily limited what personal data was visible to strangers within their school network . Yet through changes Facebook introduced to its platform in 2009 and 2010 , the social network actually succeeded in reversing some users ' inclination to avoid public disclosure of their data . In fact , the social network 's new policies were not only able to partly override an active desire not to post personal details publicly , but they have so far kept such disclosures from sinking back to their lower levels , according to the study . They also found that even as people sought to limit what strangers could learn about them from their Facebook profiles , they actually increased what information they shared with their friends . Facebook 's CEO Mark Zuckerberg has famously said that privacy is no longer a social norm . He 's worked mightily to make those words self-fulfilling , and in tandem with other technologies  smartphones  and social media  notably YouTube  , Zuckerberg has succeeded . The demise of privacy as a social norm is leading to the demise of privacy as a legal right . Scott Prouty likely wo n't face legal sanctions for videotaping Romney . Mike Edmonson , spokesman for the Palm Beach County State Attorney , explains why not : "  For the law to be broken , the person being taped must have a reasonable expectation of privacy . " Once upon a time , a speaker might have expected that an off-the-record , closed-door speech in a private home would be "  private . " No longer . The less privacy we have , the less we have a legal right to -- and the less we have a legal right to , the less we will have . For those accustomed to older ways , this new world of compulsive and compulsory self-revelation is a strange place in which to live . Yet it could be said that we are in fact reverting to the oldest way of all . Through most of human existence , human beings had little to no privacy . For most of the past 10,000 years , most people lived in tiny farming villages , where everybody knew everything about them and about all their family . Privacy was born in the city , as E.B. White famously observed when urban life was still a new experience for most Americans . "  On any person who desires such queer prizes , New York will bestow the gift of loneliness and the gift of privacy . " It 's a paradox , but also a fact : the only way to experience privacy is in the midst of a crowd . The theme song to the 1980s situation comedy "  Cheers " celebrated an urban bar as a place where "  everybody knows your name . " Through most of human history , most people would take it for granted that the people they met would know their name -- name singular , since for most of human history , most people only needed a single name to identify themselves . When White celebrated urban anonymity in his 1949 essay , "  Here is New York , " urbanism was still a relatively new experience for most Americans . The United States had become majority urban as recently as 1920 , and then only by the U.S. Census definition of urban as a settlement of more than 2,500 persons . Will we in retrospect come to see the urban anonymity celebrated by White as a brief interval in human history ? Already in 1962 , the prophetic scholar of media Marshall McLuhan foresaw the coming of a "  global village " : a planet in which information spread as fast as in the farming village of yore . A Google search of the phrase reveals that most users of the phrase imagine the global village as a friendly , tranquil place . McLuhan knew better . The old village was a place in which conflict could never be escaped , in which the public and the private could never be separated . So it has become in the new . What happened to Mitt Romney can happen to anyone who has ever said or done anything improper or stupid in the vicinity of any electronic device . It can happen to anyone who has ever sent an e-mail that might cause offense to a third party . It can happen to anyone who has ever posted a later-regretted photo or video online . Granted , most of us are protected somewhat by others ' lack of interest in our secrets . But that can change in an instant if our oafish behavior is oafish enough . A few seconds of oafish video can generate a lifetime of humiliation -- that will torture the humiliated person long after it has ceased to amuse the people who once laughed at him . It happened to Mitt Romney . It can happen to you .	David Frum : Mitt Romney 's 47 % video showed that there 's no such thing as private sphere For politicians and for the rest of us , every moment can be captured forever , he says Frum : Privacy was a relatively recent human invention , and now it 's likely gone forever
In horse racing , there 's the trifecta . In entertainment , there 's the EGOT for winners of the Emmy , Grammy , Oscar and Tony awards . Maybe in the future there will be something called the Seacrest -- for holding down hosting gigs with all four major American broadcasters . The superfecta was trumpeted on Tuesday when CBS confirmed that Ryan Seacrest will host and produce "  Fashion Rocks , " a two-hour special that airs on the network in September . Seacrest has existing relationships with ABC , to host "  New Year 's Rockin ' Eve , " with Fox , to host "  American Idol , " and with NBC . In other words , CBS was the only broadcaster left .  Unless you count the Spanish-language Univision network ; Seacrest , are you boning up on your Spanish ? Seacrest 's new deal with CBS , and an extension of his existing deal with NBC , were first reported by The Hollywood Reporter . NBC subsequently confirmed that Seacrest has re-upped for one year . "  This new deal will include hosting and producing 2015 Live from the Red Carpet events for E! , contributing to E! News , as well as hosting and producing specials for E! and NBC , " a network spokeswoman said . There had been speculation that Seacrest would stop hosting the red carpet shows . What 's missing from the extended deal instead are NBC News and NBC Sports . When the deal was originally struck in 2012 , Seacrest was named a "  special correspondent " on the "  Today " show , which is a part of the news division , and a contributor to NBC 's prime time coverage of the Olympics , which is a part of the sports division . Seacrest told The Hollywood Reporter that "  he 'd like to try to continue working with both divisions and has already had conversations with NBC Sports about collaborating on the Olympics coverage in Rio in 2016 , as he did the London games in 2012 . ` Today ' is less likely , given a morning radio schedule that has him in Los Angeles while the NBC show broadcasts out of New York . "	Ryan Seacrest signed a new hosting deal with CBS That puts him in business with all four major American TV networks He also extended his NBC deal and will continue contributing to E! Will he take on the sports world next ? He has his eye on the Olympics
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Sixteen people -- including five children -- died when an oil tanker carrying fuel for NATO exploded Saturday morning in Khyber Agency , a district in Pakistan 's volatile tribal region bordering Afghanistan , a government official said . A remote-controlled bomb caused the explosion , said Shafeer Ullah Khan , a top government official of Khyber Agency . Khan said the bomb was planted under the oil tanker , which exploded when the vehicle was about 8 kilometers  5 miles  east of Afghan border . Khan said when the people in the area gathered to collect oil leaked from the tank , it caught fire and killed the 16 people . A NATO spokesman said the alliance wo n't be commenting . Khan said in another incident on Friday evening , nine oil tankers carrying fuel for NATO caught fire after a planted bomb was also detonated by a remote control at Torkham , at the Pakistan-Afghanistan border . He said the oil tankers were parked at the border waiting their turn to enter in Afghanistan . It was not immediately clear who was behind either attack . In the past year , dozens of oil tankers carrying fuel for NATO forces in Afghanistan have been attacked in Pakistan . Militants in the region have frequently targeted Pakistani security forces and supply trucks headed for Afghanistan in an effort to undermine U.S. and NATO efforts there . At least 29 people have died in such attacks since October . The tankers are often operated by contracted Pakistani firms hired by NATO , using Pakistani equipment and drivers .	NEW : NATO issues no comment on the incident At least 10 oil tankers carrying fuel for NATO catch fire in two days Government official : A remote-controlled bomb causes the explosion Saturday Tankers are often operated by Pakistani firms hired by NATO , using local drivers
CNN  -- Sporting continued their worst start to a season since the Portuguese league was founded in 1933 as they lost 3-1 at home to Benfica , with fans of the Lisbon club further suffering as their city rivals went top of the table . Already knocked out of the Portuguese Cup and the Europa League , Sporting are now 18 points behind Benfica and second-placed FC Porto , who both boast 29 points , and just four points off the bottom of the Primeira Liga . Traditionally one of the big three of the Portuguese game , Sporting have - along with Benfica and Porto - won all but two of the 78 titles in the country 's football history . Yet a club that won its last league title in 2002 , and which last competed in the Champions League three years ago  when suffering a humiliating 12-1 aggregate defeat to Bayern Munich  , is now in greater danger of suffering the first relegation in its history . Despite leading at the break after a fine Ricky van Wolfswinkel goal , Sporting surrendered in the second half as striker Oscar Cardozo had a hand in all three goals -- forcing two own goals either side of netting an 81st-minute penalty to preserve the Eagles ' unbeaten run . After Dutch defender Khalid Boulahrouz was sent off for saving a goalbound effort with his hand , Paraguayan Cardozo slid home a cool penalty to spark an exodus for Sporting fans from the Estadio Jose Alvalade . Belgian coach Franky Vercauteren only took charge of Sporting , who won the Cup Winners Cup in the 1960s and lost the Uefa Cup final in their own stadium in 2005 , one month ago -- becoming the club 's seventh coach in just four seasons . "  In the second half , Sporting had great difficulty in keeping up with our game , because we always had a strong and intense style of play , " Benfica coach Jorge Jesus told his club 's official website . "  We beat a great team , one that will improve . " While Benfica 's Eagles regained confidence after last week 's Champions League exit , Sporting 's current predicament makes a mockery of the team 's stated ambition upon its founding -- which was to be "  a great club , as great as the greatest in Europe . " Elsewhere across the continent , Lazio extended their unbeaten league run to five games after drawing 0-0 at Bologna -- a result which left the Rome side , who lost striker Liber Kozak to a late red card , three points behind third-placed Napoli in Serie A. Earlier , Udinese climbed three places to eighth in the table after winning 2-0 at Sampdoria -- as goals from Danilo and Antonio Di Natale took the Udine side just behind AC Milan in Serie A . In the English Premier League , Fulham beat Newcastle United 2-1 at home to end a run of seven games without a win , as Steve Sidwell and Hugo Rodallega scored either side of a dipping Hatem Ben Arfa strike for the visitors .	Sporting 's worst season since the Portuguese league was founded in 1933 continues The Lisbon club lost 3-1 at home to Benfica as Sporting 's city rivals go top of the league Fulham beat Newcastle in the Premier League while Lazio are held at Bologna in Italy
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Former Cuban President Fidel Castro slammed the method used to kill Osama bin Laden on Thursday , saying there is no excuse for "  assassinating " an unarmed man in front of his family . "  Whatever the actions attributed to bin Laden , the assassination of an unarmed human being surrounded by his family constitutes an abhorrent act , " Castro wrote in an essay published in state media . Castro criticized bin Laden for "  international terrorism " and said Cuba showed solidarity with the United States after the "  brutal " September 11 attacks . However , in the article Castro calls the killing of bin Laden an "  execution " by U.S. Navy SEALs and says the attack and the subsequent burial at sea "  show fear and insecurity , and turn him into a much more dangerous person . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney has told reporters bin Laden and his family lived on the second and third floors of his compound , and they were cleared last , with bin Laden killed toward the end of the siege . Bin Laden was not armed but did put up resistance when U.S. forces entered the compound , he said . One of bin Laden 's daughters has told Pakistani interrogators that she saw her father shot , a senior Pakistani intelligence source said Wednesday . The daughter , believed to be 12 or 13 years old , was among those left behind at the compound after Monday 's U.S. raid , the source said . In the article , Castro also said Pakistan 's laws had been violated and its "  national dignity offended . " U.S. President Barack Obama has said the United States will not release the photos of bin Laden 's corpse . While some U.S. politicians have said the photos should be released , others have said the photos would only serve to inflamme feelings among bin Laden supporters . Castro concludes in his essay that American public opinion will turn in time . "  After the initial euphoria , public opinion in the United States will end up criticizing the methods , which , " he wrote , "  far from protecting its citizens , will end up multiplying the feelings of hate and venegence toward them . " -- From CNN 's Shasta Darlington	Castro says "  assassination " is an "  abhorrent act " He criticizes bin Laden for "  international terrorism " He says attack shows "  fear and insecurity "
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Investigators were trying to determine Wednesday what caused China 's first fatal passenger plane crash in almost six years . A Henan Airlines flight with 96 people on board overshot a runway and crashed Tuesday night in the Yichun area of northern China , state media said . The plane broke into two pieces and burst into flames . On Wednesday , the government downgraded the death toll from the crash from 43 to 42 after a body that was torn apart was discovered to have been counted twice , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . Fifty-four people survived . Five children injured in the crash were in critical condition , said Xinhua , citing doctors in Harbin , the capital of Heilongjiang province , where they had been transferred . Another 10 people were severely injured , it said . "  The coming 48 hours are the dangerous period , " said Wang Yongchen , deputy head of the No. 1 Hospital affiliated with Harbin Medical University . Four of the children suffered heavy respiratory tract burns , said Wang . The investigators ' initial focus was to find the flight data recorder -- commonly known as the "  black box " -- that might yield clues as to what caused the Brazilian-made Embraer 190 jet to crash land in heavy fog on a patch of grass about 1.5 kilometers  0.9 miles  from the runway . The black box was found on the ground Wednesday morning , Xinhua said . Some passengers were thrown from the plane upon impact , according Xinhua , which cited the head of the publicity department of the Yichun city committee of the Communist Party of China . Chinese Vice Premier Zhang Dejiang led a team of transportation , health , work safety and security officials to Yichun after the crash , state media said . Two survivors told local television that the plane shook violently before it crashed and that thick smoke entered the cabin soon after impact . They said passengers were unable to open emergency exits after the wreck ; survivors escaped through cracks in the fuselage . The plane was carrying 91 passengers , including five children , and five crew members when it crashed at 9:36 p.m.  9:36 a.m. ET  , according to Xinhua , which cited a source with the Civil Aviation Administration of China . The Henan Airlines flight had taken off from Harbin on the 360-kilometer  225-mile  flight to Lindu Airport , about 9 kilometers  5.6 miles  from downtown Yichun , a city of about 1 million residents near the Russian border , Xinhua said . A Yichun vice-mayor told Xinhua that most of those taken to hospitals did not have life-threatening injuries . China 's last fatal passenger airline accident occurred in November 2004 , when a China Eastern commuter jet took off in frigid Inner Mongolia without de-icing and crashed shortly afterward into a nearby park , killing 55 people . CNN 's Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	NEW : 5 children in critical condition The death toll is down from 43 to 42 54 people survive China 's first crash in six years Survivors cite violent shaking prior to impact
A tiny spot on a precautionary ultrasound that former "  Good Morning America " co-host Joan Lunden received after getting an all-clear on her annual mammogram was the first sign of trouble . A biopsy was taken . "  I knew the minute the doctor walked in the office , " Lunden told CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta in an interview . "  You could just tell by her demeanor . She said , ` you definitely have breast cancer . ' " Lunden , who co-hosted "  GMA " from 1980 to 1997 and promotes health and wellness for women , said she "  jumped into action , " immediately consulted specialists and sought other opinions before starting with chemotherapy . "  When I heard those words -- it does n't make any difference if you 're a doctor -- those are scary words and they 're shocking , " Lunden said . Doctors earlier this month discovered two small tumors in her right breast , she said . It was triple negative breast cancer , a rare and aggressive form that occurs more often in younger women and African-American or Hispanic women . "  This is kind of subset , " she said . "  One thing I learned is that breast cancer , you think of it as one thing . Every woman has a different kind of breast cancer as far as how the pathology comes out , where it is . And you really need to get a lot of opinions . " On Tuesday , Lunden , 63 , first revealed her recent diagnosis to fans via Twitter and a letter on her website JoanLunden.com . She considered keeping the news private . What would she say to her 9 - and 11-year-old twins ? She thought herself somehow exempt from all this ? "  I was scared that people would think I let them down , " she said . "  In the first two days or so , I just wanted to go away somewhere and not let anybody find out . I also felt like I did n't want to tell the kids because my younger kids would be worried . We were advised by everyone that that was really a mistake . " Lunden recently offered her first TV interview about having the disease to current "  GMA " co-host and breast-cancer survivor Robin Roberts , who advised her on dealing with her hair loss and other issues . "  GMA " co-host Amy Robach is currently being treated for breast cancer . Lunden told CNN that she decided to shave her hair before losing it to chemotherapy , enabling her to "  stay in an empowered position instead of woe-is-me patient position . " "  When it starts to go , it 's shocking , embarrassing and depressing , " she said she learned of the hair loss . "  Preempt it . Get it shaved off . I did that . And I thought it was going to be like the biggest deal in the world . And you know what ? I felt I did n't have it done to me . I walked in and I said , ` Do this . ' " After consulting doctors , Lunden said , she decided on therapy aimed at reducing the size of a tumor with chemotherapy , a lumpectomy to remove the cancer , followed by radiation therapy . "  What I say I 'm doing does n't mean that 's what you should be doing , " she said . "  Every woman 's breast cancer is different . " Lunden said her tumor was picked up after an ultrasound , which is used for women who have dense fibrous breast tissue where cancers are not always detectible on mammograms . Lunden , whose late father was a cancer surgeon , said she had no symptoms before her diagnosis or family history of cancer . "  Most women do not have any symptoms before they 're diagnosed with breast cancer , " Dr. Valerie Montgomery-Rice , dean of the Morehouse School of Medicine , told CNN . "  A lot of women will pick up something that feels strange on their own . " Drug offers hope for some cancer survivors who want children	"  GMA " host Joan Lunden revealed this week that she is in treatment for breast cancer Discovery came after a precautionary ultrasound and biopsy Lunden : "  I was scared that people would think I let them down "
CNN  -- In the spring of 1968 , the Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. traveled to Memphis , Tennessee , to join sanitation workers seeking better pay , fairer treatment and the right to form a union . I was with Dr. King as he stood with workers , all African-American , all fighting years of labor repression and wages that relegated them to poverty . Dr. King was assassinated on that trip to Memphis . His death , just as the images of workers carrying signs reading , "  I am a man , " is forever seared in my memory . Today , August 28 , marks the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom , the site of Dr. King 's historic "  I Have a Dream " speech . As tens of thousands prepare to commemorate our nation 's progress toward racial justice , it 's worth remembering a central meaning of that march : economic opportunity . Opinion : Did we really learn the lesson of the March on Washington ? The state of economic opportunity today is a far cry from Dr. King 's vision . Increasingly , American workers are struggling to make ends meet . Each day they are forced to make impossible choices between feeding their families and keeping the lights on , paying for gas or buying a coat . Income inequality has grown exponentially in recent years , as middle-class jobs that pay a decent wage have been replaced by part-time , low-wage work following the recession . All the while , corporations and CEOs rake in unimaginable sums . Nowhere is this two-tiered capitalism more dire than within the hidden workforce employed by federal contractors . According to a recent study by Demos , a public policy think tank , nearly 2 million private sector employees working on behalf of America earn wages too low to support a family , making $ 12 or less per hour . These are Americans who sweep the floors of our nation 's capital , stitch our soldiers ' uniforms and ensure quality care for the elderly and disabled , and yet they can not afford necessities like food , housing and health care . Like the sanitation workers of Memphis , they are the backbone of our economy , and are in turn treated like second-class citizens . Throngs mark ' I Have a Dream ' anniversary Dr. King stood with those on the picket line because he knew that struggles for racial and economic equality were inextricably bound . He championed economic opportunity and jobs knowing that an injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . In this way , the urgency of the current economic crisis must be understood as a civil rights imperative . People of color disproportionately occupy the lowest rungs of the economic ladder , mirroring the lack of opportunity that pervaded the mid-20th century . Just as Dr. King looked toward leaders in the nation 's capital to better living standards , so too can workers turn their attention toward Washington . At the height of racial tension and mass mobilization in the '60s , the federal government took the lead in advancing equality . In 1965 , President Lyndon B. Johnson went beyond the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , effectively ending racial discrimination in government contracting with the signing of an executive order . President Barack Obama ought to respond to the crisis of inequality in similar fashion . He could -- today -- sign an executive order requiring government contractors to pay their employees higher wages . With a sweep of the pen , President Obama could honor Dr. King 's legacy -- and help fulfill his dream -- by mandating fairness and justice . It 's fitting that the protests by low-wage workers spreading across the country adopt many of the same tactics as the Memphis sanitation workers , including the potent "  I am a Man " message . Were Dr. King here today , I have little doubt he would join with the striking workers of federally contracted companies , fast-food giants and Wal-Mart . The struggle for labor rights and decent pay was central to the conviction that animated his life . 10 signposts on America 's race journey President Obama has promised to take executive action to improve the economy , circumventing a gridlocked Congress and raising the boats of millions of families . There is no better place to start than with working standards of federally contracted companies . More money in these workers ' pockets will yield greater consumer spending , accelerated job growth and a more robust economy . And there is no better time to do it . On the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington , and at a time of record levels of economic inequality , President Obama should follow in the footsteps of his civil rights predecessors . When he speaks on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial , he should outline an executive order that would raise standards for low-wage employees working on behalf of our country . Doing so is no panacea for continuing racial and economic discrimination , but is an important step toward realizing Dr. King 's unfulfilled dream . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Lucy .	William Lucy was with MLK in Memphis supporting living wages for sanitation workers Lucy : MLK killed on that trip , and his dream of economic opportunity still unmet Americans struggle to make ends meet , he says , especially federal contract workers Lucy : President Obama could easily require government contractors to pay a living wage
CNN  -- Militants who control parts of Somalia 's capital city are beating women in broad daylight for violating their radical brand of Islamic law , according to local officials and witnesses in Mogadishu . "  Just today , Al-Shabaab dispatched men with whips to the streets around Bakara market and they are flogging any woman who is found not wearing socks , " according to a female maize trader at the Mogadishu market , who spoke Thursday . She did not want to be named for security reasons . In the past two days , more than 130 people , including women who were not wearing headscarves and men chewing dried khat leaves , have been detained for violating Al-Shabaab 's interpretation of sharia , or Islamic law , according to witnesses and officials . Hooded Al-Shabaab gunmen rounded up 50 women on Wednesday from Mogadishu 's Bakara market for not wearing the veil that is required for women under some interpretations of Islamic law , according to the maize trader . "  Most of these women were vegetable traders , so they are poor and ca n't afford to buy veils for 600,000 shillings -LSB- about $ 23 U.S. -RSB- , " she said . She said she saw more women being detained Thursday . Another 80 Somali civilians were detained in the southwestern town of Luuq , near the Kenyan and Ethiopian border , "  because they turned deaf ear to orders we imposed on the town , " said the local Al-Shabaab commander Sheikh Hussien al-Iraqi . Al-Shabaab is considered a terrorist organization by the United States because of its ties to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda network . It has been imposing stricter rules on Somali civilians living in the areas it controls . Earlier this month , Al-Shabaab militants whipped women for wearing bras in an area of northern Mogadishu that they control , shocking residents who have been besieged by the ongoing insurgency . The militants believe the female undergarments are a deception to men .	Militant group Al-Shabaab imposes strict interpretation of law in areas it controls Women violate law by not wearing socks , headscarves and by wearing bras "  Al-Shabaab dispatched men with whips to the streets , " witness says Al-Shabaab is considered a terrorist organization by the United States
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- More than any other Republican lawmaker , Sen. Rand Paul has aggressively gone after nontraditional GOP voters in the past year , trying to lure Democrats and independents into his party 's column as he considers a presidential bid . So it seemed odd last week when the libertarian-leaning senator from Kentucky made a partisan joke about the prisoner swap that secured U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 's release . "  Mr. President , you love to trade people . Why do n't we set up a trade ? But this time , instead of five Taliban , how about five Democrats , " Paul said Friday to cheers at the Texas GOP convention in Fort Worth . The Obama administration released five Guantanamo detainees in exchange for Bergdahl , who had been held captive for five years and was handed over to American forces at the Pakistan-Afghanistan border on May 31 . To help bring back a U.S. marine currently detained in Mexico , Paul suggested trading "  John Kerry , Hillary Clinton ,  and  Nancy Pelosi . " "  Could n't we send them to Mexico ? " The audience roared . As would be expected , Paul 's joke ignited a firestorm . His comment made national headlines , and the Democratic National Committee called his remarks "  completely out of line " and uncivilized . DNC press secretary Michael Czin said the joke showed "  how unserious " Paul is on foreign policy and argued he was trying to score cheap shots by riling the base . And as would be expected , conservative blogs and commentators found it funny -- even "  hilarious " -- and argued critics had no sense of humor . The following day , Saturday , Paul returned to Kentucky to help open the first state Republican Party office in the urban area of West Louisville , where he reiterated that the GOP has to be a "  more diverse party . " It 's a theme he has taken on the road this past year , visiting areas unfamiliar to Republicans , such as the University of California Berkeley , a liberal hotbed . He has also traveled to inner-city Chicago and Detroit , as well as historically black colleges to help spread the Republican message to Democratic-leaning audiences . Rand Paul : GOP must reconnect with African Americans And just last month , he told a Kentucky radio station that people are looking for a leader in Washington who carries "  the best parts of what Republicans stand for and also some of the good things the Democrats stand for . " So , why make a joke that rips some of the very voters you 're trying to attract ? Political experts say Paul is testing out his campaign language before it starts to count in the run-up to the 2016 presidential election . "  He 's really trying to figure out what he can and ca n't get away with on the stump , " said GOP operative Ford O'Connell . "  If he ca n't broaden his appeal in the GOP primary , there is no general election . " Paul is also trying to place daylight between himself and other potential Republican candidates , O'Connell continued , as the GOP still lacks a clear frontrunner for 2016 . Known for his non-interventionist views , Paul has to convince Republican donors and voters that he 's strong enough to be commander in chief , O'Connell said . Rand Paul responds to GOP criticism of his foreign policy views His joke was the latest in a string of comments last week expressing frustration with the Obama administration over the Bergdahl swap . On Fox News , Paul said he 's not sure the prisoner exchange would have been a good deal , even "  if we were trading for a Medal of Honor winner , much less trading for somebody who may well have been a deserter . " While O'Connell argued the dust-up over Paul 's Taliban joke at the convention will be nothing more than a "  blip " in the long run , it was nevertheless "  out of character " for the senator . "  If he continues to do that , it 's obvious that he has n't figured out how to brand himself distinctly from the others , " he said . David Winston , also a GOP strategist , argued Paul would probably "  like to have that one back . " "  Here he is trying to do outreach , then he delivers a line like this . Clearly this statement seems to be at odds with the general direction he 's going , " Winston said . "  The remark was just unacceptable . " Paul highlights bigger GOP ` tent ' in meeting with top Romney donors Talking to reporters in Texas after his speech , Paul said his comment was simply a joke . "  Except for Nancy Pelosi , I was serious about her , " he added , tongue fully planted in cheek . "  It 's humor , and I hope there 's room for humor , " he continued after being asked about the comment again . "  I thought it was funny . It was meant to be humorous . " Winston , however , stressed that Paul would be better off staying on message , not offering "  some trite , strange comment . " "  I think up to this point in many ways he has engaged voters on a substance level -- that 's why this particular statement was so dissonant , " he said . Others say he was just serving up some red meat in the Lone Star State . Jordan Powell , a Republican consultant in Texas , said Paul 's comment was in tune with the rabble-rousing rhetoric so often heard at state conventions held by either party . "  It was a line designed for partisans , to be responded to by partisans , " Powell said . "  That quote happened in a vacuum to the outside world , but it did n't happen in a vacuum to those who were there at the convention and listening to other speeches . " Rand Paul criticizes the Clintons , urges GOP to engage minorities Six analysts agreed that Paul 's comment is unlikely to have a long-term effect if he decides to run for president . It 's still early , they say , and almost all candidates make controversial statements along the way . "  I ca n't imagine that this will have an impact on Rand Paul 's political career , one way or another , " said Republican strategist John Feehery , adding the joke was n't all that funny . "  When you are serving red meat to a crowd , sometimes it is served very raw . This was pretty raw . " Sometimes jokes can hurt a person politically if the comments mirror a deep-seated public fear about that individual , said presidential historian Doug Wead . As an example , Wead cited Sen. John McCain 's 2007 joke where the then-presidential candidate parodied a Beach Boys song and called for the bombing of Iran . He also referenced Karl Rove 's 2012 comment in which the GOP strategist joked about murdering then-Rep . Todd Akin , whose disastrous comments about rape ultimately cost him the Senate race in Missouri . But Wead argued Paul 's outreach efforts and his work with Democrats on legislation -- such as measures aimed to limit the National Security Agency 's domestic reach -- will outweigh any partisan jokes like the one he made last week . "  If the debate centers around bipartisanship and who has the most appeal from both sides , then let the debate begin , " Wead said . "  Rand wins . " "  It is early , and he has to reassure his Republican base before he starts tapping the wide appeal he has among youth and others across the partisan divide , " he added . "  The fact that liberals jumped on this reveals their concern about that appeal . "	Sen. Rand Paul joked the U.S. should trade five Democrats , not Taliban members , in next prisoner swap The partisan joke comes as Paul is actively trying to court Democratic voters Experts say the potential presidential candidate is just trying to figure out what he can get away with Analysts say the joke was n't that funny , but they doubt it will have a long-term impact
CNN  Cynthia Lennon , who married John Lennon when he was a struggling musician and was there when he rose to fame with the Beatles , died Wednesday , according to a post on the website of her son , Julian . She was 75 . "  Cynthia Lennon passed away today at her home in Mallorca , Spain , following a short but brave battle with cancer . Her son Julian Lennon was at her bedside throughout , " his website says . "  The family are thankful for your prayers . Please respect their privacy at this difficult time . " John and Cynthia Lennon were married for six years , from 1962 to 1968 . The pair met at art school , where Cynthia studied to be an illustrator and John practiced painting -- in between concerts with a band that would become the Beatles . "  When we were at art college , I think he was more interested in the music than he was in the art , " she told ClassicBands.com . Cynthia Lennon , born Cynthia Powell in 1939 , was a stabilizing force for the young John , who lost his mother when he was a teenager and was raised by his Aunt Mimi . "  John was always insecure , " she said in a 2005 interview , having lost his mother at a young age . But his humor -- and his wildness -- were attractive , she told ClassicBands.com . "  He was a rebel . He was outrageous . That was something I had n't experienced before the age that I was , which was about 16 or 17 . I 'd had quite a normal , straightforward life , " she said . "  I was just instantly attracted to him . " The two married in 1962 , just as the Beatles were making their rise . Their son , Julian , was born April 8 , 1963 . Lennon 's sometimes-brittle personality and his overwhelming fame became a challenge for Cynthia . During her pregnancy , "  I was not supposed to be known or heard about . In the wisdom , or lack of wisdom , anything to do with somebody becoming famous , male , was not supposed to be married or have  a  girlfriend . " She was threatened by fans and occasionally in danger of being left behind in the band 's whirlwind ; when the group traveled to Bangor , Wales , to meet with the Maharishi in 1967 , Cynthia was caught in a scrum and could n't make the train in time . She was also there on the 1965 night George Harrison , Patti Boyd and Lennon were dosed with LSD -- an experience she disliked -- and traveled to India with the band in early 1968 . The couple divorced in 1968 , by which time John was seeing Yoko Ono . Cynthia Lennon married three more times after John and wrote two books about her marriage to the Beatle , "  A Twist of Lennon " and "  John . " She had no contact with the surviving members of the band until meeting up at the 2006 Las Vegas premiere of "  The Beatles Love . " For all the difficulties and disappointments -- she described Julian , for whom she wrote "  John , " as "  very scarred by life " -- she acknowledged that the whirlwind could also be enthralling . "  The whole situation changed my life completely . God knows where I would 've been ended up . I probably would 've been a schoolteacher with about three or four children in a boring situation , " she told ClassicBands.com . "  I 've had the most amazing life , a wonderful life . " She is survived by her son . Her fourth husband , Noel Charles , died in 2013 . People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this story .	Cynthia Lennon was John Lennon 's first wife She was there during the rise of the Beatles Her death was announced by her son , Julian
CNN  -- It seemed a promising development , a team of investigators tearing up a basement in hopes of answering a three-decade-old question : What happened to Etan Patz ? It was a tantalizing lead offering hope that investigators would solve the mystery -- at last -- of what happened to the 6-year-old boy who disappeared on his way to the school bus stop 33 years ago . There have been a series of such leads over the years in the case , which changed the nation 's attitudes toward children 's safety and helped launch the missing children 's movement . First there was the drifter living in a drainage tunnel with pictures of boys who looked eerily similar to Etan . A rash of false leads that took investigators as far afield as Israel chasing look-alikes . Then , most recently , a cadaver dog picking up the scent of human remains in a basement near Etan 's home . Each time , the result has been the same : sometimes a few answers , often more questions , and rarely anything resembling the full truth for Etan 's parents , Stan and Julie Patz . The family has endured years of crank calls and far-fetched theories on the home telephone number they never changed in hope Etan might some day try to call . "  They exacted the biggest emotional cost , riding Stan and Julie on a steep vertical incline up the tracks , to plunge straight back down to hell every time , " journalist Lisa Cohen writes in her definitive account of the case , "  After Etan : The Missing Child Case That Held America Captive . " Such dramatic ups and downs have long been part-and-parcel of the investigation into Etan 's disappearance . In the days and weeks after he went missing in May , 1979 , police , the family and neighborhood volunteers worked tirelessly tracking down leads , according to Cohen . In the two weeks following Etan 's disappearance , police put in more than 4,000 hours on the case , interviewing some 500 people , Cohen writes in her book . Police cruisers swarmed the neighborhood as volunteers plastered the area with 10,000 posters , according to Cohen 's account . Then came the first letdown . The police officers who 'd camped in the Patz home , answering phones and dispatching detectives to follow up on possible leads , packed up and left , the emergency phase of the response over . In their place , they left a legal pad next to the phone and instructions to log each call . What had been a stream of calls slowed to a trickle , but kept coming , with their stories of boys matching Etan 's description seen in places near and far . None panned out . Three years later , in 1982 , the roller-coaster would start its climb again with reports that a man , Juan Antonio Ramos , had swiped a boy 's book bag and tried to lure him and another boy into the drainage tunnel where he was living . Police found photos of young boys among the man 's possessions , and took them to Etan 's parents to see if their son was one of them . "  Almost three years into their ordeal , the half-formed scab covering their private life and private pain was being picked off yet again to ooze fresh blood , " Cohen wrote in her book . "  They greeted the news with the now familiar mix of trepidation tinged with the faint hope , one that could never be discounted , that new exposure could yield new information . " The case did n't pan out , at least initially , and Ramos vanished . Interest moved on to other reports , Cohen wrote in her book : A photo in Israel , another in Massachusetts . A cab driver who said he picked up the boy the morning of his disappearance . Like the other leads , nothing came of them . In 1988 , the cycle began turning again . Investigators turned their attention back to Ramos after locating him in a Pennsylvania prison -- where he was serving time on a molestation conviction . They brought Ramos back to New York for questioning , and got a bombshell , Cohen writes . Ramos acknowledged picking up a boy he believed was Etan and bringing him back to his apartment for sex , according to Cohen . But he said the boy declined his advances , so he took him to the subway and waved goodbye . Three years later , in 1991 , after helping secure another conviction against Ramos , federal authorities visited the Patz family again . They were there to deliver the news the family had long dreaded -- that investigators believed their son was dead and they believed Ramos was responsible , Cohen writes . "  The words were not earth-shattering ; they were n't saying anything that twelve years into the case both parents did n't already know , " Cohen writes in her book . "  But now for the first time law enforcement was sitting across the table , telling them that the weight of evidence supported their worst fears . " At the same time , the federal authorities said they 'd come to the end of their journey , saying only New York state prosecutors could take the case to court . They never have . There have been more milestones since that day in 1991 . In the summer of 2000 , New York investigators examined evidence from the basement of the apartment building where Ramos once lived . In 2001 , Stan Patz had his son declared legally dead , and in 2004 , a judge found Ramos liable for Etan 's death in a wrongful death civil lawsuit . But none of those milestones brought them closer to what the family has long said it wants , barring the return of their son : a criminal conviction . In 2010 , Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance reopened the investigation after his election , something he had promised to do during his campaign . The promise that authorities were closer to mounting a criminal case seemed alluringly close last week , when investigators flooded the neighborhood and began dismantling the basement where handyman Othniel Miller once had a workshop . Etan knew the man and had sometimes helped him with odd jobs before he disappeared , Cohen said in a Monday interview on CNN . Authorities had looked at the basement workshop years ago , but never tore up the place as they were doing last week , she noted . Investigators recently renewed their interest in Miller , 75 , in part after interviewing him about his connection to the basement . During the interview , a source said he blurted out , "  What if the body was moved ? " About a month ago , a cadaver dog picked up the scent of human remains . Then investigators began to tear down drywall and cut through concrete in search of clues . "  It was a huge number of resources being thrown into this case , " forensic scientist Lawrence Kobilinsky said Monday in an appearance on CNN . "  It shows you that this case is still alive in the minds ,  of  not only the public , but certainly , of law enforcement . " Mike Huff , a retired police detective and cold-case investigator in Tulsa , Oklahoma , who now heads the International Association of Cold Case Investigators , said as he watched coverage of the case , the kinds of details that were emerging led him to believe investigators were confident they had finally come up with a solid line on hard physical evidence in the case . The big news came over the weekend , when it leaked out that investigators had recovered a chunk of concrete that appeared to be stained with blood . "  I thought , ` Man , this is going to be a slam dunk , they already know the answer to this story , ' " Huff said . Then , suddenly , once again , nothing . The blood was n't blood , it turned out . No human remains had been found . Etan 's family learned Sunday the search had come up empty . It 's not clear where the investigation goes from here . Through his attorney and daughter , Miller has denied any role in Etan 's disappearance . Cases as old as this one can be tough to crack , Huff said . "  The longer it gets away , the more you really have to have hopes and prayers for technology to come into it , " he said . While investigators did n't get the answers they wanted -- again -- Huff says there 's still some good to take out of the effort . "  It 's a success that 33 years later , somebody is still looking at it , " he said .	The 33-year-old Etan Patz case continues to stymie investigators Investigators recently concluded their search of a basement near where the boy disappeared Like other leads , it has failed to definitively reveal what happened to Etan Patz A cold-case investigator says it 's a success that the case is still getting attention and resources
CNN  Two of the best actresses on television are back on "  The Big Bang Theory " -- one of our six suggested things to watch this week . 1 . "  The Big Bang Theory , " Thursday 8 p.m. ET , CBS Sheldon and Leonard 's moms are back , and that ought to make for one of the best episodes this season . TV 's top comedy will see the return of Christine Baranski and Laurie Metcalf as the mothers of Leonard and Sheldon , respectively . Seeing as they 're two of the most talented actresses on television , we should be in for a great episode , as the pair drive their sons crazy . 2 . "  Saturday Night Live , " Saturday May 2 at 11:30 p.m. , NBC Scarlett Johannsson is the host , the day after her new blockbuster "  Avengers " movie opens nationwide . 3 . "  Mom , " Thursday 9:30 p.m. , CBS Allison Janney continues to deliver Emmy-worthy performances in this underrated Chuck Lorre dramedy . The season finale is this week . 4 . "  Backstrom , " Thursday 9 p.m. , Fox Time will tell if the Rainn Wilson crime drama comes back in the fall , but fans of the quirky series wo n't want to miss the season finale . 5 . "  Blue Bloods , " Friday 10 p.m. , CBS The Tom Selleck drama concludes its two-part season finale , although its future is in question . 6 . "  Younger , " Tuesday 10 p.m. , TV Land This charming comedy from the creator of "  Sex and the City " just got picked up for a second season . Now is a great time to tune in as Sutton Foster and Hilary Duff deal with a secret generation gap that one of them does n't know exists .	The two moms from "  Big Bang Theory " guest star this week "  Backstrom , " "  Blue Bloods " are among the week 's season finales Comedy "  Younger " is gaining big buzz
CNN  -- Bolivian President Evo Morales on Sunday pledged to continue his hunger strike until Monday , when Congress -- including the opposition-led Senate -- is set to reconvene . Evo Morales on hunger strike at the presidential palace in Bolivia 's capital , La Paz . Morales ' speech , televised by a state-run station , was his first formal address to the nation since starting the strike Thursday in the government palace . More than three days into the strike , Morales appeared healthy during his address . The president wants the opposition-led Senate to set a date for general elections that are expected to give him another five-year term . Morales on Friday called on opposition members -- who walked out of the Congress in mid-session late Thursday -- to pass the election law , the government-run Bolivian Information Agency said . The nation 's first indigenous president reportedly carried out an 18-day hunger strike in 2002 , when he was expelled from Congress .	Evo Morales initiated his hunger strike Thursday in the Government Palace Opposition-controlled Senate yet to pass law setting December date for vote General election expected to give him another five-year term Morales is the South American nation 's first indigenous president
CNN  -- Baseball 's not a contact sport . It is not football , where rock-abbed men brutalize each other to get the ball . It is not hockey , where a guy on ice skates gets "  checked "  aka whacked  if he 's got the puck . It is n't even basketball , where 7-foot mastodons give each other a shove on the spine and a thump in the rump , jostling for a few precious feet of space by the hoop . No , baseball is not played that way . With one exception . "  Collisions at home plate . " That is what they are called , in the lingo of the game . "  A collision at the plate . " It occurs principally when a man is running at full speed , attempting to score a run for his side . If the ball gets there ahead of him , a catcher , shielded by equipment that includes a mask , shin guards and a Kevlar-like protective vest , like a cop from a SWAT squad , blocks the plate . Wham . Runner smashes into catcher , who must "  tag " him with the ball  and not drop it  before that runner can step on home plate . Savannah Guthrie , co-host of NBC 's "  Today " morning show , innocently professed her ignorance of baseball on Thursday , saying : "  I never thought that was a play . ... I thought it was an accident . " No , it is quite deliberate . A runner runs as hard as he can into a catcher , becoming a human crash-test dummy . Very exciting . Unfortunately , there is a side effect . Somebody stands a chance of getting seriously hurt . Broken bones . Cartilage damage . Brain trauma . Is this necessary ? Is the "  collision at home plate " such a key element of a centuries-old sport that the show must go on ? Are we a bunch of wusses now , no longer willing or able to play this game in the way that our daddies and granddaddies did ? Or are we finally coming to our senses ? Major League Baseball believes the latter to be true . A proposal is being made , to be formally presented to team owners in January , to forever eliminate the "  collision " from the baseball vernacular and rulebook . No more bowling over the catcher . No more trying to "  knock the ball out of his hands . " No more trying to "  knock him into the middle of next week , " to quote some lame 20th century slang . From now on , if agreed upon by all , a runner must slide into home plate -- or at the very least try to dodge the catcher and the ball -- rather than plow into him like a steer into a matador . Concussions are becoming much too commonplace . Up-to-date medical knowledge is demonstrating how many ex-athletes suffer everlasting degeneration from the impacts of violent incidents on the field of play . No matter how much you love the great game of baseball , you could n't possibly believe that it would be less great a game if we no longer make a catcher "  stand his ground " and await a blunt-force crash with a fellow human being . Or could you ? People who follow baseball get their noses out of joint whenever somebody tries to change a rule . Instant replay would be a big help ? No , it would n't . A time clock on the batter or pitcher would speed things up ? Nuts to that . Warnings to both benches and mandatory ejections if a pitcher throws a ball at a batter on purpose ? Namby-pamby nonsense . Do n't fix what ai n't broke !  Some people say . But come on , this is a good thing , right ? Keeping a catcher from getting killed ? Or a runner from breaking his neck ? Because that 's what "  collisions " cause , yes ? Serious injury and potentially even death ? How did ex-catcher Bruce Bochy , now the manager of the San Francisco Giants , put it in a New York Times piece this week ? "  I think it 's better to be proactive before we carry a guy off the field paralyzed and think , ` Why did n't we change this rule ? ' " Amen to that . Ballplayers current and past understand the danger . Bochy saw his star catcher , Buster Posey , severely injured in May 2011 when he was smashed into by Scott Cousins of the Florida  now Miami  Marlins , breaking a fibula and being lost for the rest of the year . Brian Sabean , the Giants ' general manager , described Cousins ' actions that day with the word "  malicious . " But rules are rules , until we change them . Managers galore are former catchers : Bochy , Mike Scioscia  Angels  , Joe Girardi  Yankees  , Joe Maddon  Rays  , Mike Matheny  Cardinals  , Ned Yost  Royals  , Bob Melvin  A 's  , Fredi Gonzalez  Braves  , John Gibbons  Blue Jays  , Mike Redmond  Marlins  . Each of them wore that backstop gear in their playing days . Each could tell you a story of a violent man-on-man crash . Many are old enough to have a memory of the most famous baseball collision of all . It happened at the 1970 All-Star Game .  Yes , a game that did n't even count .  Pete Rose on second base . Jim Hickman singles . From center field . Amos Otis throws the ball to Ray Fosse , his catcher . Rose barrels toward home plate . He slams into Fosse like a whale into a fishing boat . Fosse goes flying . So does the ball . Rose 's team wins the game . Fosse , however , is never the same . He is seriously injured and supposedly can still feel a twinge of pain from that experience , 43 years later . Occupational hazard ? OK , maybe . No one ever promised a catcher that baseball was going to be a waltz in the park , with nothing but love taps . But maybe enough is enough . What would it hurt , trying to prevent someone being hurt ? MLB rule committee votes to impose rule eliminating home plate collisions I went to a Detroit vs. Boston game on a June night in 1983 . Kirk Gibson was at bat . Lou Whitaker was on first base . A fly ball sailed over Red Sox outfielder Tony Armas ' head . Whitaker had to wait to make sure it was n't caught . He then ran full speed , with Gibson right on his heels . Whitaker was tagged out by Rich Gedman , the catcher . Gibson kept coming . The umpire , Larry Barnett , got in his way , while calling Whitaker out . Gibson smashed into both the catcher and umpire . The ball ended up on the ground . The ump ended up in the hospital . "  I was going to run over whoever was in my way , " Gibson said afterward . "  I was out if I do n't . " The crowd , as they say , went wild . It was thrilling . It also was scary . Runner , catcher AND umpire could have been hurt , even paralyzed , from a single play . The score at that moment was 6 to 1 . It was n't a World Series , was n't a walk-off game-winning run , was n't a big deal . But that 's the way guys like Gibson were taught to play , giving everything they 've got , risk be damned . He was playing to win , period , and by the rules . Nobody 's fault . But time for those rules to change . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	Baseball becomes contact sport when catcher blocks plate to keep runner from scoring Mike Downey says the collisions at home plate are thrilling and often memorable But , he asks , is it worth the possible damage to the catcher 's body ? Downey : Ray Fosse still feels pain from a collision 43 years ago
Remember those three Canadian prisoners who flew to freedom a few weeks ago after a daring helicopter escape ? Well , they apparently did n't fly far enough . Quebec police arrested the trio early Sunday , and they 're right back where they started , at the Orsainville Detention Centre in Quebec City . "  The prisoners were arrested at 1:30 in the morning in Montreal . The SWAT team made the arrest and those three people will appear in court ... Monday in Quebec City , " Quebec police spokesman Sgt. Ronald Mc Innis told CNN . He declined to say any more about the arrest as the investigation is continuing . The helicopter 's pilot has n't yet been caught , according to police , but more arrests are expected , Mc Innis said . Yves Denis , 35 , Denis Lefebvre , 53 , and Serge Pomerleau , 49 , escaped June 7 . Denis and Lefebvre were awaiting trial on charges stemming from a 2010 drug bust that netted weapons , cars and a plane . Officials did n't release any information about Pomerleau . The charges against them included murder , according to CNN partner CBC . They were being held under tight security , but a judge had issued a ruling allowing the three of them to be in the courtyard at the same time on court days , after they complained harsh security conditions were making it difficult to plan their defense , the CBC reported last week . The three , however , escaped on a Saturday . It was unclear who allowed them to go outside , the CBC reported . Helicopter escapes are n't common , but they 're not unheard of , either . In March 2013 , two men posing as tourists commandeered a helicopter from a Canadian tour company , ordered the pilot to fly over a detention center near Montreal , hoisted two inmates into the hovering aircraft using cables -- and zipped away . A Greek prison inmate escaped by helicopter in 2006 and did it again in 2009 . Another inmate tried the same trick last year , but was shot . In 1971 , Joel David Kaplan escaped from a Mexican jail aboard a helicopter . That escape inspired a book and a movie . Oklahoma jail shower escapees captured Arizona jailbird escapes to meet his girlfriend for Valentine 's Day	Judge had allowed trio to be outside together , CNN partner CBC reports Quebec police say they 've arrested three prisoners who escaped on helicopter The three escaped June 7 when chopper touched down in jail courtyard The helicopter pilot has n't yet been caught , police say
CNN  Researchers say Dr. Ben Carson may be a brain surgeon , but science shows he 's dead wrong about how sexual orientation works . Wednesday on CNN , Carson , a retired neurosurgeon and potential Republican presidential candidate , said he "  absolutely " believes being gay is a choice . But scientists say decades of research overwhelmingly shows sexual preference is inborn , not a choice . "  It does n't seem to be the social environment , it does n't seem to be the parents or peers that make you gay , " said Gerulf Rieger , a lecturer in the department of psychology at the University of Essex in England . "  It seems to be something that comes from within . " "  Sexual orientation is biologically determined , " added Cynthia Struckman-Johnson , a professor of psychology at the University of South Dakota . "  I do n't think any educated person aware of the research would argue differently . " In a statement Wednesday , Carson apologized for what he said on CNN , and softened his words , saying the verdict is still out on whether people are born with their sexual preference . "  I do not pretend to know how every individual came to their sexual orientation , " he added . While science is seldom definitive about anything , especially something as complicated as why we love who we love , researchers say the preponderance of the evidence shows sexual orientation is not chosen . They point to studies showing children are aware of their sexual orientation at a young age . Plus , genetic studies suggest homosexuality runs in families . Finally , researchers have found that the very structure of the brain -- specifically , regions of the hypothalamus -- differs in gay and heterosexual men . "  Ask a bunch of straight guys -LSB- if they could switch to being gay -RSB- and they would tell you , ` Are you kidding me ? " Rieger said . "  So the other way around does n't work either . " So what was Carson 's scientific support for his argument that being gay is a choice ? He pointed to prisons . "  A lot of people who go into prison go into prison straight - and when they come out , they 're gay . So , did something happen while they were in there ? Ask yourself that question , " Carson told CNN 's Chris Cuomo . Experts on sexual activity in prisons challenged the very premise of Carson 's statement , calling it "  preposterous " and "  appalling . " "  To , in any way , suggest that a person would go in as a heterosexual and then somehow become a homosexual as a result , that 's simply preposterous . There 's no evidence to support that , " said Robert Dumond , a mental health counselor who 's testified to the Department of Justice about rape in prison . Prisoners do engage in homosexual practices , but that does n't mean they 've gone from straight to gay , the experts said . Prisoners are often raped , they say , or coerced to engage in sex in exchange for protection from violent prisoners . "  They 're physically forced or forced through blackmail to engage in sex , " Struckman-Johnson said . "  To have someone say this is chosen is just showing such great disregard for what we know about the world of sexual assault in prison . " Opinion : Prison does n't make people ` come out ' gay The prisoners who are perpetrating the rape are often either gay to begin with , or are heterosexual and rape to subjugate other prisoners . "  It 's more about power than sex , " said Chris Hensley , a criminologist at the University of Tennessee who 's done extensive research on sexuality in prison . "  These men do n't see what they 're doing as homosexual , and they will leave their incarceration heterosexual . " Other prisoners do willingly engage in homosexual activity , but the experts say it 's more of a way to release sexual tension and have some degree of intimacy . "  It does n't mean they would choose someone of the same gender in any other situation , " Struckman-Johnson said . Critics of these studies point out other research they say indicates that orientation is a choice , namely studies that show sexual orientation can change over the course of a lifetime , and that "  socialization " can alter orientation . Overall , the scientists with whom we spoke said they were shocked at Carson 's arguments . "  I 'm deeply saddened on multiple levels that someone in the 21st century would take this position , " Dumond said . Jen Christensen contributed to this report .	Scientists say decades of research overwhelmingly shows sexual preference is inborn , not a choice Dr. Ben Carson told CNN that being gay is a choice and pointed to prisoners who go in straight and leave gay Prisoners do engage in homosexual practices , but that does n't mean they 've gone from straight to gay , experts say
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Jesse James ' Nazi hat was a gift from a Jewish mentor and does not make him a neo-Nazi , his lawyer said Wednesday . James is at a treatment facility "  to deal with personal issues " in a bid to save his marriage to actress Sandra Bullock , a spokeswoman for James said . "  He realized that this time was crucial to help himself , help his family and help save his marriage , " she said . A photo recently surfaced of James wearing the German Nazi hat as he raised his right arm in a salute . The hat may have been in poor taste , but it was given to James as a gag gift by his Jewish godfather , attorney Joe Yanny said . Possessing Nazi memorabilia does not make someone a neo-Nazi , he said . As evidence that James is no anti-Semite , Yanny said James lived for nearly a month in an Israeli kibbutz . His lawyer would not disclose what kind of treatment the famous motorcycle designer is seeking . "  I would request that his rights in regards to privacy and his medical matters be respected , " said Yanny . James has been the target of controversy and publicity since his separation with Bullock soon after she won a best actress Oscar earlier this month . Yanny refused to talk about the condition of the James-Bullock marriage , which came under question when several women went public with claims they were involved with him . "  I understand people 's desire in newsworthy stories , but I would hope that by now this was n't such a newsworthy story such that his basic rights and privacy are n't continuously invaded in an improper manner , " Yanny told CNN . He said "  99 percent " of what has published about James in recent weeks is untrue . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Nazi hat was given to James as a gag gift by his Jewish godfather , lawyer says Possessing Nazi memorabilia does not make someone a neo-Nazi , lawyer adds Spokeswoman says James is at treatment facility "  to deal with personal issues " James separated from Sandra Bullock soon after she won a best actress Oscar
CNN  If you were planning on using a Taylor Swift-penned phrase on , say , a locket or a jewelry box , think again . Because you could be trying to shake off a legal bill . T. Swizzle , whose business savvy is rivaled only by her aptitude for earworms , has taken out several trademarks for phrases like "  Party Like It 's 1989 , " "  This Sick Beat , " "  Cause We Never Go Out of Style . " This means you 'll need Swift 's permisison if you want to use any of those phrases on a whole host of stuff : aprons , "  non-medicated " toiletries and -- we kid you not -- walking sticks . The filings are on top of dozens more she 's held for years . They were reported by Vox , citing the legal database , Justia . Interestingly enough , "  Shake It Off " is not on the list . Perhaps because that trademark is already held by a diet company . Swift took out the trademarks last year on the heels of her fifth studio album , "  1989 . " Given the incredible success of that album , you ca n't blame a girl for wanting to protect her brand . And if you 're hate , hate , hating on her for that , well , you know what you can do . Swift sends epic care package to fan	Swift has taken out several trademarks ` Shake It Off ' trademark held by a diet company
CNN  -- Chelsea captain John Terry has been been hit with a four-match ban and a $ 356,000 fine after being found guilty of racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand . The incident occurred during Chelsea 's English Premier League game against London rivals Queens Park Rangers at Loftus Road last October . In July the 31-year-old had been found not guilty of a racially aggravated public order offence at Westminster Magistrates ' Court . But the FA requires a lower burden of proof than an English court and after four-day hearing the Chelsea skipper was found guilty "  with using abusive and/or insulting words and/or behavior towards " Ferdinand . Racism remains "  significant " problem in English football The defender will be available for Chelsea 's game against Arsenal on Saturday as the ban will not come into effect until the end of the appeal process . This is the second high-profile case of racist abuse on the football field following the incident between Liverpool 's Luis Suarez and Manchester United 's Patrice Evra last year . Suarez gave ` unreliable ' evidence to racial abuse hearing , says FA report The Liverpool striker was banned for eight matches and fined $ 65,000 after being found guilty of misconduct , regarding "  using insulting words towards " Evra during the game at Anfield on October 15 2011 . Terry retires from England amid racism case The verdict comes just days after Terry announced his retirement from international football . The Chelsea defender , who won 78 caps for his country , captained England in two separate spells . Terry claimed that the FA had made his position within the national team ` untenable ' . His representatives , Elite Management , said in a statement released on his behalf : "  John Terry is disappointed that the FA Regulatory Commission has reached a different conclusion to the clear not guilty verdict of a court of law . "  He has asked for the detailed written reasons of the decision and will consider them carefully before deciding whether to lodge an appeal . " A statement from his club added : "  Chelsea notes and respects today 's decision by the Football Association regarding John Terry . "  We also recognise that John has the right to appeal that decision . It is therefore inappropriate for us to comment further on the matter at this time . " Sports lawyer Daniel Geey told CNN that Terry might have only got a four-game rather than eight-match as the Chelsea captain only used the phrase once rather than seven times as Suarez was found to have done by the FA .	England 's Football Association 's hand $ 356,000 fine and four-match ban Terry was cleared by London court last July of racially abusing QPR 's Anton Ferdinand Former England captain charged by FA with using abusive and/or insulting words and/or behavior Defender retired from international football after his position became ` untenable '
No matter what the ballots say , Friday will be historic for college sports . By noon , members of Northwestern University 's football team will have cast the ballots that will decide whether they will form a workers union and start demanding more rights . It 's a massive step toward changing the longstanding model of the NCAA , and the pressure has been mounting . There is some doubt that a majority will vote for it -- even though there initially seemed to be a lot of support on the team . How they vote wo n't be immediately known , since on Thursday the National Labor Relations Board granted Northwestern 's request to review a regional NLRB director 's decision that the players are employees of the university . It could be months before that review takes place and the votes wo n't be made public until that happens . Since the initial signatures were acquired and the petition was filed in January , the two main forces behind the union push -- National College Players Association President Ramogi Huma and former Northwestern quarterback Kain Colter -- went on a whirlwind tour meeting with lawmakers and lobbyists and speaking publicly about the push . They became especially vocal in February when Peter Sun Ohr , NLRB regional director in Chicago , ruled in their favor . Ohr agreed with their argument that the athletes are employees of the university who make money for their employer and are compensated with an education . The Chicago director agreed with them on almost every point they made at the hearing -- the most important being a recognition that athletes spend 40 to 50 hours a week focused on football -- well more than the maximum 20 that is allowed by the NCAA . But with that win came an influx of dissent from all directions . Former and current players , high-profile coaches , lawyers , lawmakers , college presidents , even some vocal NCAA reform advocates publicly said they did n't think a union was a good idea . Northwestern head coach Pat Fitzgerald , who initially tweeted in support of his former starting quarterback initiative , met with the current teammates and told them he did n't think a union was in their best interest . Two of the team 's top leaders -- current quarterback Trevor Siemian and running back Venric Mark -- backed their coach and publicly said they would not be voting in favor of unionizing . "  I just hope the NCAA does understand some things do need to change , " Mark told reporters after a spring practice on April 19 , "  but we do not need a third party to come in between us and the coaches . " A majority of the players who decide to cast a vote must vote in favor of the union for it to be successful . Meanwhile , today , the NCAA appears to be trying to answer some of the concerns of the reform advocates by proposing changes that would give the five power conferences -- Southeastern Conference , Atlantic Coast Conference , Big Ten , Big 12 and Pacific-12 -- more options in how they treat athletes . Among many proposed changes , the NCAA may consider allowing schools to increase scholarships to cover the cost of living , and not just the cost of tuition , for athletes . This all comes weeks after a class-action lawsuit filed by current players who want the NCAA compensation cap to be erased , and more than a month before trial is set to begin in the case of former UCLA basketball player Ed O'Bannon lawsuit 's against the NCAA . O'Bannon is suing on behalf of current football and men 's basketball players , and is seeking to get them a share of the millions that the NCAA makes off of their likenesses .	Northwestern University football players vote Friday on whether to unionize There is some doubt a majority will vote for it , though support was strong initially Many athletes , coaches , college presidents and others say a union is a bad idea Supporters say athletes , who generate huge money for schools , deserve protections
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court ruled Monday that federal judges have the discretion to give "  reasonably " shorter prison terms for crack-cocaine crimes to reduce the disparity with crimes involving cocaine powder . Lawyers argue that crack-cocaine offenders were unfairly targeted . The 7-2 ruling represents a victory for lawyers who argued that crack-cocaine offenders were unfairly targeted under U.S. sentencing guidelines . Current federal penalties for selling 5 grams of crack cocaine can warrant the same prison sentence as dealing 500 grams of the powdered variety . The Supreme Court case centered around Derrick Kimbrough of Norfolk , Virginia , who according to court records , pleaded guilty to distributing more than 50 grams of crack cocaine . Federal sentencing guidelines called for 19 to 22.5 years behind bars . But Judge Raymond Jackson instead gave the defendant a 15-year sentence , calling the case "  another example of how crack-cocaine guidelines are driving the offense level to a point higher than is necessary to do justice . " A federal appeals court overturned the case and sent it to a higher court , saying Jackson 's discretion was "  unreasonable when it is based on a disagreement with the sentencing disparity for crack and powder cocaine offenses . " Said Kimbrough 's attorney , Michael Nachmanoff in October , "  A sentence of 19 years for a man with no felony convictions who served his country honorably , who had never spent a night in jail ... that was ridiculous . " Kimbrough is a veteran of the 1991 Persian Gulf War and is African-American . African-Americans were nearly 82 percent of defendants sentenced in federal court for dealing crack , but only 27 percent of those sentenced for dealing powder cocaine , according to 2006 federal statistics . Each year , federal courts handle about 11,000 cocaine sentences , which are roughly evenly divided between crack and cocaine cases . The issue long has been a source of contention between government prosecutors and civil rights advocates , who argue crack dealers are often targeted for longer prison terms because that drug is prevalent in urban and minority communities , while the powdered version is more commonly associated with higher-income users . Writing for the majority , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg took a practical approach , saying it is important to preserve judicial discretion , while ensuring most sentences remain within federal guidelines established two decades ago to ensure a measure of uniformity . Ginsburg said a federal judge was right to give a crack offender a lesser prison term than the guidelines called for , since federal law "  mandates only maximum and minimum sentences , " she wrote . "  It says nothing about appropriate sentences within those statutory guidelines . " Ginsburg noted the trial judge "  honed in on the particular circumstances of Kimbrough 's case and accorded weight to " reports by the U.S. Sentencing Commission that show "  the crack/powder disparity yields unjustifiably harsh sentences for crack offenders . " Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito dissented in the Kimbrough case . Thomas said it will now be up to courts "  to assume the legislative role of devising a new sentencing scheme , " something Congress never intended . The government had no immediate reaction to the high court 's ruling . The U.S. Sentencing Commission -- an independent federal agency that advises all three branches of government on sentences -- recently cut the gap in recommended prison time for crack-cocaine offenses . The guidelines took effect November 1 after Congress decided not to overturn the changes . The commission is scheduled to vote Tuesday on whether to make those guidelines retroactive for prisoners convicted in the past of crack dealing . Almost 20,000 inmates could be eligible for shorter sentences under the proposed changes . Congress recently has introduced at least four bills that would reduce the current disparity in cocaine sentences . One widely circulated proposal led by Sens. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , and Edward Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , would revise the cocaine ratio downward to 20-to-1 . That ratio is also supported by the Sentencing Commission . Harsher sentences for crack offenses came after a social epidemic of crack cocaine began destroying many urban areas in the 1980s . "  The crack-cocaine guidelines were put in place because crack was fueling crime waves across the country , in particular with respect to street violence , " said Kendall Coffey , a former U.S. attorney in Miami who comments on legal matters for CNN . "  And it is clear that crack cocaine and white powder cocaine had a very different impact in terms of not only the lives of the users but the impact on the community . " The case is Kimbrough v. U.S.  06-6330  . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Justices Samuel Alito , Clarence Thomas dissent NEW : Justice Ginsburg writes , "  law says nothing about appropriate sentences " Supreme Court : Judges may impose shorter prison terms for crack cocaine Ruling aims to shrink disparity between powder cocaine and crack sentences
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy salvaged his "  frustrating year " with a dramatic victory in the Australian Open Sunday to shatter Adam Scott 's hopes of completing his domestic triple crown . World No. 2 Scott was bidding to match Robert Allenby 's 2005 feat of winning the Australian PGA , Australian Masters and Australian Open crowns in the same season , but instead McIlroy took advantage of some late lapses to capture his only title of 2013 . The Northern Irishman rolled home a 10-foot birdie putt on the final hole to complete a final round of six-under 66 for 18-under 270 . It left him a shot clear of Scott , who had led since carding a course record 62 at Royal Sydney on the first day . McIlroy , who has been blighted by problems both on and of the course , could scarcely believe his good fortune , but it was reward for dogged play having started the final round four shots behind Scott . "  I 'm really pleased but since September I 've just felt in a better place mentally with some of the things off the course , " he told gathered reporters . McIlroy , who has changed his management team , which now includes his father Gerry , showed promise of better things to come with his sixth place finish in the WGC-HSBC Champions event in China and tied fifth in the World Tour Championship in Dubai . Having started 2013 in top spot , he has slipped to sixth in the rankings with a previous best finish of second in the Texas Open and disappointing displays in the four majors . "  It 's been a frustrating year , " he admitted . "  I 've worked hard to win golf tournaments and it 's really nice to do it today . " U.S. Masters champion Scott looked a heavy favorite to finish the season on a historic high , but was let down by his putter . "  It was always going to be a tough day and Rory made his move and I just could n't knock in the putts you expect to make , " he said . Scott might have moved two clear of McIlroy but he three putted the 16th and lipped out a birdie effort on the 17th . Still leading by a shot playing the last , Scott 's approach went past the flag and a poor chip left him a 40 footer for par , which he missed , leaving the door open for two-time major winner McIlroy . Australia 's John Senden shot a final day 66 to claim third spot , seven shots adrift . But he secured one of three 2014 British Open Championship qualifying spots on offer this week , with the others claimed by compatriots Bryden Macpherson and Rhein Gibson . Meanwhile on the European Tour , former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel won the Alfred Dunhill Championship for the second straight year . The South African finished four shots clear of Englishman Richard Finch at Leopard Creek to delight the home galleries .	Rory McIlroy wins Australian Open by one shot Overhauls overnight leader Adam Scott Scott misses out on Australian ` triple crown ' First victory of 2013 for McIlroy
CNN  -- Pennsylvania 's highest court Wednesday upheld a judge 's earlier decision to grant a stay of execution for a man who says the person he killed had sexually abused him years earlier . The court 's decision denied prosecutors an emergency petition to have Terrance Williams , 46 , put to death on Wednesday , though the court could decide at a later point to have the execution go forward . "  As the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has now confirmed , Judge  M. Teresa  Sarmina 's grant of a stay was factually and legally sound , " said attorney Shawn Nolan . "  The Philadelphia District Attorney 's Office should stop its pursuit to execute Terry Williams . " No one disputes that Williams beat Amos Norwood to death with a tire iron in 1984 or that he should be in prison . But his defense team says information that Norwood had allegedly sexually abused Williams was withheld from the trial , and his life should be spent in a cell . Attorneys ask Pennsylvania judge to call off killer 's execution , citing sex abuse Last week , Sarmina , a common pleas court judge in Philadelphia , found "  reasonable probability " that the verdict might have been different had allegations of abuse surfaced during the initial case and that the relationship between the two men had been established but not disclosed . His attorneys have argued that the jurors who convicted Williams more than 25 years ago were told that it was a robbery-homicide case and never learned of the abuse allegations . Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams filed an emergency appeal , and has called the abuse allegations hearsay and "  a last-ditch effort to escape punishment . " Williams , the district attorney , said that although the high court denied the immediate review of the case , the ruling means the case would now proceed as a normal appeal . "  The Supreme Court will now have the time to look at all the facts , " the district attorney said in a statement . "  I continue to believe that this defendant received an appropriate sentence and that his new claims are not true . " Williams and accomplice Marc Draper led Norwood , 56 , to an area near a cemetery , forced him to lie on the ground , tied him up , gagged him and stole his valuables , the governor 's office said in a statement . "  Williams and Draper repeatedly beat the man with a tire iron and a socket wrench and then drove away in the victim 's car . Williams later returned and burned Norwood 's body , " the statement said . Draper is serving a life sentence . Since the execution date was set , a number of high-profile supporters have called for clemency in the case , including Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly . More than 360,000 people have signed an online petition asking authorities to spare Williams ' life . Norwood 's widow has also asked for the execution to be called off . But Norwood 's daughter wants the execution to go forward , the Philadelphia district attorney 's office said . She said Friday that accusations of sexual abuse were false and asked the court to uphold the death penalty . CNN 's Sheila Steffen contributed to this report	The court denied prosecutors an emergency petition to have Terrance Williams , 46 , put to death His attorneys have argued that the jurors were told that it was strictly a robbery-homicide case Defense team : Allegations that the victim had sexually abused Williams were withheld from trial
CNN  -- Both "  12 Years A Slave " and "  Gravity " lost out on the best ensemble prize at Saturday 's Screen Actors Guild Awards , but both films were still celebrating when the weekend ended . At the Producers Guild of America Awards on Sunday , the two critically acclaimed projects won the ceremony 's big prize , the Darryl F. Zanuck producer of the year award in theatrical motion pictures . The award is given out in recognition of the "  finest production work " of the year , but has also been a pretty solid predictor of which film will walk away with the best picture Oscar . But with Sunday 's tie -- the first of its kind in the PGA 's history -- prognosticators may have a harder time figuring out if it 's Alfonso Cuaron 's "  Gravity " that has a lock on best picture , or Steve McQueen 's "  12 Years A Slave . " On the animated film side , "  Frozen " was also honored for its production work , while "  Breaking Bad " and "  Modern Family " were awarded prizes for outstanding production of a TV drama and comedy , respectively .	Darryl F. Zanuck award is given for the "  finest production work " of the year The honor is often a good indicator of which film will win best Oscar The tie was the first in PGA history
PORT-AU-PRINCE , Haiti  CNN  -- At least 50 people have died in a school collapse in in Petionville , near the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince , officials said Friday night . Haitians try to help victims at a school that collapsed Friday in Petionville , near Port-au-Prince . Rescue personnel planned to continue working into the night to dig out students and teachers buried in the rubble , the Red Cross said . At least 100 people have been injured , the Haitian Civil Protection Bureau said . The death toll is expected to rise . Officials said the school could have held as many as 700 people when the collapse occurred at 10 a.m.  10 a.m. ET  Some students were in class while others were in a playground , Haitian media reported . "  We are looking at major casualties here , " Claudon said . He said dozens of students appeared to be trapped inside but could n't give an exact number . However , he said it was a typical school day and the building had been crowded . Most of the students at the College La Promesse Evangelique range in age from 10 to 20 , he said , but there are younger ones as well . Haitian press reports said the school has kindergarten , primary and secondary students . President Rene Preval and Prime Minister Michele Pierre-Louis toured the disaster area . "  I heard and saw with my own eyes children appealing for help , " Preval was quoted as saying on the French language www.haitipressnetwork.com . "  We are taking all necessary steps , " Pierre-Louis said . " The government has mobilized to save those who can be saved . " Preval asked residents to stay away from the area so police and rescue officials could do their work unimpeded . Michaele Gedeon , president of Haiti 's Red Cross , said she heard the voices of distraught children as rescuers tried to calm them while she was on the phone attempting to coordinate emergency rescue efforts . Watch as the Red Cross official describes the scene " "  On the phone , you can hear so many children , you know , crying , crying and saying , ` this one is dead , ' ` that one is dead , ' " she said . Claudon said hundreds of bystanders and rescue workers were digging through the rubble , but "  what we need right now is heavy search-and-rescue equipment . " Claudon later said , "  local authorities are doing their best . " Fifty to 60 patients , 30 of them severely injured , were taken to Trinite Hospital in Port-au-Prince , said Isabelle Mouniaman Nara , the head of mission in the capital for Medecins sans Frontieres . Another 150 patients were treated elsewhere , Nara said Friday night . The situation at Trinite "  is under control right now , " she said . Trinite is the only hospital open in Port-au-Prince , the group said . The other two , General Hospital and Hospital de la Paix , are closed by strikes . The school is in an extremely poor part of town , and the roads are nearly impassable , local journalist Clarens Renois said . A United Nations helicopter was unable to land , Renois said . "  The school is poorly built , " said Amelia Shaw , a journalist with United Nations TV who visited the scene . Renois described the building as "  not quite solid " with "  weak construction . " The school consisted of two floors with an addition built in the rear over a 200-foot ravine , Shaw said . The steep hillside , she said , is covered with shanty-like housing on both sides . The disaster occurred when the second floor crumbled onto the first , Shaw said . A disaster assistance response team from the U.S. Agency for International Development arrived on the scene within hours of the collapse , the agency said in a release . After assessing the situation , USAID activated its partner the Fairfax County Urban Search and Rescue Team . That team will be composed of 38 personnel , four search-and-rescue dogs and 31,000 pounds of rescue equipment and is expected to arrive Saturday . The Urban Search and Rescue Team will be accompanied by four additional USAID disaster experts . U.S. Ambassador Janet Sanderson expressed her condolences , haitipressnetwork.com reported .	NEW : At least 50 students killed , 100 injured ; toll is expected to rise Red Cross official says dozens of students appear to be trapped in Haiti school Rescue workers digging through rubble near Port-au-Prince , official says School could have as many as 700 people in it , rescue official says
CNN  -- Australia 's government is considering spending cuts and a special tax to help offset the massive economic impact of recent widespread flooding , the country 's prime minister said . "  There will certainly be spending cuts ... and there may also be a levy , " Prime Minister Julia Gillard told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation Thursday , according to a transcript of the interview released by her office . "  I 'm not in a position tonight to detail to you the areas . I am working on that now , " she added . Are you cleaning up from the floods ? Share your photos , videos and stories Official damage estimates for flooding are still being calculated . Earlier this month , Queensland state Premier Anna Bligh said rebuilding after the floods would have a "  multi-billion dollar price tag . " Floodwaters also inundated homes and devastated thousands of acres of crops in the southeastern states of New South Wales and Victoria . "  We do n't have the total damage bill yet , but I want to be very blunt with Australians . We have a lot of flood damage to repair in Queensland . There will be some economic effects on GDP growth , a short-term effect on inflation with food prices and the like , but our economy is strong and we will get through this by pulling together , " Gillard said . On Wednesday , Victoria state Premier Ted Baillieu said flooding in southern Australia and other parts of the country would have a significant economic impact nationwide . "  It is going to take some time . There is going to be a whack on our economy , " said Baillieu . "  And it will be that effect right across Australia from Queensland in the north to Victoria in the south . " Floods in Queensland state , which started more than a month ago , have killed at least 20 people , police said . The biggest impact to the economy is Australia 's burgeoning coal industry , which -- like other of the nation 's commodities -- helped buoy the nation 's economy through the Great Recession . Growth in Australia contracted during the financial crisis , but the economy escaped recession . Australia is the world 's largest supplier of coking coal , essential in steel-making , and is the second largest supplier of thermal coal used in power plants . Earlier this month the floods caused world coal prices to hit a two-year high . The Queensland region also is a major exporter of sugar , cotton and wheat . CNN 's John Raedler and Kevin Voigt contributed to this report .	In a television interview , Prime Minister Julia Gillard says she is pinpointing possible spending cuts "  I want to be very blunt with Australians . We have a lot of flood damage to repair , " she says Official damage estimates for flooding are still being calculated Queensland state 's premier has said rebuilding will have a "  multi-billion dollar price tag "
CNN  -- Singer Stephen Gately , a member of the Irish band Boyzone , died of natural causes , a court spokeswoman on the Spanish island of Majorca said Tuesday . Stephen Gately died Saturday while he and his partner were visiting the Spanish island of Majorca . The court spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified , said Gately , 33 , died Saturday of acute pulmonary edema , according to preliminary autopsy reports . There was no sign of violence in his death , the spokeswoman said . The judge has authorized Gately 's family to transfer the body out of Spain , the spokeswoman added . According to the Mayo Clinic , pulmonary edema is caused by excess fluid in the lungs . The fluid collects in the lungs ' air sacs , making it difficult to breathe . Gately 's partner , Andrew Cowles , testified before an investigating magistrate for about 15 minutes Tuesday , while the autopsy was conducted nearby at the island 's forensic institute , the court spokeswoman said . Authorities will send samples from the body to a laboratory in Barcelona . Meanwhile , the court will hear testimony from other witnesses , the court spokeswoman said . The case will be shelved judicially only after the definitive laboratory results have been received , confirming the presumed natural death , the spokeswoman said . Health Library : What is pulmonary edema ? In a statement on the Boyzone Web site , Gately 's fellow bandmates , Ronan Keating , Keith Duffy , Mikey Graham and Shane Lynch said : "  We are completely devastated by the loss of our friend and brother , Stephen . We have shared such wonderful times together over the years and were all looking forward to sharing many more . "  Stephen was a beautiful person in both body and spirit . He lit up our lives and those of the many friends he had all over the world . Our love and sympathy go out to Andrew and Stephen 's family . We love you and will miss you forever , ` Steo . ' " Boyzone made history in the United Kingdom with 16 consecutive Top Five hits , according to Ticketmaster 's Web site . It 's one of Ireland 's best-selling bands , with six No. 1 singles in the United Kingdom , and four No. 1 albums , Ticketmaster said . The group , which separated in 2000 to pursue solo projects , reunited in 2008 . Its greatest hits album -- "  Back Again ... No Matter What " -- was released last year . Gately joined the band in 1993 after answering an audition ad . "  A lot of people did n't think we would make it out of Ireland back then , " he said previously on the group 's Web site . "  We were overwhelmed when Boyzone began to take off , it was incredible . " CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this story .	Boyzone singer Stephen Gately , 33 , died Saturday in Majorca Cause was acute pulmonary edema , preliminary autopsy showed Judge authorizes family to transfer body out of Spain Boyzone had six No. 1 singles in U.K. , four No. 1 albums
CNN  -- Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych offered amnesty to the protesters detained after mass anti-government rallies in Kiev , the President 's office said Friday . Yanukovych said authorities should "  release the arrested people and even those who have already been convicted . We should put an end to this conflict . " Ukrainian protesters , angry about the government 's decision last month to spurn a free-trade agreement with the European Union in favor of closer economic ties with Moscow , have stood their ground in Kiev 's Independence Square , or Maidan , paralyzing the center of the capital . On Thursday , the European Union 's top diplomat said the Ukrainian President intends to sign a deal on closer EU ties after weeks of the mass protests . The Ukrainian President made a comment to the same effect : "  We are not refusing and have not refused European integration , " Yanukovych said . "  We went and will go on the path of reform , which will bring us closer toward European criteria . " The President criticized both protesters and police for their actions in the clashes . "  I will say frankly : I am indignant at radical actions of provocateurs and law enforcement officials that were not always adequate , " he said . "  Different people stand for different positions , but they all are our compatriots and we must listen to them and take their point of view into account , " he said . "  There is a common desire to make our life better . " Yanukovych spoke Friday at a round-table talk with three Ukrainian opposition leaders . Opposition leader and boxing world champion Vitaly Klitschko said Friday that his Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform party will take part in the round-table talks and that he believes that the only way out of the political crisis is a complete reboot of power , namely early presidential and parliamentary elections . Ukraine is split between pro-European regions in the west and a more Russia-oriented east . Protesters have said an EU agreement would open borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion . They accuse Yanukovych of preparing to take the country into a Moscow-led customs union . Journalist Victoria Butenko and CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych says he is offering amnesty to jailed protesters He also says he is moving toward closer ties with the European Union Protesters were upset that he spurned an agreement with the EU
CNN  -- Jennifer Kirkland says she caught her 6-year-old son Ethan just staring at a school bus the other day . He was mesmerized , his eyes locked on the yellow vehicle . He did n't say a thing , and she did n't know what to say to him . The last time he was on a bus , he was sitting just behind the driver -- as he always did -- waiting for his stop so he could go home . But the "  bad man " got on , and killed the driver , his buddy Mr. Poland . Appearing on the "  Dr. Phil " show , Kirkland told Phil McGraw she was worried how her little boy was going to react the next time she tried to put him on the bus to school . After being kidnapped , the recovery ahead Ethan has been having a hard time sleeping , she told the psychologist turned syndicated daytime talk show host . He thrashes his arms , tosses and turns and sometimes he calls out . It has only been almost 10 days since the FBI sent a rescue team into the bunker in Midland City , Alabama , where Ethan was held hostage for nearly a week by Jimmy Lee Dykes . His mother has n't asked Ethan what happened when he was there . "  I have not talked to Ethan about it , " she said in an interview aired Wednesday . "  I do n't know how to . As a mother I want him to know that I 'm there if he needs to talk . I do n't know how to respond because I have never been through this . " Inside the bunker : From storm shelter to boy 's prison Ethan has seen two people shot to death . Dykes shot bus driver Charles Poland several times before he carried Ethan , who had fainted , off the bus and into an underground bunker Dykes had built on his property . Then the FBI killed Dykes when negotiations broke down and authorities felt they had to rescue the boy before Dykes , who had a handgun , did something rash . "  The Army came in and shot the bad man , " Kirkland said Ethan told her . Kirkland said she had hoped Dykes would n't be harmed . "  From the very beginning , I had already forgiven Mr. Dykes even though he had my child , " she said . "  I could not be angry through this . My job was to be the mother . " She thinks Dykes had a soft spot for Ethan because he has disabilities . Dykes took care of her boy as best he could , she said . He even fried chicken for the boy . Still , as the crisis continued , she worried that Dykes might be spooked by something her child did -- or that he had enough supplies to stay down there for months . She worried her boy would think she had abandoned him . She asked authorities to let her speak to Dykes . "  That 's my baby . He 's my world . He 's my everything , " she said . "  Everything I do I do for him . And I was afraid I was n't going to get him back . " When she did get him back , he was in the hospital , putting stickers on everyone in sight . "  Hey , bug , I sure have missed you , " she recounted . "  I missed you , too , " he answered . FBI : Bombs found in Alabama kidnapper 's bunker Now she worries that even though he seems like the same playful little boy , there is an emotional storm ahead . McGraw told her to talk to Ethan about his feelings , not what happened to him in the bunker . "  Let that decay in his young mind , " he said . McGraw asked Ethan a few questions , but as 6-year-olds are apt to do , he answered most with a "  Yes " or a "  No . " But when the doctor asked him how he got to school , Ethan said , "  On my bus , but my ... " Then he walked over to his mother and as if telling a secret , whispered in her ear , "  But my bus driver is dead . " Kirkland told McGraw that it was Poland who helped Ethan conquer his fear of descending the steep school bus steps . Poland would cheer Ethan on and one day when the child hesitated and the mother went to help , the driver said , "  Let him do it . " Since then , Ethan has had no problem . But now his cheerleader wo n't be there , and Kirkland is anguished about her boy . "  Mr. Poland put him behind him so he could keep a good eye on him , " she said . Ethan has n't been back to school yet . He 's been busy opening birthday presents and playing with his favorite toys . On Wednesday , he made a new friend in Gov. Robert Bentley . There 's a picture from the event where little Ethan is sitting underneath the governor 's desk . The child is beaming . "  Ethan is a loving , forgiving child , " Kirkland said . "  He is easy to go up to a perfect stranger and say , ` Can I have a hug ? ' " That was the boy who went into that bunker . She is concerned it 's not the child who came out .	Phil McGraw speaks with mother of former Alabama child hostage She tells him she worried about trying to put him back on a school bus Ethan told her the Army killed the ` bad man ' The 6-year-old tells his mom that ` My bus driver is dead '
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The judge declared a mistrial in the sham marriage trial of Mexican soap opera actress Fernanda Romero on Friday after jurors said they were deadlocked with no hope of agreeing . The U.S. Attorney 's office did not immediately say if the case will be retried , but the judge set a hearing for January to discuss the case . A defense lawyer said the Romero was disappointed that the prosecution of her may continue . It was a trial filled with so many twists and turns that the judge compared it to a soap opera . Most of the 12 jurors individually told the judge on Thursday that they could not reach a verdict unless he replaced a "  hostile " member of the jury . The juror was kept on the panel . "  It would be extremely difficult , " one male juror told the judge . U.S. District Judge Manuel Real decided not to remove the woman and instead ordered jurors to keep trying . Ultimately , they could not decide if Romero married Kent Ross , a pizza delivery man and musician , for love or for a U.S. work visa . Jurors heard the tearful testimony of the actress proclaiming love for her husband , along with evidence she engaged in a romance with a photographer less than a year after her wedding . The prosecutor argued Romero paid Ross $ 5,000 to be her husband in June 2005 so she could get a U.S. work visa . "  Why would anybody have to be paid to marry her ? " asked defense lawyer Michael Nasatir , pointing to the beautiful actress-singer-model . Romero and Ross were both 23 when they had a Los Angeles wedding . Only the bride 's mother and a handful of others attended , but Romero said a larger wedding was impossible because he is a Mormon and she 's a devout Catholic . There was no honeymoon , which Special Assistant U.S. Attorney James Left argued was evidence of a sham marriage . "  You 'd figure they could go somewhere , Palm Springs , San Diego , " Left said during closing arguments Wednesday . They did have pictures together , which the prosecution suggested were staged to present to immigration officials who would decide on her green card . When immigration agents conducted a surprise "  bed check " at Romero 's Los Angeles apartment in October 2007 they found her , but not him . They found Ross at a Hollywood apartment , they testified . Romero testified that she really loved Ross when they got married and she intended to build a life with him . The first months were "  very loving , fun , " she said . "  We socialized together , passionate . It was the honeymoon stage , " she said . But his drinking and late night cavorting split them just seven months after their wedding , she said . "  We started to fight a lot , sweat a lot , throw things . It was not healthy , " Romero said . Her defense lawyer argued jurors only have to conclude that the marriage was real when it began . "  There are all kinds of marriages , " Nasatir said . "  No one else knows if people are in love . " The case is unusual because marriage fraud charges are usually litigated by immigration authorities rather than prosecuted as criminal cases . Judge Real blocked the defense from using much of the evidence they said would show it was only investigated because Romero was turned in by a vengeful photographer angry that she rebuffed his romantic advances . She met Markus Klinko at a Hollywood casting call about the same time her marriage was "  on the rocks , " she said . Klinko , a 49-year-old Swiss native , is the star of his own reality TV show -- Bravo 's "  Double Exposure . " Romero said the relationship initially was "  professional and creative , " but she eventually engaged in a "  short affair " with Klinko as he helped with her modeling career . "  I felt very pressured and I was vulnerable , " Romero said as she cried . "  It was the biggest mistake I 've done in my life . " Her friendship with Klinko turned into a nightmare when she decided to end the affair , she said . "  Mr. Klinko wanted more and more and he knew I was n't able to give it to him , " she said . Klinko threatened to turn her in to immigration officials , she said . "  He was losing it , he was very psycho , " Romero said . "  I was very scared , because he would n't stop . " The federal complaint against Romero said the immigration investigation began after agents were given evidence gathered by a private detective hired by Klinko . When Klinko testified for the prosecution last week , he said it was "  completely incorrect " that his motivation was to get Romero deported . Instead , the investigator was gathering evidence to be used in a lawsuit against Michael Ball , the founder and owner of the Rock & Republic fashion company , Klinko said . The criminal complaint named Ball as a target of the federal investigation , alleging that he helped arrange the sham marriage while Romero was modeling for his company . Klinko said his lawyer turned the evidence over to the government only because he feared Klinko might be extorted by Ball . "  My case has never been against Fernanda , " Klinko said after his testimony . "  I wish her the best . " They could get between 15 and 21 months in prison if convicted , though such cases usually produce shorter sentences , according to the prosecutor . Romero 's show business career began in Mexico at age 16 when she joined the ensemble Frizzby , her Internet Movie Database biography says . The group toured Mexico and Central America , releasing two top-10 singles , it says . She started hosting television shows and appearing on commercials in Mexico when she was 18 , it says . Romero has appeared in print and TV ad campaigns for Rock and Republic , Clean and Clear , Pepsi , Apple and JC Penney , it says . "  She was cast in Telemundo 's original production ` Wounded Soul , ' where she was not only a lead actress , but also a lead singer , performing two songs in the soap opera 's soundtrack , " her online biography says .	NEW : Judge in Los Angeles declares a mistrial Most jurors said it was impossible to reach a verdict with a "  hostile " juror The judge decided not to replace that juror Actress Fernanda Romero allegedly paid man to marry her for a green card
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has blasted the United States for the arrest Thursday of an Iranian and called for his immediate release . Iraqi President Jalal Talabani says an Iranian detained by the U.S. was a civil servant on a trade mission . The U.S. military said the detainee is a member of an elite Iranian unit that has been accused of training and equipping insurgents in Iraq , but Talabani said he is a civil servant who was on an official trade mission in Iraq 's Kurdistan region . The "  letter of resentment " was dated Thursday and addressed to Ryan Crocker , U.S. ambassador to Iraq , and Gen. John Petraeus . Presumably , the Iraqi president was referring to U.S. Gen. David Petraeus , commander of multinational forces in Iraq . Iraqi and Kurdish regional government representatives were aware of the man 's presence , Talabani wrote . As a result of the incident , Tehran threatened to close its border with the Kurdistan region unless the detainee , identified as Agay Mahmoody Farhadi , is released . Closing the border would cause "  severe damage to markets and trade in the province on this blessed month , " Talabani said , referring to Ramadan . "  Therefore , I express to you our outrage for these American forces arresting this Iranian civil official visitor without informing or cooperating with the government of the Kurdistan region , which means insult and disregard for its rights , " he wrote . "  I call for his release immediately in the interest of the Iraq Kurdistan region and the Iranian-Iraqi relations . " The detainee belongs to Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps-Quds Force , "  a covert action arm of the Iranian government responsible for aiding lethal attacks against the Iraqi government and coalition forces , " the U.S. military said . The military said the man "  has been involved in transporting improvised explosive devices and explosively formed penetrators into Iraq . Intelligence reports also indicate he was involved in the infiltration and training of foreign terrorists in Iraq . " He is one of several Iranians in U.S. custody in Iraq . E-mail to a friend	In letter , Jalal Talabani says detainee is civil servant on trade mission U.S. military says man belongs to elite unit that trains , equips insurgents Man was merely doing business in Kurdistan region , Talabani says Iran threatens to close border , which would harm trade , he says
CNN  -- English Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore has told CNN Sport that there is no chance of the top European clubs forming a breakaway league to rival the Champions League . The possibility of a breakaway league has been mooted for several years and earlier this week Barcelona president Sandro Rossell suggested that Champions League matches should be played at the weekend , with the top European leagues all being reduced to 16 teams to accommodate the fixtures . However , speaking exclusively to CNN Sport 's Don Riddell , Scudamore rejected any such notions and insisted that the Champions League will remain a midweek competition . "  A breakaway league is just not going to happen , " said Scudamore . "  What has been said has been said but I 'm not going to go along with the sentiment . "  In reality we have a Champions League , it 's a fantastic competition . Obviously there are some things the clubs would like to alter and ultimately discussions will take place and UEFA will do something to make sure things stay intact . " Scudamore added : "  But when it comes to ultimate football sanctions you just ca n't break away . The only reason the Premier League was formed was because it had the permission of our Football Association . "  They are the ultimate arbiters of football in this country and for anyone else to go and play unsanctioned competitions is unthinkable . UEFA would have to agree with what happened , so the idea that anybody in football can just break away and do what they want is just impossible . " And speaking specifically about Rossell 's comments , Scudamore continued : "  What he said was from a Barcelona-centric view . "  Our clubs will not be playing European football on a weekend . European football is a midweek competition , and domestic football is a weekend competition . " With six of the current top eight Premier League clubs now under foreign ownership , there has been talk the league might go the same way as American sport , with a franchise system and no promotion and relegation . However , Scudamore was quick to dispel any fears of this , saying : "  It does n't matter to us whether the owners are foreign or English , what matters to us is how they run their clubs . "  This idea that everyone who is a non-English owner is sat somewhere in a members club with these eight or nine other foreign owners , somehow with a common view , is nonsensical . " He added : "  The one thing I ca n't see changing is promotion and relegation . That 's the lifeblood of the whole league . "  Last season Wolverhampton Wanderers were bottom but they still ended up defeating Manchester United -- and there is no other league in the world when the bottom teams can be competitive with the top . It 's because they have to fight to avoid relegation . "	CNN Sport speaks exclusively to English Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore Scudamore reveals there is "  no chance " of top European clubs forming a breakaway league He also rejects Sandro Rossell 's recent comments about European matches on a weekend
CNN  -- Australia 's Samantha Stosur produced one of the biggest shocks in U.S. Open final history , beating Serena Williams in straight sets at Flushing Meadows to secure her first Grand Slam success . Williams , bidding for her fourth U.S. Open crown , had gone into the match as a hot favorite despite a troubled year blighted by injury and serious illness . But Stosur never allowed the American , who was cheered on by a patriotic New York crowd on the 10th anniversary of 9/11 , to settle -- claiming a spectacular 6-2 6-3 triumph in 73 minutes , as Williams lost her cool following a contentious umpiring decision . "  I had one of my best days and I 'm very fortunate that I had it on this stage in New York , " Stosur said after the match . "  Ever since I started playing , it was a dream of mine to be here one day , and now my dream has come true . " Stosur breaks Aussie drought Stosur , whose run to the final included a marathon third-round victory over Nadia Petrova that lasted a tournament record three hours and 16 minutes , continued : "  Serena , you are a fantastic player , great champion and have done wonders for our sport . "  Thanks to everyone back home for supporting me . All my friends , family and everyone else , thanks so much for supporting me . I look forward to coming back home . " Although she was only seeded 28th , Williams came into the tournament bang in form after winning two warm-up events -- including victory over Stosur in the final of the Rogers Cup in Toronto . And the American was mightily impressive in dismantling world number one Caroline Wozniacki in the semifinals , while ninth seed Stosur struggled to beat unseeded German Angelique Kerber in three sets in the other semi . With emotions high among New Yorkers , on a poignant day for the city , a Williams win looked set to provide the United States with a fitting end to a difficult occasion . But Stosur , whose only previous Grand Slam final appearance came last year when she lost the French Open to Francesca Schiavone , did not read the script , dominating the opening set against the 13-time Grand Slam champion , who had reached this stage without dropping a set in the tournament . Stosur broke Williams to lead 2-1 and then won the last 12 point of the set in an impressive display of pace and power . Then came the talking point of the match . Williams had already saved one break point in the first game of the second set . However , on the second break point , the American shouted "  come on " as she unleashed a fierce forehand before Stosur had reached the ball . Umpire Eva Asdaraki immediately penalized Williams for "  intentional hindrance , " and the point and the game went to Stosur . Williams reacted angrily to the decision and was then given a code violation for verbal abuse . The American immediately broke back and then held serve but continued to berate the umpire at the changeover , as her composure ebbed away . "  Do n't even look at me -- If I see you in the corridor do n't even walk past me , " shouted the 29-year-old . "  A code violation for expressing my opinion ? , we 're in America -- you 're unattractive inside " Stosur then broke serve to take a 4-3 lead and broke Williams again to clinch a famous victory -- becoming the first Australian women 's winner at Flushing Meadows since Margaret Court in 1973 . When asked about the incident after the match , Williams said : "  I was just doing my best . I hit a winner but I guess it did n't count . It would n't have mattered anyway because Sam played really well and she is a great player . " She continued : "  Six months ago I did n't think I would be standing here . I did n't think I would even be standing , let alone be here . " Stosur 's victory means she joins Li Na and Petra Kvitova as first time Grand Slam winners this year .	Samantha Stosur is the new U.S. Open champion after beating Serena Williams The Australian proves too strong for favorite Williams , winning 6-2 6-3 in 73 minutes Williams loses her cool after being penalized for "  intentional hindrance " It is Stosur 's first Grand Slam success in her second major tournament final
Istanbul  CNN  -- The Turkish prime minister huddled Wednesday with a special Syrian envoy in an effort to help stem the growing tide of refugees racing into Turkey from conflict-wracked Syria . The number of Syrians who have crossed the border stood at 8,421 Wednesday morning , according to Turkey 's disaster and emergency management directorate . Their flight has been spurred by violence and a military offensive in the country , and Turkish officials are worried that the border crisis could deteriorate and destabilize the region . World powers have been outraged at the violence , and at least 54 countries are backing a tough resolution on Syria that was to be issued Wednesday at the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva , Switzerland . "  It is impossible for us to remain indifferent to the developments there , " Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said . "  For us , the Syrians are people who have common future and destiny with us . Therefore , it is out of question to close the door to our Syrian brothers or the  refugee numbers  to stop after 10,000 . However , when this turns into a big wave , it also has the potential to become a regional and an international matter . " Syrian security personnel have been carrying out a fierce crackdown against anti-government demonstrators over the past three months . In its draft joint statement about Syria , the U.N. Human Rights Council noted that more than 1,000 people "  peacefully protesting for democracy " have been killed . "  The continued violence , multiday curfews and military lockdowns are restricting access to basic goods and services , such as health care , medicines and food , causing great concern for the situation of children , the elderly , the sick and wounded , as well as refugees and other vulnerable groups . Injured and wounded people must be allowed to seek treatment without fear of reprisals , " it said . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan met for nearly three hours with the envoy , who was expected to provide an assessment of the refugee situation and the wider political unrest in Syria , according to an official from Erdogan 's office . The envoy represented Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , and the meeting followed a telephone conversation Erdogan and al-Assad had Tuesday . Davutoglu , who spoke at the airport in Ankara before flying to Hatay for a visit with the refugees , said Turkey hopes to initiate reforms that would alleviate the volatile conditions leading to the flight of ordinary citizens . He planned to attend the meeting between Erdogan and the Syrian envoy after his visit to Hatay . Davutoglu said that "  escalating violence can increase the refugee wave " and that Turkey is working on ways "  to prevent escalation of violence . " His government touts a foreign policy dubbed "  no problems , " a strategy intended to promote good relations with its neighbors . That policy has been challenged by the Syrian situation . Turkey fears a repeat of the enormous Kurdish refugee exodus from northern Iraq in 1991 , and the country has spent the past decade promoting warm relations and lucrative economic ties with Syria 's al-Assad . But over the past month , Erdogan began calling for reform in Damascus in a bid to curb the escalating violence . "  We hope that Syria changes its attitude toward the civilians to a more tolerant one and realize its steps for reform in a more convincing way for the civilians , " Erdogan said last week , according to the semi-official Anatolia news agency . Davutoglu said Turkey 's "  wish and effort is for a process to begin at once that can prevent such a wave to continue increasingly . " He pointed to "  reforms to be made as soon as possible , conditions to be eliminated that bring security forces and people against each other and to have a more peaceful approach , beyond focusing on security , in the attitude towards the civilian people . If all these were provided , the refugee wave would lessen . " Of the refugees , 4,368 are children , and 73 Syrians are now being treated in Turkish hospitals , the emergency directorate said . More than 1,230 tents have been set up in a number of locations . Turkish Foreign Ministry officials confirmed that they accepted an application for actress Angelina Jolie to visit the Syrian refugees in Hatay . The actress , a goodwill ambassador for the U.N. refugee agency , is expected to arrive in Istanbul and then head Friday to Hatay . Many displaced Syrians have fled toward the border but have not made it over . CNN 's Arwa Damon met with some of them at a makeshift campsite Tuesday in Syria , where they described primitive conditions at the site and frightening and deadly violence in the towns that they left . Many of the refugees have fled from a region that includes the northwestern town of Jisr al-Shugur , seized by the Syrian military over the weekend , a network of human rights activists said . The Syrian government insists that it is stopping "  armed terrorist groups " who carried out a "  massacre " in the city : the killing 120 members of the security forces . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said Wednesday that one of its correspondents is reporting a "  new mass grave " in Jisr al-Shugur "  containing bodies belonging to police and security forces " slain by "  armed terrorist groups . " Opposition activists say the government 's claims are a ruse to justify a crackdown on demonstrators demanding government reform , in keeping with the wave of political protests across the Middle East and North Africa this year . But Syrian refugees who have fled to Turkey said some Syrian soldiers rebelled after being ordered to fire on unarmed protesters and instead started fighting among themselves . Syria 's cabinet on Tuesday hailed efforts by the army and security forces to restore calm in the Jisr al-Shugur area and surrounding villages , according to the SANA . Adnan Mahmoud , the information minister , said the Cabinet urged citizens "  who were forced to leave their homes to come back after calm and security were restored in the area , " SANA said . SANA later reported that thousands of Jisr al-Shugur residents had "  returned to their houses after the army restored security and tranquility to the city . " The minister said the cabinet "  assigned the Syrian Arab Red Crescent to contact the Turkish Red Crescent for cooperation to facilitate the Syrian citizens ' return to their homes , noting that all necessary needs will be provided to secure the return , including medical aid for the patients and the injured . " Wissam Tarif , a human rights activist based outside Syria , said he had not received reports of people returning to their homes . His contacts told him that military deployments were in villages around the city of Jisr al-Shugur , and army vehicles nearby in the village of al-Jandouwiye . Tarif said he had received no report that the people of Jisr al-Shugur were returning to their homes . As many as 800 people were detained in the past few days in the towns of Douma , Saqba and Daraya , either in raids on homes or at military checkpoints , Tarif said . He also reported the defection of an unspecified number of Syrian troops in Homs . In its joint draft joint statement on Syria , the Human Rights Council called on Syria to implement reforms and end censorship and restrictions on media . "  Arbitrary arrests , detention and torture , including of protestors , of human rights defenders , of representatives of the media , political dissidents , and young children must cease immediately , " the statement said . CNN 's Nada Husseini contributed to this report .	A Human Rights Council draft statement is getting support Angelina Jolie is to visit refugees in Syria this week A human rights activist is reporting hundreds of arrests in Syria The state-run news agency reports mass grave containing security personnel
Washington  CNN  -- Weeks after the U.S. Southern Command began investigating reports that 12 troops engaged in misconduct during President Obama 's visit to Cartagena , Colombia , the entire matter is still being reviewed to see if the evidence is strong enough for the military to take disciplinary action against those alleged to have been involved . Military lawyers at U.S. Southern Command "  are evaluating evidence obtained during the investigation to determine admissibility and strength of the evidence , " the U.S. Southern Command said in a statement updating the status of the investigation . The individual military services have reviewed the evidence against the 12 individuals and made their recommendations to Gen. Douglas Fraser , the commanding general of Southern Command . It is now up to him , pending advice from his legal team , to make the decision on how to proceed . There are three options if there is a decision to take action . One is adverse administrative action , which could include a letter of reprimand or admonishment . Generally these types of actions end careers . A second is nonjudicial punishment , which could include withholding pay , reduction in ranks or confinement . These actions can be appealed by a service member , who can challenge the evidence and call witnesses . The third is military court-martial , which can lead to trial and conviction . "  Gen. Fraser is also carefully reviewing the information and is required by law to consider numerous factors to include the nature of the offenses , any mitigating or extenuating circumstances , the character and military service of the suspects and the recommendations of subordinate commanders . The goal is a disposition that is warranted , based on admissible evidence , just , appropriate and fair , " the Southern Command statement said .	12 troops investigated for their conduct on Obama Colombia trip Services have reviewed evidence and made their recommendations Gen. Douglas Fraser , the commanding general of Southern Command , will decide
Tokyo  CNN  A Japanese man has been sentenced to six years in jail for slashing two members of popular J-pop group AKB48 with a saw at a fan event . Satoru Umeta , 24 , was convicted of assaulting singers Rina Kawaei and Anna Iriyama , both 19 , along with one of the group 's male employees at a "  hand-shaking event " for fans in Takizawa City , Iwate Prefecture last May , CNN 's affiliate TV Asahi reported . The attack left the three victims severely injured , according to Japan 's Kyodo news agency . Handing down the sentence in the Morioka District Court , Judge Takehiko Okada said that the consequences of the attack -- which involved a foldable saw fitted with box cutter blades -- could have been worse . "  What he did was a dangerous act that might have claimed the lives of the victims , " said Okada . The unemployed Umeta had been motivated to commit the attack out of his frustration at failing to find a job , the judge said . The month after the attack , Kawaei appeared amid tight security at a stadium in Tokyo for the group 's "  general election " to hear the results of a ballot as to who would lead the band for the coming year . Named for Tokyo 's Akihabara district , where the group has a theater , and the number of members in its initial lineup , the band holds the Guinness Record for being the world 's largest pop group . It currently lists 186 members on its website . Engineered to be accessible to its passionate fanbase , the group is subdivided into various units , allowing one team to perform while the others tour , promote or record . Concerts at their theater are so popular that tickets for the daily performances are allocated on a lottery system . The formula has made AKB48 one of Japan 's best-selling musical acts , and won them fans elsewhere in Asia , with "  sister groups " in Indonesia , Taiwan and China . But the group has also attracted its share of criticism , with questions raised over its occasionally sexualized lyrics , and the group 's management accused of exploiting its young charges . In February 2013 , eyebrows were raised when member Minami Minegishi appeared in a YouTube video with a shaven head , making a tearful apology for having stayed the night at a male friend 's place -- against the group 's strict code of conduct . READ MORE : When a pop star break 's J-pop 's ` bushido code '	A man is sentenced over a saw attack on two members of J-pop group AKB48 The attack left the teens , and a member of staff , severely injured The world 's biggest pop group , AKB48 currently lists 186 members on its website
Washington  CNN  -- As Congress leaves the Capitol for its five-week August recess , freshman Rep. Eric Swalwell is headed home a little frustrated . "  The biggest problem for me is we 're voting on extremes . You do n't see compromise bills , " he said Thursday evening on the east steps of the Capitol after a vote . "  When they 're voting to just repeal the Affordable Care Act  Obamacare  , I want to mend it , not end it . The bills are ` repeal it , ' with no other solution . " As if to prove his point , in its last act before the recess , the Republican-controlled House on Friday passed a resolution to prevent the Internal Revenue Service from implementing Obamacare -- the 40th time it has voted to repeal , dismantle or defund the Affordable Care Act . With Democrats in control of the Senate , the measure has no chance of passing there . Obamacare battle heads to states Swalwell , who represents California 's 15th District , which encompasses part of Silicon Valley and is considered one of the country 's wealthiest , defeated fellow Democrat Rep. Pete Stark last year . The 32-year-old was n't yet born when Stark was first elected to Congress in 1973 . "  New energy , new ideas is what -LSB- my campaign -RSB- was about , " he said . "  Using social media to reach different people . " But seven months in , he finds the pace a bit sluggish . "  It 's frustrating , " he said . "  I was a prosecutor before I came here , so I would get a case , I would review the evidence , put it in front of a jury , get a verdict . Move on . Here John Dingell put a health care bill in the hopper every year for 50 years before we got health care . The place just moves slower than I like . " "  Right now we 're throwing one-yard passes and I want to throw a touchdown . " How low can Congress go ? Swalwell is also frustrated by some of the archaic practices of the institution and thinks it needs "  a serious technological upgrade . " "  It 's an institution that still operates under many 18th century rules , " he said . "  And I think we can honor the tradition of the institution and still upgrade the institution and use a lot of technologies that private industry uses . " Swalwell is a big proponent of social media and is pushing for Congress to use it more , but his Vining his "  no " vote on a House bill that would ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy broke a House rule on video recording in the chamber . Leaders issued a statement stressing the rule but Swalwell stood by his Vine . Swalwell has formed a bipartisan group of about 30 House freshmen called the United Solutions Caucus , which held a forum on Thursday in which both the liberal Center for American Progress and the conservative Heritage Foundation participated . Then his office threw a barbecue on the balcony . To try and get Congress to get more work done , Swalwell and and Republican Rep. Steve Pearce of New Mexico proposed electronic voting from districts on non-substantive bills , "  So , when we 're actually here ,  we can  do real , substantive work rather than these suspension bills where we 're just stating the sense of Congress or allowing the Boy Scouts to use the Capitol grounds for the Soap Box Derby . " CNN analysis : Congress in D.C. far less than it used to be On the eve of his last day in session until September , Swalwell prepared to explain to his constituents his frustrations over Obamacare , which both sides expect to be a contentious topic in town hall meetings across the country this year . "  We 've heard from groups on the left and the right , from business and labor about issues on the Affordable Care Act , but that 's not what we 're voting on . And so it 's hard to go back home and say , ` All I 've been able to vote on is something that wants to end it , ' " he said . "  That 's frustrating . You get these false choices , and there 's a lot more in the middle that I think we could work on . " Immigration activists are n't taking a recess "  I do n't think the American public realizes that . They think you vote on all this stuff , every bill introduced you get to vote on . But the truth is you 're kind of set up with these false choices and that 's frustrating . " But he 's also looking forward to his return and working with his freshmen classmates to find some middle ground . "  You just keep trying , " he said . "  It takes a snowball to create an avalanche . We came here to be problem-solvers ; we did n't come here to throw bombs and divide us further . So we just need to keep trying . " "  I 'm not na  ve , " he continued . "  It 's not going to happen overnight , but I do think there is a spirit , especially among many in the freshman class , that we can get rid of these false choices , the extremes , and try and find real compromise . "  I do n't want to be a jaded sophomore . "	Freshman Rep. Eric Swalwell unseated long-time congressman last year ` Biggest problem is we 're voting on extremes , ' Swalwell said Swalwell says the institution could use ' a serious technological upgrade ' California congressman formed bipartisan group of about 30 fellow freshmen
CNN  He wishes he could cry uncontrollably , like his grief-stricken wife . But he 's still in shock . Mohammad Abu-Salha knows at some moment something will unpin his anguish . "  It will come , when I 'm by myself . It will come at night . It will come when I see their faces . " Much of Chapel Hill , North Carolina , is grieving at vigils and prayer services after three students were found shot to death . But for Abu-Salha , that has to wait . He needs to share with the world how wonderful the three were , how they left a light in their lives . Razan Mohammad Abu-Salha , 19 , and Yusor Mohammad , 21 , were his daughters . Deah Shaddy Barakat , 23 , was his son-in-law , who recently wed Yusor . Mohammad Abu-Salha , other family members and many Muslims believe their killing was a hate crime . Authorities are n't ruling that out , but think an irrational dispute over a parking space may have had something to do with it . Tuesday 's slayings had the hallmark of a summary execution -- shots fired to their heads . A neighbor , Craig Stephen Hicks , 46 , turned himself in to police the same night and has been charged with murder . He has no prior criminal record and is cooperating with the investigation , police said . When is a crime a ` hate crime ? ' In the condominium complex where the two newlyweds lived , people heard gunfire and dialed 911 . One caller heard five to 10 bangs and screaming , but she did n't know from which apartment . Another caller thought she walked right past it , when the shooting started . "  I heard about eight shots go off in the apartment , " she said . "  More than one girl screaming . And then there was nothing , and then I heard about three more shots go off . ... I hid behind a car . ... I never heard gunshots before like that . " News of a killing near the University of North Carolina reached Abu-Salha . Then his son-in-law 's mother called . "  She was frantic over the phone , and she was told by one of his colleagues that Deah was involved in that shooting and that there were three people killed , " Abu-Salha said . He and his wife tried their daughters ' cell phones . No answer . They got in the car and headed for the condo . "  So , we just drove there knowing what we are about to face . I almost crashed my car on the way there , " he said . "  And then we found the police there . " They waited for four hours in front of the cordoned-off scene for word from police . But it came from the media and friends . "  We pretty much knew nobody survived , " Abu-Salha said . Hicks had found a car belonging to one of the victims in what he claimed was his parking space , according to the law enforcement official briefed on the investigation . Then Hicks went to the victims ' condo and shot all three people , the official said . Opinion : Triple killing may not be a hate crime Though Abu-Salha is in shock , he 's not surprised . His daughter Yusor Mohammad had told him about the neighbor a few times before . He would appear mad about this or that , and at least twice , he had a gun in his belt , she had said . Mohammad was afraid of him . "  I can estimate a week ago , knocking at the door , yelling . I think that time , she was talking about him unhappy with some noise , because they had friends visiting , " Abu-Salha recalled . Such gatherings were tame , he said . The couple was n't into wild parties . His story sounded similar to one Amira Ata told , after she visited the couple in the fall for dinner and a board game . They were playing Risk , and Ata was losing badly . "  I mean , I know I was mad because they were beating me at the game , but that was it , " she told Fusion . After she left , Mohammad called her to ask if the neighbor had hassled her , Ata said . Mohammad told her that the neighbor had appeared at their door , angry about noise and the extra cars parked in the neighborhood . He was holding a rifle . "  He did n't point it at anyone , but he still had it , " Ata said Mohammad told her . Deah 's brother , Farris Barakat , said Hicks had repeatedly harassed Deah about parking rules . Deah checked with the condo office more than once , and was assured Deah was following the rules . "  They gave him the clear and said , ` If Mr. Hicks bothers you again , please call the police . ' And maybe they should have , " Barakat told CNN 's "  New Day " on Thursday . Abu-Salha says he thinks his loved ones ' killing was a hate crime . When Barakat lived in the condo by himself , there were no problems with the neighbor . They inflamed after his daughter , who wears a hijab , moved in with her husband , he said . It was a visible sign that they were Muslims . "  Daddy , I think he hates us for who we are and how we look , " Abu-Salha said his daughter told him . He believes that people prejudge Muslims in their communities because of the constant news they hear about extremist terrorists and the association with Islam . However , Samantha Maness , who lives in the complex , told a local newspaper that Hicks exhibited "  equal opportunity anger . " Hicks had chastised Maness in the past , she told the News & Observer in Raleigh , for playing the music in her car too loudly and once because she and her friends made too much noise while playing a card game . "  I have seen and heard him be very unfriendly to a lot of people in this community , " she said . "  He was definitely aggressive , and he spoke harshly when he was upset , from what I 've seen . " Hicks ' demeanor was well-known in the apartment complex , to the point that one tenant tried to take action last year , Maness told the newspaper . "  There was a lot of instances of him getting people 's cars towed and just being very aggressive toward anyone who came -- visitors , residents -- and so someone in the community organized a meeting to talk about how he kind of made everyone feel uncomfortable and unsafe , " she said . Authorities said they have not ruled out hate as a motive , but they have not found indications of that in searches of the suspect 's computer . The FBI has opened a preliminary inquiry into the killings to look into whether federal hate crime laws or other federal laws were violated , a U.S. law enforcement official said . Investigators so far have n't found any indications of a hate crime , and evidence suggests the shooting resulted from a confrontation over a parking dispute , the official said . On what is believed to be his Facebook page , Hicks is quite vocal about his atheism . And those who say the shooting is a hate crime are passing around a post attributed to him : "  When it comes to insults , your religion started this , not me . If your religion kept its big mouth shut , so would I. " CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the post . It is not directed against a particular religion . Hicks ' wife , Karen Hicks , who has been in the process of divorcing him , said the shooting was not a hate crime . "  I can say with my absolute belief that this incident had nothing to do with religion or victims ' faith . " Her husband had been at odds with various neighbors of various backgrounds over parking , she said . Rob Maitland , her attorney , said the shooting "  highlights the importance of access to mental health care services . " Whether it was a hate crime or wild rage over a parking space , the killing was utterly senseless to grieving students at the University of North Carolina on Wednesday . "  There is no mystic or theologian or philosopher out there who can make this ugly mess into something comprehensible , " a student said at a podium microphone to thousands of students who gathered outside at the university after sundown Wednesday . Some lit candles . Mostly they stood silent with solemn faces . Another speaker stood at the podium . "  Let 's pray in every language ... for these beautiful souls , " said another speaker . Razan Abu-Salha was studying architecture . Barakat and Mohammad were on their way to becoming dentists and loved charity work . Barakat was raising money for a dentistry aid trip to help Syrian refugees in Turkey . The couple also fed the homeless and hungry in downtown Raleigh "  many times a year , " Mohammad Abu-Salha said . "  They cooked loads of food . " "  They came heartbroken to tell me how many grown men they 've seen , standing in line , waiting for a bite , " he said . On Thursday , mourning continued with a Janazah -- or funeral -- prayer in the afternoon at Raleigh 's Islamic Center , followed by an evening candlelight vigil at North Carolina State University . "  These three children were loved by thousands and thousands of people here , " Mohammad Abu-Salha said . "  They 're raised here , they belong here , they died here , and they will be buried here , and we have a story to tell all our lives . " Opinion : 3 slain college students strived for a better world CNN 's Evan Perez , Tina Burnside , Rick Martin , Melodi Smith , Tony Marco , Jeremy Grisham and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	The FBI has opened a preliminary inquiry into the shooting , an official says Mohammad Abu-Salha received a call from the frantic mother of his son-in-law He says he thinks the killing was a hate crime , but alleged shooter 's estranged wife disagrees
Robert Plant has reportedly thrown a wrench in another "  Celebration Day " for Led Zeppelin fans -- though his publicist said the report was "  rubbish . " According to a report in the UK Daily Mirror , the Zeppelin lead singer turned down a # 500 million  $ 800 million  contract for a Led Zeppelin reunion . The other members of the band -- Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones -- were all in , a source told the paper . Jason Bonham , son of the band 's late drummer John Bonham , would have taken a fee . However , Plant 's publicist told the UK Guardian that the Mirror report was "  rubbish . " The offer to re-form the band was reportedly made by Virgin chairman Richard Branson , a fan of the group , and would have set up dates in three locales : London , Berlin and New Jersey . "  Jimmy , John and Jason signed up immediately , " the source told the paper . "  It was a no-brainer for them but Robert asked for 48 hours to think about it . When he said no and ripped up the paperwork he had been given , there was an enormous sense of shock . There is no way they can go ahead without him . " Branson would have flown the group around in one of his jets and offered the group the opportunity to do more gigs if they so desired . "  He is gutted , " the source said . Led Zeppelin , one of the most influential groups of all time , broke up in 1980 following Bonham 's death , but reunited for four occasions , most recently a show at London 's O2 Arena in honor of Atlantic Records founder Ahmet Ertegun , who signed the band in 1968 . Plant is currently touring with another band , the Sensational Shape Shifters , behind his new solo album , "  Lullaby and ... the Ceaseless Roar . " He has been skeptical of all the attention Zeppelin inevitably gets , as it has this year with the re-release of its first five albums . "  This propagation of myths and anti-myths will continue forever , " he told Rolling Stone . Jimmy Page on reunion : ' I do n't see it '	Robert Plant reportedly turned down $ 800 million deal for Zeppelin reunion His publicist calls the report "  rubbish " According to the UK Daily Mirror , band would do concerts in three cities Plant is currently touring for his own solo album
The number of Syrian refugees in Lebanon has passed 1 million , the United Nations ' refugee agency said Thursday , making up almost a quarter of the country 's resident population . "  The influx of a million refugees would be massive in any country . For Lebanon , a small nation beset by internal difficulties , the impact is staggering , " U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres said in a statement . Their numbers have made Lebanon the country with the highest per capita concentration of refugees in the world , the agency said . The total number of registered Syrian refugees in all countries is 2.58 million , according to the United Nations . Other nations with large populations of Syrian refugees include Jordan and Turkey . The number in Lebanon has now risen into seven figures , from just 18,000 two years ago . The United Nations has said that more than 100,000 people , many of them civilians , have been killed in Syria since a popular uprising spiraled into a civil war in 2011 . U.N. staff in Lebanon register 2,500 new Syrian refugees every day , the UNHCR said .	U.N. staff in Lebanon register 2,500 new Syrian refugees every day The refugees now make up almost a quarter of the resident population "  For Lebanon ... the impact is staggering , " a U.N. official says Lebanon has the highest per capita concentration of refugees in the world
CNN  -- A zookeeper was in stable condition at a Sydney hospital Saturday , a day after she was crushed by a young male elephant during a training session . Lucy Melo , 40 , is recovering in Royal North Shore Hospital -- her condition apparently steady , the Taronga Zoo said in a statement . "  We 're all relieved to hear Lucy 's condition remains stable , and we 're continuing to provide support for her family and fellow keepers , while we continue our programs for the whole herd , " said zoo director Cameron Kerr . The 2-year-old elephant -- known as Pathi Harn , which means miracle in Thai -- pinned Melo to a post around 11:30 a.m. , according to the zoo . Two other zookeepers at a nearby stall came over , got the animal off Melo and called for an ambulance . The Sydney zoo launched an investigation , but as of Saturday it was unclear why Pathi Harn "  challenged " the zookeeper . That young elephant and the rest of the herd are "  calm and well and in the elephant paddock as usual , " according to Taronga . These pachyderms , in fact , are going about life as usual -- including normal daily activities . An Asian elephant , Pathi Harn showed no signs of his life while his mother was in labor for eight days before his birth -- alive and well -- at 3:27 a.m. on March 10 , 2010 , according to Taronga 's website . Weighing in at 116 kilograms  255 pounds  at birth , he grew to 506 kilograms by his first birthday . The zoo 's website describes him as a "  very happy calf who is always looking for attention . " "  Playful and inquisitive , " Pathi Harn is often found "  sparring and wrestling " with Luk Chai , a 3-year-old elephant at the zoo .	A 2-year-old male elephant pins a Sydney zookeeper against a post The zookeeper was initially in critical condition , but has been upgraded to stable The elephant herd -- including the young male -- are continuing their daily activities
CNN  -- Serbian President Boris Tadic has dissolved parliament and called early elections for May 11 , following disagreements over Kosovo and the European Union . Serbia president Boris Tadic dissolved parliament following conflict in the government . The Serbian government proposed the move this week , becoming frustrated after clashing with pro-Western Tadic and his party over the issues in cabinet . "  This is a new chance for us to reinforce the capacities for the defense of the country 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , to improve our economy perspective through the European integration process , to confirm the democratic capacity of our society , and to change things for the better , " Tadic said in a statement posted on national news agency Tanjug 's Web site . Kosovo infuriated Serbia by declaring its independence last month . That sparked divisions in Serbia about whether to keep pursuing membership in the European Union given that several EU nations have recognized Kosovo 's independence . "  The Serbian government no longer has a united and common policy , which ... prevents the government from performing its basic constitutional function and conducting the policies of the Republic of Serbia , " the government proposal said . Serbian Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica had said he might resign if Tadic did not call early elections . Kosovo , which is mainly populated by ethnic Albanians , declared independence from Serbia on February 17 . However , Serbia -- which regards the region as integral to its history and culture -- has refused to accept the move as being legal , and conservatives do not want to join the EU unless its member states retract any recognition of Kosovo . Tadic , who was narrowly elected to a second term last month , set out his policies in an interview with Spanish newspaper El Pais . "  We are not going to relinquish Kosovo . We are going to utilize all of our diplomatic and political recourses in defense of this , but without violence , " he said . "  The people understand that we should be EU members , that this is in our national interest . We 're not going to relinquish Kosovo or becoming EU members . "  What 's important is to find a compromise . If the Albanians are going to get everything and the Serbians are going to lose everything , there will be a problem . "  This is also in Europe 's interest . Some of the countries that have illegally recognized Kosovo have committed a historic error . " E-mail to a friend	Serbia 's president dissolves parliament and calls for early elections on May 11 Boris Tadic makes move following political conflict over Kosovo 's independence Nationalist Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica dissolved government at weekend His party is against joining EU unless its members retract Kosovo recognition
QINGDAO , China  CNN  -- Another round of toasts and exclamations of "  hajiu " sounded out around me . I took a sip and set down my small glass of Tsingtao beer as my new friends downed theirs and refilled . Our seafood dinner , perched on the single cluttered table of a tiny antique shop , was punctuated regularly by such moments . A worker operates the giant fermentation units at the Qingdao Brewery plant in Qingdao . I joined in happily , although somewhat bemused , at each increasingly beery celebration of our host , the worldly Captain Jau . My company , a gathering from four regions of China , was engaging me in Chinese drinking etiquette , in the city of Qingdao . A few drinks in the People 's Republic of China led me to discover European delights and other unexpected finds in this modest city . You 'd be forgiven for not knowing where Qingdao  pronounced Chingdao  is . The Chinese city in Shandong province does n't roll off the tongue as easily as Beijing , Shanghai , or even Xi'an . The 2008 Olympics gave it a place on the map as China 's sailing hub ; no longer a secret that holiday-making officials could keep for themselves . But my American spell-check does n't recognize it  which says more about my spell-check  , and you can still find pre-Cultural Revolution manhole covers . So what is it about this city that seduces the unassuming traveler ? Nestled on the coast of Shandong province , almost exactly halfway between its big sisters , Beijing and Shanghai , Qingdao features as a handy pit-stop on East coast itineraries . It boasts great infrastructure , a charming climate , alfresco eateries , good coffee , sandy beaches , German history , international hotels , a brand new airport and even a famous brewery . Qingdao could pass itself off as a miniature Seattle if it were n't for the fact that pretty much no one outside of the five-star hotels speaks English , and that communism still articulates itself through the tourist beaches , stoically named Number One to Number Six . "  In mainland China , Qingdao 's history is uniquely international ; in fact , more of the city 's cultural identity is wrapped up in its German colonial past than even its prominent role in the emergence of Daoism " said Eric Blocher , editor of the English-language magazine Red Star . "  The local culture bureau once joked to us that Qingdao is a ` cultural desert ' , because it does n't have the dynastic lineage of Nanjing or Xi'an , or opera for that matter , " Blocher said . "  But that 's not what makes a city livable , or even fun -- if your office is in downtown , you 're never more than five minutes from a protected beach ; there 's always excellent seafood close at hand ; you can buy China 's best beer fresh , for 10 cents a pound , and walk around drinking it out of a plastic bag . " Following this key advice , I visited Qingdao during the International Beer Festival in late August , an event aimed largely at a domestic Chinese market . The West knows beer . China does not . The annual Beer Festival aims to change this . While the bright lights and myriad beers flowed , one thing was obvious : this was for the tourists . True Qingdaonese people are fiercely proud of Tsingtao beer , produced just down the road on Beer Street , and little else is drunk here in homes or bars . Pijiu , beer in Mandarin , is hajiu in Qingdaonese , the regional dialect . When in doubt , this does as well for a toast as anything else . Indeed , there is no better way of celebrating an occasion than by toasting the guest of honor with a bag of fresh beer . If I was the guest of honor at Captain Jau 's table , I certainly was n't living up to expectations . Particularly not for my self-appointed etiquette guardian and "  pure Qingdao boy , " Loukas . As I raised my glass for a sip and Loukas jumped to toast the good weather for the nth time , it all became clear . In Qingdao , a beer glass is never raised without a toast . This serves three  frankly ingenious  purposes ; beer is drunk in unison ; beer is n't consumed too rapidly , since constant toasting would ruin conversation ; and everyone finds ways to honor each other for the purposes of toasting . Captain Jau was particularly in favor of the latter as our eccentric host was made subject of most cheers , likewise teaching us the salutations he had learned from the many foreign guests he had cooked for . From the French "  salut ! " to the German "  prost ! " to the Turkish "  serefe ! " Most popular of all was homegrown "  hajiu ! " Alcohol is enjoyed throughout China . Microbreweries are yet to catch on here like they have in Japan and Singapore . For now Tsingtao holds the monopoly , and Qingdao 's people are n't complaining . The Tsingtao Brewery , founded in 1903 by German settlers , confiscated by the Japanese in 1915 , turned over to state ownership in 1949 and finally privatized in the early 1990s , has witnessed a colorful history . The largest stakeholder , Anheuser-Busch , recently sold majority ownership to Japanese Asahi Breweries . Residents are the first to introduce you to their biggest export . Outside every shop is a barrel or two of Tsingtao , with a ream of clean plastic bags ready to be filled with cheap 3.5 percent beer . Tsingtao beer tastes crisp and sweet  most likely from rice mixed in to cut down on the cost of barley . It is bought by the pound and weighed to prevent gaseous volume manipulation . A pint , when sold in this method , costs around 1.5 renminbi , or 22 U.S. cents . Beer is a way of life here and has been ever since the Germans arrived and erected tree-lined avenues , red-roofed houses and a brewery . The Germans are gone but the beer stayed . And with it , three hajiu-loving generations tell you about their happy memories . "  When I was little , buying beer was one special job I did for my dad every summer day , " explained Irene Cheung over a fresh bag of beer . "  I was the little girl proudly and carefully carrying the plastic bag home . " It is easier to identify Qingdao by what it is not -- smoggy , crowded Beijing , or nightlife hub Shanghai -- than what it is or hopes to be . This may be the very reason why Qingdao remains largely unvisited by the West . And while there may not be much more than good weather , food and beer to keep you content , that may just be enough to hop on the three-hour flight from Hong Kong , or the one hour 20 minute-journey from Beijing or Shanghai . Following Olympic-based investment , more than 3,000 factories have sprung up in the airport suburbs . You can source anything from shoes to jewels to Durex condoms among the largely Korean-owned industries . If these things are n't up your street , head elsewhere ; like functionally named Beer Street , Bar Street , or my personal favorite , Coffee and Tea Craft Street . "  We used to have to put on parties so that there would be material to justify an English-oriented lifestyle magazine , " editor Blocher said . "  Now we have trouble keeping track ! " Check out English-language newspaper Red Star , for informative listings and an insight into the growing English-speaking population that has stumbled upon and stayed in Qingdao .	Qingdao is located in northeast China , north of Shanghai The city hosts a beer festival and is home to distinctive European architecture The Tsingtao Brewery was founded in 1903 by German settlers
London , England  CNN  -- When Nadya Suleman gave birth to octuplets in January 2009 the news was greeted with amazement around the world . But astonishment soon gave way to criticism directed at her -- it was revealed that she was already a mother to six children -- and over the ethics of fertility treatment . So far she has weathered the storm and soon her eight babies will be celebrating their first birthday . But how on earth does she cope ? "  The children sleep all night , " she told CNN 's Max Foster . "  They sleep maybe from 7.30 pm to 5am , but there are not enough hours in the day . " Caring for octuplets -- six boys and two girls -- poses a unique economic challenge for the 34-year-old mother of 14 who has also been criticized for being jobless . "  It 's a challenge . It 's a double-edged sword . I 'm damned if I work and I 'm damned if I do n't . I ca n't work a nine-to-five job because that 's not going to be enough income to support the kids . I 'm trying to secure what I can . " Suleman says trying to manage the domestic budget is like "  a revolving door of expenses . Every dollar that comes in goes on the kids . " "  Octomom " -- as she has been dubbed by the media -- does have some help with the child-rearing from three helpers , one of which is dedicated to looking after her child who has autism . Inevitably , it is impossible for her to give each child the attention they deserve . "  It would be impossible for a couple . You just try and do the best you can . You try and have special time with each child -- putting them to bed , telling them a story , asking them about their day -- as long as they get alone time and it 's quality . I 'd love to give them quantity but that 's virtually impossible . " Despite her experience with fertility treatment Suleman is reluctant for across the board limits on the number of embryos that can be implanted during IVF treatment . "  Every case is subjective , every woman responds differently , " Suleman said . "  Given my past reproductive history my doctor did n't make any kind of mistake , he was guided by what was successful in the past . So only a certain amount of embryos were transferred -- the same amount when I had my twins . The last thing anyone imagined was more than one or two growing . " Although the burden of raising 14 children is obvious , Suleman is reluctant to jump into a relationship . She is n't in a rush to find a male role model for her children . "  I believe I do not have to put myself out there . I do not have to date . I feel the missing piece of the puzzle will be placed naturally when the time is right . I do n't see the point in going out and wasting precious time and energy that I need for my kids . " Suleman is currently documenting the experiences of the past year in a book and despite the constant sniping from the media she still manages to reflect positively on the past 12 months . I 've definitely grown more in the past eleven months than I have in the past 34 years . I personally believe everything happens for a reason and I 've learnt how strong I am . It 's a choice who you let into your life and who you are going to allow to affect you psychologically or emotionally . I 've learned how to maintain boundaries and how to grow as a result of some extraordinarily challenging situations . "	Nadya Suleman , mother of ocpuplets speaks to CNN about her amazing year "  Octomom " -- as she has been dubbed -- says shes damned if she does or does n't work Single mother says shes grown more in past 11 months than in her whole life
There has always been a fine line between freedom of speech and the right to practice one 's religion in the way one sees fit . The Founding Fathers struggled over these rights in framing the First Amendment , with Thomas Jefferson calling for "  a wall of separation " between church and state -- a wall that has become mighty thin in recent years . But now , the freedom to practice religion on campuses around the country , including at Bowdoin -- an elite liberal arts college in Maine -- has crashed into anti-discrimination policies , which also have a long and complicated history in this country . The gist of the story is this : The Bowdoin Christian Fellowship , a conservative religious group that has lived quietly on campus for four decades , is being kicked off the official roster of college-backed groups . Their keys to college buildings have already been confiscated , and the administration wo n't recognize them any longer . The problem is that this group , like many groups of its ilk , insist their leaders must adhere to its version of Christian doctrine . This problem is widespread now , playing out across the country , as at Cal State and Vanderbilt , where Christian groups , including , earlier , a Roman Catholic organization at Vanderbilt , have been forced off-campus because they refuse to allow their leadership to be drawn from people who do n't adhere to their essential tenets . Let me put this plainly : Houston , we have a problem ! I 've been a college professor for nearly four decades , and I 've seen problems with the so-called thought police come and go over the years . At the height of the problem in the mid - '80 and '90s , it was imagined by many -- especially those on the right -- that universities had become politically correct to the point where any kind of conservative thought was forbidden . Certainly these were vital years for the advancement of feminist thought in particular , and for the acceptance of gays as full citizens within the academy  full acceptance by the society at large is only now taking hold  . For the most part , I always thought the idea of a liberal thought police was nonsense . I 'm a progressive Christian , and I do n't support any kind of discrimination . Jesus himself certainly demonstrated that one should seek to bring those at the margins of society into the fold . I 'm quite appalled by what is going on at Bowdoin , Cal State , Vanderbilt and elsewhere . Does n't common sense suggest that you should not be the leader of a Christian organization if you do n't adhere to Christian tenets ? Would a university or college really tell the Islamic Society on campus that they ca n't elect only Muslims to leadership positions ? My gut tells me that it 's only sensible to allow religion organizations to elect leaders who adhere to the teachings of the religion that serves as the organizing principle for that group . There is , indeed , a bias against conservative Christians on campuses . And there are some reasons for this , as certain strains of conservative religious practice have been fiercely discriminatory over the past couple of centuries in the United States . There has also been an unfortunate anti-intellectual strain in the more fundamentalist groups of Christians , one that pervades American society as a whole , and creates problems for the practice of science , for instance , when it comes to subjects such as evolution and climate change . It 's no wonder that academic communities tend to resist groups that abhor rational thought . But there is no basic conflict between -- again , for instance -- science and religion , between having a profound spiritual practice and wishing to uphold the highest standards within the academy when it comes to nondiscrimination . Tolerance , in fact , may well be one of the benefits that comes from having both an intellectual and a spiritual life . This means allowing for certain differences of opinion , letting a thousand flowers bloom . For the most part , conservative groups on campuses simply wish to study the Bible together , pray and worship in ways that deepen their own sense of Godliness . These groups welcome nonbelievers . They might even let someone like myself -- a Christian of a different stripe -- sit down and discuss their views . A campus is , or ought to be , a space where contradictory ideas are allowed to flourish , where genuine and deeply respectful debate can occur . I would urge colleges and universities to give these kids their keys back . Let them elect officers in their organization who actually adhere to the ideas promoted by the group . That 's the essence of democracy . As long as these groups do n't practice hatred or discrimination , or try to impose their views on others , let them be . Our intellectual communities flourish when there are all kinds of ideas circulating , even ones we find curious or objectionable .	Jay Parini : Campuses are placing problematic restrictions on evangelical groups He notes that at Bowdoin College , officials want to impose their vision on groups ' leadership He says he is a liberal Christian who opposes discrimination , but this is not sensible Parini : If groups do n't impose their views or discriminate , keep thought police out of it
CNN  -- The tiny Caribbean nation of Grenada is more often associated with its unforgiving hurricane season and at times turbulent political history , however this week the island will be hoping that all the conditions are right for sailing . The 2012 Grenada Sailing Festival begins on Friday with races around the southern and eastern coasts , in waters the organizers say are some of the most challenging in the Caribbean . It is that same water that attracts visitors to the region . The crystal blue sea is a haven for sailors , swimmers and scuba divers , keen to race , relax and explore in the island that is known for being a yachting destination . Twenty one miles long and 12 miles wide , Grenada lies just north of Trinidad and Tobago . The island declared independence from Great Britain in 1974 , and today , much of its culture reflects the African roots of the black majority . Grenada is more commonly known as the "  Spice Island " and is a major exporter of cinnamon and nutmeg . Climate Around 110 , 000 people call Grenada home , with the largest town St George 's having one of the Caribbean 's most picturesque waterfronts . With the average temperatures teetering around the mid-to late 20s  degrees  , the climate is perfect to enjoy the outdoors and gaze out towards the ocean . However the region is not immune to hurricanes . Its long hurricane season , stretching from June until November , can sometimes be deadly . In 2004 , Hurricane Ivan ripped through the area , killing dozens in the region and causing widespread damage . Sailing If the festival inspires yachting enthusiasts to set sail , then there are plenty of marinas and inlets to dock for overnight stays . Eight marinas are dotted around the Grenada , and little inlets offer boats a sheltered place to drop an anchor . The festival centers around Port Louis Marina , just outside the capital . Joshua Yetman , a photographer who lives on the island said , "  Society here is n't based on class or cash-flow - and those lack of barriers is openly evident during the sailing festival . Million dollar sailing yachts are crewed by visitors and locals alike . "  On any given vessel you might find a teacher , a doctor , an investment banker , or a leather-skinned yachtie who travels from festival to festival . " Diving The crystal clear water of Grenada makes the island 's surrounds ideal for diving . Reefs , shipwrecks and a sculpture park are features of the underwater world . Read more : The world 's weirdest places to scuba dive Within the island 's protected marine area is Happy Valley , where authorities say divers will find a plethora of reef fish . But it 's not just the natural beauty that 's said to captivate . The Bianca C shipwreck has been called the ` Titanic of the Caribbean ' . The luxury liner sank outside the capital 's harbor more than half a century ago and has since become a spectacular dive site . The sculptures under the sea is another of the breathtaking man-made sites . They were created by renowned English artist Jason de Caires Taylor to promote conservation awareness . Beaches Undoubtedly a highlight of Grenada , people are divided as to which beach is the best . But one thing they do agree on is that with turquoise water the glides up the long stretches of white sand , the beaches are idyllic . Visitors who are hungry for the typical Grenadian experience should head to Grand Anse where bars and restaurants are sandwiched between the clear waters and surrounding hills . Sydney : Making the most of Australia 's ` harbor city ' The fashion conscious should try the beach resort of Laluna which is co-owned by an Italian fashion publicist . Famous fashion names are said to have stayed in the cottages along the beach . However for those wanting a quieter approach , locals recommend the secluded L'Anse aux Epines Beach on the island 's south .	The 2012 Grenada Sailing Festival begins on Friday Organizers say the waters are some of the most challenging in the Caribbean The crystal blue sea is a haven for sailors , swimmers and scuba divers , keen to race , relax and explore
CNN  -- As Christmas Eve became Christmas Day around the world , services and celebrations marked the holiday . At Vatican City on Friday night , Catholic worshippers packed pews inside St. Peter 's Basilica to hear Pope Benedict XVI deliver Midnight Mass. . He prayed to God for peace . "  Grant us the grace of true brotherhood . Help us to become like you . Help us to recognize your face in others who need our assistance , " he said . "  And help us to live together with you as brothers and sisters so as to become one family -- your family . " Celebrants , both young and old , watched in reverence as the choir serenaded the pontiff during his ceremonial march into the church . He was led into St. Peter 's for Christmas Eve services by 30 cardinals , a tradition that was started by Pope John Paul II . Bells rang out during the Holy Eucharistic , with chimes that could be heard inside the church as well as throughout Vatican City . In 2009 , Midnight Mass was interrupted when 25-year-old Susanna Maiolo jumped a barrier and knocked the pontiff down . She had tried to get to the pontiff on Christmas Eve in 2008 , but was detained , Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi said . Christmas Eve Mass was held at 10 p.m last year , so the pope , who was 82 years old at the time , would be well-rested for Christmas Day services . Thousands converged Friday on Bethlehem to celebrate Christmas in the town where Jesus is believed to have been born , joining the Latin patriarch of Jerusalem , Fouad Twal , and a Roman Catholic archbishop for Midnight Mass. . Twal , the highest-ranking Catholic cleric in the Holy Land , led a procession of priests and believers to the Church of the Nativity for the traditional service . Pilgrims , many of whom visit the city every year at this time , packed Manger Square outside the church in anticipation of the patriarch 's arrival . "  When we come , we are saying not only , yes Jesus , we are here ; we are all Christian , we are all brothers , " one tourist in the crowd outside the Nativity Church told CNN . Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad and President Mahmoud Abbas , Muslims , traveled to Bethlehem to attend the Mass. . At least 90,000 tourists are expected to visit the city by the end of the Christmas season , according to Bethlehem Mayor Victor Batarseh . The city is near the high wall that forms part of Israel 's West Bank barrier . In 1948 , Christians represented 80 % of the Bethlehem 's population , that number is now just 35 % . Inside Beijing 's Immaculate Conception Cathedral , more than 1,000 Chinese parishioners gathered to say Mass on Friday . The ceremony was heralded by hymns and Christmas carols , and was led by a young priest who asked the congregation to "  pray for the holy father , Pope Benedict XVI , and the Chinese bishops . " It 's a stark change from the 1960s and '70s , when religion was suppressed in China . Now , the sights and sounds of Christmas are all around , making it one of the biggest commercial holiday seasons in Chinese cities . While many Chinese are taking advantage of the lucrative side of the season , others are searching for the meaning of Christmas . "  My parents are Catholic , " said 19-year-old Joseph Min . He said many youths are lost in the nation 's "  wave of social changes , " but many are "  seeking a kind of religion or philosophy in life . " China has become home to more than 6 million Catholics , according to a report approved at the eighth National Congress of Chinese Catholics in early December , the China Daily said . Beijing and the Vatican severed diplomatic ties in 1951 , but efforts are reportedly under way to reconcile their differences . CNN 's Paula Hancock and Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	The pope prays for peace In Bethlehem , thousands flock to the town where Jesus is believed to have been born Parishioners gather in China to have Christmas Mass
CNN  -- U.S. Republican Senator Rand Paul announced last week that he is taking legal action against President Barack Obama for "  snooping on the American people . " Meanwhile , Democratic Senator Bernard Saunders has asked new questions in recent days to the U.S. National Security Agency  NSA  about whether it has spied on elected U.S. officials , including in Congress . These related developments underline that the controversies over the NSA have become perhaps the biggest issue in the President 's in-tray following months of damaging revelations , from Edward Snowden , about U.S. surveillance programs -- both domestically and internationally . With the disclosures doing considerable damage to the reputation of the United States in general , and particular harm to the NSA , and individual U.S. technology firms , the President is keen to try to try to draw a line in the sand in the new year . Over Christmas , Obama spent much time during his Hawaii vacation reviewing reform options , including the 46 recommended in December by the independent White House Panel . And , he has promised a "  definitive statement " in coming days on reforms to the NSA . The President has already talked positively about some of the independent panel 's recommendations , including halting the NSA 's collection and storage of millions of U.S. phone records and instead requiring phone firms to hold this data . However , it remains unclear how sweeping the entire package of changes will be , nor how well received they will by U.S. and international publics . While the White House is determined to move off the defensive on this issue , this will not be helped by the continuing flood of publicity that surrounds the NSA . Moreover , barring an amnesty for Snowden from Obama , it is also probable that there will be further damaging revelations from the former government contractor that help keep the issue in the spotlight . The likelihood of further disclosures is underlined by the estimate that Snowden has leaked only a small fraction so far of the material about the NSA that he has in his possession . This highlights one of the fundamental issues underlying the Snowden affair : what it reveals about the changing map of influence and power in a world that continues to be transformed by economic globalization and the information revolution , including the rise of "  big data " enabled by digital technology . To date , these forces have generally reinforced U.S. international pre-eminence for several reasons , including the country 's relative technological edge over much of the rest of the world  which will decrease over time  ; the fact that its dominant culture and ideas are very close to prevailing global norms ; and that its multiple channels of communication help to frame global issues . However , this emerging environment has simultaneously raised new challenges , and not just for the United States . For instance , the potential for sensitive leaks , and technological advances that have led to vast increases in open source information for publics , has fueled skepticism of government information and actions . Indeed , governments increasingly compete for international credibility not just with their foreign counterparts , but also "  new " actors such as media outlets like Al-Jazeera , and other organizations like WikiLeaks . Sensitive disclosures , and / or information that is perceived to be manipulated or propaganda , can undermine the credibility of a country and/or its government . In the context of the Snowden allegations , key dangers for Washington are not just potential backlash from international publics . But also foreign elites  even strong allies like those in Germany  proving more cautious in sharing information and cooperation . Looking specifically at the campaign against terrorism , the Snowden affair thus intensifies the global diplomacy challenge that Barack Obama faces five years into his presidency . While the President is still quite popular personally in many countries , international favourability towards the country and U.S. policies is now generally in reverse . For instance , among the 22 countries surveyed by Pew Global in both 2009  the first year of Obama 's presidency  and 2013 approval of US international policies has dropped by about 20 % or more in six states , including China , Indonesia , Argentina , and Egypt . In many other countries  including Canada , Russia , Britain , Poland , France , Turkey , Jordan , and Japan  , the fall-off is over 10 % over the same period . U.S. use of drone strikes on suspected terrorists , in particular , is widely unpopular internationally . More than half of the populations , in almost all countries surveyed by Pew Global in 2013 , were opposed to continued use of these unmanned combat aerial vehicles . The public diplomacy challenge facing the United States is particularly grave , right now , in the Middle East where support for the campaign on terrorism is especially important . However , only an alarming 11 % of the population in Pakistan , 14 % in Jordan , 16 % in Egypt and the Palestinian territories , and 21 % in Turkey , currently have favorable views toward the United States according to Pew Global . It is important that the Obama team begins to turn this climate of opinion around . This is because , in common with the Cold War , the challenges posed by the campaign against terrorism simply can not be overcome by military might alone . Thus , Washington must redouble its efforts to win the battle for international "  hearts and minds . " This will help create an enabling  rather than disabling  environment facilitating both covert and overt cooperation and information sharing with U.S. officials . To be sure , some countries will continue to assist Washington because of factors such as self interest and/or fundamental agreement with U.S. strategy and policy . However , the degree to which other states do so , especially in crucial theaters like the Middle East and Asia , will often depend heavily upon a mixture of the attractiveness amongst foreign publics , and the degree of trust and support within national elites , of the United States in general and the Obama administration in particular . It would be a tragedy if these relationships become critically damaged by the Snowden affair . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Hammond .	Controversies over NSA may be the biggest issue in President 's in-tray , writes Andrew Hammond Over Christmas , Obama spent much time reviewing reform options , he writes Hammond : Survey shows U.S. use of drone strikes is widely unpopular internationally It is important that the Obama team begins to turn this climate of opinion around , he says
CNN  -- When Britney Spears sings "  you better work , b *** h , " it sounds like she might be singing that to herself . The 32-year-old pop star has had a hectic year -- a new album , "  Britney Jean , " preparations for her upcoming two-year Las Vegas residency and her everyday role as a mom to two boys . Spears admitted while promoting E! 's documentary "  I Am Britney Jean " that there are times she thinks about not just slowing down but retiring altogether . "  I have thought about it , " Spears told E! . "  If I happen to have another baby or something like that , I 'd probably move back to Louisiana . I do miss Louisiana . I miss the people . I miss the food . I miss the way of life , how everything is really simple . " But retirement remains just an idea rather than a plan . "  I think right now is my time to perform and do what I 'm doing , " she said . "  Britney Jean " has been promoted as her most personal disc yet , and the E! documentary went behind-the-scenes of Spears ' life as the singer prepared for Vegas . Along the way , the pop star offered up revelations on everything from her thoughts on sex  she loves it  to her favorite bubble gum flavor  watermelon  to why she thinks she 's not really made for this industry . "  Personally , I 'm really a shy person , " she said . "  I 'm particularly not really made for this industry because I am so shy . It 's not something that I deal with so well . " Besides the difficulty of being in the public eye , she also insists on perfection when performing -- or as Spears put it in the doc , "  Being a perfectionist really sucks . " "  It 's just a lot of pressure , " she explained , but that pressure is also what keeps her going . "  I have that motivation in rehearsals to make it the best every time . That 's why I do what I do . "	E! documentary went behind-the-scenes with singer preparing for Las Vegas Britney Spears admits she sometimes thinks about retiring Spears says she 's "  not really made for this industry because I am so shy "
CNN  -- A silver cup presented to the Greek winner of the marathon at the first modern Olympics in Athens in 1896 has sold for a record # 541,000  $ 860,000  at auction in London . It is the highest price paid for a piece of Olympic memorabilia , with the sale at Christie 's over in a matter of minutes with the bids leaping # 50,000  $ 80,000  at a time . The previous record was for an Olympic torch from the 1952 Helsinki Games in Finland which fetched $ 400,000 last year . Spyros Louis became a national hero when he won the only gold medal for Greece in the track and field events 116 years ago so it became a matter of national pride that the cup should return to the birthplace of the Olympics . CNN understands that the Mayor of the Marousi District in Athens , where Louis was born , raised 350,000 euros  $ 458,000  to bid . It was n't enough . The new owner is the Greek philanthropic organization , the Stavros Niarchos Foundation , named after the late Greek shipping tycoon . The cup will go on display in Athens and will eventually be given a permanent home in the Foundation 's new cultural center due to open in 2015 . Symbolic value The cup which fetched such a vast sum is just 15 centimeters high but beautifully decorated in the art nouveau style . Its intrinsic value -- as silver -- is n't very high . But this cup is all about symbolism , an object from the beginning of the modern Olympics . The story of the cup involved three men . Spyros Louis , his grandson and a Frenchman , Michel Breal . Louis had helped salvage Greek pride in the most emblematic of races for the host country . The odds were certainly stacked in their favor . Of the 17 runners , 13 were Greek . But going into the last few miles of the race , an Australian and a French athlete were leading and an expectant crowd waiting in the stadium were subdued . Then suddenly word reached the stadium that the foreigners had both dropped out and a Greek was leading . Spyros Louis was n't considered a favorite and had only finished fifth in a special trial race before the Games , but he proved to have stamina . By trade , he moved water by mule into the center of Athens and it stood him in good stead . Greek hero By winning the marathon  then 25 miles  he instantly became a Greek sporting immortal . Even now in Greece , over 70 years after his death , his name remains a synonym for moving at speed . The 2004 Olympic Stadium is named after him . The King of Greece presided over the award ceremony on the last day of the Games . Spyros Louis received a silver medal , a crown of olive leaves , a diploma and , of course , the special silver cup . And this is where Michel Breal enters the story . He was a distinguished linguist  usually credited as the founder of modern semantics  and passionate about all things Greek . He was crucial in persuading his fellow Frenchman , Baron de Coubertin to include the marathon in the first Games . As an incentive , Breal provided the special cup for the winner , Breal 's Silver Cup as it became known . It is unclear who designed it , but the relief decoration shows bird and plant life from the ancient battleground of Marathon . So the legend has it , in 490 B.C. , the messenger , Phidippides ran from Marathon to Athens to bring news of the Greek victory over the Persians , then collapsed and died . Until now , the cup has always been in the Louis family . During the Second World War , it was apparently hidden in a tomato patch in a garden , but more recently it has had pride of place on the mantelpiece in the house of the great athlete 's grandson , also called Spyros Louis , a retired civil servant in his early 70s . Reluctant sale He agonized for some time , but in these tough economic times in Greece , he reluctantly decided to sell it , to provide for his two children . Two years ago , he did the rounds of various government ministries , offering to sell the cup for a mere 100,000 euros  $ 130,000  but without response . The Greek Culture Ministry did n't seem to have any reservations about granting it an export license and this has ultimately proved to the financial benefit of the Louis family . Michel Breal 's great grand daughter , Katharine Brunt , aged 88 , attended the Christie 's sale . And just before it started , wearing white gloves , she was able to briefly hold the legendary Silver Cup her great grandfather commissioned . It was a touching moment ; she had never even seen the cup before . Katharine Brunt has a mission ; The Silver Cup may be going back to Greece for museum display , but Michel Breal 's tombstone in Montparnasse cemetery in Paris badly needs restoration . Apparently the authorities are threatening to demolish it . On grounds of neglect . There 's evidently a big crack down the middle and $ 6000 is needed . Mrs Brunt is hoping that the newly-enriched Spyros Louis may able to help .	A silver cup presented at the first modern Olympic Games has sold for # 541,000 Sale at Christie 's in London sets new record price for a piece of Olympic memorabilia Cup was presented to Greek athlete Spyros Louis , who won marathon at 1896 Games A Greek foundation wins the auction and cup will go on show in Athens
CNN  -- With Kinect , the new controller-free system for its Xbox 360 gaming console , Microsoft is n't just trying to revolutionize video gaming . The company wants to change how people interact with all their entertainment choices . Kinect , which goes on sale Thursday , allows players ' physical movements to control action on the screen . Unlike the similar Nintendo Wii or Sony Move , there is nothing to hold and no buttons to push . Three camera sensors and four microphones help Kinect recognize who is standing in front of it . The system recognizes voice commands and reads a player 's full range of movements -- not just swings of the arm -- translating them into an avatar 's actions within a game . Alex Kipman , director of incubation for Kinect , said Microsoft is trying to break down technological barriers and make game interaction more natural . "  We wanted to transform entertainment where technology understands you , " Kipman said during a Kinect demo in Washington . "  It was our goal to merge really amazing tech with a really amazing experience . " Kipman explained that the specific components used to create Kinect have been around for years . He said the real breakthrough was in the proprietary software used to make it all work together . Cloud profiles , featuring information accessed from the Web on an as-needed basis instead of from a local hard drive , help the Kinect and Xbox 360 learn about users and what types of entertainment they might be interested in . Kinect also will help live-stream music , movies and more in real time . The much-anticipated system , first unveiled more than a year ago , is Microsoft 's entry in the growing era of motion-controlled gaming pioneered by the Wii in 2006 . Sony launched Move , a motion-sensing game controller for its PlayStation 3 console , in September . A Microsoft spokesperson said 30,000 North American retailers would have Kinect available Thursday , with 7,000 of those planning to open at midnight . She would not say how many units would be available on launch day . The system will launch with at least 17 games . I spent four days testing out Kinect , which should appeal to casual gamers and families more than hardcore action gamers . Here are my impressions : Getting started Out of the box , the Kinect sensor is 11 inches long and 3 inches high , including the motorized stand it sits on . Connecting to the Xbox is easy . For the new Xbox 360 Slim consoles , it is plug-and-play -- no additional wires . To use on the original Xbox 360 consoles , you will need a power source for the device . After some software downloads , the Kinect calibrates itself to the room automatically . It is actuated by specific gestures  waving your hand at the Kinect  or by using a specific key word for voice commands  "  Xbox "  . "  It is technology that understands you , " Kipman said . "  Kinect looks at 48 points on the body to figure out what it should do . It always knows who is in charge . " The Kinect should go at or as near eye level as possible so it can read all your movements . Also , it requires a clear space to play so nothing impedes its view of the player and nothing gets bumped or knocked over . Someone playing alone will need to be at least 6 feet back , while two players should be about eight feet from the screen . Kinect comes bundled with "  Kinect Adventures , " an introductory game that teaches you how to use the device . Hovering your hand over game menu options activates those choices . Five different adventures require the player to move and react to different scenarios . "  Rallyball " will get you reacting to things being thrown at you . "  River Rush " and "  Reflex Ridge " get you dodging and steering . "  Space Pop " requires using your arms to propel you in a weightless situation . "  20,000 Leaks " will stretch you out as you try to stop water from rushing in through cracked glass . All of these adventures teach players how to use their movements to control the action on the screen . The gestures will come in handy for other Kinect games . Fun with wild animals "  Kinectimals " was demonstrated at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles in June , where it received high marks for its cuteness factor -- and lower marks for being , well , a little bizarre . In the game , players get to adopt a virtual pet . Among the 40 choices are a Bengal tiger , lion , panther , cheetah or leopard cub . By using voice commands and body gestures , kids can teach their cub to do tricks , feed and brush their baby animal , or just play games with it . It is definitely a game geared toward younger players . I play a lot of first-person shooter games , but I 'll admit there is something neat to rubbing a tiger cub on its belly -- even if it is virtual . Full-body sports "  Kinect Sports " cranks up the action with six different games at four different skill levels . From the outdoors to the table top , different sports challenge players to really get involved with the action . Full body movements mimic those that would be needed to really play the sport . Want to score a goal in soccer ? Kick the ball . Want to knock out your opponent in boxing ? Throw a punch . "  The only skill you need is life skill , " Kipman said . "  If you know how to bowl , you can bowl in our game . " The action and movements are lifelike and will get players moving . For example , while you wo n't actually have a javelin in your hand , you will need to run in place up to the line and throw . The escalating skill levels make it easy for players to learn what to do and master those actions before moving up to more challenging opponents . Wheel-free racing "  Kinect Joy Ride " offers different game modes that let you race cars , do stunts or even crash into objects -- and each other . But it does n't feel quite right because , with Kinect , there is nothing to feel . You control your car by grabbing an imaginary steering wheel . There is no accelerator or brake ; the game does that for you automatically . Turning your hands left or right steers the car , but there is no tactile feedback to give you the sensation of running off the road or colliding with a light pole . This is n't a "  Grand Turismo " title by any stretch of the imagination . But a racing game should have a feel to it -- this one just leaves you grasping for air . Get your body moving Two other initial titles , "  Your Shape : Fitness Evolved " and "  Dance Central " are where Kinect really shines . "  Your Shape : Fitness Evolved " features workouts created by Men 's Health and Women 's Health magazines . Players are scored on how well they match the movements of instructors who demonstrate exercises . There are Zen exercises for relaxation , or cardio boxing if you want to blow off steam in a different way . There are also personalized exercise plans to help lose weight , tone the body or get more energy . The game offers a good workout . Kinect helps correct postures and actions so users can get the most benefits out of the exercises being done . In this way , it really does work well . "  Dance Central , " made by the creators of "  Rock Band , " aims to get you moving to the beat , but realizes we all are n't ready to strut our stuff on the dance floor . The game combines today 's dance hits performed by pop stars with moves that seem clunky at first but get more involved and intense as the difficulty ratchets up . Like "  Guitar Hero , " you have to match your movements to those on the screen to get a perfect score . Beyond games Because it has cameras , Kinect also offers the ability to connect via video with other Kinect users -- or those who use Microsoft 's Live Messenger program on their PCs . It also works with the other entertainment features for the Xbox 360 , such as on-demand ESPN , music from Zune.com and movies from Netflix . "  It is all about your choice , your content when you want it , " Kipman said . The bottom line I did n't get to test out the 11 other games that Microsoft says will use the new controller . But my experience with the initial six titles shows where Kinect will shine and where it will stumble . Games that feature full-body movement make best use of what Kinect can offer . Syncing up your movements with the movements on the screen is a lot easier and more natural with Kinect than with a normal controller . It 's also hard to compare the Kinect to Sony 's Move -- the two systems are like apples and oranges . I was pleasantly surprised and amused by Kinect 's ability to record video while you are playing . While I was doing hurdles in "  Kinect Sports ' " track and field , my kitten decided to join the fun and began jumping as I jumped . Needless to say , the resulting video of us provided many laughs after the game . But games that would be better enhanced with a physical device in hand feel flat . On Kinect , they 're just not up to the demands that players make from those types of games . You will probably not enjoy racing games and first-person shooter games as much with Kinect that you do with regular controllers . Right now , the Kinect can understand languages from the United States , United Kingdom , Mexico , Japan and Canada -- with more to roll out in the near future . Kipman said they will be constantly refining voice-recognition software to help the system recognize dialects in each language . Prices range from $ 399 for a 250GB Xbox 360 Kinect bundle to $ 299 for the 4GB bundle and $ 149 for the Kinect box by itself , without the console . Is it worth it ? That may depend on whether you have kids -- and what kind of gamer you are .	Kinect introduces a gaming system where there is nothing to hold and no buttons to push Three camera sensors and four mics help Kinect recognize who is standing in front of it Microsoft says 30,000 North American retailers will have Kinect available on Thursday
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- Scores of boat people who fled Myanmar and are now in Thailand are to be sent back despite human rights groups ' concerns they could be tortured or killed upon return . A photograph released by the Thai navy shows a group of men captured on December 12 . "  They will have to be sent back , according to our law , " Thailand 's Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva told CNN . "  They are entering the country illegally . We do what they would do . " The 12 boys and 66 men who arrived are among thousands of members of the Rohingya minority who have fled Myanmar , formerly known as Burma , because of persecution and in search of a better life . Many of them make it across a dangerous sea crossing in crowded boats to Thailand where they are housed in camps . But the Thai navy has been accused of forcing the boats back out to sea . The 78 people targeted for deportation are being held in Ranong , in southern Thailand . Two remain in hospital and no date has been set for the forced repatriation , an immigration official said . But human rights groups are concerned about what will happen to the men and boys when they return . Watch how crowded boats were towed out to sea and abandoned " "  We know as a point of fact that there are Rohingya who 've been returned to Myanmar who have ended up in prison , " Benjamin Zawacki , from Amnesty International , said . "  The Myanmar government has interviewed these 78 . Our fear is that if these people are sent back , the government has a record of who they are , where their families are , " Zawacki said . "  They may be tortured and or they could even be killed . That would n't be out of the question -- that is the real fear . " Sunai Phasuk , Thailand-Burma researcher for Human Rights Watch , said that the Rohingya had the "  unenviable distinction of being the most blighted " people in Myanmar . "  Denied citizenship , subject to tight restrictions on movement , employment and religious freedoms , this Muslim minority have been the target of abuses by the Burmese military for decades , " he said . "  Today they face serious risks of state violence and coercion , in part arising from preparations to build a pipeline through their region that will deliver offshore gas to China . Already reports are emerging of forced relocations and other abuses tied to gas exploitation . " The Myanmar government has not responded to CNN 's request for an interview , but the plight of the Rohingya will be discussed at this weekend 's ASEAN summit of South-East Asian nations , which the Myanmar prime minister and foreign minister are expected to attend . However , the man that effectively runs the country , Senior General Than Shwe , will not attend . Thai Prime Minister Vejjajiva has stressed the need for regional cooperation to help solve the problem of the thousands of Rohingya fleeing Myanmar . His government views them as economic migrants rather than political refugees and said it can not accommodate them in Thailand . A recent CNN investigation found evidence that the Thai army was towing boatloads of Rohingya out to sea and cutting them adrift . Hundreds are thought to have died as a result . Vejjajiva said the practice has stopped and insisted the Rohingya were given supplies of food and water . "  We regret some of the incidents that have happened in the past . They are now being corrected , " he said .	Thailand to deport nearly 80 men and boys They are among thousands of a minority to flee Myanmar amid reports of persecution Human rights groups fear the Rohingya will face murder , torture if sent back
