An Ohio man intended to save the life of his older sister by donating a kidney to her -- a sacrifice on his part that ended in vain a year ago when a nurse mistakenly threw away the donated organ . Paul Fudacz Jr. and his sister , Sarah , say the University of Toledo Medical Center "  utterly botched " their kidney transplant surgery . The medical center this week said it has "  worked hard to learn from this incident " and apologized to the family . But on Tuesday it asked that a lawsuit be dismissed and denied claims of gross negligence and failure to meet accepted standards of care . The civil complaint contends Paul Fudacz 's right kidney was considered a "  perfect match " for his sister , then 24 , who reportedly suffered from end-stage renal disease . During the brother 's surgery on August 10 , 2012 , his kidney was placed in a "  slush machine " until it could be moved to his sister 's room , where she 'd yet to undergo her surgery . A nurse , who was cleaning up , had just returned from a lunch break and thought the kidney was already in Sarah 's room when she discarded the machine 's contents , according to the lawsuit . While the kidney was later recovered , it could n't be used because it had been thrown away with other infected or unsterile medical waste , the Fudacz family alleges . Sarah Fudacz required additional dialysis and four dialysis-related surgeries before she received a replacement kidney three months later , the lawsuit states . "  When compared to Paul Jr. 's kidney , Sarah 's new kidney is a poorer match and of poorer quality , " and she has a higher risk of rejecting it over time , the lawsuit claims . The pair 's parents also claimed they suffered emotional distress and a "  loss of consortium , " or loss of family relationships . But the Ohio attorney general contends parents of adult children and siblings can not make such a claim about loss of consortium in such a case . Each of eight Fudacz family members -- including four other siblings -- are seeking in excess of $ 25,000 . Dr. Jeffrey Gold , chancellor and executive vice president for health affairs , University of Toledo Medical Center , said the university "  continues to express the sorrow that we feel that this unfortunate incident occurred . We apologize sincerely . " "  While the legal realities of this situation are complex and ongoing , we have worked hard to learn from this incident and have spread the lessons widely to try to make hospitals and transplant programs safer across the country . " In the wake of the incident , the hospital temporarily suspended its live kidney donor program . It has since resumed operations . The nurse involved in the incident retired from the hospital . The surgeon in charge of the planned transplant no longer directs the kidney transplant program but continues to perform them and remains a professor , the University of Toledo Medical Center said . CDC : Man died of rabies from kidney transplant	Man tried to donate kidney to his older sister in Toledo , Ohio Nurse mistakenly disposed of kidney in medical waste , lawsuit says Medical center denies gross negligence , apologizes to family
London  CNN  -- A new generation of creatives are taking code to a more colorful realm , using digital media to push the boundaries of art . They are artists , architects , designers , musicians and game developers and their pioneering work includes interactive sculptures , wearable technology , immersive experiences and works built via crowd-sourcing . This expanding artistic frontier is celebrated in "  Digital Revolution , " a new exhibition at London 's Barbican , A comprehensive survey of digital art from the 1970s to the present day , the exhibition traces the evolution of the digital art community and showcases the work of some of its most innovative practitioners . "  What we are doing is looking at digital practice across a range of art forms , " said curator Conrad Bodman . "  The exhibition focuses on artists who use code as their material . " Digital artists come from all kinds of backgrounds , according to Bodman , and this is one of the show 's key themes . "  Petting Zoo , "  2012  by experimental architecture and design practice , Minimaforms , is typical of the interdisciplinary nature of digital art . It features animal-like creatures in the form of robotic arms that interact with the audience by tracking their movement . " -LSB- It -RSB- is an interactive sculpture made using code by architects , " Bodman said . "  Lines are blurred between art forms . " Interactivity is another key theme , said Bodman . "  Audiences can use their whole body ... you get a level of immersion you ca n't get with traditional art forms like painting , " he added . Filmmaker and interactive artist Chris Milk 's large-scale installation "  The Treachery of Sanctuary " examines birth , life and death by using shadow play on three screens to create a poignant narrative that viewers can interact with . The installation uses Microsoft Kinect for Windows motion sensors , originally designed for the Xbox 360 video games console , which allow participants to interact with the installation using gestures and commands . One screen features a huge pair of wings , which are superimposed onto the participant 's shadow . A wave of the arms will furl and unfurl the wingspan , more rapid motion will cause the creature to lift up from the ground and fly . "  People love to play with the wings ... especially kids . It 's cool to see these tiny people with huge wings , " said Brian Chasalow , an artist and programmer , who coded half of the installation . "  Someone came in in a wheelchair ... and you could feel that -LSB- being able to fly -RSB- was special for them , " he added . Fashion label Cutecircuit creates interactivity of a different kind with wearable tech : A skirt whose pattern can be changed via an app and which you can send tweets to and a touch telecommunication T-shirt , The Hug Shirt , that allows people send each other cuddles remotely . "  Everything in our lives are connected apart from fashion , which is stuck in the Middle Ages , " said co-founder Francesca Rosella who previously worked for Italian couture label , Valentino . " -LSB- Our designs mean you can -RSB- communicate and express yourself in a more interesting way . " One high-profile fan is singer Katy Perry , who is regularly photographed wearing Cutecircuit 's interactive haute-couture dresses on the red carpet . The exhibition also features a number of new commissions including "  Pyramidi , " a collaboration by musician and technology advocate will.i.am and Japanese artist Yuri Suzuki . It features three robotic instruments -- piano , drums and guitar -- in the shape of pyramids in front of a huge projection of will.i.am in an ancient Egyptian headdress singing a song written for the installation . Each robot can be programmed to play music live . "  We are dreaming about the future of art and technology and the intersection of both , " will.i.am said . Collaborator Suzuki added that the concept was from a "  vision of the future of music and music distribution , " adding that it was a response to illegal downloading and the energy that artists spend on live shows . "  Each robot represents a musician ... it 's a way of distributing music in a new way and performing a live concert ... it 's live but mechanical , " he said . Another new commission is immersive installation "  Assemblance , " by London-based Umbrellium who are known for their large-scale mass participatory interactive outdoor events . "  Assemblance " is their first artwork for an indoor space and they say "  it blurs arbitrary distinctions between physical and virtual . " The installation features a blacked-out room filled with three-dimensional light fields that visitors can walk through and manipulate with their bodies to create luminous forms and release puffs of smoke and bubbles . "  We 're interested in the participatory experience and how you can create trust and something bigger than yourself , " said Usman Haque , one of the Umbrellium artists who created the work . "  It is actually very revealing of people . " "  The Brainwriter " project , a technology that allows people to communicate with the outside world using just their brainwaves is debuted by The Not Impossible Foundation with a specially commissioned video game that allows visitors to try out the technology . "  The Brainwriter " uses an EEG or brainwave sensor and eye-tracking technology to enable the fully paralysed to draw and communicate . " It is an extension of an earlier project , "  The Eyewriter , " that Not Impossible made for graffiti artist TemptOne to allow him to draw again despite suffering from the neuro-degenerative condition , motor neurone disease . "  He started being able to communicate and started making art with his eye movements including a sculpture , " said one of the designers , David Putrino . When he started to lose the ability to blink , Not Impossible came up with "  The Brainwriter " to allow him to communicate by thought alone . "  We are interested in the idea of technology for the sake of humanity , " Mike Ebeling , Not Impossible CEO said . "  All these examples -LSB- in this exhibition -RSB- are seeds and we think about how we can reapply them for fundamental social need . "  It 's a playground ... and we ask ourselves , ` How can we hack that ? ' " Read more : Would you pay over $ 4 million for an unmade bed ? Read more : Profoundly intimate photographs from a young Stanley Kubrick Read more : 13 of the world 's most remarkable miniature hideaways	A new generation of digital creatives are pushing the boundaries of art They create immersive , interactive art using coding , motion sensors and more Work celebrated in new London exhibition , "  Digital Revolution " Original work by musician will.i.am , "  Pyramidi " featured in show
Careerbuilder.com  -- Problem : Even though rest is how your body rebuilds , there 's virtually no time or space to do it at work . But we really need rest -- much of the population is sleep-deprived . It 's even more severely rest-deprived , which fouls up mood , performance and health . If you do too much at once , you 'll feel overwhelmed . If you do the same thing too much over and over , you 'll get exhausted . Taking breaks is often the only way to prevent the error that being tired and unrested can cause , yet it 's hard for most workers to rest -- and still be efficient -- at work . You have to be the right kinds of breaks . Solution : You probably ca n't take naps at work -- about half of Fortune 500 corporations will fire you or reprimand you if you nap on the job . Instead , take an UnNap Nap using the paradoxical relaxation technique . Careerbuilder.com : What does your cubicle say about you ? UnNap Naps can be taken in a very short time , one to three minutes , though you can certainly take longer ones . Where and when you can take an UnNap Nap : Anywhere , any time What it is : It 's all about paying attention to muscle tension -- that 's it . Why it is "  paradoxical " relaxation ? Because you rest and relax by not relaxing -- thus the paradox . How to take an UnNap : 1 . Sit in a comfortable place  try this first when you 're not at work  . 2 . Start with any muscle in the head that feels tight . Ca n't find one ? If you 're looking at a screen all day , the middle of your forehead should feel tight ; others find that some spot on their neck is always a bit tight . 3 . Put one hand over your closed eyes  if asked at work , you can say you have a little headache you 're trying to fix  . 4 . With your other hand , point at the muscle that 's a bit tense in order to focus on it ; put your hand back . Careerbuilder.com : 7 questions not to ask 5 . Continue to focus all your attention on the tense muscle . Feel it . Sense it . Do n't relax it or tense it . Just focus on it . You can also visualize the muscle . Muscles work like a set of teeth in a comb -- when they 're tense , they bunch up ; when relaxed , they pull away from each other . 6 . Sense that muscle and its tension for 30 seconds . 7 . Pull your hand away from your eyes and open them . Now , think about how the muscle feels . Does it feel relaxed ? What about the rest of your body ? Here 's where the paradox comes in -- with all your attention focused on one spot , the rest of the body relaxes . Now , sense other muscles on your face or head that are tense . Choose one . For the next 15 seconds , just sense that muscle alone . Feel it with your complete attention . Continue until you feel more relaxed . Extending the UnNap Nap To make the UnNap Nap as close to a nap as possible , do a mental scan of the body , focusing on different muscle groups one at a time , stopping at any that are feeling tense . Careerbuilder.com : 5 ways to rehab your resume Go down the body muscle by muscle . Sense each muscle group for 15 seconds . Go from head to toe . After awhile , you 'll be able to easily pick them out , especially if you work at a desk . When you feel fully relaxed , notice your attention level . You should feel more relaxed and focused . Using the UnNap Nap You can use the UnNap Nap to relax anywhere , any time , and with practice it can be done in 15 seconds or less . It can be used to : • Improve concentration quickly • Relieve stress almost anywhere , any time • Help you nap or fall asleep when you have the time • Help teach you active rest -- the many different techniques to power you up when you 're exhausted or calm you when you 're stressed . • Help you relax and de-stress in the middle of a exam -- academic , medical , whatever . Rest rebuilds and revives the body . Active rest helps you direct that rebuilding , so it goes more the way you want -- it , making you more productive , more alert , more relaxed -- and often looking and feeling younger , too . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Even though rest is how your body rebuilds , there 's virtually no time to do it at work Taking breaks is often the only way to prevent the error that being tired and unrested can cause Take a one-to-three-minute UnNap Nap to relax yourself Relax by concentrating on a particularly tense muscle
What 's killing the East Coast dolphins ? The carcasses of dozens of the marine mammals , seven times more than normal , have been washing up on beaches this summer , and scientists are struggling for answers to the die-off . In Virginia alone , at least 164 dead dolphins have been found this year , said Joan M. Barns , public relations manager for the Virginia Aquarium in Virginia Beach . Almost half of those , 78 , have washed ashore in August , she said . As of Tuesday , federal authorities say , they have recorded 228 dolphin deaths this year from New York to Virginia . In all of 2012 , 111 deaths were recorded . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has issued an Unusual Mortality Event in response to the deaths . The declaration brings special federal attention to deaths as something that serves as an indicator of ocean health and may give "  insight into larger environmental issues which may also have implications for human health and welfare , " according to NOAA 's website . The current declaration for the mid-Atlantic bottlenose dolphins is one of 60 Unusual Mortality Events the agency has issued since they were established under the Marine Mammal Protection Act in 1991 . Causes , including infections , biotoxins , human intervention and malnutrition , have been determined for the 29 of those cases . Early speculation into the latest deaths , which have spiked this month , is focused on an infection . "  Based on the rapid increase in strandings over the last two weeks and the geographic extent of these mortalities , an infectious pathogen is at the top of the list of potential causes for this UME , but all potential causes of these mortalities will be evaluated , " NOAA said in announcing the mortality event . "  Work is underway to determine whether an infectious agent affecting these dolphins is present in collected tissue samples . " Susan Barco , research coordinator for the Virginia Aquarium and Marine Science Center , said necropsies are providing clues . "  We 're starting now to see lesions in their lungs that are consistent with some sort of a respiratory infection , " she said . "  We 're seeing very active lymph nodes , which means they 're actively fighting an infection . " Both Barco and Charlie Potter , marine mammal collections manager of the Smithsonian Institution 's National Museum of Natural History , said scientists are looking at the morbillivirus , which was thought to be behind a die-off of 740 dolphins along the East Coast in 1987 . It has been found in some of the animals studied this year , Potter told NPR . "  Morbilli is a group or family of viruses , and it includes things such as measles and distemper , " Potter told NPR . "  So that one of the big questions are facing us right now is the extent of this infection and whether or not the infection is something that 's always been there and what we 're just picking up because of increased surveillance , or is this perhaps the smoking gun that we 've been looking for ? " Barco said there could be other causes . "  Lung infections is one of the characteristics of morbillivirus , but it 's not the only thing that can cause a lung infection . So again , we 're not sure these animals are sick animals , and we 're finding problems in many of their organ systems , and we are concerned that they may be immuno-suppressed , and they may be getting any number of things that are causing them to die . " On the Smithsonian 's blog , Potter said the virus may be something that is exacerbated by other stresses in the dolphins ' environment , mainly pollution in the form of pesticides , heavy metals and hydrocarbons . The preponderance of males and calves among the dead dolphins gives rise to those suspicions . "  Males do n't have a mechanism for shedding contaminants , " Potter said on the blog . "  The females shed significant amounts of their lipid-soluble contaminants through lactation , so the calf gets a hell of a dose early on in life , and some of the most outrageous levels of contaminants we 've seen have been in calves . " Whatever the reason , dying dolphins send a warning to humans , Barco said . "  Bottlenose dolphins are a higher-order predator . They 're often referred to as ` ocean sentinels of health . ' So when our bottlenose dolphins are healthy , it would probably indicate that we have a fairly healthy ecosystem . When our bottlenose dolphins are not healthy , it may very well indicate that our ecosystem is not healthy , " she said . Dolphins may be calling each other by name The aquarium researcher also said she fears that the disease and deaths could spread south . "  We suspect , as dolphins move , that the event will move , too . Unfortunately we 're afraid this is going to continue for a little while , and this will continue through the fall migration , " she said , possibly reaching as far as Florida . That state has its own Unusual Mortality Event this year , with bottlenose dolphin strandings in the Indian River Lagoon system at three times historical averages . Manatee deaths are also up there , and no cause has been determined , according to NOAA . For the Smithsonian 's Potter , who has been working with stranded dolphin response teams in Virginia , the die-off takes a personal toll . "  When you sit back and think about it , it does stick with you , " he told NPR . "  Unfortunately , a number of the animals we 've looked at have been neonates , that is , infants . And as a father , that 's always hard to do . " China 's white dolphins headed for extinction ? Chinese netizens decry treatment of dying dolphin	Dolphin deaths along mid-Atlantic states seven times higher than normal Virginia has recorded 78 dolphin deaths this month alone Scientists investigating respiratory infection Dolphins send a message on health of environment , scientist says
CNN  -- The father of a missing 11-year-old girl New Hampshire girl pleaded for her safe return Sunday , six days after she was last seen in her home . Local , state and federal investigators continue to look for Celina Cass , with searches being conducted "  by air , by land , by water " in and around the girl 's hometown of West Stewartstown , New Hampshire Senior Assistant Attorney General Jane Young said Sunday . She noted that authorities , which include FBI members , had received more than 400 leads as of early Sunday evening but , "  at this point , we still have not discovered Celina . " The community of about 1,000 people borders Vermont , and is also very close to the Canadian border . "  We are working tirelessly to bring her home , " Young said . The girl 's father , Adam Laro , said Sunday that he 's recovering after being recently released from the hospital -- sending a message to his girl that "  Daddy is OK now , I 'm getting much better . " He did not detail why he had been hospitalized . He added that he , like others , is "  wondering where my daughter is " and hoping she is safe . "  Whenever you want to come home , Celina , Daddy will be here waiting for you , " Laro said . Celina was last seen in her room , at her computer , at about 9 p.m. Monday night , according to police . WMUR reported that her parents told authorities the girl was gone when they went to wake her up Tuesday morning . Friends have set up a Facebook page , "  Missing Celina Cass , " with one of the fliers serving as a profile picture . According to the flier , Celina is 5 feet , 5 inches tall and weighs 95 pounds , with long brown hair and brown eyes . She was last seen wearing a pink shirt , pink pullover and blue shorts . Young said Sunday that investigators consider this a "  missing persons " case . Authorities have offered few further details on the case , and an Amber Alert has not been issued . Among other pieces of potential evidence , Young has said investigators are looking at computer and phone records , trying to find clues .	Celina Cass , 11 , was last seen last Monday night inside her home Authorities have gotten over 400 leads , but still do n't know where she is Her father says : "  Whenever you want to come home ... Daddy will be waiting "
CNN  -- When a massive , muscle-bound American football player announced this weekend that he is gay , we watched yet another brick crumble in the monolith of American prejudice . To some , Michael Sam 's words might have come as a shock , but most Americans know the country is in the midst of a fundamental social shift , one that conjures images of a different place . Where ? Well , if you traveled from the United States to the Netherlands a few years ago , what you saw -- and smelled -- in the streets of ultra-liberal Amsterdam probably shocked you . Young people smoking joints in an open-air cafÃ © , gay couples holding hands on the streets and people of all ages not batting an eye about any of it gave U.S. visitors a novel and exotic experience . Back then , the United States and the Netherlands stood on opposite sides of the front line of the social wars . Not anymore . It 's not because the Netherlands has changed . It is the United States , the American people , who have changed . The transformation in U.S. public opinion , increasingly reflected in legislation , has narrowed what was an enormous gap between the two countries . Change is coming at such a fast , accelerating rate that one wonders , is America turning into the Netherlands ? I will save you the trouble of answering . No , but there is no denying there is a visible convergence on key issues . As a frequent visitor to the Netherlands for many years , I can tell you that the disbelieving questions I used to face about America 's puritanism have become much less frequent .  Others , mostly about guns in America , have not abated . In the summer of 1998 , then-U.S. drug czar Barry McCaffrey triggered an unseemly diplomatic skirmish during a fact-finding visit to the Dutch capital . The four-star general , charged with leading America 's war on drugs , tensed up as he saw the smoke wafting out of perfectly legal pot-selling cafes in Amsterdam . He surveyed the permissive drug environment and publicly judged Dutch drug policy an "  unmitigated disaster . " Dutch government officials responded with a barrage of statistics to prove the visitor wrong , and coffee shop customers declared McCaffrey had no idea what he was talking about . The general may have been too focused on the drug situation to notice what was happening on the same-sex marriage front in the Netherlands . Perhaps he would have found that also disastrous . The parliament had just approved an innovative concept of "  registered partnerships , " allowing couples , gay and straight , to be treated more or less the same as their legally married counterparts . In the United State then , during the 1990s , the weapon of choice in the Republican arsenal was "  family values . " The approval of same-sex marriage was about as likely in the United States as , say , Russian President Vladimir Putin officiating a gay wedding in Sochi today . The 1992 and 1996 Republican conventions , which I attended as part of the CNN team , were choreographed carnivals of anti-gay invective . It was n't just Republicans . By substantial majorities , Americans opposed gay rights and , incidentally , strongly supported drug laws outlawing marijuana use . In a CNN poll in 1998 , a majority said they believed gay people can change their sexual orientation if they chose to do so . But at the same time , American views were beginning to budge . Just as President Barack Obama 's public embrace of same-sex marriage gave a boost to popular support , Bill Clinton sensed an increase in acceptance and tried to propel change with an effort to end the ban on gays in the military . The reaction would have been laughable had it not been so outrageous . Sam Nunn , then the Democratic chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , toured a submarine , expertly examining the bunks where sailors slept in close quarters . Obviously , the tour indicated , gay men would find the temptation of nearby sailors simply irresistible . Clinton changed course , approved the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy and signed the Defense of Marriage Act , both of which caused enormous injustices , both of which stayed in place until recently . In 2001 , George W. Bush took office , invigorating Republicans . That same year , the Netherlands became the world 's first country to legalize same-sex marriage . The day the bill became law , Amsterdam 's mayor became a registrar and personally officiated the country 's first such wedding . A Pew Research Center poll clocked support for same-sex marriage among Americans then at just 35 % . Despite the head winds , the battle for equal rights has not stopped , not in the United States , not in other corners of the world . As the German philosopher Georg Hegel explained more than 200 years ago , history itself is the progress of the consciousness of freedom . It can be slowed . It can be delayed . But it can not be stopped . Today , America looks like a different country . In fact , in many respects it looks very much like the Netherlands . Today , a majority of Americans support same-sex marriage , which is legal in 17 states and the District of Columbia . And that majority is sure to continue growing , because the numbers are overwhelming among young people . Even the legalization of marijuana , which is picking up legal support around the country , enjoys majority support . Does that mean America is becoming more liberal ? Not really . In the Netherlands , the driving philosophy is one of tolerance and compromise . In the United States , the shift reflects a closer alignment with the country 's historic embrace of freedom from the government . The "  family values " efforts to legislate morality run counter to that libertarian notion of freedom . Liberals have always been more comfortable with the differences between people . And conservatives are increasingly redefining their stance on a number of social issues , concluding that different people can live different lives . The government should not interfere . There are many other factors , of course . Activists have worked persistently to educate the public . And the entertainment industry has played an important role . And the changes in America are echoes of a global trend . Secular , affluent countries tend to be more accepting of different lifestyle choices . Homosexuality is gaining acceptance in the West , while it is overwhelmingly condemned in Muslim countries , and in sub-Saharan Africa . The Western world 's attitude toward drugs is changing . "  Hard " drugs and addiction are seen more as a disease than a moral failing . Marijuana , once demonized , is increasingly viewed as less harmful than alcohol . There are many areas in which progressive Western nations , such as the Netherlands , are still sharply different from the United States . Differences over gun policy will likely persist , while views over contentious topics such as the right to die are likely to converge . For America , the driving force behind the transformation is found in a changing definition of the meaning of freedom . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : The Netherlands once seemed permissive to U.S. on pot , same-sex marriage But changes in public opinion , laws have narrowed social gap in the two countries She says "  family values " stance conflicted with libertarian notion of freedom Ghitis : U.S. differs with many nations on gun issue , but definition of freedom shifting
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . Much has been made of people who live beyond their means . When you see a neighbor bring home a fancy new car , you ca n't help but wonder how she can afford it on her salary . However , you ca n't assume you know how much she  or anybody  makes unless you 've seen her tax returns . Searching the heavens for stars , planets or black holes can pay very well . Plenty of people earn surprising paychecks -- some higher and others lower than you expect . For this reason we 've put together a list of jobs and their unexpected salaries . It 's good information to know just to satisfy your curiosity  or nosiness  . Plus , the next time you 're job hunting , use the list as a reminder not to make a snap judgment about any job before you do your research . Court reporters What they do : Court reporters transcribe court proceedings , meetings , speeches and other events where verbatim documentation is necessary . Any time someone says "  Strike that from the record , " court reporters are the ones writing that record . Surprising salary : $ 59,970 * . You might not have thought typing could earn you so much money , but once you realize court reporters ca n't miss a word -- often in fast-talking situations -- it makes more sense . Elementary school principals What they do : Elementary school principals ensure that students are meeting education requirements by communicating with other administrators , evaluating teachers , monitoring the curriculum and interacting with parents on a regular basis . Surprising salary : $ 79,310 . Careers in education , particularly those not at the college level , are notorious for being underpaid . Principals , however , earn significantly higher salaries than you might expect , sometimes as much as forty percent more than an elementary school teacher . Paramedics What they do : Paramedics respond to emergency situations and attempt to provide the necessary medical care , whether it involves transporting participants to a hospital or treating them on the scene . Surprising salary : $ 27,070 . Seeing as paramedics have high stress jobs that require them to be on call and ready to save lives at a moment 's notice , you might expect their mean annual salary to be higher . Astronomers What they do : Astronomers use their physics and math skills to study the universe and its origin , which includes galaxies , solar systems and the planets within . They use this research to analyze and solve problems dealing with satellites and space travel . Surprising salary : $ 95,740 . Though maybe it should n't be all that surprising considering a doctorate is the standard level of education and there are only 1,700 astronomers in the U.S. Fashion designers What they do : Fashion designers design and create new clothes and other fashion accessories to be sold to the public in retail stores . Depending on whether they work for their own label or for someone else 's , they might set new trends or follow existing ones . Surprising salary : $ 69,270 . Aspiring fashion designers are warned that few people can be the next Marc Jacobs , with runway shows at Fashion Week , actresses wearing their dresses at awards shows and millions in the bank -- but the less famous fashion designers , which include those working for retail chains , are earning more than you probably thought . * Mean annual salary information based on data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics  BLS  . E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Court reporters cash in a big check for keeping up with every word in court Astronomers make $ 96,000 but there are only 1,700 of them in the U.S. Despite high stress , fast nature of their job , paramedics have a low salary
CNN  -- Leave it to Jim Carrey to turn a commencement speech into a show and tell . The actor brought along some of his artwork to share Saturday with the graduates of the Maharishi University of Management in Fairfield , Iowa . And the actor offered the Class of 2014 inspiring words about life and their future . "  Like many of you , I was concerned about going out into the world and doing something bigger than myself , until someone smarter than myself made me realize that there is nothing bigger than myself , " the "  Dumb and Dumber " star said . "  My soul is not contained within the limits of my body ; my body is contained within the limitlessness of my soul . " The funnyman got serious when discussing his father and the things he learned from him . "  My father could have been a great comedian , but he did n't believe that that was possible for him , and so he made a conservative choice , " Carrey said . "  Instead he got a safe job as an accountant . " All of that fell apart , the actor said , when his dad lost his job and the family fell on hard times . "  I learned many great lessons from my father , not the least of which , was that you can fail at what you do n't want , so you might as well take a chance on doing what you love , " he said . The speech received a rousing reaction from the graduating students of the institution , which according to its website is a place where "  all students and faculty ... practice the Transcendental MeditationÂ ® technique . " Carrey jokingly thanked , "  The trustees , the administrators , the faculty of MUM for creating an institution worthy of Maharishi 's ideals of education as well as enabling the students through transcendental meditation and ancient vedic knowledge to slack off twice a day for an hour and a half . " He also received an honorary degree of doctor of fine arts during the ceremony .	Jim Carrey addresses Class of 2014 at the Maharishi University of Management Carrey said his father could have become a comic but chose the safe route as an accountant He tells students "  you might as well take a chance on doing what you love " He jokes about meditation as time "  to slack off twice a day for an hour and a half "
Fear over Ebola is growing as international leaders and health organizations struggle to try to stop the deadly epidemic in West Africa . The Ebola outbreak "  is moving faster than our efforts to control it , " Margaret Chan , director-general of the World Health Organization , said in a statement Friday . "  This is an unprecedented outbreak accompanied by unprecedented challenges . And these challenges are extraordinary . " This is the first Ebola outbreak in West Africa and involves the most deadly strain in the Ebola virus family , Chan said . "  If the situation continues to deteriorate , the consequences can be catastrophic in terms of lost lives but also severe socioeconomic disruption and a high risk of spread to other countries . " One of those countries could be the United States , health officials have said . In fact , the U.S. Department of State announced Friday that it is working with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to bring home two U.S. citizens who have been infected by Ebola in Liberia . Here 's what you need to know about the Ebola outbreak today : How many people have died ? As of Sunday , the World Health Organization had confirmed 909 cases and 485 deaths in Guinea , Sierra Leone , Liberia and Nigeria . It suspects that there may have been up to 1,323 cases and 729 deaths . "  The outbreak is by far the largest ever in the nearly four-decade history of this disease , " Chan said . "  It is the largest in terms of numbers of cases and deaths . ... It is the largest in terms of geographical areas already affected and others at immediate risk of further spread . " CDC Director Tom Frieden said Thursday that it could take three to six months to stop the epidemic . Why is it spreading so quickly ? First of all , there 's no vaccine for Ebola . So health officials have to stop the infection by isolating patients to prevent further transmission . Past outbreaks have primarily occurred in rural areas , where people were not frequently traveling and infecting others . This outbreak has made it to several of the region 's major cities , including Freetown , Sierra Leone ; Monrovia , Liberia ; and Conakry , Guinea . These cities have international airports , which opens up the possibility of infected patients traveling abroad . For example , American Patrick Sawyer became infected with Ebola in Liberia and traveled via plane to Lagos , Nigeria , where he died . Health officials are still tracing all the people he came in contact with along the way . The outbreak is "  taking place in areas with fluid population movements over porous borders , and it has demonstrated its ability to spread via air travel , contrary to what has been seen in past outbreaks , " Chan said . "  Cases are occurring in rural areas which are difficult to access , but also in densely populated capital cities . " NIH : Ebola vaccine to be tested in human trials soon Is Ebola is coming to the U.S. ? On Thursday , a medical charter plane outfitted with an isolation pod left Cartersville , Georgia , about 5 p.m. . The aircraft was scheduled to fly to Monrovia , Liberia , and will return with either Dr. Kent Brantly or Nancy Writebol , who were infected with Ebola while working for the aid group Samaritan 's Purse in Liberia last week . The two patients will be evacuated in separate trips , according to Samaritan 's Purse spokesman Todd Shearer . It is unclear who will be transported first but both evacuations "  should be completed by early next week . " Samaritan 's Purse has described Brantly and Writebol as being in grave but stable condition . Several aid organizations , including the Peace Corps , are asking volunteers and nonessential personnel to leave the region . The evacuation of these staff members has begun , Samaritan 's Purse said . Who approved that ? The decision was ultimately that of Samaritan 's Purse , Frieden told CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta . The organization worked with the CDC to arrange the evacuation . "  Our role at CDC is to make sure in the transportation and in the care , any risk of infection to others is kept to the absolute minimum , " Frieden said . "  I know it creates a fear in people , but I really hope that people 's fear wo n't outweigh their compassion . " Is the CDC ready to handle Ebola ? Trust in the CDC has waned in recent months , after multiple lapses in proper lab procedure put workers -- and potentially the public -- at risk . Investigators found that scientists had transported dangerous biological materials in Ziploc bags and once sent a live sample of bird flu to a low-security lab ill-equipped to handle the virus . The investigation began in June , when workers based at the agency 's headquarters in Atlanta were potentially exposed to anthrax after a lab failed to deactivate it . Congress grilled Frieden on July 16 over these and other incidents , saying they were "  completely unacceptable . " "  The CDC is supposed to be the gold standard " for lab safety , Rep. Tim Murphy , R-Pennsylvania , said at the hearing . "  This is not sound science , and this will not be tolerated . " Which prompts the question : If the CDC was n't handling dangerous biological materials properly in a lab , is it ready to handle America 's first Ebola patient ? Frieden said that in the past , five people have arrived in the United States with other types of hemorrhagic fever ; in all five cases , the patients were treated in hospitals , and no secondary infections occurred . And Medecins sans Frontieres has treated infectious disease abroad for decades without a death , he said . "  The stakes are higher with Ebola , but the risk is no higher . It 's a virus easily deactivated with standard cleaning in hospitals . " Experts : U.S. health care system well-prepared for Ebola When will the infected Americans be evacuated ? Soon . The State Department said the two citizens would be evacuated in the "  coming days . " When it arrives , the plane will land at Dobbins Air Reserve Base in Georgia , about 20 miles from the CDC 's Atlanta headquarters , a Pentagon spokesman said . Then where will the patients go ? The patients will be brought to Emory University , which is near CDC 's headquarters , hospital officials told Gupta . They will likely be transported in an Emory ambulance or medical helicopter from the airport . Emory University Hospital has a specially built isolation unit that is designed to treat patients exposed to infectious diseases like Ebola , the hospital said in a statement Thursday . It is one of only four units in the United States . "  Emory University Hospital physicians , nurses and staff are highly trained in the specific and unique protocols and procedures necessary to treat and care for this type of patient , " the statement said . "  These procedures are practiced on a regular basis throughout the year so we are fully prepared for this type of situation . " What treatment will they receive ? There is no specific treatment for Ebola . Doctors can administer only "  supportive therapy , " which means supporting the patient 's own immune system as it tries to battle the infection . This usually involves intravenous fluids to prevent dehydration and shock . This therapy for Ebola patients could also include blood or platelet transfusions and oxygen therapy . Ebola can last two to three weeks , so patients would remain in isolation until their symptoms subside and tests come back negative for the virus . Should I be worried ? When the infected aid workers return , it will be the first time someone infected with Ebola is known to have crossed into the United States . That realization has prompted fear among some on social media . But U.S. health experts do n't seem concerned about it spreading for two reasons : One , Ebola is aggressively infectious , which means that those infected are highly likely to get sick . But it 's not very contagious , meaning it does n't spread easily . It 's transmitted only through bodily fluids while the infected patient is exhibiting symptoms . And two , experts say our health care system would be able to identify and contain the virus swiftly . Frieden said other aid workers returning to the United States will have their temperature taken every day for 21 days -- the longest period known for Ebola symptoms to appear after infection -- to ensure that they do n't have the virus . Have other aid workers been affected ? Yes . A well-known doctor fighting Ebola in Sierra Leone died this week after contracting the virus . "  To date , more than 60 health care workers have lost their lives in helping others . Some international staff are infected , " Chan said . "  These tragic infections and deaths significantly erode response capacity . "	American patients infected with Ebola will be brought home in separate trips Medical plane will land at Dobbins Air Reserve Base in Georgia Ebola outbreak is "  moving faster than our efforts to control it , " WHO leader says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The faithful walk past a Charlie Chaplin who twirls his cane , a Marilyn who shows off her cleavage while blowing kisses and a ranting , Jheri-curled Samuel Jackson  a la "  Pulp Fiction "  who flashes his Bad Mother F**ker wallet . They did n't come here to ogle the impersonators on Hollywood Boulevard . Nor did they come to snatch up tickets to meet Madame Tussaud 's wax figures . Yawn . And they certainly did n't arrive to hop on the Crime Scene Tour bus . No , they take their seats on a cement wall around the corner , in front of Grauman 's Chinese Theatre , where they wait in anticipation for something bigger . "  I 'd like to see the toilet where George Michael got busted " for a lewd act with an undercover cop , says an Aussie . "  Anything Britney , I 'll be happy with , " says the Aussie 's partner , his camera at the ready . "  We 'd like to see Lindsay drunk , facedown somewhere . That would be awesome , " a woman gushes , her friend nodding beside her . Welcome to the TMZ Tour , where for the special reduced price of $ 49 , an adult can board a bus and take a two-hour unashamed dip into the celebrity gossip sleaze pool . Children are welcome to dive in for $ 39 . "  We were going to do the movie stars ' homes , but that seemed so boring , " says Mark Green , 33 , of Newcastle , Australia , who flew into Los Angeles just hours earlier and rushed here , jet lag be damned . "  This was the newest , hippest thing to do . " Beckoned by the ticket taker , the assembled crowd moves toward the bus . "  You guys excited ? " yells the escort , who leads the way through a maze of corridors . First they let out a collective scream , and then the fist-pumping chants begin : "  T-M-Z ! T-M-Z ! T-M-Z ! " There 's nowhere Karen Morin of Long Beach , California , would rather be . "  Our main source of news is TMZ , " boasts Morin , who 's come here to celebrate her 47th birthday . On this tour in late August , a couple dozen enthusiasts file onto the open-sided TMZ-emblazoned bus . A young girl , too innocent to know about sex tapes , bounces on board , her TMZ stocking cap slightly askew . Nabbing a spot in the front row is a Canadian sporting a made-for-the-occasion black T-shirt that reads , "  I 'm a Lawyer ! " -- the sign-off for Harvey Levin 's "  TMZ on TV " gossip news show . Keith Jordan , an actor who 'd rather keep his age to himself , takes a seat facing the excited crowd . "  We do n't have culture in LA , " he announces , sliding into his tour guide role . "  We have the Kardashians ! " He promises to show the group where celebrities eat , party and "  buy their kids really creepy-ass dolls . " What he delivers over the next couple of hours is so much more than dining and drinking destinations , and tips on where to buy "  creepy-ass dolls "  that would be American Girl , at the Grove , for those who are wondering  . We drive along famous streets , including Sunset Boulevard , all the while scouring the landscape for real-life stars . Celebrities have been known to hop on the bus for a quick visit -- or so says our guide . We pass the Roosevelt Hotel , "  where JFK would allegedly sneak through the laundry room to hook up with Marilyn Monroe , " says the announcer on a mounted TV . We cruise down Hollywood Boulevard , "  where celebrities pay $ 30,000 to have their own stars so homeless people can pee on them , " our guide says . We turn onto Sunset Boulevard and see the fast-food joint El Pollo Loco , where Brad Pitt got his Hollywood start dressed as a chicken . The journey is a deluge of must-know smut that washes over tourists , taking with it the worries of the world . U.S. troops abroad ? Libya ? The struggling economy ? Pshaw . There are strip clubs to uncover , including the Seventh Veil , where Jordan says Motley Crue shot its "  Girls , Girls , Girls " video . Later we find the Body Shop , where our trusted guide tells us actress Megan Fox "  got down with a stripper named Nikita . " We see where Hugh Grant picked up prostitute Divine Brown for $ 60  and got busted  and are treated to their mug shots on the TV screen . Oh , and there 's the liquor store , Gil Turner 's , where Halle Berry smashed her car . We watch footage of stumbling , drunken stars and later revisit an old surveillance tape of Winona Ryder shoplifting . We play TV-prompted games , including "  The Finger or the Wave ? " In today 's episode , video captures Keanu Reeves at a restaurant . He stares at the camera , and the tape pauses . Finger or wave ? The tour bus contestant screams , "  Wave ! " Ding , ding , ding ! Throw that tourist a T-shirt ! We pass Bonhams & Butterfields , where OJ 's Heisman Trophy was auctioned off for $ 230,000 , and the Laugh Factory , where comedian Michael Richards went off on a racist rant and his career crumbled . We gawk at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center , where Julia Roberts gave birth , where Notorious B.I.G. and Elizabeth Taylor died , and where Britney Spears took an involuntary spin through the psych ward . We peer up at the high-rise Sierra Towers and learn from our all-knowing TMZ guide that resident Elton John shelled out $ 3 million for an additional condo ... just for his baby ! "  You want to hear something really depressing ? " Jordan calls out at one point . "  Snooki !  Pause  That 's all . " There are reminders of overdoses : the Viper Room , where River Phoenix died , the Chateau Marmont , where John Belushi 's life ended . It was from the storied Chateau Marmont  where the tour 's birthday girl plans to go next for lunch  that actor Josh Hartnett called 911 to -- brace yourself -- complain about his diarrhea . So that no one forgets this moment in history , the tour bus TV shares the call . "  What 's he doing calling the fire department ? " the tour guide asks . "  Eat a cracker ! " Even though we wo n't make a pilgrimage to where another historical shift occurred , we are reminded of February 16 , 2007 -- called "  one of the most shocking days " -- when Britney shaved her head . Later we 'll cruise by Hustler Hollywood , where our trusted news source says she bought her hot pink wig and where Fergie and Josh Duhamel apparently like to shop . Wink , wink . There 's Mel 's Diner , where Shaq allegedly left a $ 100 tip after ordering a milkshake , and Sunset Tan , where it 's said Paris Hilton maintains her hue . Further on in the tour , we pass where the world got to really know Hilton : the Four Seasons Hotel , where Jordan says she and Rick Salomon filmed "  the most lucrative sex tape of all time ! " The little girl who boarded in the stocking cap is slumped in her seat , hat off , looking not only unfazed but bored . The education on how we can be like the stars goes on . For $ 400 , our guide says , you can get a haircut at Chris McMillan . Shell out $ 1,500 for a reservation , and you can walk into Bijan on Rodeo Drive . Or , at a bargain of $ 30 , you can enjoy a salad at the Ivy . And if you 're a man looking to prove that you 're fine after a high-profile breakup , you can snag a window seat at the Village Idiot and surround yourself with laughing , flirtatious women -- just like Jordan says Zac Efron did . We marvel at the famous Hollywood sign up in the hills . We whip out our cameras to capture the iconic Beverly Hills sign , too . We take comfort knowing the fire hydrants in Beverly Hills are painted platinum and that the Hollywood Police Station has a five-star rating on Yelp . And all around us , as passers-by honk and scream -- "  T-M-Z ! " -- we know we are not alone . On this day in late August , as victims of Hurricane Irene struggle through floodwaters , world leaders wring their hands over Moammar Gadhafi and U.S. troops look back on their deadliest month in Afghanistan , the TMZ Tour offers a different reality , an unapologetic escape . With or without a facedown Lindsay or George Michael 's toilet .	Take a two-hour dip into the celebrity gossip sleaze pool Drive along famous streets , including Sunset Boulevard , scouring for a real-life celebrity See where Hugh Grant picked up a prostitute , where Halle Berry smashed up her car
CNN  -- For an awards show that 's not the Oscars , the 2012 Golden Globes attracted a good amount of attention . About 16.8 million people -- a slight dip from last year 's 17 million viewers -- tuned in to the event that elicited countless trending topics on Twitter , status updates on Facebook , inches in newspapers and articles online . Yes , it 's that time of year again when starlets show off their best assets in designer gowns , tiny statues are handed out and the world gets to critique who worked the red carpet . Awards season officially kicked off on television last Sunday night with the Golden Globes and the media was notably underwhelmed by the soiree while viewers seemed split on host Ricky Gervais ' toned-down performance . So why not just change the channel ? Awards shows are among the few glamorous Hollywood events that are open to the public , said Mary McNamara , a TV critic at the Los Angeles Times . But it 's not just about the glitz , the couture and the celebrity . "  When even reality TV is scripted , there 's something refreshing about seeing something that could be unpredictable , " said Daniel Manu , the site director of Television Without Pity . "  You do n't know what  the winners  will say when they get up there . You might see a truly human moment from people who are usually ... on point . " Nobody expected lead actress in a drama winner Meryl Streep to curse upon realizing she left her glasses at her seat at Sunday 's Globes . And nobody knew how presenters Rob Lowe and Julianne Moore would recover when the teleprompter malfunctioned  by joking about doing a cold read in front of Steven Spielberg . "  Someone is going to make a mistake , " McNamara said . "  Somebody 's dress is going to be terrible . It 's a wonderful opportunity to vent about Hollywood and celebrity culture while also participating in it . " And social media has only amplified our will to participate . "  People have been having Oscar parties for years , " Manu said . "  Sitting around someone 's living room and making jokes . " It 's just that nobody could hear them , he said . Enter Twitter . "  Without the Internet , the Golden Globes would n't be fun to watch , " Manu said . "  Fans and critics can instantly respond on Twitter and comment back to these shows . In a way , awards shows are more fun now , regardless of the host and nominees . Technology allows us to respond immediately . And snark immediately . " The social media aspect also pressures viewers to watch the shows live . Nobody wants to be the guy tweeting about Ricky Gervais ' monologue halfway through the Golden Globes , Manu said . "  For social media , the Oscars and the Golden Globes , certainly , are giant piÃ ± atas , " McNamara said . "  We whack away and send mean tweets and are hilariously funny and wicked . " Pete Cashmore , founder and CEO of Mashable , wrote in a column for CNN that he actually watched the recent Globes live because of social media . "  I did n't plan to watch the Globes , but as Twitter and Facebook lit up with buzz , I could n't help but be drawn in , " he wrote . Even people who approach awards shows with the "  I would never watch " attitude are still somehow in the know , McNamara said . Maybe they did n't watch it live , or they watched parts on YouTube after the fact . Either way , they 're aware of what happened . "  TV is a true democracy , " she said . "  If you want  an awards show  to go away , do n't watch it . If the ratings fall , it wo n't be on TV . ... Nothing is easier to get rid of than a TV show . "	About 16.8 million people tuned into the Golden Globes on Sunday The media was notably underwhelmed by the awards show Social media has amplified viewers ' desires to watch awards shows live
Internet users love animal videos . So why not watch pandas -- anywhere , anytime ? Billed as the world 's first multi-channel broadcaster of round-the-clock high-definition panda footage , a new website is streaming live feeds from 28 webcams installed inside the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding in southwest China . Visitors to www.ipanda.com can select from six channels , including adult , child , infant , and mother and child . The website began a test launch on June 24 , according to Chinese state news agency Xinhua , and has since attracted nearly 15,000 visitors . Panda lovers around the world can access the site beginning in August , Xinhua added . But while the new venture has excited some , others are less enthused at the prospect of 24-hour panda-watching . "  I saw the rear view of a panda shaped like a glutinous rice dumpling . It was eating non-stop . The life of a panda is so happy , " wrote user Mogudawanglaixunshan on China 's Twitter-like Sina Weibo , while user Ashloo commented : "  It 's boring . The pandas do n't move . " Native to China , the giant panda is considered a national treasure and classified as endangered by the World Wildlife Foundation , with only 1,600 living in the wild as of 2004 . The non-profit research base in Chengdu was founded in 1987 and currently has 83 of the furry creatures in residence .	Chinese giant panda research base launches 24/7 live broadcast of resident pandas Website streams live feeds from 28 webcams installed inside research base Giant panda is considered China 's national treasure
A great football team combines inherent violence with a certain order , always imposed by the coaches and team leaders . Famed Green Bay Packers coach Vince Lombardi allowed very little humor and made it abundantly clear that there would be no racism in his organization . Regardless of intent , any racist remark by a player was deemed malicious and resulted in instant dismissal from the team . The culture was established at the top . Leaders like Willie Davis were the enforcers in the locker room , along with Lombardi 's "  War Council , " a group of hand-picked players who communicated directly with him . The Miami Dolphins would have done well to take a page from Lombardi . On Wednesday , the Dolphins fired offensive line coach Jim Turner and head athletic trainer Kevin O'Neill . It was the latest flareup in an ongoing , ugly controversy over bullying , leadership and NFL locker-room realities , one that has some of the characteristics of a wildfire : The slightest breeze ignites it for a fresh run over highly flammable terrain . And now the heat has reached the top floor : The firings apparently came at the behest of team owner Steve Ross , who , news reports said , conducted his own investigation into the treatment of Jonathan Martin by fellow player Richie Incognito and others -- and the role their teammates , coaches and front office have played in the Dolphins ' locker room culture . That 's significant , since owners normally leave such issues to coaches . The Dolphins melodrama is a sad story of too much smart-ass talk and not enough supervision . The team 's leadership should have laid down specific guidelines regarding acceptable discussion of race and gender preference and about outright harassment . This was clear from the beginning . The team has suffered , and from the trainer to the owner , everyone -- literally everyone -- is affected . It should have never gotten this far . Whether Ross ' firm action this week is sufficient to restore order to the Dolphins is open to question , since players have weighed in on both sides . Someone should have shut the guys ' mouths on day one . Normally , that would come from within the team and coaches . I have a long view on this culture . Last fall marked the first season in 58 years that I was not employed full-time in a football job . Fourteen of those years were spent in the NFL -- 10 as a player  including with Lombardi 's Green Bay Packers  -- and I wake up each morning with painful reminders . They seem a small price to pay for having competed in the greatest team sport ever devised . With all the sometimes absurd chatter over the Dolphins ' story , it must be difficult for thinking people to know or understand how the team 's situation could have developed . Maybe I can add perspective -- to explain , if not to completely excuse . Football is the only sport in which every player needs every teammate on every play just to survive . Simply put , everybody matters . Football locker rooms are loaded with alpha males , and daily conflicts are inevitable . My sensitive , scholarly friend , writer George Plimpton , joined us with the Baltimore Colts when we were Super Bowl champions and actually played four plays against Detroit in Ann Arbor before 104,000 fans . As we left the field , he turned to me and said , "  That is the most disgusting experience in my life ! You guys are deranged ! I have never felt such palpable hatred in my life ! " I said "  That was not hatred ; it was intensity . We are competitors ! " He was inconsolable , and our argument continued until he decided we should do a book about the subject  "  One More July "  . Here are the fundamental and immutable truths that escape many media analysts and others : • When you watch an NFL game , you are observing angry young men smashing each other with all their might on every snap of the ball . And each generation of players is bigger , faster and stronger than the one before . • Football is not a contact sport . It is a collision sport . That is the essence -- indeed , the whole point -- of the game . • College football is a petting zoo . The NFL is a jungle . When players cross the white lines in the NFL , they take on the persona of the gladiator . The intent is to destroy the opponent 's will , to dominate him , to beat him into submission . There are no nice guys on game day . • Some players can exit the field and resume life as decent human beings : kind , reverent and socially aware . Some can not . Their unresolved anger issues are too dominant and manifest in often dangerous ways . For these players and former players , there is no equivalent in civilian life to the catharsis of two hours a day of physical combat . • The only people who understand a specific locker room are those who lived or live there . When I moved to Don Shula 's team in Baltimore , for example , I was surprised to learn that there was much more laughter than in my previous locker room . The team motto was "  If you ca n't take a joke , bleep you ! " Only we did n't say "  bleep . " Everyone was fair game , especially superstars like John Unitas . The great John Mackey literally stripped his britches off down to jock once , in the middle of practice with several hundred spectators , because Tom Matte had planted a cicada in his pants . Everyone laughed , including Mackey . Shula smiled but quickly restored order , reminding us that we had better execute if we wanted the fun to continue . If practice deteriorated , Shula stuck that jaw out , and our safety valve , Dan "  Sully " Sullivan , would say , "  Cut the crap . He 's not smiling . " I really feel that Shula 's phenomenal record was due in part to his ability to allow for some nonsense from time to time and because we had people like Sully , who became his surrogates in the huddle . There was only one Lombardi , and there is a reason the Super Bowl trophy bears his name . There will never be another Shula . Every organization must have its own ethos and standards that are hammered into the men 's consciousness every day as the team 's complex mix changes with waivers , injuries and trades . Players often feel that they are fighting for their lives . There must be constant reminders of the focus . When the team wins , everybody benefits . Individual players with differences should be expected to take care of business in private or on the field -- like the men they claim to be .	Bill Curry : Vince Lombardi would n't tolerate racism in locker room ; culture set at the top Dolphins fired coach and trainer after bullying report ; he says it should n't have come to this He says football is violent , intense , needs leaders to set firm standards for alpha males Curry : Famed Dolphins coach Don Shula let players have fun with limits ; winning was focus
CNN  -- Bigger and better than before -- that 's the promise as the NFL International Series returns to London this weekend , and hopes are rising that Britain will one day have its own permanent franchise . Wembley Stadium will host American football 's overseas showpiece for the eighth year running and , for the first time , the home of English soccer will welcome three regular-season games , spread over the next six weeks . Building on the two games it held last year and the one it hosted initially , overseas fans will get a rare glimpse of the United States ' most popular sport . NFL commissioner Roger Goodell confirmed as early as February that the games had already sold out , meaning 270,000 spectators will witness the Oakland Raiders take on the Miami Dolphins , the Detroit Lions face the Atlanta Falcons and the Jacksonville Jaguars play the Dallas Cowboys . Why is the NFL staging games in England ? It 's all about growing the sport abroad and attracting more fans worldwide . The league has a long history of trying to extend its borders , dating back to 1952 when the Fuerstenfeldbruck Eagles defeated the Burtonwood Bullets in the "  United States Air Forces in Europe " game at the old Wembley Stadium . The NFL made major strides when launching the "  American Bowl " in 1986 -- a series of preseason exhibition games at Wembley , which soon expanded to include Tokyo , Montreal , Berlin , Barcelona , Dublin , Mexico City , Toronto , Monterrey , Vancouver , Sydney and Osaka . That kept running until 2005 , when Goodell announced the league would replace it with the NFL International Series -- the key difference being that matches would now be regular-season games rather than just exhibitions . And following on from 2005 's "  Futbol Americano " in Mexico -- the first regular-season game to be held outside the U.S. -- the maiden International Series was staged at Wembley in 2007 , with the New York Giants beating Miami Dolphins , and it has been held there every year since . It will continue to do so until at least 2016 . "  When we heard we were accepted to play this game we were all excited about it , just the opportunity to come to London and to play a game that 's growing each and every year and to be part of it is a wonderful feeling for us , " Detroit Lions linebacker Stephen Tulloch told CNN ahead of his side 's game against the Falcons on October 26 . Has the series proved to be a success ? The NFL has gone from strength to strength in the United Kingdom since 2007 , as television ratings continue to grow , while more and more youngsters are getting involved with the sport . The International Series does not just stop with the action at Wembley , though , as a whole host of activities are organized in the buildup to the matches , including the award-winning "  NFL on Regent Street . " Almost 600,000 people packed London 's famous thoroughfare last year as the street turned into a fan festival for the day . "  It 's an incredible experience , " said Dallas Cowboys cornerback Brandon Carr of his time in London ahead of the November 9 clash against the Jaguars . "  The weather is beautiful , the experience so far is incredible , it 's a great opportunity to come out here and represent my organization and the NFL . " But with the NFL bandwagon and Goodell himself arriving in London under a cloud after the Ray Rice scandal , the league will be more determined than ever for the International Series to run smoothly . How does the Wembley experience compare to U.S. NFL games ? What 's so unique about the International Series is that it allows fans access to a sport they may not often have the chance to experience live . According to the NFL , only 3 % of fans at recent games have been Americans . "  I hear the atmosphere in the stadium and the environment is similar to a Super Bowl experience , " Carr adds . "  I was at the Super Bowl as a fan in New Orleans and I know the level of electricity and excitement in the air . And I know once the teams start rolling into town , this is going be pretty exciting around here both for the players and the fans . " Who are the home teams and who are the away teams in the NFL International Series ? The Jaguars , the Raiders and the Falcons are this year 's hosts . The Jaguars were the home side last year -- losing to the San Francisco 49ers -- and will be until 2016 , having become the first team to make a multi-year commitment to playing in the series , replacing the St. Louis Rams , who backed out of a similar deal in 2012 . Teams that give up a home game in the U.S. to play in London are often sides that have struggled in attracting supporters to their own stadiums , and so are enticed by the financial incentives of hosting matches overseas . A "  home team " can make the trip abroad every year for up to five years , while an "  away team " can only make the same journey once every five years . "  Every year there 's a few games you look forward to , " said Miami Dolphins defensive end Cameron Wake ahead of Sunday 's game against the Raiders . "  Obviously this is one . " "  I knew right before I joined the Dolphins , in 2007 they came over here , so I figured we had a couple of years to wait to be picked again . So I 'm glad it 's this year and I know a lot of guys in the locker room feel the same way . " The idea of using certain regular sides as "  home teams " was one proposed by Goodell in an effort to build an overseas fan base for those sides and to ultimately raise the prospect of a permanent NFL team in the United Kingdom . So Britain so may get an NFL franchise ? One day , that could certainly be the case . NFL bosses are believed to be satisfied with the league 's current 32-team model , and would prefer an existing side to make the move to London , rather than creating a new franchise . The Jaguars are reported to be the most likely team to be relocated , given their current agreement to play multiple games in London and that owner Shahid Khan also runs London soccer team Fulham . Surely the logistics are a nightmare ? The Atlantic could prove to be a stumbling block . There does , however , seem to be a growing belief in the world of NFL that the teams can make this work . "  Obviously there 's travel  which is a problem  . You could maybe play games here , have an off-week , being able to travel to the States , maybe stay in the States for a little bit longer to play some teams in the States and then come back , " Detroit 's Tulloch proposes . "  After having three games that are sold out in London this year , it 's just a matter of time  until a UK franchise is a reality  . " "  Maybe it 's still some years down the road , but this is the way the NFL has evolved , " Dallas ' Carr adds . "  The direction the game has taken , we 're getting fans from all over and hopefully we can make the step in this direction and allow the fans to regularly just feel and see the passion that we have for this game . "	The NFL International Series is back in London this weekend For the first time , Wembley Stadium will hold three games over six weeks Oakland Raiders kick things off against Miami Dolphins Sunday Detroit Lions then face Atlanta Falcons and Jacksonville Jaguars play Dallas Cowboys
CNN  -- Another cruise ship , another fire . And for thousands of passengers , another vacation cut short . More bad news for a cruise company ? Maybe not . Less than an hour after a Memorial Day fire aboard Royal Caribbean 's Grandeur of the Seas was extinguished , company officials started tweeting out details . The fire forced the cancellation of the rest of a seven-day cruise to Port Canaveral , Florida ; CocoCay and Nassau , in the Bahamas . The ship changed course and sailed under its own power to Freeport in the Bahamas , arriving about 10 a.m. the same day . Days after the Cruise Line Industry Association announced its Passenger Bill of Rights , Royal Caribbean had the opportunity to put it to the test . Cruise line passengers get bill of rights Tweeting cruise fire news The ship had been docked just six hours when Royal Caribbean tweeted that passengers would receive full refunds of the fare paid and a certificate valued at the May 24 fare for a future sailing . The bill of rights requires only partial refunds for voyages that are terminated early because of mechanical failures . Another promise of the 10-point bill of rights is transportation to the scheduled port of disembarkation or passenger 's home city in the event of a terminated cruise . The cruise line has taken care of flights and said it was looking into transportation via boat , bus and train for passengers who did n't want to fly back to the departure point of Baltimore , the company announced via Twitter . In an age when nearly everyone has a smartphone to record incidents as they are occurring , cruise lines should be prepared for passengers to share what happens aboard ship . "  If you have any kind of problem , do n't think it 's not going to find its way into the mainstream press , " said Carolyn Spencer Brown , editor-in-chief of cruise travel site CruiseCritic.com . Royal Caribbean officials understood that new reality . Transparency wins over passengers "  Nothing says a cruise line has to break the information on Twitter , " the way Royal Caribbean is doing , Spencer Brown said . "  Those are impressive photos they 're tweeting out . Yes , they have the happy picture with passengers . But they also tweeted out  a picture of  Deck 6 that was charred and burned . I love the transparency . " Spencer Brown says the company 's strategy appears to be working . "  Passengers are already saying  publicly  that they felt comforted and confident about their safety during this trying episode , " she said . "  Doing the right thing is the best way to control what people say about you . Since you know the information is going to come out , be transparent and get ahead of the story . " Lessons were probably learned from Carnival Cruise Line 's handling of recent problems aboard the Carnival Triumph and Dream and the capsizing of the Costa Cruises Concordia .  Carnival Corp. owns Carnival Cruise Lines and Costa Cruises . Politicians and passengers criticized Carnival 's public response . And in March , U.S. Sen. Jay Rockefeller asked that the company repay the government for at least $ 4.2 million for the U.S. Coast Guard and U.S. Navy costs associated with two Carnival incidents . In April , Carnival announced that it would "  voluntarily " reimburse the U.S. Treasury but did n't name a dollar amount . The bad publicity is what led to the industry 's announcement , says maritime lawyer Robert Peltz . "  I believe the cruise line industry bill of rights is window dressing designed to distract attention from the Carnival Triumph , Carnival Splendor and the Costa Concordia incidents , " Peltz said . Missing from the bill of rights ? Royal Caribbean tends to respond to its passengers ' concerns , says Peltz , but he would like to see stronger industry-wide provisions protecting passengers in the event of injury or death aboard ship or on third-party or cruise company shore excursions . The current bill of rights does n't mention those issues . The cruise association 's new passenger bill of rights , announced May 22 , applies to 26 North American member cruise lines and applies to cruises purchased in North America on those lines , regardless of itinerary . The association plans to request global recognition of the new policy from the International Maritime Organization . CNN.com commenter Graeme McIntosh , who says he has sailed on 15 cruises throughout the Caribbean , Alaska , South America and the East Coast and has never experienced an incident , agreed that the bill of rights is "  a damage control measure drafted by the industry . " McIntosh , a fire and safety consultant in Toronto , would like to see crew and passengers required to take muster drills more seriously  no drinking or partying for passengers  and require surprise drills that take into account how passengers would respond to locked doors and blocked stairwells . He applauded passengers using smartphones to capture events as they happen . "  They can assist investigators with establishing a time line of events and show the actions of occupants and crew during a real situation . " Cruising enthusiast and CNN.commenter Aubrey Pruis is n't cynical about the industry 's move to adopt a bill of rights . "  Yes , the cruise lines are hard at work protecting/salvaging their public image in the face of tragedy , but on the same note , cruise lines do seem to take tragic matters seriously as demonstrated in how they take immediate action to remedy any given situation . " "  I do think this will have a positive impact on the cruise industry and the public will continue to take cruises , " he wrote via e-mail . "  I know I will . "	Royal Caribbean tweeted news about ship fire early and often Cruise line went beyond newly enacted industry passenger bill of rights Critics say cruise lines need to do more to ensure passenger safety
CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao staked his claim to be the best pound-for-pound boxer on the planet after his brutal demolition of Antonio Margarito in their WBC light-middleweight title bout in Dallas , Texas late Saturday . Nicknamed Pacman , Pacquiao -- the only boxer in history to have won a world title at seven different weight divisions -- claimed his eighth belt in a new class after a unanimous decision over Margarito . Pacquiao dominated from the outset , with his superior hand speed and power constantly troubling the Mexican fighter who had boasted a significant height and reach advantage . But the champion 's ruthless barrage of punches inevitably began to take their toll on Margarito 's face as a nasty cut opened up below his right eye . At one point in the 11th round Pacquiao appeared to look towards referee Laurence Cole as if he was trying to get him to call a halt to the fight . Despite his domination Pacquiao could not land the knock-out blow against what was thought to be his biggest opponent yet , even taking a few powerful blows himself in the middle rounds . "  He is really strong , " Pacquiao commented after the fight , in quotes carried by Agence France-Press . "  I never expected him to be as strong as he was . " But he admitted that the injuries sustained by Margarito , who had completed a suspension after being caught with plaster-filled hand wraps in his gloves prior to a fight against Shane Mosley , caused him some concern . "  I feel for my opponent , " Pacquiao said , in quotes carried by AFP . "  His eyes  were swollen and cut  and bloody face . I wanted the ref to look at that . " The build up to the fight had been overshadowed by rumors that the Filipino could soon retire . Last month Pacquiao 's long-time coach Freddie Roach said the Filipino was more preoccupied with his new role as a lawmaker and could not concentrate on his preparations for the November 13 bout . The pair eventually agreed to move their training camp to the U.S. to focus on the fight . Pacquiao had been lined up for an eagerly-awaited clash with American Floyd Mayweather Jr. earlier this year , but negotiations broke down amid a welter of recriminations and legal threats . A clash with Mayweather would likely be the richest in boxing history , but appears no closer to fruition .	Pacquiao the only boxer in history to have won a world title at seven different weights Took WBC light-middleweight title after win over Mexico 's Antonio Margarito Eagerly-awaited clash with American Floyd Mayweather Jr. no nearer
CNN  -- The candidate who will face Afghan President Hamid Karzai in a runoff election next month has said he will not join Karzai 's government if the incumbent wins another term , but instead will remain in opposition . Abdullah Abdullah , who served as foreign minister in Karzai 's government until quitting nearly four years ago , said he would congratulate Karzai if he "  is elected through a transparent and credible process . " "  My trust in becoming a candidate was not to be part of the same government , part of the same deteriorating situation , " told CNN 's John King in an interview taped for broadcast on Sunday 's "  State of the Union . " "  Mine was for a change in this country . Mine was for bringing hopes for the people of this country , and making the people of Afghanistan true participants in their politics , in the governance , in the developmental process , in the security situation and as a whole . " Abdullah and others charged massive fraud in the August 20 vote . The initial results gave Karzai the win , but a subsequent review by a U.N.-backed panel of election monitors threw out nearly one-third of Karzai 's votes because of "  clear and convincing evidence of fraud . " The result left Karzai short of the 50 percent need to avoid a runoff . After a flurry of meetings with U.S. and U.N. officials , the Afghan president agreed to the November 7 vote . In a separate CNN interview to be broadcast Sunday on "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " Karzai insisted that while there were "  mistakes " and "  some incidents of fraud " in the election , "  the election as a whole was clean . " Abdullah rejected that notion . "  To call this as clean elections , I think this , with all due respect to Mr. Karzai , it 's a bit of ignorance , " he told King , adding that "  unfortunately , the government was involved . " "  Yes , it was a step forward that the people of Afghanistan participated in the elections , " he said . "  One chapter is behind us , " he said . "  It led to the runoff . And we need to get it corrected in order to open the door for the new chapter . So denying it is not a solution . Rather admitting it and correcting it , that will be responsible leadership . " Karzai said the second round of voting must take place or else "  we would be insulting democracy . " But he also said he had decided after agreeing to the runoff that "  all that was said  about fraud in the election  was mostly wrong . " "  There were some mistakes . There were some instances of fraud , but the nation as a whole was clean and the result was clear . I decided for peace , for stability and for the future of democracy in Afghanistan and for the future of institutional order in Afghanistan to call for a runoff , " he said . The Taliban called for a boycott Saturday of Afghanistan 's upcoming presidential run-off election and repeated threats to disrupt the vote . "  The Islamic Emirate is once again warning all the compatriots to not participate in that American fraud process , and like the first round , they have to listen to their consciences , " said a Taliban statement . It said the Taliban is ready to "  collapse " the electoral process and any participant who gets hurt will only have themselves to blame . Meanwhile , in Washington , U.S. President Barack Obama 's special representative to Pakistan and Afghanistan , Richard Holbrooke , said that the election process had worked as it was supposed to . "  From the beginning ... I said publicly that this election would be imperfect , " Holbrooke said . "  I said it on the record . And there were many irregularities . But in the end , the process worked , and I want to stress that . The Election Complaints Commission declared that neither candidate got 50 percent , although one came very close , and that the top two candidates were President Karzai and Dr. Abdullah and they should have a runoff . " Holbrooke added that it was "  reasonable to hope " for fewer irregularities in a runoff . CNN 's Chris Lawrence and Thomas Evans contributed to this report .	Runoff against Hamid Karzai will take place November 7 Abdullah and others claimed massive fraud in August 20 vote Abdullah once served as foreign minister in Karzai 's government
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Twin car bombs exploded near three Iraqi government buildings Sunday in central Baghdad , killing at least 132 people . It was the deadliest attack in the country in more than two years . More than 500 people were wounded . The blasts had ripple effects throughout the country , triggering questions about the state of Iraqi security and about national elections planned for January . No one immediately claimed responsibility . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki vowed to punish "  the enemies of the Iraqi people who want to spread chaos in the country and derail the political process and prevent the parliamentary elections from taking place as planned . " Surveying the carnage shortly after the explosions , al-Maliki said holding the elections as scheduled would send the strongest response and message to the "  enemies of the political process who are supported from the outside . " "  The cowardly attack that took place today should not affect the determination of the Iraqi people from continuing their battle against the deposed regime and the gangs of criminal Baath party and the terrorist al Qaeda organization , who have committed the most heinous crimes against the civilians , ' " al-Maliki said in a statement . Iraqi and U.S. officials had warned of a possible increase in violence ahead of the balloting . President Obama condemned the "  outrageous attacks against the Iraqi people . " In a statement , Obama called the bombings an attempt to "  derail Iraq 's progress " and pledged that the United States would be a "  close friend and partner " as Iraq prepares for elections . According to the statement , Obama spoke Sunday with al-Maliki and Iraqi President Jalal Talabani to express his condolences and reiterate U.S. support . The area struck Sunday is close to the heavily guarded Green Zone that also houses the U.S. Embassy . Gen. Ray Odierno , the top U.S. military commander in Iraq , and Christopher Hill , U.S. ambassador to Iraq , condemned the bombings , which came a day after the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Susan Rice , visited the country for the first time . "  We will assist the Iraqi government in any way we can to ensure that those individuals or groups responsible for such horrific acts be pursued and brought to justice , " they said in a joint statement . The European Union condemned "  this terrorist attack " and sent its condolences to the families of the victims , the Swedish presidency said in a statement . The bombs detonated in quick succession about 10:30 a.m. , as the Iraqi work week began , an Interior Ministry official said . Among more than 500 people wounded were three American security contractors , the U.S. Embassy told CNN . The embassy would not give any more details . One of the bombs exploded outside Baghdad 's governorate building . The other was outside the Justice Ministry , about 500 meters  1,600 feet  away . The nearby Ministry of Municipalities and Public Works also sustained severe damage . Plumes of smoke billowed from the sites of the attacks as victims fled , some with blood streaming down their faces . The streets were strewn with debris , including charred cars and chunks of concrete from damaged buildings . Some government buildings and others in the area were heavily damaged . It was the deadliest attack on Iraqi civilians since August 2007 , when three truck bombings targeted Iraqi Kurds , killing hundreds in Qahtaniya , in northern Iraq . In August , more than 100 people were killed in a series of bombings in Baghdad in what Iraqis have dubbed "  Bloody Wednesday . " Those attacks shook confidence in the abilities of Iraqi security forces who took over securing urban areas from U.S. troops over the summer . Security was tightened around Baghdad in the wake of the August bombings . Blast walls were erected around the city and more checkpoints were set up . Susan Rice , the ambassador , completed her two-day visit to Iraq on Saturday that included a condolence stop at the Foreign Ministry , one of the sites attacked in August . Iraqi journalists grilled officials on TV on Sunday , demanding to know how the most recent attacks could have taken place given the new security measures . An Iraqi official said the government was working to bolster security , but regional cooperation was needed to help fight suicide bombers . "  We are calling on international and U.N. envoys to come and find out why Iraq is being targeted this way , " said Ali al-Dabbagh , the Iraqi government spokesman . He said Iraq 's setbacks are mainly caused by a fledgling intelligence that has "  not been completed . " The Iraqi government has blamed Syria for harboring former Baath party members who it said planned the August attacks , and asked for their handover . Relations between the two neighbors were strained after the bombings . Each withdrew its ambassador from the other 's country . Sunday 's bombings came on the day Iraqi officials were due to try to break a logjam holding up a new election law . Iraqis are supposed to go to the polls January 16 , but Parliament still has not passed the legislation , putting the balloting in limbo . The original deadline for parliament to pass the law was October 15 , because Iraq 's electoral commission says it needs 90 days to organize the process . Iraq 's parliament failed Wednesday to reach agreement on a new electoral law , so the issue was supposed go to the Political Council for National Security on Sunday . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Mohammed Jamjoom , and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Obama condemns bombings , pledges U.S. support for Iraq election Death toll rises to 132 in suicide bombings , officials say Two bombs explode outside government buildings in Baghdad In August , at least 100 killed , dozens hurt in another twin bombing
CNN  -- Retired army Gen. Otto Perez Molina won Sunday 's runoff presidential election in Guatemala , seizing on voters ' concerns about growing insecurity in the Central American nation . Perez Molina led with more than 53 % of the vote , Guatemala 's election authority said . His opponent , businessman Manuel Baldizon , garnered 46 % of the vote . "  I want to tell you that we are happy , that we are very excited by this decision , but at the same time we have a big responsibility not to fail the Guatemalans in the next four years , " Perez Molina told a crowd of cheering supporters . Perez Molina said unity across party lines would be a key step in solving the country 's security problems . "  Let 's put these elections behind us ... and come together in the the things we have in common , to pull Guatemala out of this crisis that we are living , " he said . In Guatemala City Monday , Perez Molina 's supporters celebrated the news . "  I am very happy because we are going to have a change in our country , " Jazmin Dominguez said . Perez Molina , a retired army general who pledged to take a tough stand on crime , was the front-runner heading into the election . He won the most votes in the first round of voting in September . Low voter turnout was reported in Sunday 's election , according to the state-run AGN news agency . Concerns about violence in Guatemala , which has worsened as Mexican drug cartels have stepped up operations in parts of the country , dominated the vote . In a Vox Latina national survey in July , more than two-thirds of Guatemalans said violence was what concerned them most , far outpacing the combined totals for the economy , unemployment , poverty and lack of education . "  Let 's hope that it 's not like it 's been with the government in the past , that they are n't just lies . The truth is that it 's important that we return our country to the right path . We need security , education , health . We really hope the new president does all this , " Guatemala City resident Juan Diego said Monday . Campaign posters for Perez Molina , who led in polls before Sunday 's election , featured a clenched fist . The 60-year-old retired general pledged to bring a "  mano dura " -- firm hand -- to Guatemala 's highest office . In a debate co-hosted by CNN en EspaÃ ± ol this year , Perez Molina called for "  elite units of the army " to play a larger role in the nation 's battle against gangs and drug cartels . But that proposed approach -- and Perez Molina 's high rank in the military during Guatemala 's decades-long civil war -- worries human rights groups both in Guatemala and abroad . Concerns stem from the fact that the Guatemalan military committed multiple atrocities during the civil war , though Perez Molina has never been directly implicated in any of them . The former general campaigned for president a second time this year . He was defeated in 2007 by incumbent President Alvaro Colom . First-time candidate Baldizon , 41 , who ran under the banner of the Leader Party , energized young voters . He promised to continue social and economic programs that he warned would be at risk , if Perez Molina won . Like the former general , Baldizon championed a crime-fighting plan . Poverty is endemic in Guatemala , and the country has one of the worst crime rates in Latin America . Forty-three percent of children under 5 are chronically malnourished . And the murder rate last year was 42 per 100,000 people -- one of the highest in the world . While supporters praised his tough stance on crime , others said they feared the president-elect 's platform did not adequately address poverty . "  I think that he is going to make a government of the rich . I do not think that they are thinking about the poor and they are going to leave us forgotten again , " Guatemala City resident Nelson Guzman said . This is only the fourth time that Guatemala has held presidential elections since peace accords were signed in 1996 , officially ending a civil war that devastated the country for 36 years . The conflict left more than 100,000 people dead and a million refugees . Perez Molina will take office in January .	President-elect : "  We have a big responsibility not to fail the Guatemalans " Guatemala City resident : "  I am very happy because we are going to have a change " Retired Gen. Perez Molina garners more than 53 % of the vote Security issues loomed large during the campaign
Boston  CNN  -- To see Mery Daniel today is to see how far she has come . Walking on her new prosthetic leg without crutches is a huge accomplishment , but to see Daniel ride 26 miles on a hand cycle underscores the tremendous progress she 's made in the five months since the Boston Marathon bombings . "  This is the biggest challenge I 've faced since the bombing , " the 31-year-old Haitian immigrant said , referring to her participation in a recent ride from Waltham , Massachusetts , to Gillette Stadium in Foxboro . She beamed as her 5-year old daughter , Ciarra , and husband , Richardson , ran to offer hugs and congratulations . "  It 's great , " Richardson says proudly . "  It 's very encouraging to see -- despite what she 's been through . " April 15 was the day that profoundly changed Mery 's life and that of so many others . Three people were killed and more than 250 were injured when a pair of bombs exploded just seconds apart near the finish line of the Boston Marathon . Suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed four days later in a standoff with police . His younger brother , Dzhokhar , faces charges that could bring a life sentence or the death penalty if he is convicted . He has pleaded not guilty . More than 14 people lost limbs in the bombing . Mery lost her left leg ; amputated above the knee . Her right leg was spared , but it was severely mangled and she lost a significant portion of her calf . The team at Boston 's Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital oversees the therapy for many of the new amputees . Mery 's Journey part one : Woman gets new leg -- and a new life Tim Sullivan , director of communications , remembers when Mery first arrived . "  It 's amazing to see her first in the hospital bed only a few days after the marathon to now seeing her and others do this -LSB- ride -RSB- . It 's incredible . " Sullivan arranged for Mery and two other bombing victims to participate in a recent challenge for Ride 2 Recovery , a non-profit organization that provides physical and mental rehabilitation to injured veterans through the sport of cycling . For Mery , the ride was a way to show solidarity . "  I think we share a common link in life right now because a lot of them -LSB- veterans -RSB- have injuries that are similar to mine . " Sullivan , who rode to the 26-mile mark with Mery , says it was a testament "  to the caregivers who helped save their lives and the therapists who brought them along and to most of all them to have the strength to do this . " Learning to walk ... again Mery laughs when you try to call her strong . "  If it comes out as being strong then that 's what it is but I do n't plan to be strong . " At her apartment in Boston , she talks about relearning to walk and admits it was a daunting challenge and a lot of hard work . Mery spent an intensive week of therapy at Spaulding and says there were mornings she did n't even want to get out of bed . "  It was extremely difficult . The whole putting the leg on , I did n't feel like I could do it and you have to wait close to 15 minutes before it adjusts properly . It can be painful , " she says , as the lower limb sinks into the prosthesis . "  You have to overcome the pressure barrier , "  but she quickly adds , "  I 'm alive and that 's the important thing . " Mery worked hard ; strengthening her core muscles and weaning herself off crutches . Her gait is slow and deliberate , but she is walking on her own now and getting stronger every day . The difficult , but rewarding , work has inspired Mery and she says , "  I 'm even thinking about rehabilitation medicine . I 'm a patient , too , and I think I can share a lot with patients . We have that in common . " Mery came to the United States with the dream of being a doctor ; she attended medical school abroad and had returned to Boston not long before the bombings . Boston bombing survivor meets woman she says saved her life Her plans were interrupted , but Mery says she 's still determined to study and pass the exams so she can practice medicine here . A proud Richardson says he is very optimistic about her future . "  I have no doubt she will be great and reach her goals , it will take time , but I know she will do it . " For now , Mery continues her therapy twice a week and has even renewed an old goal -- to run a marathon . But not just any . Mery wants to run the Boston Marathon . She says it 's all about showing her daughter that you can overcome even the biggest obstacles . "  I want to teach Ciarra that , no matter what happens , not to lose enthusiasm and , no matter what happens , to keep going strong . " Help in recovery Mery is finding her way past the horror and tragedy . She says her family keeps her looking forward . This month , the family got bigger when her two brothers and sister , ages 20 , 18 and 14 arrived in Boston from Haiti to live with her . "  I was so excited to see them , " she exclaimed . "  It 's really good to have family around ; especially now . It 's a form of support . " The Boston apartment now teeming , Mery spends much of her time hunting for a home that is big enough for everyone . She 's also looking into schools for her siblings , making sure they have their vaccinations . "  They 're here and I 'm responsible for them and they look to me . So that pushes me to do what needs to be done and that is helping me , too , in a way . " Do n't call her a victim Since the bombings , Mery says her insurance has n't put up a fight about paying her medical bills . Her new leg alone costs $ 50,000 . But there is worry down the road when adjustments and a new prosthetic become necessary . Dr. David Crandell , director of Spaulding 's amputee program , says , "  they -LSB- insurance companies -RSB- will cover a basic cost but they may not cover the full or higher end prosthesis so the patient has to be a good advocate . " One Fund Boston has distributed more than $ 60 million to some 237 victims even as donations continue to come in . Merydaniel.com , a website Mery 's friend set up , has raised some $ 46,200 -- but has hit a plateau , she says . The monies are set aside in a trust for Mery that will be used for future medical expenses and her overall well-being . "  I 'm thankful for those who have donated but people move on . Even us survivors , we do n't stay in the moment , either . We move on , " she says . "  But I do think it 's important for people to be reminded of what happened that day . " Asked about her reflections on the last five months , Mery will tell you she is stronger and that she is no victim . She is a survivor . "  You have to go through certain things in life , certain hurdles to really get to your element -- to find out who you are ... I do n't want to say I 'm glad it happened , but if I could use that to better myself then that 's a good thing . Now it 's part of me , and so I move on and I 'm learning how to live my life . And that to me is -- it 's like I 'm winning . " Jeff Bauman , Boston Marathon bombing survivor , gets book deal If you 'd like to donate to the victims of the Boston Bombing , the One Fund Boston site is still accepting donations . To donate directly to Mery Daniel , please visit www.merydaniel.com	The Boston Marathon bombings changed the lives of hundreds of people Mery Daniel lost her left leg , but not her spirit She 's learning to adjust to a prosthetic leg and a new life
CNN  -- One is the loneliest number . Two can be as bad as one . And three , well ... um ... what was three again ? Three is hard . I 'll start by quoting the silence heard around the political world during Wednesday night 's CNBC Republican presidential debate . Here were Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's words in the middle of one of his answers : "  I will tell you : It 's three agencies of government , when I get there , that are gone : Commerce , Education and the -- what 's the third one there ? Let 's see . ... OK . So Commerce , Education and the -- ... The third agency of government I would -- I would do away with the Education , the ... Commerce and -- let 's see -- I ca n't . The third one , I ca n't . Sorry . Oops . " Oops ? Oops ? Did he just say oops on camera ? Watch Perry try to name the three agencies That was his comeback . Perry completed this painful journey not by telling the audience that remembering the third point was n't as important as remembering his overall message . He did n't tell the audience that forgetting his third point in a debate was not as bad as forgetting how to run the country or fix the economy . He simply said , "  Oops . " And then the microphone went to one of his seven Republican rivals . Oops indeed . This was seriously terrible . You might say that blunders happen in debates . After all , Perry is not the first , nor will he be the last , to have a mental lapse in a debate . Remember Jan Brewer 's Arizona gubernatorial debate last year ? When she appeared to have lost her train of thought in her opening statement and for about 15 seconds could only smile and laugh nervously as cameras rolled ? That was one of the worst moments ever in a debate , and she still won the election . So the question is : How much damage will Perry 's gaffe do ? It will do major damage . Here 's why . First , I 've been evaluating debates for 20 years , and can tell you -- if you doubted it for a second -- that Perry 's mental block was very , very bad . One reason is that the question he was asked at the time was n't even about cutting agencies . It was about how he could work with Democrats across the aisle . But Perry wanted to add some flair , so he looked at Ron Paul in order to brag about how he would cut three different agencies  although still not as many as Paul 's five  and then gave himself the self-induced wound . What then made it worse was that Perry was asked twice if he could remember the third agency and he continued to draw a blank . Whatever credibility he had disappeared like his memory . It was a perfect example of a gotcha question , which everyone from Newt Gingrich to Sarah Palin complains about -- except that nobody even asked it . Perry did the gotcha on himself . The more damning reason his mistake will hurt in the long run is because it gives the audience a consistent  and unfavorable  impression of Perry . One of the things I tell my communications classes is that people cling to first impressions . It 's why first impressions are so difficult to overcome , especially if they are negative . Unfortunately , if you have been watching these Republican presidential debates , your first impression , along with that of many other viewers , is that Rick Perry does not have the best grasp of the issues and he has a difficult time answering questions . Fair or not , this may turn people away from voting for him . Lately the entire focus of Perry 's team has been trying to change the public 's first impression of their candidate . They believed these upcoming debates would help . After all , Perry could n't get any worse , right ? Oops . It turns out he could . And since many in the public have an unfavorable first impression , Perry 's performance fed right into that . Because of his poor first impression , Perry was the candidate who could least afford a slip-up of this magnitude . Instead of overcoming that negative first impression , he did the opposite . He cemented it . As in cement shoes . And Perry is anchored to them as he is falling into a deep Texas waterhole . Up to now , Perry 's cumulative debating performance has been pretty weak . I cringe every time I watch Perry give any answer , since my expectations are that he might forget what he is talking about or begin an undisciplined , meandering ramble and end up mumbling some nonsense under his breath . While he may never give another poor answer in a debate , I still expect it . And therein lies the problem . It has now become a lasting impression . Some blunders can not be overcome . While Jan Brewer won her election , she was debating against a Democrat when her poor debating performance occurred . Republicans had no other choice but to vote for her or the Democrat . That 's not the case with Perry . There are other Republicans that voters will now begin to gravitate toward . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Todd Graham .	Todd Graham : Rick Perry forgot what he was going to say in the middle of a debate answer He says as debate gaffes go , this one was a whopper that will be hard for voters to forget He says for many , it confirmed low expectations about Perry 's grasp of issues Graham : Since voters have other GOP choices besides Perry , this mistake may be fatal
CNN  -- The last of more than 12,000 California prison inmates who were on a hunger strike ended their protest Thursday morning , the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation said . Inmates in several prisons were demanding an end to long-term solitary confinement and a halt to what is known as the "  debriefing " policy , in which inmates are required to provide information on prison gangs to get out of solitary . The Corrections Department issued a statement saying all the hunger strikers were taking state-issued meals and that the department will "  continue to implement the substantive reforms in California 's Security Housing Units that we initiated two years ago . " Prisoners on solitary confinement are held in the security housing units . In July , the department said more than 300 inmates had either been transferred from those units back to the general population or were taking part in a program to gradually return them there . California governor seeks $ 315 million for prison fix The hunger strikers had other demands , including warmer clothing , better mattresses and better food . The statement from officials did not say if there were any changes in those areas . As of Wednesday , there were 100 inmates on hunger strike . Forty of those had been on strike since the start of the protest , on July 8 , Corrections Department spokeswoman Dana Simas said . The other 60 had joined at various times . The strike 's leaders were in the maximum-security prison at Pelican Bay , near the Oregon state line , but inmates in other lockups were encouraged to add their own demands . The department said it was pleased that the strike was called off before any inmates became seriously ill .	Some California inmates had been on hunger strike since July All inmates are taking meals again , the Corrections Department says Reforms to solitary confinement procedures will continue , it says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A U.S. government panel listed 13 countries Friday as "  egregious " violators of religious freedom . Homeless Pakistani Christians protest last month in Islamabad for protection of Christian minorities . The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom 's annual report named Myanmar , North Korea , Eritrea , Iran , Iraq , Nigeria , Pakistan , China , Saudi Arabia , Sudan , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan , and Vietnam . It recommended that the Obama administration designate them as "  countries of particular concern " or CPC . The group has issued a watch list that includes Afghanistan , Belarus , Cuba , Egypt , Indonesia , Laos , Russia , Somalia , Tajikistan , Turkey , and Venezuela , countries that do n't rise to the level of a CPC but need to be monitored . "  Unfolding events in Pakistan make clear the relevance of this theme to the 2009 Annual Report . At the time of writing , emboldened Taliban-associated extremists had advanced to within 60 miles of the Pakistani capital of Islamabad , " the report said . "  In the areas they already control , these groups are imposing draconian restrictions on human rights and religious freedom and engaging in brutal acts against individuals , particularly women and local police , who refused to accede to their repressive policies . " The federal commission is bipartisan , and its commissioners are appointed by the president and members of Congress . A CPC designation gives Secretary of State Hillary Clinton "  a range of specific policy options to address serious violations of religious freedom . " It requires the secretary "  to enter into direct consultations with a government to find ways to bring about improvements in the respect for religious freedom . " The report covers the period May 2008 through April . The commission was created by the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 . "  While sanctions are a possible policy option , the secretary may decide to develop a binding agreement with the CPC government on specific actions that it will take to end the violations that gave rise to the designation or take a commensurate action , " the commission said . "  The secretary may determine that pre-existing sanctions are adequate or waive the requirement of taking action in furtherance of the Act . "	U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom names 13 nations Panel recommends administration designate 13 as "  countries of particular concern " Designation gives secretary of state policy options to address serious violations
CNN  -- At least 33 people were killed and 26 others hurt on Friday night when a suicide bomber with an explosive vest blew himself up inside an coffee shop where patrons were playing a popular Ramadan game in Kirkuk , Iraq , police said . The explosion occurred in a cafe called Classic , which is in the Wahed Hozyran neighborhood in central Kirkuk about 240 kilometers , or 149 miles , north of Baghdad , according to authorities in Kirkuk and Baghdad . Patrons were playing a game common among Iraqis during Ramadan in which participants must guess whose fist is hiding a small ring . The game , Mahaibes , is played in the evenings when Muslims take a break from their monthlong daylight fasting . The bombing occurred about 10 p.m. Friday local time . The ethnically mixed city of Kirkuk is one of disputed areas claimed by the Iraqi central government and the regional government of ethnic Kurds . Sunni extremists , including al Qaeda groups , have carried out similar attacks during prior Ramadans , but no group claimed the responsibility for the bombing in its immediate aftermath . Thursday : Bombings , shootings leave 24 dead across Iraq	A suicide bomber detonates his explosive vest inside a popular cafe Patrons were playing Mahaibes , a popular game in the evening during Ramadan No group claimed immediate responsibility for the attack
CNN  -- A Florida death-row inmate convicted of abducting and murdering 9-year-old Jessica Lunsford in 2005 has died , prison officials said Wednesday . John Couey had been sentenced to death for killing 9-year-old Jessica Lunsford in Florida in 2005 . John Evander Couey , 51 , died at 11:15 a.m. ET of natural causes , a Florida Department of Corrections spokeswoman told CNN . He had been taken to a Jacksonville , Florida , hospital from Florida State Prison in Starke , Florida . Because of privacy laws , no further information could be released by the Department of Corrections . A source close to the case told CNN that Couey 's death was not unexpected and he had been ill for some time . "  I never dreamed it would happen like this , " Jessica 's father , Mark Lunsford , told CNN . He said he never thought he would live long enough to see Couey put to death because of the lengthy appeals process . He said he was sad when he heard the news of Couey 's death . "  To me , death is sad , " he said . "  But her death , Jessie 's death , has been redeemed ... I 'm relieved . I 'm glad it 's over with . " Couey was sentenced to die in August 2007 for abducting and raping Lunsford , then killing her by burying her alive . The girl was snatched from her bed in her family 's Homosassa , Florida , home the evening of February 23 , 2005 , by Couey , a registered sex offender . Her body was found three weeks later , buried at the home of Couey 's half-sister , who lived within sight of the Lunsford home . The girl 's body was wrapped in plastic garbage bags , and her hands were bound with speaker wire . She was clutching a stuffed dolphin -- a toy won for her at a state fair by her father , and which Couey allowed her to bring with her when she was abducted . "  I am not shedding any tears , " the girl 's grandmother , Ruth Lunsford , said on Wednesday . "  I do n't feel sorry for him . I think God said , ` John Couey , it 's time to go . ' " "  I do n't feel sorry for him that he had to suffer , " she said . "  He did n't have any mercy on my granddaughter when he murdered her . I 'm glad we did n't have to wait years and years for his appeals and execution , and the taxpayers no longer have to pay for him . I 'm glad that God took a hand in it . " Citrus County Sheriff Jeff Dawsy , who led the investigation into the girl 's death , told reporters he wished Couey could have faced the death sentence handed down by the jury . "  I know he did n't suffer the way Jessie did when he killed her , " Dawsy said . "  I 'm sorry I wo n't get to look him in the eyes as he died , but I 'm relieved to know he 'll never hurt another child again . " Authorities believe Lunsford was kept for several days before she was killed . Her blood was found on a mattress in the home where Couey was living , her fingerprints also were discovered at the location . During the search for the girl , as authorities and hundreds of volunteers combed Citrus County , north of Tampa , police twice visited that home . "  Couey 's timeline after he kidnapped Jessica Lunsford leaves open the possibility that she was alive , and in the house , at the time of the first and possibly the second interview , " according to a prosecution memo in the case . In sentencing Couey , Judge Ric Howard noted Couey became fearful of police dogs being used in the area in the search for the girl . He told Lunsford he was planning to take her home , but did not want her to be seen , and so persuaded her to get into a trash bag . He then knotted another trash bag over her head , placed her in a hole and shoveled dirt on top of her . Jurors convicted Couey of first-degree murder , kidnapping and sexual battery on a child under 12 in March 2007 . Howard , at Couey 's sentencing , brought many in the courtroom to tears as he discussed how the girl died slowly as her oxygen ran out . A medical examiner testified she could have been alive as much as five minutes , or even longer , before she lost consciousness , Howard said . "  He caused a slow , suffering , conscious death , " Howard said of Couey . "  Her only source of comfort during this horrific experience was her purple dolphin . " Another horrific detail the judge noted : The girl was able to poke several fingers through the innermost trash bag covering her before she died . The judge also noted that Couey made "  crude , vulgar and repulsive " comments to police after his arrest regarding his sexual assault of the girl , and the judge quoted Couey as saying the media was blowing the case out of proportion -- "  This kind of thing happens every day . " Lunsford 's slaying sparked national outrage and led to stricter Florida laws regarding registration and supervision of released sexual predators , following a push led largely by her father , Mark Lunsford . Although Lunsford 's death was one of several that contributed to the passage of a federal child-protection law dealing with sex offender registration and other matters related to child sex offenses , Mark Lunsford said at the time of Couey 's sentencing the law does not go far enough . On Wednesday , Mark Lunsford told CNN he is a Christian and he believes he will see his daughter again . In a jailhouse phone call before his sentencing , Couey told a woman described as his aunt he expected the death penalty . "  I kick myself in the butt a hundred times a day , " he said . "  Stupidity ... Just trying to figure out , I 'm just asking myself , ` Why was you so stupid ? ' " "  Well , none of us are perfect , " the woman said , "  and the drugs did n't help any . " "  No , that was a big problem , " Couey said . "  Drugs , alcohol . " Speaking after Couey 's sentencing , Mark Lunsford referenced Couey 's earlier comments in which he said that when he got to heaven , he would apologize to his victim . "  I have bad news , " Mark Lunsford said . "  I do n't think you 're going to make it there . " He called on Couey to drop his appeals . "  You want to do something for her , give your life for the one you took . " CNN 's Rich Phillips and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Officials : Couey , convicted of murdering Jessica Lunsford , died of natural causes Couey was sentenced to die for the 2005 murder of Lunsford , 9 Authorities : Couey abducted girl , raped her , then buried her alive Victim 's grandmother : "  I 'm glad we did n't have to wait years " for execution
CNN  -- Several prominent civil rights groups filed a class action lawsuit Friday challenging Alabama 's new anti-illegal immigration law , the latest such legal effort aimed at similar bills passed in various states . The suit claims the recently passed HB 56 "  endangers public safety , invites the racial profiling of Latinos , Asians and others who appear foreign to an officer , and interferes with federal law , " according to a press release Friday sent by the Southern Poverty Law Center . That group allied with several other groups , including the American Civil Liberties Union , National Immigration Law Center , Asian Law Caucus and Hispanic Interest Coalition of Alabama . Their lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for Northern Alabama . Mary Bauer , the Southern Poverty Law Center 's legal director , told CNN that she believed the law is "  radical " -- even more so than similar bills enacted in Arizona and Georgia , for instance -- and sent a clear , unwelcoming message to immigrants . "  We hope the law never goes into effect , " said Bauer . The Alabama legislation , known as HB 56 , was passed and signed by Gov. Robert Bentley last month and is set to take effect on September 1 . Bentley 's spokeswoman , Rebekah Mason , issued a statement Friday standing behind the bill . "  Gov. Bentley campaigned on the need for a strong immigration bill , " said Mason . "  The legislature passed that bill , and the governor signed it . " Suzanne Webb , a spokeswoman for Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange , said by e-mail Friday afternoon that her office had yet to get a copy of the complaint , and thus had no comment on the specifics . Regardless , she said the attorney general planned to defend the controversial measure . "  Under state law , acts of our legislature are presumed to be constitutional , and it is the duty of this office to defend them , and we will do so , " said Webb . While immigration had long been a federal responsibility , other anti-illegal immigration measures have been passed in recent months in Arizona , Utah , Georgia , Indiana and South Carolina . Parts of those laws have been suspended in four of those states , pending resolutions to the lawsuits . Last month , a federal judge struck down a key part of the Georgia law in deciding police can not inquire about immigration status when questioning suspects in certain criminal investigations . Alabama 's law has a similar provision . According to a fact sheet presented by Alabama House Republicans , the bill requires law enforcement officers "  to attempt to determine the immigration status of a person who they suspect is an unauthorized alien of this country . " The legislation also makes it a criminal offense to transport or house to an illegal immigrant . The state will have to check the citizenship of students , and any business that knowingly employs an illegal immigrant will be penalized . Republican state Rep. John Merrill told CNN in June that the legislation is "  good for Alabama " because it will reduce illegal immigration to the state and "  provide equal opportunities for all people who want to come to Alabama legally . " He rejected suggestions the law is discriminatory , saying he is confident it was drafted in such a way that it will survive legal challenges . But several civil rights advocates called the Alabama bill unconstitutional and unfair , vowing in the SPLC 's press release to fight it in court on a number of grounds . Sin Yen Ling , an attorney with the Asian Law Caucus , called it the "  harshest version " of the laws that have followed Arizona 's pioneering measure . Among other aspects , the measure will "  turn teachers , landlords and community members into de facto immigration enforcement agents , " claimed Linton Joaquin of the National Immigration Law Center . Olivia Turner , the executive director of the ACLU in Alabama , said the bill marks a big step backward for the state , which had been central in the civil rights movement . "  In the nearly 50 years since the historical and worldwide movement for civil and human rights began in our state , real progress has been made , " said Turner . "  But this law threatens to pull us back to a dark and shameful past -- and one in which all Alabamians were held back . " CNN 's Gustavo Valdes contributed to this report .	NEW : A spokeswoman for Alabama 's governor stands behind the legislation The Southern Poverty Law Center , ACLU and other join in filing a lawsuit in federal court The lawsuit claims that an anti-illegal immigrant law passed in Alabama is unconstitutional An SPLC official calls the bill even more "  radical " than similar ones in Arizona and Georgia
CNN  Joni Ernst has spent less than a week in Washington , but she 's making it clear that she does n't intend to forget her roots : in this case , hogs and Harleys . Ernst 's political action committee , the Jobs , Opportunity and New Ideas or JONI PAC , has sent out a save-the-date for what is certain to become one of the premiere political events in Iowa this summer : "  Joni 's 1st Annual Roast and Ride . " Given Ernst 's popularity , it 's hard to imagine any of the prospective GOP presidential candidates turning down an invitation to speak . The June event is a nod to her famed barnyard ad from last March highlighting her experience castrating hogs as young girl on an Iowa farm -- skills , she said , that had prepared her to cut wasteful spending in Washington . Ernst 's biker-themed ad "  Shot " also drew national attention in May , a month before the Iowa primary . She was filmed rolling up to a shooting range in black leather on a Harley-Davidson . "  She 's not your typical candidate , " the narrator intones as Ernst takes off her helmet "  Conservative Joni Ernst : mom , farm girl and a lieutenant colonel who carries more than just lipstick in her purse . " As Ernst raises the gun and shoots at a target , the narrator continues : "  when she sets her sights on Obamacare , Joni 's going to unload . " The "  Roast and Ride , " which is still in the early stages of planning , is reminiscent of former Iowa Sen. Tom Harkin 's Steak Fry , which drew many Democratic presidential candidates to the Hawkeye state for speeches and ceremonial steak flipping over many years .	Joni Ernst to host a Harley-themed pork roast June event could draw many 2016 presidential candidates
CNN  -- It was the moment the world had been waiting for , and as he has so often in his glittering career , Lionel Messi delivered . After a frantic opening to the World Cup in Brazil with entertainment and goals aplenty , one of its gold-plated stars announced his arrival in style . A trademark slaloming run from the Barcelona striker ended in the fashion soccer fans have become well accustomed to -- with the net rippling . In truth , Argentina were far from their best against the World Cup debutantes Bosnia and Herzegovina despite going 1-0 up thanks to the quickest goal at the World Cup to date . Sead Kolasinac was the unwitting scorer , diverting the ball into his own net after a Messi free kick was glanced on by Marcos Rojo . Alejandro Sabella 's men could n't build on that early lead though as Bosnia and Herzegovina held their own until the interval . Argentina 's lead was doubled on 65 minutes thanks to a piece of magic from their talisman . Messi swapped passes with Gonzalo HiguaÃn and sidestepped two challenges before firing home off the inside of the post via a slight deflection . His vigorous celebration perhaps showed the pressure he was under to perform , as the endless comparisons to Argentina 's other world famous player -- Diego Maradona -- go on . A goal from substitute Vedad Ibisevic ensured a nervy final six minutes but Argentina held out to secure three important points . France 3-0 Honduras The first World Cup goal to be awarded via goal-line technology helped France to a convincing 3-0 victory over 10-man Honduras in Porto Alegre . Karim Benzema , who had put France ahead thanks to a first half penalty , fired a shot against the post only for Honduras keeper Noel Valladares to inadvertently nudge the ball towards goal . It was awarded by the referee after goal-line technology -- introduced for the first time at this World Cup by FIFA -- instructed him the ball had crossed the line . Replays inside the stadium led to boos from some supporters , as the big screen flashed up ` no goal ' for the initial effort that hit the upright , then ` goal ' after the ball had cannoned off Valladares . Aside from the confusion it was a routine win for an energetic France side , whose task was made easier when Honduras went down to 10 men . Wilson Palacios , who plays for English Premier League side Stoke , had already been booked when he barged into Paul Pogba , conceding a penalty and attracting a second booking . Benzema duly dispatched the spot kick as France seized the initiative just before the interval . Then just three minutes after the break came a landmark moment for the world game when Benzema 's volley from an exquisite Yohan Cabaye pass flashed back off the post . Valladares tried to parry the ball clear as it hurtled towards him but only succeeded in flicking it over the line , the referee confirming the goal a few seconds later . Honduras protested and the replays led to confusion but the goal was awarded , four years after the incident in South Africa that led FIFA president Sepp Blatter to change his mind on technology . A shot from England 's Frank Lampard flicked off the bar and bounced down a yard over the line in their quarterfinal with Germany but the goal was n't awarded . There was no doubt about Benzema 's second , as he fired emphatically into the roof of the net after pouncing on a loose ball , completing a perfect opening night for France coach Didier Deschamps . Switzerland 2-1 Ecuador The other game in Group E on Sunday was a tale of two super subs for Switzerland as an injury time winner from Haris Seferovic broke Ecuadorian hearts in Brasilia . The striker came off the bench to pounce in the dying seconds of the game after another sub -- Admir Mehmedi -- had canceled out Enner Valencia 's early header . It meant that after nine matches at the World Cup , there is still to be a draw . After a low key opening it was Ecuador who struck first , as Enner Valencia planted a firm header into the net from Walter Ayovi 's center . Switzerland , tipped by many as World Cup dark horses , struggled to get into any sort of rhythm and squandered a succession of set pieces . But its two-time European Champions League winning coach Ottmar Hitzfeld got his half time tactical tinkering just right and it drew level within minutes of the restart . Hitzfeld brought striker Admir Mehmedi on for Valentin Stocker and the Freiburg forward nodded home from close range . Swiss goalkeeper Diego Benaglio saved well from Jefferson Montero before Josip Drmic had a goal ruled out for offside as the match neared a dramatic conclusion . Ecuador had a great chance to find the net but Michael Arroyo was tackled brilliantly by Valon Behrami , who then launched a counter attack . The referee played an excellent advantage after Behrami was fouled and the move ended with Seferovic finishing off Ricardo Rodriguez 's low cross . "  We 've done it , and that 's unbelievable , " Hitzfeld was quoted as saying by FIFA 's website . "  We never stopped believing in ourselves . I 'm extremely happy with the three points and it means it 's a good start . "	Lionel Messi announces his World Cup arrival with brilliant goal for Argentina Messi 's strike lifts Argentina to a 2-1 win over Bosnia and Herzegovina Benzema brace helps France beat 10-man Honduras 3-0 in Group E Match sees first World Cup goal awarded via the use of goal-line technology
GREENCREEK , Idaho  CNN  -- It was just 2 1/2 years ago when Elaine Sonnen found out that her 16-year-old son , Richard , had been planning a Columbine-style attack at his high school . Richard Sonnen spent 16 months in mental health institutions after plotting to kill his high school classmates . It would be a fitting payback to his high school classmates who Richard said relentlessly bullied him . "  I always wanted to get back at them , " Richard Sonnen said of his classmates . "  I always wanted to strangle them . ... I was always mad . I was always angry and I would come home and cry to mom and dad . " Both Richard and Elaine Sonnen spoke to CNN at the 45-acre family farm . Unlike Columbine and recent school shootings at Northern Illinois University and Virginia Tech , Elaine Sonnen did see the warning signs in her son and was able to stop him . Elaine and her husband , Tom , adopted Richard from a Bulgarian orphanage when he was just 4 1/2 years old . "  I mean , we just loved him , and he was just a big sparkle of life , " she said . But only a few months after they brought him home , they began to see another side of their son . He was angry and unpredictable . Elaine Sonnen says that at age 6 , Richard told her he wanted to kill her . She said he would shake with anger to the point that he 'd scream at her , telling her he wanted to destroy her . "  People thought he was just the greatest kid in the world . Very polite , well-mannered , caring , " Elaine Sonnen remembered . "  At home , he could be anywhere from just a really helpful kid to a monster . A terrifying monster . " Mother says son had ` two ' personalities " In junior high , he said , "  evil " classmates started picking on him . Boys and girls , he said , bullied him until he could n't take it anymore . "  I always wanted to get revenge , " he said . By the eighth grade , Richard was put on anti-psychotic medications . He had been diagnosed as bipolar and was suffering from obsessive compulsive disorder and other disorders . In 1999 , when the Columbine shootings happened , the Sonnens feared that Richard might do the same thing one day . "  We stopped and looked at each other and said , ` This could be Richard ; some day this could be him , ' " Elaine Sonnen said . Years later , during his junior year in high school , they were right . Fed up with the bullies , Richard says , he felt like an outcast and started looking for a way to get even . Secretly , he began reading books about Columbine in his school library . The shooters , Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold , became his heroes . "  They planned it out so perfectly and so meticulously ... that I just , wow , you know , " he said . "  They 're my gods . " Watch a preview of "  Campus Rage " " He even created a hit list of the classmates he planned to kill at Prairie High School in Cottonwood , Idaho . "  My plan was to set around bombs around the school . ... I analyzed a lot of where everybody sat and where everybody did their thing , " he said . "  I had pinpoints of where I wanted to go , where I wanted to do it . " Harvard Medical School psychologist William Pollack , who consulted on a 2002 federal government study of school shootings , said it found that most school shooters often had feelings of anger , sadness and isolation as well as homicidal and suicidal thoughts . "  We see a young man who obviously is telling us how depressed he was , how angry he was and how much he looked up to people who we know are very disturbed and very dangerous , and how close he came to killing people , " said Pollack , who watched CNN 's interview with Richard . Elaine Sonnen found out about her son 's plan during a conversation with him . She ordered him to write down the names of the eight students he wanted dead and then gave the list to his caseworker the next day . Later , he added a teacher and his mother and sister to the hit list . She took immediate action and had her son committed to an Idaho mental institution . Over the next 16 months , he received treatment at several mental health facilities throughout Idaho . "  There , I opened up . I felt better . I moved on with myself , " Richard said . "  They felt at that point ... they had done everything they could do for him , " Elaine Sonnen added . "  He was doing great . He could make it on his own . They had no question . " In January 2007 , after almost a year and a half in mental institutions , Richard Sonnen started a new life at Lewis-Clark State College in Lewiston , Idaho . He was taking a cocktail of three anti-psychotic drugs to help him function . " -LSB- For -RSB- the first time in 12 years , I was able to hold my son , " said Elaine Sonnen . "  So I knew he was on the road to be well . " Everything seemed to be looking up , but in April 2007 , three days after the Virginia Tech massacre , Richard 's mother received a call from police . They told her Richard had made about four threats to carry out shootings at Lewis Clark State College and Lewiston High School . Police told her Richard planned to go home , get some guns and go back to school to pull off a sniper attack from a clock tower on the college 's campus , she said . Police took him into protective custody and searched his apartment for clues . But , in the end , he was released because , authorities say , they did n't have enough evidence to charge him with a crime . Richard said the whole incident was a big misunderstanding . He said he was telling people about his high school plot and never threatened his college or local high school . But his mother does n't believe his version of the story . "  No . I believe he made those threats , " she said . "  I still believe it . " Richard , now 19 , signed an order banning him from campus for one year . Today , he lives on his own in Washington state . He 's still on medication but not seeing a psychiatrist . Since he 's over the age of 18 , his mom ca n't force him to go . Is Elaine Sonnen still afraid of her son ? "  Yeah , at times , I 'm very afraid , " she said . "  Because he still has a lot of anger towards me . " She said the signs are still there , and she fears what could happen if he ever stops taking his medicine . "  He 's not getting the help and the insight from a professional that could see the signs , " she said . "  Because as a person with a mental illness , you have skewed thinking . " Even though Richard calls her the "  greatest person in the world , " Elaine Sonnen protects the family by keeping an alarm on her son 's bedroom door when he comes home to visit . So why are Richard Sonnen and his mother , Elaine , speaking out now ? In the wake of the Northern Illinois University and Virginia Tech shootings , Richard wants young people experiencing the same symptoms he had to seek out help . His mother wants parents and authorities to listen for warning signs and to act fast and decisively . E-mail to a friend	At age 6 , Elaine Sonnen says , her son , Richard , wanted to kill her Fed up with bullying , Richard says he plotted to kill eight classmates Elaine immediately sought mental help for her son after learning of his plan Richard spent 16 months in mental institutions and now lives on his own
CNN  With the ongoing protests over the shooting death by police of black teenager Tony Robinson in Madison , Wisconsin , the racist chanting of fraternity members at the University of Oklahoma , and now the inexcusable shootings of two police officers in Ferguson , Missouri , it 's safe to say that the always-strained race relations in this country are being pushed to the breaking point . And the point with the most stress is the delicate relationship between police forces and the minority communities that they serve . To approach things from a more positive angle , the situation is dire enough that we absolutely have to try to uncover the good and not dwell on the negative . The best time to make things better is when it seems that everything is getting worse . This unacceptable status quo can motivate us to take the necessary steps to address the problems , which are not going to disappear unless we honestly deal with them . When things are going wrong , responsible people can begin by saying the right things . President Obama said on Twitter , "  Violence against police is unacceptable . Our prayers are with the officers in MO. . Path to justice is one all of us must travel together . " The Congressional Black Caucus issued a statement saying , "  The CBC understands the frustrations in Ferguson , but a response of violence is not the answer during this transformative moment in our country . " And Attorney General Eric Holder noted , "  This was not someone trying to bring healing to Ferguson . ... This was a damn punk , a punk who was trying to sow discord . " For the most part , authorities in Missouri have been careful not to blame the peaceful protesters . Surely , not all responses have been as measured , but the gravity of the situation will hopefully bring out the best in people . While we pause for a moment to let passions cool , we can use the time to consider how best to move forward with common resolve instead of mutual recrimination . The way forward is to engage citizens in the community -- to bring them into the room when decisions are being made about policing policies and procedures to make sure that those policies and procedures address the community 's real concerns . And it 's about putting law enforcement officers in the community as welcome members of that community -- as guarantors of the safety and security of the people instead of intimidating outside forces . This approach would benefit both the community and the police . I 'm certain that officers would rather be appreciated and valued by the people they serve than be pressured to fill city coffers by issuing unnecessary citations , as noted in the DOJ report on Ferguson . Nobody becomes a cop because they secretly long to be a collection agent . One of the easiest ways to integrate law enforcement officers into the community is to physically put them on the sidewalks by increasing the number of cops who work good old-fashioned foot beats . Officers who view the world through a patrol car window are separated from the people they serve by more than a sheet of glass . Being encased in a vehicle alienates a person from the world around them . The cop on the beat is not just a quaint notion from old movies , he can be a bridge between police forces and the people they serve . Another idea is to give cops bicycles , which has brought so many law enforcement officials in touch with other cyclists in the community . Lack of community policing is one of the shortcomings cited in the DOJ report on Ferguson . In areas where the gulf between law enforcement and the neighborhood is too wide , mediators can be used to initially bring the two sides together . After all , both sides ultimately have the same goal of safe and peaceful neighborhoods . Both police departments and members of the community can take proactive steps to come together on more than a purely professional level . A tech services company in the South Bronx recently hosted a video game competition with police officers and residents of the neighborhood . The event left local teenagers saying things about the cops like "  basically they 're like us . " Ultimately , police should be considered members of the community -- a notion that needs to be encouraged by police departments and neighborhoods alike . Communities can make the local cops part of their neighborhood celebrations . New Orleans Police Det. Winston Harbin became a minor Internet celebrity for his impromptu dancing with local people during Mardi Gras . Besides just being fun , Harbin 's interaction with the community helped foster the type of mutual appreciation and respect that are essential to effective community policing . Fear and mistrust among minority communities toward police are the legacy of many decades of racism , unequal treatment , bias , subjective stereotyping and lack of opportunity . It is times like now , when that anger and resentment are boiling , that we address it . With the right approach , we can begin to change the attitude between the black community and the police from "  HandsUpDo n'tShoot " to "  HandsTogetherInTrust . "	Latest Ferguson shootings push strained race relations to breaking point Donna Brazile : Relationship between police forces and minority communities must improve
Above Gwangju , South Korea  CNN  -- "  I feel the need ... the need for speed ! " Those infamous words spoken by Maverick and Goose in the movie "  Top Gun " enter my head as I walk across the tarmac to the fighter jet that I will soon fly in . With my helmet in hand and dressed in a pilot 's jumpsuit , I look the part as I prepare for my maiden flight in South Korea 's latest fighter jet -- the T-50 jet trainer . But I 'm feeling anxious and slightly nauseous , and for good reason . The week before , the South Korean Air Force had put me through a rigorous training course at the Aerospace Medical Training Center in North Chungcheong Province . But it was n't simply a case of a medical check-up and a few tests to make sure I was fit , healthy and good to fly . I was strapped into a simulator and forced to endure extreme gravitational forces for up to 20 seconds -- hardcore training that all fighter pilots must pass . I did n't just black out once but twice , so my fear was it would happen again but this time at 24,000 feet in the air . Major Young-Ho Cheon had heard about my training ordeal . The 35 year old has been a fighter pilot for the past 11 years -- fulfilling his childhood dream . "  There 's nothing to be worried about Coren . Just relax -- I will look after you . " I 'm not worried about my pilot , I 'm worried about whether I can handle my nerves and nail the near impossible breathing technique that will stop the blood rushing from my head and causing me to lose consciousness once more . The pilots at the Gwangju airbase are all exceptionally fit . Their cardiovascular levels and core muscles are that of an elite athlete . They train in the gym every day , push weights and run countless kilometers , conditioning their bodies to endure the paralyzing G-forces ; a force that for us mere mortals feels like a house collapsing on top of you as you gasp for air . I get into the back seat of the fighter jet and the ground crew strap me in . They point out the ejection seat lever that I will have to pull if something goes wrong . "  Other than that lever , do n't touch any other buttons , " warns one ground crewman . By this stage my mask is pumping oxygen and the pilot tells me to slow down my breathing . On the ground , in the cockpit I 'm struggling for air -- I know I 'm nervous . We soon taxi into position , the engines deafening . "  You OK Coren ? We 're ready to take off , " Major Cheon informs me . Suddenly the roar becomes even louder and we 're speeding along the runway , and within seconds we 're in the air . We climb steadily above Gwangju , the sixth largest city in South Korea . It gets smaller and smaller until we make our way to 13,000 feet above the clouds . There are two other fighter jets traveling with us . One is carrying a film crew from the South Korean Air Force , the other is traveling as a buddy -- these jets always fly in tandem . After 15 minutes , Major Cheon pipes up , "  OK enough sight seeing , it 's time to have some fun . " This "  fun " includes performing an eye-popping list of textbook maneuvers -- B-roll , Loop , Cuban 8 , Immelman-Turn , Split-S , Clover Leaf , Vertical Demo and Horn Recovery -- that will test this state-of-the-art aircraft and its nervous passenger to the limit . The maneuvers begin and suddenly the pressure hits me . It 's so intense as we climb higher and higher , but unlike the training where I was n't wearing an anti-G suit to protect me from the dynamic forces , this amazing device suddenly kicks to constrict my legs and keep the blood in the top half of my body . Every time there is a strong G-force this suit blows up and quite literally saves me . I 'm seeing stars but I do n't black out . I 'm breathing deeply , clenching my body , trying desperately not to let the pain and pressure get on top of me . Suddenly we 're upside down , with a punishing 6Gs -- six times that of the normal force of gravity -- against me and all I can see is the Earth beneath me . We come out of the turn and the pilot 's voice comes through on my headset . "  Ready for 7Gs Coren ? I think you can do it . " With his reassurance and my renewed confidence I scream through the microphone , "  Whoaaaaaaa ... let 's do it ! " We thrust higher into the heavens and the jet feels likes it 's vertical -- because it is -- and within seconds we 're at 24,000 feet . "  Here we go , " Major Cheon suddenly warns . And with that the jet twists and turns in ways I never thought were possible . I 'm groaning in the backseat , the G-forces at this stage are so painful they feel like they 're crushing my body . And then suddenly they release me and the pain is over . We 're in the air for an hour -- an hour of my life filled with pain and ecstasy . An hour of life I will never forget .	CNN 's Anna Coren flies in the South Korean Air Force 's latest fighter jet She completed the mandatory training course that tested her body to the limit The air force pilots have to be exceptionally fit to endure the gravitational stress The T-50 flight lasts an hour , with the jet performing mind-bending maneuvers
OPRAH.com  -- Lust , love and like . A healthful , happy love relationship serves up three out of three . A healthful , happy love relationship is a passionate best friendship . Modern women could learn a few things about love and seduction from Scheherazade . Many women think men only care about the lust angle -- finding a hot bod for hot sex . Unfortunately , there are many men who do only care about this . In my book "  Prince Harming Syndrome , " I explain how relationships that are too focused on sex wind up being what my favorite philosopher buddy Aristotle called a relationship of pleasure -- where you find a sex-mate or a relationship of utility -- where you find an ego-mate or wallet-mate . However , a healthful , happy love relationship is what Aristotle calls a relationship of shared virtue -- when you find a soul mate . Where you each get one another at your core , inspire and support each other to grow into your best possible selves . A relationship of shared virtue is where you feel the whole triumvirate : lust , love and like . Meaning ? If you want to fully seduce a man , then you 've got to know how to grab a man by more than his you-know-what . You must truly turn on a man 's soul ! Oprah.com : 5 things that make you sexy If you sleep with a man before you feel safe knowing you connect on a soul-to-soul level , the relationship might start off hot -- but like steam into air , it will rise quickly then -- pfffft -- vanish into vapor . Or worse , you 'll wind up getting burnt . This is so important to prioritize , that I 'm repeating this reminder in bold italic letters : If you ca n't stimulate a man in more areas than from the waist down , you will only be attracting a relationship of pleasure or a relationship of utility . And this man will not remain your man for long . One of my favorite quotes about love comes from the book "  The Little Prince " : "  It 's only with the heart that one can see rightly ; what 's most important is invisible to the eye . " I love that the Little Prince recognized that the heart  another metaphysical word for soul  is the best lens for love -- making this Little Prince a major Prince Charming . Seduction Tip 1  in bold italics so you recognize it is crucial to remember  : If you want to be a man 's Princess Charming , you MUST do more than work on tightening your buns or boosting up your boobs ! You MUST tap into what I call "  The Scheherazade Effect . " Oprah.com : What to do before you can find love Remember the tale of Scheherazade and her 1,001 nights ? Scheherazade was absolutely a Princess Charming who knew how to grab and stimulate her king 's soul . Voilà ! The CliffsNotes on Scheherazade : There once was a king who got very bored with the women in his life very quickly . He would marry a new virgin , "  shtup " her , then send her pretty self away pretty much immediately ... to be beheaded . Talk about a bad breakup , huh ? And talk about a King Harming , huh ? Anyway , this king killed thousands of women by the time he finally met the enchantingly different Scheherazade . What made Scheherazade enchantingly different ? Scheherazade loved to read books and had lots of fascinating ideas and interests to share . Wisely educated in morality and kindness , she had a passion for poetry , philosophy , sciences and arts . She kept the king on the edge of his bed -- not with mere alluring sexual positions -- but with alluring stories to be told , each more exciting than the next . And so the king kept Scheherazade alive -- eagerly anticipating each new tale -- until , lo and behold , 1,001 adventurous nights passed -- along with three sons -- and the king not only learned to love Scheherazade , but he made her his queen . Talk about living happily ever after , huh ? The lesson learned ? It 's very seductive to a man when you , as a full-bodied and full souled woman , have passions in your life you can share to keep him inspired , titillated , growing and thriving . Seduction Tip 2  again in bold italics so you recognize it is crucial to remember  : The more passions you have in your life , the more passion your man will have for you ! Oprah.com : 4 steps to finding your passion My friend David told me he fell in love with his wonderful wife of 13 years because he adored her "  world lens " -- all the interesting perspectives she shared about life , all her passionate insights and enthusiastic talents . David 's idea of love is being turned on by how his paramour looked at the world , instead of simply focusing on how she looked to the world . Which is why David is a 3-D Prince Charming who 's found his Scheherazade . Unfortunately , I believe too many women feel that the best way to catch a guy is with the bait of their  to word it politely  "  vajayjay . " But if that is the main lure for love , then why are n't little "  vajayjay icons " found on Valentine 's Day cards ? I 'm kidding -- but I am serious ! If you sleep with a man too soon , you risk being dizzied by an "  oxytocin high , " and you will not know until you 're already emotionally entrenched if the two of you have a true soul-nurturing connection . Plus , even in this modern world , you also risk the man respecting you less if you give sex away too quickly . It 's timeless psychology . The harder you are to win , the bigger your estimated prize value . Many men do not want to belong to a club that has touched their members too quickly . It 's the ol' Dr. Ejaculate/Mr . Hide Syndrome . As soon as the man comes , he 'll want to go . Seduction Tip 3  back to bold italics one last time for good measure  : If you ever wan na hear "  I do , " you have to start off saying a lot of sexual "  I do n'ts . " For this reason , I recommend to the women I coach that they do not drink alcohol on dates . Staying alcohol-free will help ensure you clearly "  hear " who a guy is , not simply "  see " who he is . You do n't want to be hypnotized by superficial qualities , like his looks and wealth . Plus , being alcohol-free will help make sure you do n't move too swiftly forward physically  a.k.a. it will ensure you keep your vajayjay in your skirt !  . Meaning ? My overall big seduction tip for luring in healthful , happy relationship is to STOP trying to be seductive ! If you focus too much on seducing a man with your body and beauty , you will only be luring in a man with your body and beauty . If you want to wisely be in a lust , love and like relationship of shared virtue , it 's far more important that you excite a man 's soul . Oprah.com : How to get lucky in love and life Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Scheherazade kept her head on her shoulders by keeping her king interested Her 1001 stories seduced his mind and soul Relying on physical seduction often leads to heartbreak than happiness Expert : If women want to hear "  I do " they need to say "  I do n't " many times
CNN  -- The torch for the 2010 Vancouver Olympics was lit in a ceremony at the ancient Greek site of Olympia on Thursday , less than four months ahead of the games ' opening ceremony . Actress Maria Nafpliotou , as a high priestess , lights the flame for the Vancouver 2010 Olympics on Thursday . The torch will be carried on an eight-day trip through Greece , the birthplace of the Olympics , before being transported to Canada for what will be the longest domestic torch relay in the games ' history , officials said . Women dressed in white togas performed a ceremony on the green hillside at Olympia , the home of the Olympic flame and the place where the ancient Olympics took place . A woman playing the role of a high priestess lit the flame by sunlight focused on a mirror , the only way by tradition it can be lit . That fire then was used to light the Vancouver Olympic Torch , which Greek skier and three-time Olympian Vassilis Dimitriadis then carried on the first leg of its journey through Greece . "  The Olympic torch and flame are the symbols of the values and ideals which lie at the heart of the Olympic Games , " International Olympic Committee President Jacques Rogge said before the ceremony . The torch will carry a message of peace throughout the world , he said -- words echoed by Vancouver 2010 Chief Executive John Furlong . "  Today we build a bridge between ancient Olympia and young Canada , " he said . "  Canada is a country with a welcoming spirit and a glowing heart . ... We will do all we can to be a shining example of the ideas and values that were first kindled here in this hallowed place . " After its 1,351-mile  2,180-kilometer  trip through Greece , the torch will be taken to Canada . On October 30 , the first of 12,000 torchbearers will begin carrying it through Canada on what will be a 106-day , 27,900-mile  45,000-kilometer  relay . "  It will be the longest domestic relay in Olympic history , just to be sure every Canadian will be given the right to dream and celebrate , " Furlong said . The torch relay is derived from ancient rituals in Olympia , where torch and relay races were popular festival events and where heralds traveled throughout Greece to announce the games . The torch for the 2010 Winter Games was designed by transportation and aerospace company Bombardier , a Vancouver Olympic sponsor . The lean curves of the white torch were inspired by the lines carved in the snow by winter sports and by the "  undulating beauty of the Canadian landscape , " the company said . The torch 's special construction will allow it to burn through a range of winter weather , including snow , rain , sleet , wind and subzero temperatures , Bombardier said . It weighs 3.5 pounds  1.6 kilograms  fully fueled , the company said . The flame is due to arrive in Vancouver , British Columbia , on February 12 when the opening ceremony of the 2010 Winter Games will be held at the domed BC Place Stadium .	Olympic flame due to arrive in Vancouver , British Columbia , in February Vancouver Olympic Torch lit in ceremony in Greece 's ancient Olympia Torchbearers will begin carrying flame through Canada next week on 106-day relay Vancouver Olympics official : "  It will be the longest domestic relay in Olympic history "
CNN  -- It 's a love match for Novak Djokovic . Tennis ' world No. 1 announced his engagement to longtime girlfriend and fellow Serb Jelena Ristic , telling the world via his Facebook page and Twitter . "  Meet my fiancÃ © e and future wife : So happy ! Thank you for wonderful wishes #NoleFam and friends ! " Accompanying that tweet was a picture of Ristic kissing Djokovic on the cheek . No wedding date was given . Djokovic has been dating Ristic for about eight years . She is a regular in his box at major tournaments around the world and has modeled swimwear . But Ristic also obtained a master 's degree in Luxury Management from the International University of Monaco and is the CEO of the Novak Djokovic Foundation . "  We are emotional partners , " Ristic told Britain 's Daily Mail in July . "  The emotional support we give to each other is very important . "  It 's the same for me as well . He is very supportive and encouraging of the work that I do . " Only one member of the ` Big Four ' in men 's tennis , Roger Federer , is married . Like Djokovic , though , Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray have been dating their girlfriends -- Xisca Perello and Kim Sears , respectively -- for many years . Djokovic 's engagement comes days after he hit 100 weeks as No. 1 , although he 'll likely lose the top ranking to Nadal during the current Asian swing . Djokovic and Nadal are competing at next week 's China Open in Beijing . Caroline Wozniacki is in the women 's draw in Beijing -- and her high-profile relationship with golfer Rory McIlroy made news last month . An Irish newspaper reported that the former No. 1s in their respective sports split , although Wozniacki subsequently tweeted a picture of the two having breakfast together . McIlroy , too , watched the Dane compete at the U.S. Open in New York .	Novak Djokovic announces his engagement to longtime girlfriend Jelena Ristic Tennis ' world No. 1 did n't say when he and Ristic planned to tie the knot Only one member of tennis ' ` Big Four , ' Roger Federer , is currently married Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray have also been dating their girlfriends for years
London  CNN  -- Archaeologists dug up an unmarked grave in a quiet English churchyard in search of remains of King Alfred the Great , a ninth century monarch credited with fending off the Vikings . The exhumation was apparently triggered by fears that interest over the recent discovery of the skeleton of Richard III could lead grave robbers to dig the area for his bones . Alfred the Great is known to generations of schoolchildren through a popular legend that tells of his scolding by a peasant woman for letting her cakes burn while he watched over them . He was at the time preoccupied with the problem of how to repel the Danes , who had captured swaths of Anglo-Saxon England . London rail excavation unearths suspected ` plague pit ' What is thought to be his grave in the churchyard of St. Bartholomew 's Church , in the Hyde area of the ancient city of Winchester , was excavated Monday and Tuesday , the Winchester diocese said in an online release . "  Following the completion of work , we can confirm that skeletal remains were discovered and have been exhumed from the grave , " said Nick Edmonds , a diocesan spokesman . "  Understandably , there is widespread interest in this situation . For now we ca n't say any more about the remains , their nature or whereabouts , but promise to keep people updated when there is something to tell . " The diocese said the decision to carry out the exhumation now -- following three years of research -- was "  to counter the risk of theft or vandalism to the grave . This is in light of heightened risk owing to widespread recent speculation about the significance of its contents . " The revelation last month that bones found under a parking lot in Leicester were those of Richard III , whose story was immortalized by Shakespeare , sparked enormous interest . It also prompted competition between Leicester and another English city , York , over where he should be reinterred . Remains exhumed in Winchester will be stored safely until they are buried again , the diocese said . Skeletal sleuthing team uncovered royal remains of Richard III No scientific tests have been carried out to find out more . "  We do acknowledge that there is local interest in learning more about the remains found in this grave , " Edmonds said . But , he said , an application would have to be made to church authorities before any scientific investigation can take place . Despite historical significance , the church is taking precautions , said the Rev. Canon Cliff Bannister , rector of St. Batholomew 's Church . "  Although we know there is historical interest in this site , our chief concern this week has been to ensure that the exhumation of human remains from a consecrated Christian burial site has been fulfilled in a reverent and dignified manner , " he said . Opinion : After Richard III , can we find Genghis Khan ?	Human remains are excavated from an unmarked grave in a Winchester churchyard Archaeologists think they may belong to King Alfred the Great The ninth century monarch is credited with fending off a Viking invasion No tests have been done as yet to confirm whether the remains are his
CNN  -- Schools , major roads and an airport remained closed Tuesday , as a thick cloud of filthy smog smothered the northeastern city of Harbin . Meteorologists in the city , which is famous for its annual ice festival , issued a red alert for fog at 5 a.m. Tuesday , with visibility in some central areas of the city down to less than 20 meters  65 feet  , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Video from China 's state-run CCTV showed some people -- obscured by smog even just steps away -- wearing masks over their mouths as they walked in the province . Some drivers who braved the roads flashed hazard lights . Kindergartens , primary and junior middle schools were ordered to suspend classes for a second day , while Harbin Taiping International Airport remained closed -- with 250 flights canceled on Monday alone , according to Chinese state media . China needs smog-free air in a can Hazardous levels Pollution levels remained far above international standards , as the city 's monitoring stations on Tuesday showed that concentrations of PM2 .5 -- the tiny airborne particles considered most harmful to health -- were more than 30 times the World Health Organization 's recommended standard , the state-run China Daily reported . Could smog choke China 's sporting ambitions ? Government officials blamed the smog on a lack of wind and farmers burning crop stalk after their autumn harvest , though the city 's coal-burning heating system , which was recently started , is also a likely factor . Harbin 's environmental bureau has also conducted checks on factories known to discharge pollutants , the China Daily report added . Extreme conditions Fang Lijuan , the city 's chief meteorologist , said it was very rare for the city to suffer such extreme conditions . "  There has been no strong wind and the level of humidity is high , " she said , in quotes carried by China Daily . Residents of this city of 10 million people were also surprised by the thick smog . Living with an ` air-pocalypse ' "  The pollution is indeed very bad , we can only see things within 100 meters , and yesterday it was 20-30 meters . We can smell the smoke in the air , " one man , who identified himself as Mr. Ren , told CNN . "  The smog started about four days ago ... I heard all face masks in Harbin are sold out . People are very angry about this and there is a lot of discussion over the Internet . "  The main reason is Harbin started its heating and the main resource is coal . Every year at this time , the air quality is bad -- but this year is especially polluted . " Can social media clear air over China ? Naming and shaming Last month China announced plans to start listing its top ten most air-polluted cities every month in the hopes that national humiliation will push positive environmental action . "  We must put air quality control as an ecological red line for economic management and social development , " China 's Vice Premier Zhang Gao Li said in a statement as he announced the new policy at the 18th Air Pollution Control Conference in Beijing . Chinese officials did not say when the first list would be announced , but the northern megacities of Beijing and Tianjin , as well as the surrounding provinces of Hebei , Shanxi , Inner Mongolia and Shandong have signed onto an official plan to speed up air pollution control measures . China 's capital often suffers with hazardous pollution levels and smog . An explosion in the number of cars on the roads , as well as industrial pollution are seen as the main contributors . What Beijing looks like on a gloriously clear day CNN 's Feng Ke in Beijing contributed to this report .	Visibility in some central areas of the city down to less than 20 meters  65 feet  , Xinhua said Pollution levels 30 times the World Health Organization 's recommended standard Government officials blame lack of wind as well as farmers burning crop stalks
A mother mourns the deaths of children who slipped from her grasp . A father says he 's contemplated suicide . A family prepares to rebuild . A week after Typhoon Haiyan tore through the Philippines , the adrenaline-fueled response to the storm and its aftermath have faded from the streets of Tacloban . Now , the grim realities of daily life have taken its place . Juvelyn Taniega is trying to keep busy . She 's collected old dishes and is cleaning them up , crouching on the ground near the spot where her home once stood and the place where she last saw her husband and six children alive . She 's found the bodies of three of her children , but three of them are still missing . In days , she said , no one has come to help . "  My children are decomposing , " she said . In other parts of the storm-ravaged city , help has arrived . Trucks carry food . Crews clean up debris . Workers line up bodies to be identified by families who 've been searching for their loved ones . Humanitarian workers and military troops from around the world have converged on the Eastern Philippines , racing against time to rescue and feed those devastated by the storm . The horror is everywhere thanks to what was Super Typhoon Haiyan when it came ashore a week ago ago , packing winds 3.5 times as strong as Hurricane Katrina , pushing in a wall of water 15 feet high and washing away towns on many islands . The official nationwide death toll from the typhoon had increased to 2,360 by Friday morning . Other reports suggested the toll could be far higher , with thousands feared dead in Tacloban alone . The deadly storm left more than 3,850 injured and at least 77 people reported missing across the Philippines , officials said . Reaching all the victims and assisting the survivors -- including more than 2 million people in need of food , according to the Philippines government -- are both priorities now . How to help A significant sign of stepped up relief efforts was Thursday 's arrival of the USS George Washington , an aircraft carrier teeming with 5,500 crew . It 's accompanied by eight more ships that , together , have 80 aircraft -- including 21 helicopters -- that can deliver supplies to hard-to-reach areas and conduct search-and-rescue missions for those still holding on six days after the epic storm . Faces of the storm Supplies running out at hospitals In Tacloban , the bloated corpses of dogs lie next to body bags filled with human remains . The stench from wreckage hovers all around , as people sift through debris . A line snakes around the airport , filled with those eager to leave . Families huddle inside the city convention center , savoring their first rice in a week but not knowing when their next meal will come . "  We really do n't know what we 're going to do next , " said 30-year-old May May Gula , 30 , a member of one of eight families sharing what was left of a room on the convention center 's ground floor . Emotional extremes for families of typhoon victims Some typically called upon to help need help themselves . Take First Seaman Ryan Cardenas , a member of the Philippines Navy , who has helped with recovery efforts after two other cyclones in the past two years that left hundreds dead . But when Haiyan slammed into the Tacloban naval station where he 's based , he and other sailors clung to rafters in their barracks . Their commanding officer , who was in a separate building almost demolished by the storm , stayed alive by clutching a palm tree 's trunk . Afterward , sailors helped retrieve some bodies , according to Cardenas . One found his mother sitting dead against a wall . Now , they 're sorting through the wreckage of the naval station and awaiting orders . "  This is the worst , " Cardenas said , taking a break from fixing a piece of damaged furniture . "  We 're both victims and rescuers . " Scenes of devastation , calls for help Senator concerned about crimes against women In some cases , it 's not that there 's not enough food , water and other necessities . It 's that they are not being given out , because getting to those in need is so difficult . The danger of violence -- whether out of desperation or confusion -- looms over the relief efforts . Police warned a CNN crew to turn back Wednesday on the road south of Tacloban , saying rebels had been shooting at civilians . "  Maybe they are looking for food , " a police commander said . U.S. Navy Rear Adm. Mark Montgomery , the commander of the USS George Washington 's strike group , acknowledged security is an issue . But it 's hardly the only one , nor even the biggest . "  Obviously , the conditions are pretty grim right now , " Montgomery told CNN Thursday . "  But it 's not as much security as it is just the inaccessibility of the roads . " A Philippines senator said she 's learned of reports of rapes and other crimes against women , some allegedly perpetrated by convicts who escaped prison in the typhoon 's aftermath , the state-run Philippines News Agency reported . Sen. Nancy Binay particularly expressed alarm after women said on TV that the situation had become worse , with assailants going so far as to break into people 's homes . Debris hampers delivery of aid International aid has piled up at airports , blocked from distribution to the starving by miles of debris-strewn roads . It is taking a long time to clear them and establish communications in to remote areas , said Philippines Secretary of the Interior Mar Roxas . "  Imagine a situation where from zero , from zero , no power , light , water , communication , nothing , you have to build the social infrastructures as well as the physical infrastructures for 275,000 . " Opinion : Childhood in the path of typhoons In the meantime , U.S. Marines have transformed a sleepy airbase in Cebu into a buzzing center of activity that included cargo aircraft , tilt-rotor Ospreys and camouflaged Marines . The Ospreys can land in remote spots where there are no cleared runways , but crews still find themselves hemmed in by debris . "  Some of those neighborhoods are inundated with water , and some of it 's inaccessible , " Brig. Gen. Paul Kennedy said . Roxas would love to see the assistance getting out faster . Still , he feels it 's doubling by the day . Amos , the top U.N. humanitarian official , pointed Thursday morning to a continuing litany of needs -- such as clean water , hygiene kits , hospital supplies , tents and other shelters . The airport can handle more traffic , and roads are getting better and better . At the same time , Amos said , "  We know that much more is required . " ` Immense ' need But can it come soon enough ? That 's a pressing question in Guiuan , a remote community of about 45,000 people that was among the first areas hit by the full force of the storm . Alexis Moens , a team leader with Doctors Without Borders , described whole areas as "  flattened -- houses , medical facilities , rice fields , fishing boats , all destroyed . " "  People are living out in the open ; there are no roofs left standing in the whole of Guiuan , " Moens said . "  The needs are immense , and there are a lot of surrounding villages that are not yet covered by any aid organizations . " In Tacloban , those who survived say they have no choice but to move forward . Jericho , a boy whose mother , aunt and nine cousins were killed in the storm , tells his father he wants to leave the city on one of the planes he 's seen flying overhead . His father tells him they have to stay in Tacloban . "  We have no money , " he says . "  Just each other . " A man whose wife and child died said he ca n't stop thinking of seeing his family drown in the storm . "  The first one that I saw was my youngest , " he said . "  She fainted , and then she drowned . The water was so fast . And then my wife , when I tried to grab her , I missed her . Then she drowned , and then I never saw her again . " Over the past week , he admits he 's often thought of killing himself . But he has n't , he said , because he still has one child who needs him . Could mystery man on tape be patriarch of 30 missing ?	A week after Typhoon Haiyan hit , a grim reality is setting in "  My children are decomposing , " one woman says U.N. official : Conditions are improving , but "  more more is required " Latest national death toll from the typhoon is 2,360 , officials say
CNN  -- Actor Mark Harmon , who stars on the television show "  NCIS , " appears in a new public service announcement aimed at increasing awareness about cancer immunotherapy , or mobilizing one 's own immune system to fight cancer . The PSA , from Stand Up to Cancer and the Cancer Research Institute , debuted Thursday . Harmon participated in the announcement on behalf of friends who have battled cancer . "  Cancer research is extremely important to me , " the two-time Emmy nominee said in a statement . "  I do n't know anyone who has n't been affected by cancer in some way or another . I 'm here ... to highlight the unbelievable work that CRI and SU2C are doing to advance the field of cancer immunology . " New drugs may help immune system fight cancer Immunotherapy treatments involve drugs that train the immune system to recognize and kill cancer cells . Two new studies presented last month at the American Society of Clinical Oncology conference -- the largest convergence of cancer experts worldwide -- involving immunotherapy showed what society President Dr. Sandra Swain called "  significant progress . " Similar studies were presented at the 2012 meeting . In December , SU2C and the Cancer Research Institute announced that they were forming a Cancer Immunology Translational Research Dream Team to explore the relationship between cancer and the immune system , using $ 10 million in funding over three years . Scientists on the "  dream team " represent eight institutions nationwide . "  The research that CRI and SU2C are doing shows us that with the help of immunotherapy , our bodies ' own natural defenses can fight cancer , " Harmon said . "  We 've all seen people suffer through different kinds of treatments for this disease , but these advances in immunotherapy have the potential to significantly change cancer treatment as we know it . It 's important for people to learn about these discoveries . " Stand Up 2 Cancer : A glitzy way to fight	Cancer immunotherapy involves mobilizing the immune system to fight cancer "  Cancer research is extremely important to me , " Mark Harmon says Studies are showing progress in the field of immunotherapy
Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , may be frustrated with the President 's anticipated executive action on immigration , but he 's not looking to shutdown the government again to stop him . "  There is no Republican -- not one -- who wants a government shutdown , " Cruz said on Fox Wednesday . "  The only person on this planet who wants a shutdown is President Obama . " Cruz , who voted in favor of shutting down the government last year over Obamacare , made the expected argument that the President would be violating the powers set by the Constitution by forcing executive action . But the former Harvard Law Review editor took the argument a step further Wednesday , saying that if the President acted , he would be forcing voters to take a plunge . "  I 'm sorry to say , the President is behaving in an unprecedented way , " Cruz said . "  There is not in recent times any parallel for a President repudiated by the voters standing up and essentially telling the voters , ` Go jump in a lake ' . He 's going to force his powers . " Earlier Wednesday , the first-term senator penned a Politico op-ed titled "  Obama Is Not A Monarch , " where he slammed the President for threatening executive action . Once seen as an obstructionist -- for his 2013 government shutdown crusade -- the potential 2016 contender is changing his strategy this time around for defying the President . Wednesday evening , Cruz laid out a three-step plan for how the GOP should reign in a "  despotic executive . " In the plan , Cruz told Fox News that incoming Senate Majority Leader-elect Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , should threaten to block any nominations by the President , with the exception of those for vital national security positions . He also said Congress should use the power of the purse to pass appropriation legislation that limits the power of both the Congress and the President to spend money on the President 's executive action , once all other necessary government agencies and functions are funded . While Cruz says legislative action is the best way to move forward to combat the President 's initiative , a few of his GOP colleagues -- and potential 2016 rivals -- said they felt a lawsuit would be more appropriate . Earlier Wednesday , Texas Gov. Rick Perry said there is a "  very real possibility " Texas will sue Obama over his executive action . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker agreed , saying he would also go to the courts because he thinks "  there 's a pretty compelling argument . " The President is expected to announce his executive action plan Thursday in a prime time address . Sources familiar with the plan tell CNN that it includes deferring deportation for the parents of U.S. citizens , a move that would affect up to 3.5 million people .	Ted Cruz : "  Only person ... who wants a shutdown is President Obama " Texas senator said Congress should threaten to block Obama 's nominees Congress should also withhold funds to halt the executive action , Cruz said
CNN  -- She 's a perfect 10 ; the surfer that other professionals will drag themselves out of the water to watch . But it is the satisfaction of being able to help her family that ranks as Silvana Lima 's proudest achievement . The diminutive Brazilian , twice a runner-up on the women 's World Tour , is seen as a pioneer in her sport who is still pushing the boundaries at the age of 28 . That talent has taken her round the globe and offered rewards that she has been able to divert back to her family in the north western state of Ceara . "  Surfing has helped me a lot , " the sole Brazilian representative of the elite 17 competitors on the women 's tour told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  My success was the fact that I was able to help out others . "  To have been able to leave my hometown , and being able to help out my family , who did n't have good enough conditions to eat , to study . "  Surfing was amazing ; it arrived in the best moment for me . It took me away from my hometown and got me where I am today . "  I already helped my Mom , gave her a house and helped my brother a lot . " After becoming besotted with the sport at the age of five , Lima 's path to the elite level was clearly defined ever since she eschewed a possible career in soccer to focus on surfing . And that decision was vindicated when she became the first woman to ever record a perfect score of 10 for her ride during a competition in Hawaii in 2005 . "  It 's a wonderful memory , " she explains . "  It was my first wave and it was Honolulu Bay in Hawaii . I managed to be on the first beautiful , beautiful wave . "  I remember I dropped down -- I still have that image in my mind today -- entering the tube and pumping , pumping , pumping . It was a great maneuver . I knew then that it was going to be a 10 . " Lima has since gone on to record two more perfect rides to enhance the reputation she holds for a progressive , all-action style that even her peers find intoxicating . Full of dynamic set-pieces , Lima spends a healthy portion of her competition performances tucked in the barrel of a wave or using it as a ramp to propel her into the air -- a move known as an aerial . "  It 's a very hard maneuver to execute , because you are just taking off from a wave with the board under your feet and you land , " Lima said . "  It 's very difficult and you have various types of aerials . It 's my favorite because it took me a long time to learn that maneuver . The feeling that you get from taking off from a wave and completing that maneuver is wonderful . "  After the aerial , the barrel is the best . You feel like you are in your mother 's womb -- it 's special . "  In the barrel you are inside the wave and you see that image in front of you , the door of the barrel for you to exit and you feel like , ` Wow , I 'm inside the barrel . ' "  You stay there just riding it and when you leave you feel like it was the best maneuver you have ever made . " As competition surfing continues to evolve , more and more professionals are taking the aerial route . But as surfers strive for greater heights by taking on moves of greater complexity , the danger is increased and , in turn , the risk of injury -- a topic Lima knows all about . She spent the whole of the 2012 season on the sidelines after tearing her anterior cruciate ligament during a competition on the Gold Coast in Australia . It meant a third bout of similar surgery and an exhaustive rehabilitation process , though she did receive an injury wild card to compete on the 2013 Tour . "  I remember all three moments , all three surgeries and it 's not a very good memory , " she said . "  I feel sad and happy at the same time because I 've got through it and that makes me feel good but to remember how it all happened is bad . "  The most recent injury  was turning around while doing a maneuver and while my body was twisting , my leg remained in the same position , so I basically just twisted my body . Brazil 's best beaches "  When you have pain in your knee or anywhere else in your body , you want to get back into the water to do what you have always done , to give 100 % . "  I want it to stop there and not have any more surgeries , to feel 100 % by doing everything right : gym , physiotherapy , good diet , sleep well , be a complete professional ! "  I think if I do everything right , God wo n't let those things happen to me again . " Though Lima has been part of the fabric of the women 's tour for a decade , she is still more than holding her own against much younger competitors and proudly flying the flag for Brazil . "  My biggest dream is to be world champion , " Lima said . "  It 's really important for me to be here among the best surfers in the world -- the only Brazilian . I 'm really happy and proud of myself , and want to keep on improving . "	Silvana Lima is the only Brazilian on the women 's surfing world tour Lima was the first to register a perfect score of 10 in female competition in 2005 Her style is progressive and dynamic and she 's regularly watched by other professionals She has twice finished runner-up on the ASP World Championship Tour
CNN  -- Sometimes I can still taste the cement dust . When the second tower collapsed , there was no place for me to hide . A tornado of black smoke drove me into the ground and filled my mouth with chewable soot . Splayed on the sidewalk , in total darkness , there was nothing I could do except wait and pray for the pelting to stop . A continuous shower of debris rained on my head , shoulders , and back . I could n't tell when it would end because I could n't even see my hands . Feeling around my surroundings with my fingers , I determined I was n't trapped . Within minutes , a triage tag was forced around my neck and I was taken by ambulance to the hospital . Doctors in the ER cut off my clothes and stuck a tube down my throat to see if my lungs were burned . They were n't . I was mostly fine . One of the lucky ones . How do we make sense of a morning like that ? Throughout the country , but certainly most palpably in New York , there was a stark before and after -- a period when routines were questioned and familiar steps felt shaky . We quit jobs that were n't fulfilling ; couples got married or divorced ; and a lot of us got pregnant , choosing to double down on love instead of loss . For me , at least at first , it meant doing my job . I was a producer at WNBC-TV , and as soon as a nurse agreed to give me a phone , I called the newsroom and reported from my gurney . Within a year , I had co-edited "  Covering Catastrophe : Broadcast Journalists Report September 11 , " donating the proceeds to 9/11-related charities . The National September 11 Memorial and Museum now has the rights to the book to support its programming and exhibitions in perpetuity . The museum opened Thursday for a dedication ceremony , attended by President Obama , rescuers and victims ' relatives . The president called the museum a "  sacred place of healing and of hope . " Thirteen years after the attacks , the nation finally has a place to learn about the horrors of that day and honor the heroism . Journalists are often taught to distance themselves from the people and stories they cover . Do n't get too close , we 're warned ; it will ruin your objectivity . The rules blurred on 9/11 . We ran for our lives alongside everyone else . We were covered in the same ash and were choking on the same smoke . Anchors cried . Suddenly , the old journalism playbook seemed obsolete . It was OK to relate to the story and be part of it , too . This sea change in thinking has allowed journalists to reveal themselves in ways unprecedented in the history of journalism . And it 's why I 'm honored to have recorded my oral history for the museum and so deeply humbled that the triage tag that identified me as a survivor so many years ago will be on display . I will be able to see that triage tag on Monday , when collection donors are invited to visit the museum before it opens to the public on Wednesday . Museum officials tell me it 's one of several survivor artifacts and is displayed alongside a written portion of my story . I am not sure what my reaction will be in encountering this section of the exhibition , but no matter what , I 'll be feeling a deep sense of kinship with all the other survivors in the room . We lived through an experience that bonds us forever . September 11 could have gone very differently for me . My hope is that by supporting the Memorial and Museum , I am , in some small way , honoring those who died and recognizing fully that I am still one of the lucky ones .	New National September 11 Museum opened for dedication ceremony on Thursday Allison Gilbert was struck by falling debris on 9/11 , donated triage tag she wore to hospital Gilbert : After 9/11 , routines were questioned and familiar steps felt shaky Gilbert transferred rights of "  Covering Catastrophe " to the Memorial and Museum
CNN  I grew up near the same tree-moss-draped area of Louisiana where U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise met with followers of David Duke , the Klu Klux Klan leader who in the '90s ran for governor and senator in my beloved state . All my values were forged in Louisiana . Values like family , faith , community and the desire to help others . I understand the so-called conservative values that Congressman Scalise championed , including a deep animosity to taxes . Still , his decision to seek the support of voters aligned with a white supremacist shows extremely poor judgment . He already knew where he was on the political spectrum . As Stephanie Grace , a columnist and reporter for the New Orleans ' Times Picyaune and now for the Advocate , says , he once told her he was "  like David Duke without the baggage " -- that is , without the neo-Nazi views . Scalise was 36 at the time of the controversial meeting he is now trying to explain . He says he did n't know anything about the group he was speaking to . But Kenny Knight , the man who invited Scalise to speak , was known to Scalise as Duke 's campaign manager . Knight says he told Scalise they would n't talk about race or the Jews . That should have been a tip-off . Knight says he did n't invite Scalise to address the convention of white supremacists . Instead , he asked Scalise to talk to a neighborhood group , the Jefferson Heights Civic Association , composed mostly of elderly citizens . But Scalise admitted last week that he talked before the European-American Unity Rights Organization , which the Southern Poverty Law Center considers a hate group . It advocates white supremacy and wants everybody who is n't like its members to leave the country . Scalise said in an interview last week with NOLA.com that at that stage of his political career , he spoke before any group who asked him . He added he even addressed the League of Women Voters which "  is a pretty liberal group . " That 's the group composed of Republicans and Democrats who provide identical questions to each candidate and publish their answers without edits so voters can be informed in a nonpartisan manner . A number of Republican Party leaders , including House Speaker John Boehner , came to Scalise 's defense . Boehner said Scalise "  made an error in judgment , and he was right to acknowledge it was wrong . " There 's a tacit acknowledgment in these defenses that Scalise knew who he was addressing . It seems there 's a concerted effort to make this a non-scandal . Rep. Cedric Richmond , the lone Louisiana Democrat , defended Scalise as "  not having a racist bone in his body . " I believe that . But it makes Scalise 's appearance much , much worse . So many politicians are so eager to push their particular ideology -- or simply score points -- that they do n't consider the larger context . Was Scalise 's anti-tax message so important that it blinded him to the larger value of dignity and equality ? Did Scalise consider who he was representing ? It 's a delicate line for politicians . An appearance is an implicit endorsement of acceptable politics .  You do n't have to talk about race or Jews  . Our politicians must be held accountable . Our universal values , such as "  All men are created equal , " should not be violated in the name of seeking votes . Millions of fallen soldiers who lie in graveyards here and overseas gave their lives defending the principle that every person is individually endowed by God with human rights , and that it 's the duty of the government to secure these rights . Is it alright to dismiss an appearance before a hate group as simply an error in judgment ? Peter Wehner is a former deputy assistant to President George W. Bush , and was an adviser to Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign . "  The party of Lincoln should n't have as its # 3 a keynoter at a white supremacist convention , " he said on Twitter . There is a broader issue here than Scalise and his appearance before a hate group . How much better if our politicians took account of themselves first , rather than acting from a perspective of privilege that they can seek votes where they wish without consequences . We still have a ways to travel in the 21st century .	Donna Brazile : Rep. Scalise explains meeting with hate group as mistaken political appearance She says it 's more than that ; it shows pols willingness to trade away American values for votes
CNN  -- A Mississippi schoolteacher was sentenced to life without parole Wednesday for shooting and stabbing to death her lover 's pregnant fiancee in 2006 . Carla Hughes met the victim 's fiance at the middle school where she was a teacher . The same jury that convicted Carla Hughes of two counts of murder Tuesday for the death of Avis Banks spared her life , declining to impose the death penalty . Mississippi is among the states that consider murdering a pregnant woman to be taking two lives . Madison County District Attorney Michael Guest asked the panel of nine women and three men to sentence Hughes to death based on the gruesome nature of Banks ' murder . Banks , 27 , was found lying in a pool of blood on November 29 , 2006 , in the garage of the Ridgeland home she shared with Keyon Pittman , the father of her unborn child . She was five months pregnant . She had been shot four times in the leg , chest and head , and then stabbed multiple times in the face and neck as she lay dying , according to medical testimony . Prosecutors alleged that Hughes killed Banks so she could have Pittman , a colleague at Chastain Middle School in Jackson , to herself . "  She took Avis Banks ' life and the life of her unborn child because she wanted that life , " the prosecutor said . The jury deliberated Wednesday for about an hour to decide on the sentence after hearing emotional testimony from seven defense witnesses , including her parents . "  Carla has been a kind , loving person all her life , " said Carl Hughes , who adopted his daughter when she was 6 weeks old . "  I 'm not asking you , I 'm pleading with you , to spare my daughter 's life , " said Hughes , who is also a teacher . He said that the person portrayed by prosecutors as a cold-blooded killer was completely different from the accomplished honors student , equestrian and beauty pageant contestant that he knew and loved . Hughes ' pastor and friends also took the stand to describe her work mentoring youths , volunteering at church and at the school where she met the victim 's husband . Suspicion initially fell on Pittman , who admitted to having an affair with Hughes , a language arts teacher . A key prosecution witness , Pittman told the jury he began seeing Hughes one month after finding out his girlfriend was pregnant . He testified that the two met frequently in Hughes ' home and even went out of town together , but he insisted the relationship was based solely on sex . Throughout the trial , defense lawyers maintained her innocence and attempted to cast blame on Pittman , portraying him as a womanizer seeking to avoid the burden of fatherhood . Prosecutors alleged the murder weapons connected Hughes to the crime . The defendant 's cousin testified that he lent her a knife and a loaded .38 caliber revolver the weekend before Banks ' death . Ballistics tests matched the bullets from Banks ' body to the gun , which Hughes returned unloaded to her cousin after her first interview with police . None of Banks ' relatives testified at the sentencing . Instead , the jury heard from a forensic pathologist , who described the nature of Banks ' injuries . Madison County Deputy District Attorney John Emfinger urged the jury to look past Hughes ' prior achievements and focus on the crime in rendering its sentence . "  In my mind , this overshadows everything else she 's done in life . She took the lives of two people in that garage , " he said in his closing argument Wednesday . "  When that door opened ,  Avis Banks  was not met by a beauty pageant winner , she was not met by a member of the mayor 's youth council , she was not met by a peacemaker . ... She was met by a stone-cold killer , " he said . In Session 's Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	Same jury that convicted Carla Hughes of murder declines to impose death penalty Prosecutors said gruesome nature of crime warranted death sentence Avis Banks was five months pregnant when she was shot , stabbed multiple times Prosecutors alleged Hughes killed rival so she could be with Keyon Pittman
CNN  -- Although residents often like to joke that it is , the mosquito is n't actually Alaska 's official state bird .  That 'd be the willow ptarmigan . You also wo n't see many coconut trees growing in the far north . Judging by signage along Grande Drive in Denali , Alaska , however , you might not necessarily know those things . Appearing along the steep , winding ascent to the top of Sugarloaf Mountain , road signs depicting giant mosquitoes carrying off human prey and warning of falling coconuts are clearly meant to get a laugh out of drivers . Just less than a mile long and costing about $ 1 million to build , the mostly dirt road  some sharp corners are paved  leads to the Grande Denali Lodge . Construction on the road began in 2000 ; the hotel opened in 2002 . Installed in stages over the past four or five years , according to Grande Denali Lodge general manager Joe Merrill , the signs were the brainchild of Dennis Brandon , a marketing consultant for the hotel who has a long history in the hospitality industry in Alaska . "  The collection has been added to each year , " says Merrill . "  The ideas  for the signs  now come out of different peoples ' minds . " Tiny town , big mountains More a small collection of businesses than a town , the bulk of Denali  also unofficially referred to as "  The Canyon " and Glitter Gulch  is located less than two miles from the entrance to Denali National Park and Preserve . The park is home to some of the greatest wildlife viewing opportunities in the world -- grizzly bear , moose , Dall sheep , caribou , 35 other species of mammals and 169 species of birds are often visible from the park 's single road in spring , summer and fall . The park 's centerpiece is Mount McKinley  also called "  Denali "  , North America 's highest peak at 20,237 feet  6,168 meters  . The village of Denali has only about 160 year-round residents . Those numbers swell during the summer season when area hotels , restaurants and shops reopen with the spring thaw and start of the tourist season . Located at the top of Grande Drive , Grande Denali Lodge is one of the area 's largest hotels . It 's Alpenglow Restaurant and Lounge has an outdoor deck from which visitors can take in monster views facing southward toward the park entrance . As for the broader purpose of the signs , Merrill suggests it 's about more than just laughs . "  I guess they 're also a way to take peoples ' attention away from the side of the road with the cliffs , " he says . "  I 'm pretty sure we 're not done with the signs . Stay tuned to see what our warped minds come up with next . "	Drivers ascending Grande Drive in Denali , Alaska , are kept entertained by a succession of unexpected signs Sings warn of falling coconuts and killer moose . One is more likely than the other The near mile-long dirt road up Sugarloaf Mountain cost about $ 1 million to build
CNN  -- Contraband alcohol is believed to have sickened at least seven Arizona inmates , who are receiving antitoxins for suspected botulism poisoning , officials said Tuesday . Pinal County communications director Heather Murphy said inmates began showing symptoms at the Arizona State Prison Complex Eyman in Florence . Four inmates become seriously ill Saturday . By Monday , seven inmates were in intensive care , all suffering from some form of paralysis , officials said . "  It is suspected that the inmates came in contact with the toxin from homemade prison ` hooch , ' made from fermented fruit , " said Murphy . An eighth inmate was transported for observation , but Murphy said "  his condition has not reached a threshold that the medical team and CDC believe antitoxin should be administered . " The affected pod houses about 15 inmates . Pinal County and state corrections officials were working to isolate and eliminate the source of the suspected botulism . Samples of the suspected contraband alcohol , often called "  pruno , " have been sent to the Centers for Disease Control of Prevention for testing . Results may take about a week . According to the CDC , botulism is "  a rare but serious paralytic illness caused by a nerve toxin " and can be fatal . Symptoms can include "  double vision , blurred vision , drooping eyelids , slurred speech , difficulty swallowing , dry mouth , and muscle weakness " in patients . Bill Lamoreaux , a spokesman for the state corrections department , said preventative measures will include educating prisoners about the dangers of contraband alcohol and searches to ensure it ca n't be manufactured or consumed . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Inmates become ill at Arizona state prison They are being treated for suspected botulism poisoning Officials believe prison "  hooch " is the culprit
CNN  -- The daughter of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. said Thursday that her brothers wo n't take King 's Nobel Peace Prize and traveling Bible from her without a fight . Bernice King alleges her brothers Dexter King and Martin Luther King III want to sell the objects , and she told reporters that she wo n't stand by to let it happen . The slain civil rights icon 's estate -- controlled by his sons -- filed a complaint in Fulton County Superior Court in Atlanta last week to force Bernice King to turn over the items . "  Not on my watch , " she said at Atlanta 's Ebenezer Baptist Church , where her father preached . And to anyone who would shake their head at yet another court battle between the King siblings , Bernice has a message : "  I would appreciate it if you would refrain from grouping me with my brothers , " she said . "  They are my brothers , and I do love them . But we are different people , different perspective and different positions . And that should be respected . " The complaint filed Friday says that King 's heirs agreed in 1995 to give up their inheritance to the Estate of Martin Luther King Jr. . Inc. , but that Bernice King has "  secreted and sequestered " the items in question . The estate wants the civil rights leader 's 1964 Nobel Peace Prize and his traveling Bible , which was used by President Barack Obama when he was sworn in for his second term . Bernice King said Thursday that her brothers told her on January 20 that they wanted the items so they could sell them . The complaint does not mention the possibility of a sale , and CNN 's attempts to contact the King brothers have been unsuccessful . "  I stand here in  my father 's  stead as biological and spiritual heir to say these items should never be sold to any person ... or any institution , because they are sacred , " she said . "  We have no right to sell our birthright , nor the birthright of  past and future  generations , " she said . Before Obama used it during his second inauguration , the Bible was on display at The King Center in Atlanta , Bernice King told CNN Thursday . She is the center 's CEO . She said she hopes to display it again , but for now is keeping it and the Nobel prize in a location she is n't disclosing . Her fight , she said , is not motivated by sibling rivalry , but by principal . And she said she hopes she and her brothers can reconcile . When a reporter asked where this would end , she answered : "  That 's the same question I ask God every day . " This is not the first time the family has been at odds over King 's legacy . Over the years , the siblings have sued and counter-sued one another . Bernice King and Martin Luther King III sued Dexter King in 2008 , accusing him of converting "  substantial funds from the estate 's financial account at Bank of America " for his own use . They later agreed to a settlement and avoided a public trial . CNN 's Dana Ford , Tristan Smith and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	The civil rights leader 's estate filed a complaint to force Bernice King to turn over the items She says her brothers want them to sell them "  Not on my watch , " she says The siblings have sued and countersued one another , including 2008 filing
CNN  -- For far too long , according to Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus , his committee was nothing more than "  a U-Haul trailer of money for a presidential nominee " who lacked a permanent , sustainable presence in crucial states . "  We had been a party that has shown up once every four years about five months before an election , " Priebus told CNN , arguing that no matter how much money you have , that model wo n't work and has n't worked in recent years . So after the drubbing the party took at the ballot box in 2012 -- failing to win the White House and losing seats in the House -- Priebus ordered a much-talked about top-down review of the party in an effort to stop Republicans for taking big losses during presidential elections . The report -- titled the "  Growth & Opportunity Plan " -- was stark and blunt , challenging the Republican Party to make substantial changes to the way it interacted with voters . Republicans want to end perception as ` stuffy old men ' Less than a year after the report was released and as Republicans nationally venture to Washington for the group 's winter confab , Priebus and other Republican leaders are looking back on 2013 and heralding the moves they made in implementing their plan . "  A lot of it comes down to mechanics , " Priebus said . "  Here is the point , if you are not in Hispanic communities on a year-round basis . If you do n't represent those congressional districts , if you do n't represent those Senate districts , who is there ? Who is there telling the story of the Republican Party , of opportunity and freedom . " There are fundamental areas that RNC re-tooling has focused on : improving a lackluster ground game , growing Republican standing in minority communities , investing in a data infrastructure and revamping the GOP primary system . All of this , Priebus and others said , is in an effort to turn into a year-round organization with a sustainable presence in crucial states . After President Barack Obama beat Republican nominee Mitt Romney on the way to winning reelection in 2012 , many in the party felt changes needed to be made . As the GOP report touts on one of its first pages , it had "  lost the popular vote in five of the last six presidential elections " and Obama just won the Hispanic vote by a whopping 44 % , African Americans by over 80 % and Asians by 47 % . In response to these losses , according to Jennifer Korn , the RNC 's deputy political director and the head of demographic specific outreach , the party has put minority engagement staff in sixteen states . The RNC is especially proud of that - pointing out that 78 % of the RNC 's political staff is outside of Washington , D.C. , -- but not fully satisfied . If they had their way , the RNC would have this demographic specific staff in all 50 states . And Korn believes this plan has already been a success , pointing to the fact that Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey won 50 % of the Hispanic vote on the way to his reelection in 2013 . Korn , who came to the RNC after running similar outreach programs in the George W. Bush White House , said the results were particularly stark in heavily Hispanic Passaic County , New Jersey , a county Christie turned red in 2013 . "  This is a permanent , year round effort , " Korn said . "  We will be in these communities to not only ask for their vote , but to build relationships and listen to their concerns . " But not all recommendations outlined in the report have been followed . On the top of that list : the report 's suggestion that Republicans should "  embrace and champion comprehensive immigration reform . " "  If we do not , our party 's appeal will continue to shrink to its core constituencies only , " wrote the five Republican authors of the report , which also stated that the RNC believes "  comprehensive immigration reform " is "  consistent " with Republican policies to "  promote job growth and opportunity for all . " After passing the Senate , immigration reform has stalled in the Republican controlled House . What 's more , Republican 's who supported the measure - like Florida Sen. Marco Rubio - have taken a beating with the party 's base for that support . Reid : Boehner will compromise on immigration reform The other much talked about suggestion , that Republicans need to alter their tone when talking about certain issues , has proven hard to change . "  It 's not just what we say ; it 's how we say it , " Priebus said when the report was published . But a number of high profile comments have undermined the GOP effort . Examples : When Rep. Steve King of Iowa told Newsmax that Mexican immigrants have "  calves the size of cantaloupes because they 're hauling 75 pounds of marijuana across the desert " or when Rep. Trent Frank of Arizona said "  the incidence of rape resulting in pregnancy are very low . " Priebus , who has called out some of the more outlandish comments , seems to just shrug this off with the fact that the RNC has only been at this for less than a year . "  This idea that somehow the committee itself is taking on the entire world upon its shoulders and has to carpet the world " is not realistic , Preibus told CNN on Wednesday , the first day of the meeting . "  In one year , is the world carpeted ? No . But we are making fundamental changes at a historic level that no one can deny . " Democrats have watched this rebranding with amusement . Every time someone like King makes an eye-popping statement or when the RNC , like it is doing this week , considers a resolution that encourages candidates to be more vocal on the anti-abortion stance , Democrats have questioned the validity of the plan . In an e-mail on Tuesday , Marcy Stech , spokeswoman for Emily 's List , a liberal woman 's group , said the RNC abortion proposal shows the party is "  misfiring on that rebrand " and "  Republicans are yet again focusing on rhetoric over reason . " "  This is yet another example of the Republican Party being tone-deaf to American voters and trying to solve a policy problem with a fake , PR solution , " Stech wrote . "  Maybe , in 2014 , they should be taking a stronger look at the policies that women and their families actually want , and not how much or how little to talk to them about the ones they do n't . " Priebus , quite expectedly , does n't see it that way . Instead of saying the resolution pushes Republicans to talk about their pro-life stances , the chairman said the idea is that "  the point of the resolution is do n't stand there like s sitting duck , like a fool , and get punched in the face " when Democrats challenge Republican on abortion . While tone and demographic outreach have been the most talked about aspects of the RNC changes , the committee has also tried to shore up other deficiencies that hurt them in 2012 . Kirsten Kurkowski , the RNC 's spokeswoman , said the party has "  fundamentally reshaped our ground game structure to be community-based and bottom up , " is "  closing the digital divide with a multi-million dollar investment in technology " and has "  united behind the need for changes in the debate system . " The debate system as been an important , albeit quiet , focus of the RNC after the 2012 loss . For much of 2013 , a handful of party officials pushed batch rules aimed at streamlining a chaotic presidential nominating process that many party insiders viewed as damaging to the their campaign for the White House in 2012 . Those rules are to be considered and voted on at this week 's RNC meeting . "  I do n't think we need a six-month slice and dice festival on our party , " Priebus said . "  I think we need some compression on both ends to shorten the time period of the primary . And like I said , look I ca n't always control people 's mouths but we can have some control over how long we have to kill each other . " As for more comments that strike a tone the RNC would rather not take , most GOP committee members in Washington for the winter meeting know they are inevitable . "  We wrote a report and certainly we advocated people being smart about what they say , but we do n't have a magic wand , " said RNC Committeeman Henry Barbour . "  I think that is where we have to keep fighting that fight . We have to keep educating our members , or governors , as well as our candidates , to think about what you say and how you say it . " His advice to members who have a penchant for strong statements : "  Speak in a way that unites people and is not shrill . Shrill does n't sell . "	After losses in 2012 , RNC Chair Reince Priebus ordered a review of the GOP at the national level In 2013 , the RNC released a report titled the "  Growth & Opportunity Plan " Nearly a year after the report 's release , the GOP has increased minority outreach efforts But it has n't embraced immigration reform and is struggling with messaging directed at women voters
CNN  -- Local security forces and coalition soldiers in western Afghanistan killed several insurgents Thursday in what the NATO command called a "  successful operation against high-priority Taliban targets . " British troops detain suspected Taliban Militants during a recent operation in Afghanistan . The operation took place in the Shindand district of Herat province . Two Taliban leaders , Haji Dawlat Khan and Haji Nasrullah Khan , and "  significant number of other insurgents " were killed , according to a statement from NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . It added there was no evidence of civilian casualties or accidental damage in the operation , in which a "  number of men were discovered handcuffed and imprisoned in appalling conditions in one of the insurgent compounds . " The incident reflects the increasing violence between troops and Taliban militants across Afghanistan and the growing concern in the United States that the war there should be more of a priority than it has been . Since May , the deaths of U.S. and allied troops have far outpaced the toll in Iraq . On Thursday , the toll in Afghanistan was 21 compared to six in Iraq . The International Security Assistance Force did not provide the nationality of the soldier who died in Afghanistan Thursday . Two top Pentagon officials said Wednesday they expect to be able to recommend more troop reductions in Iraq this fall and will try to find ways to increase troops in Afghanistan . One of the toughest fronts in the war has been the southern province of Helmand . The British Defense Ministry said its troops in southern Afghanistan killed a senior Taliban leader , two weeks after another leading militant died in a British missile attack . Mullah Bismullah Akhund was killed Saturday in the Now Zad district of Helmand , long a Taliban bastion . The Defense Ministry , in a statement on Wednesday , called Bismullah "  a senior key facilitator and logistician responsible for the northern Helmand region . " The ministry says his death will disrupt the Taliban 's leadership structure and hamper the group 's ability to conduct attacks . "  He is believed to have commanded numerous fighters and was identified by Task Force Helmand as a key player in the insurgency , and criminality , before the strike , " according to ISAF . British troops , which are part of the assistance force , announced the killing on Thursday . Saturday 's operation occurred 15 days after British troops killed another senior Taliban militant , Sadiqullah , in an Apache missile strike . "  Bismullah was closely associated with local Taliban leader Mullah Rahim , whose brother was also killed during this operation , " ISAF said . The Defense Ministry said that "  combined with the elimination of Sadiqullah , this is the most significant blow struck against the Taliban logistics and facilitation chain in northern Helmand this year . " The U.S.-led coalition said it also is investigating an airstrike in western Afghanistan 's Farah province . Launched after a coalition convoy was attacked Tuesday , it struck a house and killed eight civilians . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NATO : 2 Taliban leaders and "  significant number of insurgents " were killed UK said its troops in S. Afghanistan killed another senior Taliban leader Mullah Bismullah Akhund described as "  a senior key facilitator and logistician " W. Afghanistan : Airstrike launched after a coalition convoy was attacked
CNN  -- Over the centuries , British monarchs have listed their preferred tradesmen and brands , stamping them with a seal of approval known as the Royal Warrant . The warrant -- covering products such as cereals , soaps , sauces , chocolates , cars and clothing -- can only be granted by three members of the family : The Queen , the Duke of Edinburgh and the Prince of Wales . It is now held by 850 brands , and allows the businesses to advertise that they supply goods or services to the royal household . New research from Brand Finance estimates the system injects an extra Â # 4 billion to the UK economy . Further , those companies which hold the warrant together enjoy a reputational boost worth around Â # 400 million , according to the Brand Finance research . Well-established brands like Jaguar , Weetabix , Heinz , or Carphone Warehouse may reap largely reputational benefits , while smaller brands can enjoy a significant financial boost from the recognition . "  It certainly helps people have confidence in the company without a doubt , especially with our traditional markets , state insignias and stuff like that , " said Fiona Toye , CEO of Toye Kenning & Spencer , a family business which has been making military trimmings for more than 300 years , and was given the warrant in 1956 . She added : "  They look at the Royal Warrant and say ` yes , what is good enough for the queen is good enough for us . ' "  I think there is enormous respect for the British crown and queen all over the world and some of that rubs off on those companies that have the mark of approval from the crown . It 's a worldwide mark of quality . " Toye Kenning & Spencer is making around 200,000 medals for the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee , a huge order which has boosted the company even as it struggles with a 30 % decline in core business over the last decade . The company has suffered as traditional clients such as defence ministries tighten their budgets , while societies and clubs face declining memberships . Toye Kenning & Spencer has responded by diversifying into fashion and expanding overseas , using its Royal Warrant as a calling card . They have found that their royal endorsement has helped them build a big export book , and develop a lucrative market in the Middle East . Such customers demand the very highest of quality but they are also willing to pay the price for the bespoke craftsmanship , John Jenkins , master weaver at Toye Kenning & Spencer , said .	850 brands hold the Royal Warrant , most are British but a handful are from overseas Three royals can grant the warrant ; the Queen , the Duke of Edinburgh and the Prince of Wales According to new research , the Royal Warrant scheme is worth Â # 4 billion
Two Brooklyn men who have spent the last 21 years in prison for three murders that DNA evidence suggests they did not commit were released Thursday on consent of the Brooklyn district attorney . Anthony Yarbough , 39 , and Sharrif Wilson , 37 , were arrested in June 1992 in the slaying Yarbough 's 40-year-old mother , his 12-year-old sister and another 12-year-old girl in a Coney Island housing project . "  In this case , my office examined newly discovered scientific evidence that was not available at the time of the trial , " Brooklyn District Attorney Kenneth P. Thompson said in statement to CNN . "  My obligation under the law is to determine whether this new information , had it been known and presented at trial , would have been more likely than not to cause the trial jury to return a different verdict . " In 2013 , new DNA evidence from under Yarbough 's mother 's fingernails matched sperm from the 1999 unsolved rape and murder of Migdalia Ruiz of Brooklyn , according to an investigation by the Medical Examiner 's office . Yarbough and Wilson were already incarcerated when the 1999 rape and murder occurred , according to Adam Perlmutter , Wilson 's attorney . "  Based on this new evidence , I believe a jury would have been more likely to return a different verdict , " Thompson said . Zachary Margulis-Ohuma , Yarbough 's attorney , is glad justice has finally been served . "  Anybody looking at this evidence with an open mind would see that there is no chance in the world that Tony murdered his mother and these two little girls , " Margulis-Ohuma said . According to Margulis-Ohuma , this case was "  easy " with such "  obvious evidence of innocence . " Margulis-Ohuma hopes Thompson will devote the resources in the future to investigate the "  harder " cases . Yarbough was just 18 , and Wilson only 15 , when they were accused of murder . Yarbough came home after a night out and discovered the victims choked to death with electrical cords and stabbed multiple times . The two young girls had been partially undressed , according to Perlmutter . Yarbough 's mother , Annie , his sister Chavonn Barnes , and Chavonn 's friend Latsaha Knox were killed . Brooklyn detectives placed Yarbough and Wilson into separate interview rooms and coerced false confessions from the two teens , who were later convicted in separate trials . Yarbough was sentenced to 75 years to life in prison . Wilson was offered a deal by the district attorney 's office for a nine-years-to-life sentence , but his case was disputed after he wrote Yarbough 's family in 2005 saying that he had lied at the trial . Yarbough 's attorney and the district attorney 's office began revisiting the case in 2010 . Thompson came into office in January with promises to restore justice to the wrongfully convicted . This case is part of a review of Brooklyn killings from the 1980s and early 1990s . "  I 'm feeling really blessed right , " Yarbough said . "  I was extremely anxious and nervous . I did n't know what was going to happen . There were so many setbacks . " When asked about his relationship with Wilson , Yarbough said he has no animosity . "  I 'm happy that he 's out . I wish him and his family nothing but the best , " Yarbough said . Yarbough says he does not know what his next step will be . At this time , after years behind bars , Yarbough is happy to move on . "  It was hard to keep my hopes up , but God is good now , I 'm out now , I 'm free , thank God , " Yarbough said .	Anthony Yarbough and Sharrif Wilson were convicted in a 1992 triple murder The men have spent 21 years in prison in the deaths of Yarbough 's mom , two girls New DNA evidence suggests another killer , who committed a crime while they were in prison "  It was hard to keep my hopes up , but God is good now , I 'm out now , " Yarbough said
CNN  -- Argentina star Gonzalo Higuain has made a surprise return to Real Madrid 's squad for Saturday 's La Liga match against Sporting Gijon , but the Spanish giants fear Cristiano Ronaldo could be ruled out of their next two games . Ronaldo , who has scored 27 goals in 27 league matches this season , has a hamstring problem which could see him miss Tuesday 's European Champions League quarterfinal first leg against Tottenham Hotspur in the Bernabeu . The 26-year-old has been joined on the sidelines by France striker Karim Benzema and Brazil defender Marcelo and the trio look certain to miss this weekend 's match as well as the clash with English Premier League Spurs . "  Regarding Cristiano , Marcelo and Benzema , they will only be available to play against Bilbao -LSB- on April 9 -RSB- . That is what the reports that the medical staff say , " coach Jose Mournho told the club 's official website . Higuain , 23 , underwent surgery in January for a slipped disc he suffered in November and initially returned to training in February . "  Not even the best forecasts could have predicted that Higuain would be ready to play so quickly , " Mourinho added . "  We are very happy for him . His recovery is an important and positive surprise . His rehab was a well-organized process . It 's a great surprise because we may have as many as 15 matches left to play and he is an important addition . " The nine-time European champions are currently second in the Spanish La Liga table heading into their contest with Sporting , five points behind arch rivals Barcelona . Tottenham boss Harry Redknapp also has injury worries , with winger Gareth Bale and central defender William Gallas both doubts for the Madrid clash . Bale , who has scored four goals in Europe 's premier club competition this season , has a hamstring problem , while France international William Gallas is battling an injury to his knee . When asked whether the duo , who have been ruled out of Saturday 's English Premier League clash with Wigan , would feature against Real , Redknapp told Spurs ' website : "  We 'll have to wait and see . "  Gareth 's hamstring is still tight and you can never tell with a hamstring injury , until you really push it , you are not sure . William is struggling at the moment . " Tottenham , currently fifth in England 's top flight , are battling with Roberto Mancini 's Manchester City for fourth position and a place in next season 's Champions League . City , who are four points ahead of Spurs in fourth place , have been hit with their own injury blow , with the news Germany defender Jerome Boateng could be out for the rest of the campaign . Boateng , who joined City from Hamburg in June 2010 , will require an operation on a knee injury sustained while playing in Germany 's win over Kazahkstan on Saturday .	Gonzalo Higuain has returned to the Real Madrid squad for their match with Gijon Cristiano Ronaldo , Karim Benzema and Marcelo are all set to miss the match The injured trio also look unlikely to feature in the Champions League on Tuesday Their opponents , Tottenham could be without William Gallas and Gareth Bale
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Police early Friday arrested 13 people suspected of trying to rebuild a youth wing of the outlawed Basque separatist group ETA , which was dismantled a year ago with dozens of arrests , the Interior Ministry said . The youth organization , also outlawed and known as SEGI , is considered the "  training ground for the terrorist group , " the ministry said in a statement . The latest arrests came as police continued their crackdown against ETA and its supporters , despite ETA 's cease-fire of "  armed offensive actions " announced last September 5 . The Spanish government and major political parties have said the cease-fire is not enough because ETA has broken them in the past . The government and the parties demanded a definitive statement from ETA to end its decades-long violence forever and lay down its arms under a verifiable disarmament process . ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for Basque independence and is listed as a terrorist group by the United States and the European Union . Three hundred police officers took part in the arrests Friday of the 13 suspects , who are aged 20 to 29 and include at least one woman . The raids occurred in four northern Spanish provinces with historic Basque roots and one in Barcelona , the ministry statement said . The youth organization SEGI is blamed for fomenting so-called low-level street violence , such as the burning of municipal buses and automated teller machines , in support of Basque independence . Authorities say that some of those activists later go on to become fully-fledged ETA members who carry out shootings and car bombings . In November 2009 , police arrested 34 suspected SEGI leaders and considered that the youth wing had been largely dismantled at the time . Before Friday 's raids , police had already arrested about 20 suspected ETA members or collaborators since ETA 's declaration on September 5 .	Arrests came in northern Spain Youth group considered "  training ground " for ETA
CNN  -- The family of a boy who is believed to have set adrift a balloon in Colorado is known for storm chasing and conducting extreme science experiments together , according to the father 's MySpace page . The Heene family , known for storm chasing together , appeared on ABC 's "  Wife Swap . " Richard Heene describes himself in his profile as a storm chaser and the host of a documentary series and radio show that investigates "  the mysteries of science . " The Fort Collins family was also featured on the ABC show "  Wife Swap . " "  When the Heene family are n't chasing storms , they devote their time to scientific experiments that include looking for extraterrestrials and building a research-gathering flying saucer to send into the eye of the storm , " the show 's Web site said . The flying balloon created a wave of worry after officials believed that one of the Heenes ' sons had climbed inside before it became untethered and flew away . When the helium balloon finally landed , CNN affiliate KMGH-TV reported , no one was aboard . Officials said Thursday that the boy was found in a box in the attic at his family 's Fort Collins home , according to authorities . A neighbor who identified himself as Mark told KMGH that Thursday morning he saw the family outside working on the balloon together . An undated picture on the site shows the family standing behind an object that appears similar to that seen flying above Colorado . Heene is a self-described obsessed "  science detective " working with a former meteorologist to try to track storms in hopes of helping and working toward more accurate weather forecasting . Who are the Heenes ? " In 2005 , he flew around Hurricane Wilma 's perimeter , and in 2007 he told the Denver Post he hoped his work would help save lives down the line . The Heenes conduct elaborate storm-chasing experiments as a family , he told the Post . "  I think they really are having fun , " Mayumi Heene , Richard 's wife , told the Denver Post of her children . "  They get so much more that they ca n't get from any other entertainment . " Richard Heene has always thought his kids should be able to be kids -- and enjoy life while they are young . "  To some people , it may sound dangerous , but my family is never put in harm 's way , " Richard Heene told the Fort Collins Coloradoan when he was being featured on "  Wife Swap . " He said he tracks the storms direction and location and makes sure his family would never be at risk . "  I 'm the only one ever in danger , " he said .	Dad of boy who untethered balloon is storm chaser , "  science detective " Richard Heene , wife and boys conducted extreme experiments together Dad said that despite appearance of danger , "  my family is never put in harm 's way " "  Wife Swap " family spent time making "  research-gathering flying saucer "
CNN  -- Brazil legend Pele has been threatened with court action unless he retracts a reported allegation that compatriot Robinho , the Manchester City striker , has taken drugs . Robinho is "  upset and disappointed " at comments attributed to Pele regarding the use of drugs . Pele had claimed Robinho and Brazil 's former world footballer of the year Ronaldo used recreational drugs at a private party in Sao Paolo . Robinho 's official Web site says the player is "  upset and disappointed " at Pele whose alleged comments came during a court case involving his son , Edinho , was has admitted cocaine addiction . The story hit the headlines in Brazil and Robinho ´ s Web site says "  that a formal retraction from Pele will be requested , if what he said was not misinterpreted by the media that published it . And if Pele does not come forward , he will have to deal with his very unfortunate comment in court . The statement by the player 's representatives , added : "  Robinho is upset and disappointed at Pele , who seems to have forgotten the great idol he was and that it appears Pele must be reading sensationlist medias , to come up with such wrongful statement . " Brazilian radio station , Jovem Pan , had quoted Pele as saying that : "  It is unfair to talk about drugs in football just because of one or two cases , like Robinho and  former Brazil striker  Ronaldo , who had that problem . "	Pele threatened with court action unless he retracts reported drug accusations He reportedly alleged fellow Brazilians Robinho and Ronaldo had taken drugs Robinho 's representatives say a formal retraction will be requested from Pele
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has backed an Arizona law that punishes businesses hiring illegal immigrants , a law that opponents , including the Obama administration , say steps on traditional federal oversight over immigration matters . The 5-3 ruling Thursday is a victory for supporters of immigration reform on the state level . It was the first high court challenge to a variety of recent state laws cracking down on illegal immigrants , an issue that has become a political lightning rod . The outcome could serve as a judicial warmup for a separate high-profile challenge to a more controversial Arizona immigration reform law working its way through lower courts . That statute would , among other things , give local police a greater role in arresting suspected illegal immigrants . The hiring case turned on whether state law tramples on federal authority . "  Arizona has taken the route least likely to cause tension with federal law , " wrote Chief Justice John Roberts . "  It relies solely on the federal government 's own determination of who is an unauthorized alien , and it requires Arizona employers to use the federal government 's own system for checking employee status . " Arizona passed the Legal Arizona Workers Act in 2007 , allowing the state to suspend the licenses of businesses that "  intentionally or knowingly " violate work-eligibility verification requirements . Companies would be required under that law to use E-Verify , a federal database to check the documentation of current and prospective employees . That database had been created by Congress as a voluntary , discretionary resource . The U.S. Chamber of Commerce filed a lawsuit against the state , arguing that federal law prohibits Arizona and other states from making E-Verify use mandatory . The group was supported by a variety of civil rights and immigration rights groups . The state countered that its broad licensing authority gives it the right to monitor businesses within its jurisdiction . The Obama administration recommended a judicial review and sided with businesses and civil rights groups . A 1986 federal act significantly limited state power to separately regulate the hiring and employment of "  unauthorized " workers . An exception was made for local "  licensing and similar laws . " Under the law , employees are required to review documentation to confirm someone 's right to work in the United States , including checking the familiar I-9 immigration form . Civil and criminal penalties were strengthened , but businesses making a "  good faith " effort to comply with I-9 procedures were generally immune from prosecution . Roberts , backed by his four conservative colleagues , said , "  Arizona went the extra mile in ensuring that its law tracks  the federal law 's  provisions in all material aspects . " In dissent , Justice Sonia Sotomayor noted E-Verify is a voluntary program and said criticism that the federal government is not doing enough to enforce the law is irrelevant . "  Permitting states to make use of E-Verify mandatory improperly puts states in the position of making decisions ... that directly affect expenditure and depletion of federal resources , " she wrote . Justices Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg also dissented . Justice Elena Kagan did not participate in the case , since she had been the administration 's solicitor general last year when the case was being appealed to the high court . Gov. Jan Brewer had backed the law , saying in December when the case was argued , "  The bottom line is that we believe that if the  federal  government is n't going to do the job , then Arizona is going to do the job . We are faced with a crisis . " This case could serve as a bellwether to how the court will view a larger , more controversial state immigration law from Arizona . Much of that statute was tossed out by a federal judge in August and is pending at a federal appeals court . It would , among other things , give police authority to check a person 's immigration status if officers have a "  reasonable suspicion " that the individual is in the country illegally . One human rights group , the Border Action Network of Tucson , called the ruling dangerous because it could promote anti-immigrant atmosphere . "  Arizona 's residents and businesses have suffered enough in the wake of unnecessary immigration enforcement legislation , " Jennifer Allen , executive director of Border Action Network , said . "  This decision will only exacerbate those struggles , as it could be misinterpreted by Arizona politicians with unwarranted anti-immigrant agendas as a license to enact measures that increase bureaucracy , slow down business operations and erode the civil rights of job seekers , who could now be denied an employment opportunity because of their last name , " she said . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	The high court ruled 5-3 in favor of the state law The law punishes businesses hiring illegal aliens Roberts : "  Arizona has taken the route least likely to cause tension with federal law "
Washington  CNN  -- Faced with a divided public over his signature legislative achievement , President Barack Obama on Wednesday hailed the health care reform bill passed in March as important for helping both the government and the American people deal with rising medical costs . The measure endured a bitter political fight that saw no Republicans vote for its final approval , and recent polls show it remains controversial as Democrats face congressional elections in November amid a tough climate due to lingering economic woes . Obama , at a carefully orchestrated meeting with people who have benefited from health care reform , told them that their stories are the best way to counter what one participant called "  misinformation " spread by opponents of the measure . "  We are now actually able to provide some help to the American people , " Obama said , noting new provisions under the bill that take effect Thursday -- the six-month anniversary of the day he signed it into law . The new provisions will end lifetime limits on coverage ; ensure coverage of children with pre-existing medical conditions ; allow parents to keep children on their policies until the age of 26 ; halt the practice of rescission , in which insurance companies drop coverage for arbitrary reasons ; and cover preventive health practices , Obama said . Responding to a Republican argument that the health care bill represents a government takeover of health care , Obama said the bill 's provisions are instead "  designed to make sure you 're getting what you paid for . " Democrats had planned to tout the health care bill 's passage in their campaigns for the November 2 election , but some are backing off because of some people 's continued negative perceptions . According to a CBS News/New York Times survey conducted this month , almost half of respondents said they did not approve of the measure while 37 percent said they approved . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. national poll conducted in early September indicated that 46 percent of the public says that Democrats in Congress will do a better job on health care , while 45 percent say congressional Republicans will do a better job on the issue . Republican leaders are calling for the measure to be repealed , or at least diminished , if their party wins control of Congress in November . They say it will increase health care costs for businesses and individuals , hurting the economy . A group of House Republicans who are doctors said later Wednesday that some of the new benefits cited by Obama are good , but the measure still should be repealed . "  These are the kind of things that the American people understand , " said Rep. Phil Gingrey , R-Georgia , adding that such benefits did n't need "  a 2,400-page bill " to enact them . "  When we go back and repeal , we will keep these things , " Gingrey said . Obama repeated arguments from the debate over the bill , saying how the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office predicted the reforms would eventually reduce the government burden for health care costs by up to $ 1 trillion . He noted how the plan also helps senior citizens with prescription drug costs , first by a $ 250 check paid this year and later by eliminating a current gap in coverage . Obama 's appearance was intended to highlight how the reforms have directly helped American families . Held in the back yard of a Virginia home , it featured people from all over the country provided microphones to relate their experiences and ask questions . Gail O'Brien of Keene , New Hampshire , told how she had no health coverage when diagnosed in March with high grade non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , a form of cancer . Because of the health reform law , she put off treatment until July , when insurance companies were banned from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions , she said . Now she feels great , she said , thanking Obama because "  if it was n't for this bill , I probably would not have been feeling great because I would have been so stressed out worrying about how we would pay for my medical bills . " Obama mentioned the call by House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , to repeal the health care bill and said Boehner should have to look O'Brien in the eye and tell her , "  Sorry , Gail , you ca n't afford health insurance . " "  I do n't think that 's what this country stands for , " Obama said . He emphasized how the health care bill helps small businesses by providing tax breaks to those that provide coverage to their workers . Two of the participants backed him up by saying that before the bill , they faced the choice of either dropping coverage for their workers or going out of business . Betsy Burton , who runs the King 's English book store in Salt Lake City , Utah , said the bill "  makes a massive difference in the state of our business " and asked what could be done about the misinformation against the bill . Jim Houser of Portland , Oregon , said health care premiums for his 14 workers doubled over the last seven years , but the tax credits now lowered the cost to 2008 levels . "  That 's like a time machine in terms of our premiums , " Houser said , adding it would allow him to keep providing coverage for his employees . Another woman told how she was able to get coverage for her young son despite a serious eye condition . Dawn Josephson of Jacksonville , Florida , remembered being shocked when she realized the insurance company could no longer deny coverage due to a pre-existing condition . "  I said , ` Wow , something affected me personally from the government , " Josephson said . "  Thank you and everyone for pushing this through . " Obama concluded the gathering by telling how his daughter Sasha contracted meningitis when 3 months old , and his feeling of desperation as she was hospitalized and he wondered how he could have paid for it without health insurance . "  That 's what this is about , " he said , adding : "  Ultimately , the thing that 's most important is we 've just got to give people some basic peace of mind . " Before the event , Obama met with state insurance commissioners to discuss how the bill was affecting their work and the ability of states to deal with the changes . Some noted that meeting timelines for changes in the legislation would cost states significant resources , while the commissioner from North Carolina cited a benefit . Policies carrying excess contract reserves have been renegotiated at lower rates , bringing cost savings to participants , said the official , Wayne Goodwin . CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	NEW : Republicans call for repealing the health care bill , but keeping some benefits Obama lists health care benefits going into effect Thursday President meets with people benefiting from the changes Obama also meets with state health insurance commissioners
CNN  -- Irreverent ? Obscene ? Glorious ? While some parts of the world are instituting bikini bans and campaigning for travelers to cover up , elsewhere , travelers are encouraging others to take it off on social media for everyone to see . What began as a spontaneous idea and Instagram post has sparked a stream of travelers to send in fun , topless photos -- taken from the back -- to be featured on the social media channels of the Topless Tour , which began as an Instagram project . Judging from the enthusiastic response and growing number of participants , there 's something about posing topless that heightens the feeling of liberation and adventure while traveling . Japan 's ` anti-loneliness cafe ' goes viral How it started The Topless Tour was started two years ago by friends Olivia Edginton , 20 , Lydia Buckler , 21 , and Ingvild Marstein Olsen , 20 , students at Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music & Dance in London . After taking an impromptu topless dip in a cold lake in Olsen 's hometown in Norway , the three friends wanted to capture the moment of freedom . "  It simply just happened , no planning involved , " Edginton wrote in an e-mail . They continued to travel and post similar photos throughout Europe and New York , all featuring themselves in topless poses against dramatic backgrounds . Then they called for others to send in their topless photos from around the world . From Idaho to Cape Town to Thailand , the mildly salacious images poured in . Among the more amazing submissions : a woman bungee jumping topless in the Swiss Alps . More to come The Topless Tour currently has nearly 20,000 followers on Instagram . That number is increasing quickly as the trio and a growing community continue to document their travels with bare backs . Although the topless photos come predominantly from women , many men have submitted as well . "  We never imagined it would have such global reach and appreciation , " Edginton said . "  It was always just something we would hope would catch on , never really thinking it would happen . " For the trio leading the Tour , the best part of the experience has been hearing people 's stories from all over the globe , and how the project has helped people "  feel themselves again , be proud of who they are and love their beautiful bodies , " said Edginton . "  One of our followers recently said these lovely words : ` All that pressure and judging went away . And so did my shirt . I felt free , happy , and me . ' " How to take good Instagram photos when you travel Correction : We incorrectly described an Instagram post as a woman skydiving , rather than bungee jumping . This has now been fixed .	Three students in UK start topless travel photo trend Travelers send in topless photos from around the world The Topless Tour has nearly 20,000 followers on Instagram
James E. Holmes is described by those who know him as a doctoral student who is clean-cut , quiet and responsible , an image difficult to reconcile with the same man who police allege opened fire in a crowded movie theater . Days after the 24-year-old was arrested on suspicion of a mass shooting at the Century 16 multiplex in Aurora , Colorado , the portrait of Holmes that is emerging is as limited as it is confusing . Pictures obtained of Holmes show a bright-eyed young man , who is tall with dark hair , which contrasts the description of the man by a law enforcement official who said he dyed his hair red and identified himself as "  the Joker " to authorities after he was arrested early Friday morning for allegedly shooting people during a screening of the new Batman movie . Remembering the victims By all accounts , Holmes is a bright student . He entered the University of California , Riverside , in 2006 as a scholarship student and graduated with highest honors with a bachelor 's degree in neuroscience in 2010 . "  Academically , he was at the top of the top , " Chancellor Timothy P. White said . UC Riverside police have no record of any contact with Holmes , the university said . Neither did police at the University of Colorado School of Medicine , where Holmes enrolled in 2011 as a doctoral candidate in its neuroscience program at the Anschutz Medical Campus in Aurora , university officials said in a statement released Sunday . In fact , the sole contact authorities in Colorado appeared to have had with Holmes was a speeding summons in 2011 , according to Aurora police . A syllabus that lists Holmes as a student at the medical school shows that he may have taken a class in which he studied topics as diverse as substance abuse , schizophrenia , depression and other disorders . According to the document , he was to have delivered a presentation in May about microRNA biomarkers . Though there are indications that something may have been amiss in Holmes ' life in recent months . He withdrew from the program in June 2012 , though "  he gave no reason for his withdrawal from the graduate school , " said Jacque Montgomery , spokeswoman for the University of Colorado . It is not immediately clear if Holmes , who also worked in a paid position in the university 's neuroscience research program , was still employed there after withdrawing from the program . Holmes received a large volume of deliveries over the past four months to both his home and work addresses , which police believe begins to explain how he got his hands on some of the materials used in the rampage and the subsequent discovery of his booby-trapped apartment , Aurora Police Chief Paul Oates . The police chief has declined to release details about a possible motive or Holmes ' appearance at the time of his arrest , citing an ongoing investigation . But he did say Holmes purchased four weapons and more than 6,000 rounds of ammunition in recent months . Police : Evidence of ` calculation and deliberation ' in Colorado theater shooting Police allege Holmes was dressed in black , wearing a ballistic helmet , a tactical ballistic vest , protective leggings , a throat and groin protector and a gas mask during the attack . Witnesses to the shooting say because the gunman wore a gas mask , they did not see his face . Unlike most people his age , Holmes does not appear to have a social media footprint -- no Facebook , no Twitter and no Tumblr account , though authorities are investigating whether he posted a profile on sex website Adult Friend Finder . The profile contains a picture of a man with fiery red hair , a law enforcement source said . Police believe it may be a picture of Holmes , said the source , who was not authorized to speak to the media . The profile said it was created by a 24-year-old man from Aurora and has since been taken down . Theater shooting unfolds in real time on social media It 's a profile that contrasts with news that Holmes worked as a counselor at a summer camp for needy children in 2008 . Camp Max Straus caters to needy children ages 7-14 , and is run by Jewish Big Brothers Big Sisters of Los Angeles , which confirmed his employment but would not offer further details or comment . The man who grew up in the upscale northwest San Diego neighborhood of Rancho Peñasquitos was renting an apartment on in Aurora , according to police and realty records . Tom Mai , a neighbor of the Holmes family in San Diego , described Holmes as "  clean-cut , quiet , responsible . " At the time of his arrest , Holmes was living in a small , three story brick building on Paris Street in Aurora , in Apartment 10 , within walking distance to the university . "  Neighbors report he lived alone and he kept to himself , " Oates said . A neighbor who lives one floor below Holmes ' third-floor apartment , Tori Lynn Everhart , described the apartments this way : "  It 's not like true ghetto . It 's not the safest neighborhood , but it 's definitely improving . " Apparently , Holmes told police during his arrest he had booby-trapped the third-floor apartment . Kaitlyn Fonzi , a 20-year-old grad student and neighbor , said she heard techno music blasting from his apartment around the time of the shooting , and had nearly opened Holmes ' unlocked apartment door to complain , unaware that the unit was booby trapped with explosives . Massacre suspect 's neighbor : ` I 'm counting my lucky stars ' A timer had turned the music on so that it would blare in his apartment after he left for the Aurora multiplex , according to a law enforcement source , who also spoke on condition of anonymity . Bomb technicians worked Saturday to clear "  all hazards " from the apartment , and began allowing some evacuated residents to return . Jackie Mitchell , who lives close to Holmes , had a beer with him on Tuesday . Mitchell was stunned at news of Holmes ' alleged involvement in the attack . "  You would never guess he was a violent guy , " Mitchell said , describing Holmes as "  nerdish " and "  a book-smart type guy . " In San Diego , the suspect 's family issued a statement saying they were still trying to process the news . "  Our hearts go out to those who were involved in this tragedy and to the families and friends of those involved , " the Holmes family said , without giving any information about him . Gun-control , gun-rights groups prepare for renewed debate	James E. Holmes has a limited Internet profile In the summer of 2008 , Holmes worked as a counselor at a summer camp in L.A. The profile on Adult Friend Finder includes a picture of a man with fiery , red hair The profile has since been taken down
CNN  -- Chinese pair Yuan Cao and Yanquan Zhang claimed gold in Monday 's men 's synchronized ten meter diving final . The reigning world champions scored 99.36 with a near faultless final dive to claim the Olympic title . The silver medal went to Mexican pair Ivan Garcia-Navarro and German Sanchez-Sanchez , who pushed the American team of David Boudia and Nicholas McCrory into the bronze medal position with a strong final set of dives . "  We 're very happy . Coming from China , of course , we hope we can win more medals , " said Cao . "  If we are strong at diving it comes from good coaching , diving every day and hard work . Nothing more . " Tom Daley , icon of the British team , and his partner Pete Waterfield led after two rounds , but blew their chances of a medal with a poor dive in round four . British Prime Minister David Cameron made his first trip to the aquatics center to see Daley and Waterfield in action , but he could n't spur the pair to a podium finish . Cao , 17 , and Zhang , 18 , had been favorites to take gold in London after a dominating display in February 's world championships , also held at the Olympic aquatic center . China now have two diving golds after Wu Minxia and He Zi won the women 's synchronized three meter springboard diving on Sunday . "  We had the highest score we have ever got after the first three , but at this level of competition , you ca n't afford to miss a single dive , " Daley said afterwards . The 18 year old diver refused to blame a mistake from Waterfield , 31 , in the fourth round for their failure to win a medal , declaring that "  you win as a team and you lose as a team . "	Favorites Yuan Gao and Yanquan Zhang pick up China 's second diving gold British pair Tom Daley and Pete Waterfield let lead slip , finish fourth British Prime Minister David Cameron makes first trip to competition Mexicio win silver , U.S. pair claim bronze
CNN  -- Should blind people be granted gun permits ? The question entered the crosshairs of some gun control advocates over the weekend , after a report about Iowa issuing permits to buy and carry firearms to people who are legally blind . That 's legal under the federal Gun Control Act of 1968 , which limits who can get guns nationwide . People who were convicted of crimes and served time for more than a year , people addicted to controlled substances and anyone who has been committed to a mental institution are among those who are n't allowed to possess firearms . Each state has different rules governing gun permits . In Iowa , at least , the visually impaired can get permits to carry firearms in public , The Des Moines Register reported on Sunday . That 's for good reason , Jane Hudson , the executive director of Disability Rights Iowa , told the newspaper . She said blocking visually impaired people from getting weapons permits would violate the Americans with Disabilities Act . Some states , such as Nebraska and South Carolina , require applicants for gun permits to show "  proof of vision . " In Texas , lawmakers passed a measure in 2007 to help legally blind people hunt . The law allows legally blind hunters accompanied by a sighted partner to use laser sighting devices , according to the National Rifle Association 's Institute for Legislative Action , which said the measure "  encouraged more disabled sportsmen to pursue their love of hunting . " After The Des Moines Register 's story , word about Iowa 's approach spread swiftly on social media Sunday . "  What could possibly go wrong ? " Jeff Smith , an assistant professor of politics and advocacy at The New School in New York , quipped in a Twitter post . "  At least on its face , it just seems totally absurd and absolutely in the other direction from the kind of common-sense gun safety restrictions that the president and others fought for earlier this year , " he said . "  Just because we have a Second Amendment should n't mean that blind people can walk around with concealed weapons . " Earlier this year , blind entertainer Stevie Wonder weighed in on the matter . Wonder , who has called for stricter gun laws , told CNN 's Piers Morgan that he had thought about going gun shopping with a friend to demonstrate how easy it was to get a weapon . "  Imagine me with a gun , " he said . "  It 's just crazy . " Last year , a blind New Jersey man fought for his right to own guns -- and won . The battle over Steven Hopler 's gun collection lasted for years . Police seized six of his firearms in 2008 after he shot himself in the leg , CNN affiliate WCBS reported . Prosecutors argued he should n't have guns because he was a danger , the CNN affiliate reported . But last year , a judge ruled in Hopler 's favor , citing the right to bear arms , WCBS said . His attorney argued that authorities had singled out his client . "  It 's just simply that the police did n't want Steve Hopler to own firearms , because he 's blind and they felt that that was improper , " attorney Robert Trautman . After the judge 's decision , Hopler told WCBS he was grateful to get his guns back . The victory , he said , was n't about power . "  It 's freedom , " he said . CNN 's Josh Levs and Lindsey Knight contributed to this report .	Iowa has granted gun permits to the visually impaired , a report says "  What could possibly go wrong ? " one man quips Each state has different rules governing gun permits A blind New Jersey man won a legal battle to keep his guns last year
CNN  Recently , a New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook . What exactly is "  service of process " ? Serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law premised on one guiding principle : if you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it . Sounds simple , right ? In theory it is . In practice , it turns out people do n't like being sued . It also turns out that , to many defendants , procrastination of a lawsuit is a viable defense . Just as you may avoid bad news in life , defendants tend to avoid process servers . Once a defendant has been served , that means the judicial proceedings begin . Unfortunately , that means defendants have an incentive to go "  off the grid " . Although every state is different , the law of service of process has evolved this way : the ideal and fairest way to notify a person of a lawsuit is to have another human hand the papers to the defendant in person , and have some proof that the person was the defendant . In-person service is not always possible , for obvious reasons . So , the law had to develop methods of alternate service , but carefully balance a defendant 's right to have notice of a lawsuit , against a diligent plaintiff 's access to court if a defendant is avoiding the inevitable . As reliable as the U.S. mail is , regular mail is not a reliable form of serving papers . Not because the postmen ca n't be trusted ; they can . Neither snow , nor rain , nor heat , nor gloom of night , will keep them from delivering those papers . Instead , it 's defendants -- no wait , all of humanity -- that ca n't be trusted . Every one of us has ignored mail or even pretended we did n't get it . Defendants are no different . One form of alternate service is "  nail and mail " service . This means that you take a hammer and nail , and nail the papers to the defendant 's front door . The problem with that is that many defendants are nomadic by nature . Just because you find a house that a defendant stayed at , does n't mean he 'll be back there anytime soon . Another , even odder form of "  service " is service by publication . This is an almost laughable legal fiction . If you ca n't find a defendant , a judge might let you serve by publication . That means that a plaintiff can take out an ad in five point font for a week in an obscure publication , on the off chance you are reading the classified ads of the Secaucus Law Journal looking for lawsuits against you . As laughable as serving someone by tweeting it sounds , it 's at least more rational than this antiquated method . At first blush , the idea of service by Facebook seems to offend traditional notions of ensuring notification of a defendant of a case against him . When it comes to serving papers , however , "  traditional " does n't necessarily mean "  good . " Service by publication or nailing paper to the door of an empty apartment is hardly reliable ; it 's just service of last resort . For those people who are concerned that being served papers will become a Facebook announcement in a news feed , along with the photos of dinner or kittens , to be "  liked " by all your gawking "  friends , " we 're not quite there ... yet . While the older forms of alternate service were public , most electronic service takes the form of email . Where email is n't available , it is Facebook private messaging , which should be as private as email . That 's the form of service authorized by the court here . So for now , we 're not quite putting lawsuits on Instagram ... but I would n't rule it out in the future . Online service may be a new frontier , but it 's not unheard of . Most of us exist more online now than we "  live " in a particular condo , or Mom 's basement . Virtually everyone has a phone or access to the Internet . Not everyone has a lease or a mortgage . Plus , online service has the added benefit of tracking . Believe me , somewhere , some computer has already logged the fact that you read this article , how long you read it , and even how far down you scrolled before you got bored and bailed on the article  thanks for still being here , by the way  . In a way , maybe online service is long overdue . You can outrun a process server for a while , but sooner or later , all of us have to go back online -- and no human can outrun an email .	A court allowed a wife to serve divorce papers via Facebook Danny Cevallos : Why not let people be found via social media ?
CNN  -- The ripple effects of an alleged chemical attack in Syria are being felt across the globe . The rhetoric is ratcheting up with talk of punishing Syria , even though Syria denies using chemical weapons . Allies of President Bashar al-Assad accuse the rebel forces of carrying out the chemical strike . Meanwhile rebel forces , who also deny responsibility for the strike , say 1,300 people died in the attacks on the outskirts of Damascus . CNN correspondents and experts explain the different positions of some key nations involved in preparing for -- or warning against -- international military attacks on Syria . United States As the guarantor of international order the United States has to do something after the large scale use of chemical weapons , and the United States believes the Assad regime was responsible for the attacks . But it faces something of a quandary . Launching the kind of large-scale campaign necessary to topple Assad would be lengthy and whoever replaces Assad could be even worse for U.S. interests than Assad himself , given the fact that the most successful opposition groups on the ground are aligned with al Qaeda . So , the military intervention has to be large enough to punish Assad but not so large as to actually overthrow him . For U.S. policymakers this is the least bad decision they likely feel they can make . For the U.S. , Syria is a problem from hell China It is a long-time ally of Syria and wants to keep its influence . China says it is firmly opposed to the use of chemical weapons and supports the U.N. chemical weapons inspectors . It wants the inspectors to be able to do their job and has warned against prejudging the results . Why Russia , Iran , China stay loyal to Assad It also says it wants peace and suggests continuing with the second Geneva Conference on Syria , an initiative that is currently in doubt . "  A political solution is always the only realistic means to resolve the Syria issue , " Foreign Minister Wang Yi said . Russia It does n't want a repeat of Libya or Iraq . Much has been said about Russia trying to protect the Syrian government because of its military and economic interests in the country but Russia 's key policy goal is blocking American efforts to shape the region . Russia does n't believe revolutions , wars and regime change bring stability and democracy . It often points to the Arab Spring and the U.S.-led war in Iraq as evidence . Sources : Intercepts implicate Syrians Russia also does n't trust U.S. intentions in the region . It believes humanitarian concerns are often used an excuse for pursuing America 's own political and economic interests . Russia has maintained influence throughout the conflict by using its veto in the U.N. Security Council to shield Syria from international pressure . But it 's unclear if the U.S. and its allies will rely on a U.N. mandate to launch any military strike . Iran For Iran , Syria is a strategically key ally Iran 's position , as outlined by Foreign Minister Javad Zarif and new President Hassan Rouhani , is that the Syrian government is a victim of international plots . Iran believes the West and almost all Arab countries are in cahoots in an effort to implement regime change in Syria . Iran says the main objective of this plot is to make the region safer for Israel . Syria was also Iran 's only Arab ally during its eight-year war with Iraq , and Syria together with the Hezbollah-controlled areas of Lebanon are considered to be Tehran 's first line of defense in case of an attack on Iran by Israel or the West . So , Iran 's interest in Syria is motivated by its longtime friendship , as well as Syria 's strategic importance for Tehran . Iran says a U.S. military strike would spark disaster United Kingdom Wants a proportionate response to the alleged chemical attack . Prime Minister David Cameron pushed for a vote in parliament on taking part in military action in response to the Syrian attacks -- and lost . He now says it is important United Kingdom has a "  robust response to the use of chemical weapons , and there are a series of things that  Britain  will continue to do . " Opposition leader Ed Miliband told the Press Association : "  The House of Commons spoke for the British people who said they did n't want a rush to war , and I was determined we learned the lessons of Iraq , and I 'm glad we 've made the prime minister see sense , " Labour Party leader Ed Miliband . Cameron had argued that the military response needs to be proportionate , legal and aimed at deterring the use of chemical weapons . Britain also tried to secure a U.N. resolution on the matter . Read UK intelligence on chemical weapons Jordan It wants to stay out of trouble . Jordan wants a diplomatic solution but it was also host to a military meeting involving the United States , European nations , Saudi Arabia , Turkey and Qatar . Despite that meeting , Jordan does not want to be seen as hosting the meeting where it is decided there will be intervention in Syria . Jordan feels that would put them in a dangerous situation with possible missile strikes from Syria and terror strikes precipitated by the Syrian regime . It is an open secret that Saudi Arabia is using Jordan to smuggle weapons into Syria for the rebels . Jordan says it is doing all it can to prevent that and does not want to inflame the situation in Syria . Jordan is feeling vulnerable , buffeted by the Arab Spring and internal tensions such as allegations of official corruption and a less popular king , and it wants to stay out of trouble . France It favors a punishment strike . France has taken a very forward leaning position on punishing Syria for its apparent use of chemical weapons against its own citizens -- maybe that 's because of its colonial era ties to the Middle East or because it sees its itself as a global force for good . But it 's still surprising as it comes under the leadership of Francois Hollande , who arrived in office declaring he was pulling French troops out of Afghanistan immediately and was not going to be prone to military adventuring the way his predecessors were . Now Hollande is apparently reversing the position he 's held for months -- that any intervention in Syria would require UN approval -- to indicate he is standing side-by-side with the U.S. to join a new "  coalition of the willing " which might go into action without UN approval . "  France is ready to punish those who gassed civilians , " Hollande told his ambassadors gathered this week . And a senior diplomat told journalists that if there is a strike against Syria it would be as a sanction for the regime 's defiance of the international agreement to never use chemical weapons and not an attempt to change the course of the Syrian civil war . Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says it is ready for any scenario and is warning Syria he will respond with force if Israel is attacked . Saudi Arabia Foreign Minister Saud Al-Faisal says the Syrian government has lost its Arab identity and has called for "  firm and serious " action . CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen , CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson , Beijing Bureau Chief Jaime FlorCruz , Moscow Correspondent Phil Black , Senior European Correspondent Jim Bittermann , and CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr in Tehran contributed to this report .	Fallout from the use of chemical weapons is being felt in world capitals U.S. thinks Syria responsible but retaliation is a tricky balance Russia does n't trust U.S. intentions Iran is supporting its strategically key regional ally
CNN  -- It 's become a popular segment on his show , and Jimmy Fallon 's latest lip-sync battle featured "  The Voice " coaches Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton . So what happens when "  The Tonight Show " host has two popular singers perform songs by not actually singing ? A whole bunch of awesome , apparently . The setup is simple : Each celebrity contestant selects a song and then lip-syncs a snippet . Shelton kicked it off with Taco 's '80s hit "  Puttin ' on the Ritz , " including some faux tap dancing . That was followed by Fallon 's version of Ellie Goulding 's "  Burn , " and Stefani ended the round with "  Call Me Maybe " by Carly Rae Jepsen . The trio seemed evenly matched until Stefani and Shelton took it to a new level . In a hilarious duet of "  Endless Love , " Stefani did the Lionel Richie part and Shelton subbed for Diana Ross . Who do you think won ?	Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton both lip-sync for Jimmy Fallon "  The Voice " coaches team up for a "  duet " Lip-sync battles are popular feature of "  The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon "
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- One day while driving with her father , Hannah Salwen noticed a Mercedes stopped next to a homeless man sitting on the curb . The Salwen family of Atlanta , Georgia , has decided to sell this house and give half the proceeds to charity . "  I said to my dad , ` If that guy did n't have such a nice car , then that guy could have a nice meal , ' " the 15-year-old from Atlanta , Georgia , recalled . And so began the tale of what the Salwen family calls "  Hannah 's Lunchbox . " Watch why family wants to give away $ 800K " It started as family discussions about what they needed versus what was enough . Hannah 's father Kevin , an entrepreneur , is on the board of the Atlanta Habitat for Humanity and is no stranger to community work , but he said this family conversation was life-changing . "  We stopped and paused and thought about what are the things in the world that could really make a difference , a little bit of difference in the world , " he said . They talked about selling their cars or other things , but it was Hannah 's mother , Joan , who came up with selling their 6,500-square-foot house , donating half the proceeds and then moving into a house half the size . For nine years , the family lived in a historic 1912 mansion near downtown Atlanta . It boasts five bedrooms , eight fireplaces , a kitchen that would make any cook jealous and even an elevator . See the new and old houses , side by side " When Hannah would bring friends over , she said , often their jaws would drop and they 'd gasp , "  Wow , you live here ? " Like most teens , Hannah loves to shop , and she jammed every space of her massive walk-in closet full of clothes . But she also knows many people are less fortunate ; she volunteers at a local community food bank and other relief agencies . Joan Salwen , a teacher , said the mansion was her dream home . "  It was a challenge , " she said of giving up that house . "  It was a test , almost , to see : How committed are we ? I mean , how serious are these kids about what we should do ? And they all nodded and there we were . " So the Salwens put the house up for sale in May 2007 and started figuring out what they would do with half the proceeds , which would amount to more than $ 800,000 . They spent six months researching charity organizations before deciding on the Hunger Project , an organization dedicated to helping end world hunger through people helping themselves . Hunger Project Vice President John Coonrod said the family met with organizers in New York and notified them months later that the charity was the winner . When the Salwen house sells , the money will be channeled through The Community Foundation for Greater Atlanta over a six-year period and end up in Ghana , Coonrod said . "  This will underwrite a process in more than 30 villages to enable people to meet all of their basic needs on a sustainable basis , " he said . "  They will be able to grow enough food , to build clinics and schools , and the villagers will be doing the lion 's share of the work . " Coonrod said he 'd never heard of a family donating in this way . "  Hannah 's awakening to social injustice , and her family 's ability to make a difference in that issue will make a profound difference in the lives of tens of thousands of people , " he said , estimating the money could affect more than 20,000 people in Ghana . Hannah 's 13-year-old brother , Joseph , was so impressed with his big sister 's ideas that he made a three-minute video of the family 's project . Watch Joseph 's video The video won the grand prize in the 2008 "  My Home : The American Dream " contest , sponsored by Coldwell Banker and Scholastic Publishing . In the video , Joseph tells viewers , "  We 're showing you can redefine the American dream . " But the Salwens ' house has sat on the market for more than a year . It 's a tough time to sell any house , let alone one with an asking price of nearly $ 1.8 million . Real estate agent Sally George said she 's shown the house 40 or 50 times , and there have been nibbles but no buyers . See the house 's real estate listing Many people are interested in the house 's rich history but often do n't know anything about the philanthropic aspects of the family 's project . "  I 've never handled a house selling for this reason , " George said . "  I did n't learn about what the family was doing until early this year . " Hannah and Joseph said most of their friends at school do n't know about it . "  We did n't do it for the fame or the glory , " said Joan Salwen . "  This was something Hannah sort of yanked us into . " Even though it was Joan Salwen 's idea to sell the house , it has been tough for her to give it up . "  I have to admit , " she said , "  I loved living in this house . Does that make me an evil person ? I hope not because it 's a beautiful place . " The family recently moved to a house less than half the size of their mansion four blocks away . While Hannah 's friends called her old home the "  wow house , " this one is more ordinary and that 's fine with her . Lately the family has spent a lot of time around the kitchen table talking about an upcoming two-week trip to Ghana . The Salwens will spend six or seven hours a day visiting the villages where their money will be put to work . Kevin Salwen said the new house is great , it 's just smaller . "  We as Americans have so much , " said Salwen , a former Wall Street Journal writer . "  We love the concept of half . We are going from a house that 's 6,000 square feet to a house that 's half the size , and we 're giving away half the money . "  And we do think everyone can do something if they think through half . "	Family tries to sell $ 1.8 million mansion and give half the proceeds to charity Decision comes after discussions about how much wealth is needed Family voluntarily downsizes to more ordinary house After sale , money will go to villages in Ghana via the Hunger Project
CNN  -- Cool , calm and collected , Mario Monti could not be more different from Italy 's flamboyant former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi . The former European commissioner on Sunday was nominated to succeed Berlusconi . Italian President Giorgio Napolitano announced Wednesday that he had nominated Monti as a "  senator for life , " a title bestowed on those who have held distinguished roles , heightening speculation about his candidacy . If he becomes prime minister , Monti could be expected to bring a distinctly different approach to governing than Italy has experienced over the past three years . While the hot-blooded Berlusconi was for many years a master of forming political alliances , Monti is known for his achievements as a "  Eurocrat , " at the heart of Europe 's institutions . Dubbed Super Mario for his work in international finance , he served as a leading European Commission member for a decade -- including as commissioner for its financial services , market and taxation committee between 1995 and 1999 and as head of its competition committee from 1999 to 2004 . In the latter role , Monti gained prominence for his part in blocking a merger between U.S. firms Honeywell International and General Electric , thought to be a move that highlighted Europe 's newfound regulatory clout . He also tangled with U.S. computing giant Microsoft , ruling in 2004 that it had broken EU competition law by having "  abused its virtual monopoly power over the PC desktop in Europe . " Microsoft was hit with a huge fine and ordered to share key information with its rivals . While such moves made headlines , Monti 's interactions in business are still a stark contrast to that of Berlusconi . Besides being active in politics , the outgoing prime minister is also a business personality as the owner of media and financial companies , as well as the legendary football club A.C. Milan . But beyond advisory roles with investment firm Goldman Sachs and Coca-Cola , Monti 's resume suggests he 's as much a creature of academics and policy-making as business . Born in 1943 in the town of Varese in northern Italy 's Lombardy region , Monti earned an economics and business degree from Milan 's Bocconi University . He then did his post-graduate studies at Yale University , before returning to Europe . In 2005 , shortly after leaving the European Commission , according to a bio on that international organization 's website , Monti launched Bruegel , a Brussels-based think tank focused on economic issues . The next few years saw Monti remain busy in international affairs . That includes being appointed by French President Nicolas Sarkozy to a panel to look at promoting French economic growth , as well as helping broker a 2008 electricity-sharing agreement between France and Spain . All the while , he has appeared to remain closely linked to his alma mater , Bocconi . Holding the position rector from 1989 to 1994 , the university notes that Monti is president of the school . CNN 's Nina Dos Santos contributed to this report .	Mario Monti has been nominated to succeed Silvio Berlusconi as prime minister He recently was made a "  senator for life " by Italy 's president Monti was a European commissioner , part of rulings challenging Microsoft and GE He has advised governments , founded a think tank and now leads an Italian university
You 've been told for years that popping a multivitamin every day might help you live longer . But the daily multi habit has been getting a bit of bad press lately . Vitamins can help provide key nutrients for individuals whose diets are low on fruits and veggies . First , ConsumerLab.com , a watchdog of the supplement industry , found that more than half of the 21 multis it tested had too much  or too little  of certain vitamins -- or had been contaminated with dangerous substances such as lead . Then a controversial paper from researchers in Denmark and other European countries , published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , made the claim that taking vitamins may actually shorten your life . What 's the real story ? Health talked to leading nutrition experts at Harvard and Tufts universities to find out and to get some answers on this and other confusing info about vitamins . Are multivitamins safe ? Vitamins have been recommended for years because they help you get key nutrients if your diet 's low on fruits and veggies -- and may even help prevent cancer and heart disease . And it 's unlikely that one critical paper  speculating that vitamin supplements might upset your body 's natural healing process and boost your risk of death  will change that . Health.com : Your vitamin cheat sheet Longtime vitamin experts at Tufts University and the Linus Pauling Institute at Oregon State University continue to say multis are n't dangerous and the paper 's findings are wrong . The paper analyzed previous studies , including many with people who were sick before taking vitamins , so there 's a good chance vitamins were n't responsible for shortening their lives . Experts say the paper also ignored two major studies that found vitamins reduced the risk of death . At the same time , the study from ConsumerLab.com shows that you ca n't assume just any vitamin is safe . Because there are no uniform manufacturing rules for supplements , a multi may not contain what the bottle claims , could be contaminated with something from the manufacturing plant , or might have tainted ingredients . Health.com : 20 antioxidant powerhouses Your best bet : Avoid the vitamins singled out by ConsumerLab.com , and stick with mainstream names such as Centrum Silver and One-A-Day Women 's , which were found to be free of impurities and accurately labeled . Also , check vitamin bottles for the United States Pharmacopoeia  USP  , NSF International  NSF  , or ConsumerLab.com  CL  seals . The USP and NSF are nonprofit groups that verify whether companies offer contamination-free products and use good manufacturing practices . Not every brand has the seals -- some do n't want to submit to testing -- but those that do  Kirkland and Nature Made carry the USP seal , for instance  are reliable . How much should I spend to get the biggest benefits ? Price is n't a sign of quality . In fact , some of the priciest vitamins -- like The Greatest Vitamin in the World and Eniva Vibe , which cost more than $ 39.95 per bottle -- failed the Consumer Lab.com tests . A mainstream brand such as One-A-Day Women 's is $ 8.99 for a bottle of 100 tablets at drugstore.com , about 9 cents per day . How do I find the right multi for me ? In your childbearing years , make sure your multi has 400 micrograms  mcg  of folic acid , which helps make and maintain new cells . And pregnant women should take a vitamin with 600 mcg of folic acid daily ; this nutrient also reduces the incidence of neural tube birth defects such as spina bifida . A premenopausal woman should look for a multivitamin with iron to replace the iron lost during menstruation . Menopausal women should go without the iron . "  Too much iron may raise the risk of heart disease , " says Meir Stampfer , Ph.D. , professor of nutrition and epidemiology at Harvard School of Public Health . Health.com : A new way to "  pop " your vitamins If you 're taking a prescription , check with your doctor about risky interactions .  Vitamin E , for instance , may be a problem if you 're taking a blood thinner .  If you 're a cancer patient , you should ask your doctor about risks before taking vitamins . "  Cancer cells need vitamins to grow , too , " Stampfer says . Plus , some vitamins can interfere with chemotherapy . What 's the best way to avoid that queasy feeling after taking a multi ? "  Consider switching brands , " Stampfer suggests . Trial and error is the best way to determine which brands wo n't break down poorly in your stomach and lead to irritation . Also , take your multi with food because your body needs some fat  or lipids  to absorb some of the individual vitamins . The delivery method  pill , liquid , gummy bear  makes no difference . But vitamins in liquid form may degrade more quickly on the shelf . How much of each vitamin should my multi have ? The amount per serving numbers on the label should match the government 's Dietary Reference Intakes  DRI  . It 's OK if they 're higher as long as they do n't exceed the tolerable upper limit  UL  .  To find the DRIs and ULs , go to Health.com / links .  While most vitamins are listed in milligrams  mg  or micrograms  mcg  , the label may use IUs  international units  for vitamins A , D , and E . The DRIs are 2,300 IUs for vitamin A , 200 for D , and 22 for E . What about the label 's % Daily Value column ? Look at it with a skeptical eye : Those numbers have n't been updated since 1968 . E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Stick with mainstream names found to be free of impurities , accurately labeled Price is n't a sign of quality Premenopausal women should take multivitamin with iron Check with your doctor about risky interactions with prescription drugs
CNN  -- Mark Bell , who founded the highly influential techno music duo LFO and later collaborated with Bjork on several iconic albums , has died . Bell died of complications after a surgery earlier this month , but the announcement of his death only came Monday via his label , Warp Records . "  It 's with great sadness that we announce the untimely passing of Mark Bell of LFO who died last week from complications after an operation . Mark 's family & friends request privacy at this difficult time , " the statement read . The label did n't offer details . Bell founded LFO with Gez Varley in 1988 , playing a pioneering role in the house and techno scene . Two years later , their self-titled single "  LFO " reached the top 20 on the British charts . The duo released two albums , "  Frequencies " and "  Advance , " before Varley left . Bell continued with the LFO name , releasing one more album in 2003 , "  Sheath . " But by this time , he had branched out into producing work for others . He collaborated with Icelandic singer Bjork on her seminal 1997 work , "  Homogenic . " Their singer-producer partnership continued through several albums , including 2011 's "  Biophilia . " Bell also produced Depeche Mode 's "  Exciter . " Following his death , Bjork posted LFO 's "  Love is the Message " on her Facebook page . People we 've lost in 2014	Bell died of complications after a surgery The duo scored a top 20 hit with "  LFO " He produced several Bjork albums
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court displayed some discomfort on Wednesday as it tried to resolve a testy international custody fight . Deep divisions were apparent from the bench , as the justices tried to sort out competing allegations raised by the parents and proper legal remedies . At issue is whether an appeal of an American judge 's order allowing a child to go back to Scotland with the mother becomes moot under the terms of an international treaty since the child is no longer in the United States . Lynne Chafin and her lawyers say the purpose of the Hague Convention treaty was to stop children like her 5-year-old daughter , Eris , from bouncing back and forth between countries over custody . But the girl 's father , Jeffrey Chafin , says the custody fight began in American courts where the girl was living at the time , and that his legal claims were never fully heard in those federal courts . A majority on the high court appeared to offer some level of support to the father 's legal position , during a tense hour of oral arguments . The word "  unfortunate " was mentioned several times by the justices over the entire "  he-said , she-said " parental disagreements . "  The incentives if you prevail are for the custodial , or the parent with control over the child , to leave immediately , " Chief Justice John Roberts told the mother 's lawyer . "  Even after a motion for a stay has been filed . Get on the first plane out and then you 're home free . That seems to me to be a very unfortunate result . " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said to the father 's lawyer that the purpose of the international treaty was to eliminate "  shuttling of children " across courts in different nations , a process she said could take years . An eventual ruling in the case of Chafin v. Chafin could establish an important precedent on the discretion of U.S. courts to decide where children caught in custody fights should stay . In the middle of this case is Eris , who now resides in a remote part of the United Kingdom with her mother . Army Sgt. Jeff Chafin is based at Ft. Stewart , Georgia . He claims she is an unfit mother . She was once arrested for disorderly conduct after a night of drinking and was deported for overstaying her visa . She claims he is manipulative . Back in her home country without her daughter , Lynne filed a "  Petition for Return of Child to Scotland " under the 1980 Hague Convention 's Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction . It grants parents in general a "  right of custody " and a separate "  right of access , " ensuring the laws of one country are respected in the others . More than 80 nations are a party to the treaty , including the United States and the United Kingdom . Lynne did not see her daughter for 10 months while the custody case played in a federal court in Alabama . Just hours after a federal judge allowed Lynne to take the child to Scotland , the two were on an overseas flight . A federal appeals court later said the matter was out of its hands since the child was now in another country , ruling the issue was moot . Both sides disagree on whether the father moved quickly enough to appeal the immediate removal order in an appropriate court . Now the justices will decide the jurisdictional questions . Michael Manely , the father 's attorney , told the justices that the issue was not moot and that the child should be brought back to the United States while courts here resolve the matter . "  When you say bring the child back , there 's an impediment to that because now this court in Scotland has told her do n't -- the child stays here , " said Ginsburg . "  There 's an order that the child not be removed from Scotland . " Tougher questions were aimed at Stephen Cullen , attorney for Lynne Chafin , who said "  once the doors close on that plane and that child arrives back in Scotland , unless the plane turns round and comes back again , it is all over " on any appeals . "  You 're not going to suggest all those countries that permit appeals explicitly and stop removals until appeals are finished , that those contracting treaty parties are breaching the convention , are you ? " said Justice Sonia Sotomayor skeptically . Roberts -- the only justice with young children -- suggested the father was not given a proper time or opportunity to appeal once the initial removal order was signed by the federal judge in Alabama . "  It seems to me , " he said , "  the best thing is to hold things up briefly , so that the child does n't go overseas and then have to be brought back , particularly if you have situations where there can be an expeditious appeal . And I think most appellate courts would appreciate the benefit of that . " Justice Stephen Breyer said just because the child is in Scotland , does not mean federal courts in the United States still have no role to play . "  I do n't understand why you want a treaty where the best interests of the child are what 's at issue , and then you interpret it in a way that the court of one nation with the child where you have parents from both nations pays no attention at all to what courts in other nations are saying . " Jeff Chafin was in the courtroom for the morning arguments , dressed in his Army dress uniform . "  I told my little girl I would do everything I could to get her , " Sgt. Chafin told CNN National Correspondent Joe Johns this week , "  to make sure she 's safe . " He last visited the girl overseas a few weeks ago . "  I do n't believe that  the current legal fight  is in the best interest of the child as it 's going to go on for years and years to come , " Lynne Hales Chafin told CNN . A ruling is due in a few months . The case is Chafin v. Chafin  11-1347  .	Case involves girl living with mother in Scotland ; husband is in U.S. Custody case tests bounds of international treaty over custody rights An eventual ruling could establish an important precedent
CNN  -- A storm system stretching from Texas north to Michigan threatens to bring "  widespread damaging winds and several tornadoes " to parts of 10 states , the National Weather Service said Tuesday . "  An increasing threat for severe thunderstorms will occur through tonight in advance of a strong cold front moving across the central United States , " the weather service 's Storm Prediction Center said . "  The most intense thunderstorms are anticipated late this afternoon and especially into the overnight hours tonight across parts of the lower Ohio Valley , mid-South and lower Mississippi Valley . " States threatened by what the agency called a moderate risk of severe weather are Arkansas , southern Illinois , extreme southwestern Indiana , western Kentucky , western Tennessee , southern Missouri , northern Louisiana , northern Mississippi , southeastern Oklahoma and northeastern Texas , the agency said . But severe storms are possible along a line from the southern Great Lakes to the Louisiana coast , the Storm Prediction Center said . Tornado watches were up Tuesday afternoon for portions of Arkansas , Kansas , Missouri , Illinois , Oklahoma and Texas . Those storms could be at their most dangerous late Tuesday night into Wednesday morning , CNN meteorologist Sarah Dillingham said . Extreme weather and a changing climate Even outside the areas most at risk for tornadoes , wind gusts could reach 80 mph in some areas -- enough to bring down trees and power lines , she said . On Wednesday , the threat shifts farther east , with parts of Alabama , Georgia , Tennessee , Kentucky , South Carolina , North Carolina , Virginia and West Virginia at moderate risk of severe weather , including damaging winds and isolated tornadoes , the Storm Prediction Center said . After the severe weather , a cold-weather system could bring snow and freezing rain to the Midwest , beginning Wednesday , and the threat of extremely cold weather in the northern Plains states and Upper Midwest , particularly on Thursday . NASA scientists link climate change , extreme weather	NEW : Forecasters see an "  increasing threat for severe thunderstorms " into Wednesday NEW : System stretches from Texas north to Michigan NEW : There could be "  damaging winds and several tornadoes " in parts of 10 states Snow and cold weather are n't far behind Tuesday 's high temperatures and rain
CNN  -- The California State Senate is expected to vote Tuesday on a bill that would ban the use of plastic bags by retailers in the state , including grocery stores , convenience stores and drugstores . This year 's Senate session ends Tuesday , so it 's the last opportunity for the Senate to pass the bill . The California Assembly passed the legislation in June . Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has said he would sign the measure into law , the Los Angeles Times reported . Environmental groups such as the Sierra Club have encouraged Californians to contact their state senators to push for the measure . The group Heal the Bay produced what it calls a "  mockumentary , " narrated by actor Jeremy Irons , called "  The Majestic Plastic Bag " that charts the life of a plastic bag . The video is on YouTube . But the measure has its opponents , too . The American Chemistry Council criticized California Assemblywoman Julia Brownley , D-Santa Monica , who proposed the bill . "  Assemblywoman Brownley 's inflammatory comments are obviously intended to distract public attention from the substance and dire consequences of Assembly Bill 1998 , " the group said . "  Her proposed legislation to ban plastic grocery bags in California ... is bad for the economy and bad for the environment : It will eliminate several hundred California manufacturing jobs and dismantle existing plastic bag recycling programs . " According to its website , the chemistry council represents companies that "  make the products that make modern life possible , while working to protect the environment , public health , and the security of our nation . " In this case , that includes plastic bags . "  We had to work hard to win passage for the bill in the Assembly and I anticipate an equally hard battle in the Senate , " Brownley told CNN in June . "  Nasty habits , like our reliance on plastic and paper bags , are hard to break . " Brownley has been fighting to reduce plastic bag waste for three years , calling single-use bags "  an unnecessary scourge that blows like urban tumbleweeds into every corner of the earth . " Her bill has gained support from the California Grocers Association , which decided to back the bill after Brownley agreed to subject all stores that sell groceries to the ban . "  Our hope is the consumer is driven towards reusable bags " , says Dave Hanley , vice president of the grocers association . "  We have a huge responsibility to educate consumers . " However , Hanley told CNN he 's acutely aware of the speed bumps the legislation might encounter along the road to passage . For instance , he said , the bill requires grocery stores to sell reusable bags for at least 5 cents if customers do n't bring their own . "  With the economy , there 's always the concern when legislation has fees , " Hanley said . Californians appear to be split on the issue . While some people told HLN recently they could go either way , others said a ban would be beneficial . "  I 'm one of those people who 's really good at picking up cloth bags , and really bad at remembering to bring them to the store , " one woman told HLN . "  It could be just the kick I need to make sure I use recycled bags . " Another wondered whether it really mattered . "  It 's not just plastic bags . I mean , everything else I get that comes in a container is in plastic , " one man told HLN . "  Just eliminating plastic bags , as far as I 'm concerned , you are not really making that big an impact . " So just how much plastic and paper bag waste do we produce a year ? According to U.S. Environmental Protection Agency spokeswoman Catherine Milbourn , 3.96 million tons of plastic bags , sacks and wraps were generated in 2008 in the United States alone . That 's more than three times the 1.17 million tons of waste generated by paper bags and sacks that same year . And of that , what 's being recycled ? A combined total of 830,000 tons of plastic and paper bags was recycled in 2008 , while a combined total of 4.3 million tons was discarded , according to the EPA -- the equivalent , speaking in terms of weight , of nearly 24 jumbo jets . San Francisco already has a ban on plastic bag use , and it 's not the only city where such a law has been discussed . Austin , Texas ; Seattle , Washington ; Dallas , Texas ; and Portland , Oregon , just to name a few , have all considered the environmental impact of plastic bag distribution . And then there 's the global initiative currently underway . Several cities in China , Africa , Australia , India and Ireland have all imposed bans or surcharges on plastic bags . Prior to China 's ban , an estimated 3 billion plastic bags were used on a daily basis , creating more than 3 million tons of garbage each year , according to the website World Watch Institute , an independent research organization which has programs that focus on areas such as the climate , energy , food and agriculture . CNN 's Adam Blank contributed to this report .	California state senators are expected to vote on plastic bag ban Tuesday Bill passed state Assembly in June Groups supporting and opposing the measure are speaking out
New York  CNN  -- A Broadway actor who fell more than 20 feet during an aerial stunt in the musical "  Spider-Man : Turn Off the Dark , " will attend Friday 's 8 p.m. performance as a spectator , according to show spokesman Sam Corbett . Christopher Tierney , 31 , was released from New York University 's Rusk Institute of Rehabilitation Medicine on Wednesday , after suffering four broken ribs ; a hairline skull fracture ; a broken shoulder blade ; a bruised lung ; three cracked vertebrae , and broken bones below his elbow as a result of his fall , according to his father . "  He is up , " Tim Tierney said of his son , discharged from New York 's Bellevue Hospital on December 28 . "  He is walking and just doing very well . " Several of the performances were canceled following the December 20 incident , as new safety measures were put in place following a meeting with officials from the Department of Labor and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration . The behind-the-scenes drama at the $ 65 million production - -- including a series of mishaps resulting in actor injuries -- has continued to raise questions over its safety record . The younger Tierney said Tuesday he was looking forward to returning to the show and not concerned about his safety . "  I 'm not worried about it , " he said . "  They 've got it well taken care of . " Another actor in the show , Patrick Page , said the new measures have increased communication between actors and safety personnel . The show , with music and lyrics by U2 's Bono and The Edge , is said to be the most expensive in Broadway history .	Christopher Tierney broke several bones during an aerial stunt in the musical Tierney , 31 , was released from rehab Wednesday "  Spider-Man : Turn Off the Dark " is said to be Broadway 's most expensive musical ever
Rome  CNN  -- The Vatican sought Saturday to tamp down rumors involving sex , money and gay priests that have been swirling in the Italian media and have been linked by some to Pope Benedict XVI 's decision to resign . The strongly-worded denial came on the eve of the pope 's last Angelus blessing , expected to draw huge crowds of the faithful , before he stands down on Thursday . Vatican Secretary of State Tarcisio Bertone said it was "  deplorable " that as the time for the Roman Catholic cardinals to elect a new pope approaches , a rash of "  often unverified , unverifiable or completely false news stories " has appeared . Such unfounded stories "  cause serious damage to persons and institutions , " he said , and are an attempt to influence the cardinals ' free will in the election "  through public opinion . " Opinion : There 's more to the Catholic Church than the pope Bertone did not address the specific claims that were first published in La Repubblica , the country 's largest circulation daily newspaper , on Thursday and Friday . The newspaper stories center on an investigation last year by three cardinals into a scandal involving leaks from the Vatican . La Repubblica , citing unnamed sources familiar with the investigation , alleged that the investigation revealed a series of scandals involving sex , money and power that touch cardinals , priests and lay people that work in the Vatican . Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi declined to comment on La Repubblica 's article in a media briefing on Thursday . CNN Senior Vatican Analyst John Allen , also a correspondent with the National Catholic Reporter , suggested in a piece written Friday that unsourced speculation about a shadowy "  gay lobby " within the Vatican should be taken with a grain of salt . But , he said , while he does n't know for sure if the three cardinals did investigate networks based on sexual orientation , "  frankly , it would be a little surprising if they had n't " -- given past scandals that have become public concerning clergy involved in homosexual activities . The pope may well have been worn down by the "  cumulative impact of the various meltdowns over the last eight years , " Allen said . "  However , " he added , "  it 's probably a stretch to draw a straight line between all of this and Benedict 's resignation . For the most part , one has to take the pope at his word : He 's stepping aside because he 's old and tired , not because of any particular crisis . " The pontiff will leave office at 8 p.m. on February 28 , two-and-a-half weeks after he shocked the Roman Catholic world by announcing his resignation . The Vatican has said a new pope will be in place for the Church 's Easter celebrations on March 31 . Benedict on Saturday concluded a week-long spiritual retreat , held to mark the Lenten period . Addressing the clergy who had joined him , he thanked them "  not only for this week , but for these past eight years that you have carried with me -- with great skill , affection , love and faith -- the weight of the Petrine ministry , " referring to the papacy . Benedict also met with Italian President Giorgio Napolitano on Saturday , an encounter described by the Vatican as "  particularly warm and cordial . " Facts about Pope Benedict XVI The pontiff is considering changing the Vatican constitution to allow a vote for his successor to begin before March 15 , Lombardi said Wednesday . Existing rules say the Roman Catholic Church 's cardinals should start voting on a replacement from 15 to 20 days after the papal throne becomes vacant . With Benedict due to depart on February 28 , the cardinals ' conclave ordinarily would start no sooner than March 15 . But Lombardi has said that because Benedict was leaving the papacy through resignation rather than death , the Vatican would explore the possibility of selecting a new pope sooner than normally prescribed . The so-called "  Vatileaks " scandal last year led to the pope 's butler , Paolo Gabriele , being convicted on charges of leaking private papers from the Vatican in a high-profile trial and sentenced to 18 months in prison . Although Gabriele was pardoned weeks later by the pope , the whole affair -- which revealed claims of corruption in the church 's hierarchy -- was damaging to the Vatican 's reputation . The latest media allegations , despite the strenuous Vatican denials , may add to the pressure for reform . CNN 's Hada Messia and Ben Wedeman reported from Rome , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London .	Top Vatican official condemns "  often unverified , unverifiable or completely false news stories " Rumors are intended to put pressure on cardinals , Secretary of State Tarcisio Bertone says Italy 's La Reppublica has published allegations involving a shadowy network of gay clergy Pope Benedict XVI is to stand down from office on Thursday
CNN  -- Fans of crime fiction know the names Connelly and Koryta well . Two Mikes . Two generations . Two masters of their craft . At 56 years old , Michael Connelly is the established veteran . A former reporter for the Los Angeles Times , he 's won every award given to mystery writers . His books have sold more than 45 million copies worldwide and been translated into 39 languages . Later this year Connelly marks an important milestone in his career . His best known character , LAPD Detective Harry Bosch , returns in "  The Black Box , " Connelly 's 25th novel in 20 years . The other Mike is Michael Koryta , also an award-winning and best-selling author . You could call him the future of crime fiction . Koryta has published nine novels since 2004 , and he 's just shy of 30 years old . His latest , "  The Prophet , " a tale of faith , football and revenge recently debuted on the New York Times bestseller list and is getting rave reviews from fans and critics . The Two Mikes visited Atlanta last week for the Decatur Book Festival , one of the largest literary get-togethers in the country . CNN had a chance to sit down with the two authors to compare notes and get some insight into their highly-successful writing careers . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : You 're both reaching new milestones in your careers , how does it feel ? Koryta : I feel like I 'm exactly a decade behind Michael . He 's at twenty years in publishing , I 'm at ten . When I came in there were a group of writers who are standard bearers . You look at what they 're doing and think this is what I have to go chase . The first book I wrote that was published , my editor was telling me go read Michael Connelly . I said "  I am " and he said , "  Try again . " Ten years later I 'm still getting that advice from everyone . What Michael 's been able to sustain for twenty years is almost unprecedented in terms of the quality of the books continuing to improve . It 's just remarkable . Hopefully my books are improving . One of the ways I find motivation to improve is looking at someone who is already at a high level and continues to get better with each book . That 's really what you want to emulate . Connelly : I do n't think I was one who looked at anniversaries and numbers much , but for some reason this one was significant for me . When you 're starting out you never believe that you might accomplish writing twenty-five books in twenty years . It 's really bizarre to even contemplate . Twenty years was significant as well because of what happened in Los Angeles in 1992 . My first book was published in January of that year so it was kind of a new world opening up to me . A few months later the city was torn apart by riots after the Rodney King trial . I really did weigh all these anniversaries and years when writing this book . I think it 's the first time I ever really thought about that . The book 's about the death of a journalist and during the riots I almost got killed . That 's something I worked out in a lot of my books . So that all played into it , there 's a lot of nostalgia , all of it was really important to me and I never really had this kind of stuff inspiring me before . CNN : How have you both remained so prolific ? Connelly : What Koryta has done is remarkable . My first book was n't published until I was 36 . Now he 's almost thirty and on his ninth book . You know I 'm bragging about how I 'm on book 25 and he 's probably thinking about 75 . That 's hard for me to imagine , what he 's doing . I feel like I 'm making up for lost time . That 's part of what drives me . For some reason , I do n't know why I had this idea , maybe because I was 36 when my first book was published , but I wanted to write 36 books before I 'm done . I love the play "  Glengarry Glen Ross . " In the movie , Alec Baldwin says , "  Always be closing . " I feel the same way . For me closing is writing , always be doing it . Koryta : I knew at a young age this is what I wanted to do . I look at the fact that I got an early start -- that was a real blessing to me because it gave me a greater opportunity to tell more stories , hopefully , and at the end of the day that 's what I want to do . What I love is the writing , it 's not having written . I like the process of it . CNN : Do you view writing as a competition or camaraderie ? Koryta : I 've always felt an incredible amount of generosity from the time I showed up , people going out of their way to help me who did n't have to . It seems like there 's a really good spirit of brotherhood , especially in crime fiction . In terms of competition , anytime I read a book that I think is really good , like "  The Black Box , " I love it and I 'm rooting for Michael as a friend but there 's also a spark of , this is a better book than what I wrote and now I 've got to try and catch up with that . For me , that 's the greatest motivation to improve is to see really good writers continue to get better and continue to pull farther away from you . You 're always chasing the rabbit , and that 's a good thing . Connelly : There 's always been a good mix of camaraderie and motivation . We 're lucky in the genre we pursue , it 's so big . We 're not worried about , that book is so good it 's going to take sales away from me . You just do n't see that . Readers love to read good stuff , so there 's no reason to really be competitive . CNN : Do you prefer writing a stand alone novel or a continuing series character ? Koryta : What I like about writing a stand alone novel is you 're starting with a fresh world and fresh characters . Part of what I love about writing is that journey of discovery where it 's all new to me as well . This is my fourth stand alone in a row and I am beginning to get a little bit of an itch now to take a longer ride with a character , to get to know them a little better . In "  The Prophet " I really fell in love with those characters , there was an emotional connection there that I do n't think I 've had in a while . It made me think it would be nice to stick with the characters for a little bit and see what happens . My next book will be a stand alone but after that I 'm thinking about trying to take a little bit longer ride . Connelly : A series character like Bosch can be a trap but it 's a good trap to be in . This idea that it 's an unfinished story with more to say . I guess I never write standalones . Even if I come up with a new character , I often bring them back . The last time I introduced a new character was "  The Lincoln Lawyer , " and now that 's going on seven or eight years . I 'm already writing my next book and it 's Mickey Haller , but I kind of feel like creatively I need to come up with something new pretty soon . CNN : If you could steal an idea from the other Michael what would it be ? Connelly : I would be an esoteric thief . Maybe it 's the comfort of age but I look at what Michael has done with writing different kinds of genres . I 've been more straight laced , straight crime . I 've never broken away ; all my stuff is in the same vein . It takes a certain amount of courage and confidence to pop out a book that 's going to be compared to Stephen King instead of Raymond Chandler . So I would steal that kind of creative courage . Koryta : Courage is one word for it . Foolishness might be another . I 've been shamelessly stealing from Michael for years . It 's his ability to say so much with one simple sentence that has what I call layers of depth . It 's the words beneath the words . He does that every book , time after time after time . He 'll lay out a beautiful line , Bosch thinking on the surface what is a very simple thought or observation but it has ripples to the past , the present and goes deeper to the core of the character . He has the ability and the confidence to let it ride on top and know that the reader will get it and feel that impact . That 's an incredible gift and that 's just great writing .	Connelly is a crime fiction veteran , while Koryta may be the "  future " of the genre Connelly has won every award given to mystery writers Koryta has published nine novels since 2004 and he 's just shy of 30 years old
CNN  -- The percentage of Americans who self-identify as favoring abortion rights has hit a record low of 41 % , while those who consider themselves "  pro-life " reached 50 % , according to a new Gallup poll released Wednesday . The prior record low for people who considered themselves "  pro-choice " was 42 % in 2009 ; that year 51 % identified themselves as "  pro-life , " according to Gallup . First established in 1975 , the survey asks if "  abortion should be legal in all circumstances , legal only under certain circumstances , or illegal in all circumstances . " Since 2001 , the middle category has been chosen by about half of poll respondents , who far outnumber those who took either of the absolute choices . About 52 % of those currently polled believe abortion should be legal under certain circumstances , a slight increase from last year 's findings of 50 % . About 20 % want abortion to be made illegal in all cases , while about 25 % want it legal in all cases , the poll found . Anti-abortion groups were quick to hail the new findings . "  I think medical technology has a lot to do with it , " said Carol Tobias , president of National Right to Life , a Washington-based anti-abortion organization . "  People are seeing ultrasound images of their unborn babies and it 's changing perceptions . " But abortion rights groups downplayed the labels ' significance while also pointing to an apparently increased U.S. willingness to allow abortions in some circumstances . "  The survey shows Americans still strongly support keeping abortion safe and legal , " said Ted Miller , a spokesman for NARAL Pro-Choice America . "  Pro-choice victories on ballot measures in states like Mississippi and South Dakota in the last few years , combined with the backlash against recent attacks on women 's reproductive rights , are a clear sign that voters want to protect a woman 's right to choose . " CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	41 % of Americans say they 're "  pro-choice , " the lowest number in Gallup poll history Most polled say abortion should be legal only under certain circumstances 20 % said it should be illegal in all cases ; 25 % said it should be legal in all circumstances Advocates on both sides of the issue take heart in the findings
CNN  -- French baguettes and pastries are n't the traditional bread of choice in the Middle East . But a bakery opened by a one of the region 's foremost gourmet food companies is aiming to change that . Saudi Arabian firm , Bateel , hopes that by providing an international flavor to their offerings they will be able to further entice customers to their branded stores and cafes across the Middle East . The group has certainly come a long way from its early days as a humble date producer . Bateel first started manufacturing gourmet dates in 1992 , adding nuts and chocolate to the traditionally popular fruit and selling them in upmarket boutique stores . "  At that time dates were being sold in supermarkets and souks , " said Bateel CEO , Ata Atmar . "  But we decided that we wanted to market dates like Swiss chocolates . " "  We took essentially an agricultural product and turned it into a luxury food item and in the process created an entire new industry . " A little more than 20 years later and Bateel is now operating in 17 countries with Saudi Arabia and the UAE representing its biggest markets . Drinks , oils and jams have also been added to its product repertoire during this time . "  Surprisingly , dates is not as big of a business for us  any more  , " said Atmar . "  We are now a very much integrated premium food company . About 25 % to 30 % of our business comes from dates . " To help market its food products the company launched the Bateel Cafe in 2007 , featuring its ingredients on the menu . It also carried on selling its goods through its shops and other outlets like hotels and airports . This carefully calculated strategy of diversification has paid dividends . "  We just signed with Qatar , the new terminal , so in a way the airport is an extension of our retail business , " Atmar said . "  In the  Dubai Duty Free  we are the number one food market here ... so there is a major presence . " Atmar says Bateel has seen 20 % to 30 % growth in the past five years . But he said that this is not enough for what he eventually envisions for the company . "  Outside the Middle East , or outside the Gulf , we are going on a franchise business , " he said . "  I 'd like to see when you go to Beijing , you say it 's time to go out and have a cup of coffee and you say ` oh , there 's a Bateel here , let 's go to Bateel . ' Just as you do that in Dubai or Abu Dhabi . " Perhaps this is the next stage of the Bateel story , transforming a homegrown Middle Eastern group into a truly global brand .	Bateel is a Saudi gourmet food company founded in 1992 Company started by manufacturing dates but now has numerous food products in its line CEO says aim is to become major international brand
CNN  -- I 'm struck by one big question as I watch the Republican presidential candidates battle each other while President Obama tries to win re-election : Why does anyone want to be president ? It 's like auditioning to be bandleader on the Titanic . And yes , I said bandleader and not captain because the captain of a ship has more of an impact on the direction of a voyage than President Obama , or any president who might follow him , can have in our hyperpolarized political climate . With the onslaught of problems he faces today , I would n't be shocked if in the coming weeks President Obama appeared on national TV and declared : "  I have an important announcement : I was actually born in Kenya . Joe Biden you take over , I 'm outta here ! " But he wo n't quit . Instead , he will raise close to a billion dollars for his re-election campaign . Meanwhile , the Republican presidential candidates will viciously fight each other , like gladiators in the Roman Coliseum -- which , frankly , the past two Republican debates resembled . The audience jeered and booed , with some at times even applauding the death penalty and cheering the notion of allowing a person with no health insurance to die . All that was missing was a thumbs up or down from the crowd indicating if a candidate should be executed .  This , too , would undoubtedly have been met with cheers . Think about it : When you run for president , you are running for the worst job in America . If elected  or re-elected  you must deal with a cascade of domestic and international headaches . But to me the greatest challenge facing our president  or a new president  is not the economy or the European debt crisis . It 's not the growing influence of China , the Arab Spring or even the issue of Palestinian statehood . Nope , the biggest challenge the president faces is us . Yes , "  We the People . " Simply put , we are horrible . We have become unreasonably demanding . We want everything now and we wo n't compromise . "  We the People " have become Veruca Salt from "  Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory , " making demands in our high-pitched voices : "  I want a goose that lays golden eggs and I want it now !! " "  I want the deficit reduced now , Daddy ! " "  I want low taxes but the same government services ! " And if you wo n't give us what we want , when we want it , we will turn our back on you . For example , President Obama had almost a 60 % approval rating after the killing of Osama Bin Laden in May , but just four months later , a recent poll shows , his approval rating is at 39 % . The left wants him to be more liberal , the right wants him to be more conservative and the middle just wants more . The Republican presidential candidates have seen this , too , with Rick Perry being at first welcomed into the race like the "  prodigal son . " Now , only a few weeks later , he looks more like a doomed NASA satellite about to fall from the sky . What has caused us to become so demanding ? The 24-hour news cycle and social media that allows instant real-time commentary have contributed . But an even bigger factor is our conditioning to reality show competitions on TV . On any number of TV shows each week , we watch , judge and vote on whether a person performs to our liking . One week we sing their praises , but the next week , if they misstep , they are dead to us . We now treat our candidates this way . It 's a presidential version of "  Celebrity Apprentice , " where we want to fire -- or at least dissect and scrutinize -- the president and presidential candidates for every small gaffe . I have seen better treatment for contestants on Gordon Ramsay 's "  Hell 's Kitchen " than for our candidates for president . If this keeps up , what type of candidates for president will we attract in the future ? Will it be the smartest and the most qualified or those who , like reality show stars , can weather the cruel glare of an unending spotlight and the fickleness of our affection ? Even reality-show veteran Donald Trump 's skin was too thin to run for president , which is shocking since his skin looks like leather . And , yes , that snarky comment is just the kind of thing I 'm talking about , but I 'm no better than the rest of us . Since this seems to be what we crave , why not commit 100 % to it and create political reality shows to choose our future presidents ? What about shows like : "  The Amazing Electoral Race , " "  Dancing with the Candidates , " or "  So You Think You Can Govern ? " We can vote people off until we are left with the man or woman who has survived by telling us exactly what we want to hear each and every week . But if we do n't take a break from this "  American Presidential Idol " mentality , we will have no one to blame but ourselves when the 2016 presidential campaign pits Mike "  The Situation " against the Kardashians . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : With politics so hyperpolarized , who would want to be president ? So many challenges , he says , but the biggest is unreasonable , demanding voters He says we treat political leaders like reality show players , up one day , down the next Obeidallah : We run risk of ending up with leaders who tell us only what we want to hear
After Sen. Tom Harkin likened her to Taylor Swift , Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst is taking the pop star 's advice . Just "  shake it off . " That 's how Ernst responded Monday to Harkin 's remarks last week that Ernst was n't fit to be Iowa 's senator just because she 's "  really attractive and she sounds nice . " "  I do n't care if she 's as good looking as Taylor Swift or as nice as Mr. Rogers , but if she votes like Michele Bachmann , she 's wrong for the state of Iowa , " Harkin said at the Story County Democrats ' annual fall barbecue , according to footage obtained by Buzzfeed News published Sunday night . He backtracked on Monday , calling his comments a mistake and praising Ernst 's campaign . "  I should n't have said those things , I know that . I regret anytime someone feels offended by what I have said , " Harkin said . "  But I am only human and I can make mistakes sometimes in how I say something . In fact , I have complimented her on running a very good campaign . " His apology came after Ernst fired back Monday on Fox News and in an interview with CNN affiliate KCCI and said Harkin would have never made those comments if she were a man . "  I was very offended that Sen. Harkin would say that . I think it 's unfortunate that he and many of their party believe you ca n't be a real woman if you 're conservative and you 're female , " Ernst said on Fox News . "  I believe if my name had been John Ernst attached to my resume , Sen. Harkin would not have said those things . " Ernst also slammed Democrats for their "  phony war on women . " "  I am a woman and second I have been to war . I am a combat veteran , this is not a war on women and anytime Democrats use the word war , they need to do it to honor our servicemen and women , " Ernst said Monday . Ernst has gained momentum recently in the race against her Democratic opponent Rep. Bruce Braley , leading by two points in the latest CNN/ORC poll and up by 7 points in a Des Moines Register poll released this weekend . But a Quinnipiac University poll released Monday , one day before voters head to the voting booth said the race is all tied up with each candidate pulling 47 % . Iowa is arguably one of the most crucial Senate races of the cycle that could hand over control of the Senate to Republicans if Ernst prevails . Ernst would be the state 's first female Senator . Harkin 's office did not immediately responded to CNN request for comment Monday .	Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin attacked GOP hopeful Joni Ernst last week Ernst called his comments offensive in an interview with Fox News on Monday Ernst is locked in one of the most competitive Senate races this year in Iowa A poll released Monday showed Ernst and Democratic challenger Bruce Braley tied
CNN  -- Frequent fliers on American Airlines and US Airways can now enjoy some benefits of both airlines ' mileage programs , American announced Tuesday . The two airlines completed their merger in December and retained the American name for the larger company . While members of American 's AAdvantage and US Airways ' Dividend Miles will eventually belong to one program , that wo n't happen right away . This is the first step in an integration process that will last months . "  We 're kicking off the new year by bringing our customers the first phase of enhanced benefits , including the ability to earn and redeem miles when traveling across our stronger combined network , " said Scott Kirby , president of the new American Airlines and former president of US Airways . "  Our customers are ready to reap the benefits of our merger , and we are pleased they 'll get to experience these perks they value most so early in the integration process . " Members of both programs can earn and redeem miles on either airline , and eligible travel on either airline will count toward elite status on the customer 's chosen program . American Admirals Club and US Airways Club members now have access to both airline clubs , and American AAdvantage Citi Executive cardholders have access to US Airways Clubs . 50 states , 50 spots for 2014 Elite members can enjoy elite benefits across both programs , including check-in , boarding and checked baggage benefits . And check-in timeframes and elite member boarding announcements are to become consistent across both airlines . This is the honeymoon period for frequent fliers of both airlines , said Brian Kelly , founder of ThePointsGuy.com . "  There 's nothing being taken away right now , " Kelly said . Fliers can pick the benefits they like from each program , like choosing one program 's lower mileage redemption levels for similar flights . When airline officials finally do merge the two programs into one , the merged program is likely to retain higher redemption levels for similar flights , he said . Other changes are expected soon . They include the first phase of a codeshare agreement to provide easy access to each airline 's global network , which is expected to be implemented in the next few weeks , American said . Upgrades and other frequent flier program policies will be made consistent across the two airlines . US Airways will exit the Star Alliance on March 30 and enter into the oneworld alliance on March 31 . American 's new Find Your Way website , aa.com/findyourway , has more information on the merged airline 's frequent flier programs and other travel information .	American and US Airways frequent fliers can earn , redeem miles on both airlines Club members can take a break at each airline 's clubs The bigger benefits changes are yet to come , says one expert
CNN  -- Fresh white smoke rose again Monday from Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , caused by an explosion at a building tied to the facility 's No. 3 reactor . Japan 's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said that , according to the head of the nuclear facility , the container vessel surrounding the reactor is still intact . Initial reports suggest that radiation levels rose following the explosion late Monday morning , but Edano said he does not believe there has been a massive leak . "  We are now collecting information on the concentration of radiation , " he said . A wall of the building collapsed due to the blast , according to Japanese public broadcaster NHK , which showed plumes of smoke above the plant . The secretary said that water continues to be injected into the plant 's No. 3 reactor . That fact , and the pressure levels , has led authorities to believe that the reactor itself remains intact . The incident is the latest affecting the Daiichi , the hardest hit of several nuclear plants affected since Friday 's 8.9-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami . Officials said that the explosion was likely caused by a buildup of hydrogen gas , similar to what had happened Saturday at the same nuclear plant 's No. 1 reactor . The 600 residents remaining within 20 kilometers  12 miles  of the plant , despite an earlier evacuation order , have been ordered to stay indoors , according to Edano . Officials earlier said that they were operating on the presumption that there may be a partial meltdown in the No. 3 and No. 1 nuclear reactors at the Daiichi plant . Authorities have not yet been able to confirm a meltdown , because it is too hot inside the affected reactors to check . The Tokyo Electric Power Company , which runs the plant , said in a press release late Sunday that radiation levels outside that plant remain high . Japan 's Kyodo newsagency , citing the same company , said that there were measurements of 751 microsieverts and 650 microsieverts of radiation early Monday . Both are above the legal limit , albeit less than one reading recorded Sunday . A microsievert is an internationally recognized unit measuring radiation dosage , with people typically exposed during an entire year to a total of about 1,000 microsieverts . On Sunday , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said accumulating hydrogen gas "  may potentially cause an explosion " in the building housing the No. 3 reactor at the Daiichi plant . At another plant , in Onagawa , authorities early Sunday noted high radiation levels . The International Atomic Energy Agency said later -- using information from officials in Japan -- levels returned to "  normal " and found no emissions of radioactivity " from Onagawa 's three reactors . "  The current assumption of the Japanese authorities is that the increased level may have been due to a release of radioactive material from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant " located 135 kilometers  about 85 miles  north of Onagawa , the agency said . Japan 's nuclear and industrial safety agency said late Sunday the wind was moving north/northwest -- which could carry airborne radioactive material near the city of Sendai and toward the Onagawa facility . Most experts are n't expecting a reprise of the 1986 Chernobyl meltdown , which killed 32 plant workers and firefighters in the former Soviet Union and at least 4,000 from cancers tied to radioactive material released by the plant . But in some ways -- especially the fact multiple reactors are affected , versus one in Chernobyl -- Japan 's crisis is unique . "  This is unprecedented , " said Stephanie Cooke , the author of "  In Mortal Hands : A Cautionary History of the Nuclear Age . " "  You 've never had a situation with multiple reactors at risk . " These issues come despite Japan 's solid reputation in the nuclear power field . Japan is heavily dependent on the energy source , with 54 plants and eight slated for construction , said Aileen Mioko Smith of Green Action , an environmental group . Daiichi 's No. 1 reactor -- the oldest of the six units at the site , according to World Nuclear Association , all of which are boiling-water reactors -- became operational in November 1970 . "  Nuclear facilities in Japan ... were built to withstand earthquakes -- but not an 8.9 earthquake , " said James Walsh , a CNN contributor and research associate at MIT 's security studies program . The crisis has stoked fears of a full-on nuclear meltdown , a catastrophic failure of the reactor core that has the potential for widespread release of radiation . High levels of hydrogen , as evidenced at Daiichi , is one sign that a meltdown may be occurring . So , too , is the detection noted of radioactive cesium outside that plant , according to Toshihiro Bannai , an official with Japan 's nuclear and industrial safety agency . This could be caused by the melting of fuel rods inside the reactor , indicating at least a partial meltdown . Despite such evidence , Noriyuki Shikata , a spokesman for Prime Minister Naoto Kan repeated Edano 's assertion that the situation is "  under control " and said he would not describe what was occurring in the reactors as a "  meltdown . " But Cooke , also editor of Nuclear Intelligence Weekly for the atomic-energy community , said she 's not convinced authorities have a full handle on what she called "  this hugely dangerous technology . " "  The more they say they 're in control , the more I sense things may be out of control , " she said . The Daiichi plant has a containment vessel , which theoretically would capture radioactive material if a full meltdown occurs . In the meantime , government and power company officials are working to prevent even such a calamity -- even if it means rendering the Daiichi plant inoperable . Authorities ordered the injection of sea water and boron into the affected reactors , even though salt and boron will corrode the reactor . "  Essentially , they are waving the white flag and saying , ` This plant is done , ' " Walsh said . "  This is a last-ditch mechanism to try to prevent overheating and to prevent a partial or full meltdown . " Edano has said there have been no leaks of radioactive material at any plants . Radioactive steam has been released intentionally to lessen growing pressure in the two Daiichi reactors -- in an amount authorities have described as minimal . Still , on Sunday , Edano said nine people who were evacuated from near the Daiichi plant tested positive for high radiation on skin and clothing . This is in addition to at least three electric company workers who fell ill due to possible exposure , the Tokyo Electric Power Co. said in a statement . Even if there 's is no further catastrophe , the nuclear situation -- part of what Prime Minister Kan called the "  toughest and most difficult crisis for Japan " since the end of World War II -- has clearly made an impact . Cooke said that it may take years to fully assess the damage at the worst-hit reactors , much less to get them working again . And authorities may never definitively determine how much radiation was emitted , or how many got sick because of it . Then there 's the short - and long-term impact of Japan 's electric grid : Soon after the quake , power was knocked out to 10 % of Japan 's households . Most of those people now have electricity , though experts say it is highly unlikely the most affected reactors will ever be operational again . Beyond that , the crisis may have a significant impact the nuclear power movement . Walsh noted that while some countries , like China , may go forward in creating new reactors , others planned for South Korea , Turkey and elsewhere may pull back . But assessing the far-reaching implications of the crisis is n't the top priority now . Instead , the focus is more on making sure that the situation does not deteriorate even further and put more lives at risk . If the effort to cool the nuclear fuel inside the reactor fails completely -- a scenario that experts who have spoken to CNN say is unlikely -- the resulting release of radiation could cause enormous damage to the plant and/or release radiation into the atmosphere or water . That could lead to widespread cancer and other health problems , experts say . Authorities have downplayed such a scenario , insisting the situation appears under control and that radiation levels in the air are not dangerous . Still , as what they described as "  a precaution , " at least 180,000 people who live within 20 kilometers  12 miles  of the plant have been ordered to leave . "  The bottom line is that we just do n't know what 's going to happen in the next couple of days and , frankly , neither do the people who run the system , " added Dr. Ira Helfand , a member of the board of Physicians for Social Responsibility . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	NEW : A blast occurs Monday at the Daiichi 's plant No. 3 reactor building , an official says NEW : The official says he does n't believe there 's been a massive radioactive leak IAEA says the radiation near the Onagawa plant "  normal , " may be from Daiichi Authorities have not confirmed meltdowns , because the reactors are so hot
CNN  The underwater search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to double in size . Teams are scouring the depths of a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean for the remains of the passenger jet that disappeared more than a year ago with 239 people on board . So far , they 've covered about 60 % of the priority search zone without reporting any trace of the airliner . Families of passengers and crew members still have no answers about what happened to their loved ones . If the searchers have n't found anything by the time they 've covered the entire 60,000-square-kilometer priority zone , the search will stretch into a new equally vast area , government officials from Malaysia , Australia and China announced Thursday . "  Ministers remain committed to bring closure and some peace to the families and loved ones of those on board Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 , " the three countries said in a joint statement . The search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in May . Covering the new zone could take as long as a year . At that point , "  all high probability search areas would have been covered , " the governments said Thursday . The size of the doubled search area , the equivalent of more than 46,000 square miles , would be bigger than the U.S. state of Pennsylvania . Flight 370 vanished after taking off from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , on March 8 , 2014 , bound for Beijing . Officials are still trying to figure out why it veered dramatically off course over the sea between Malaysia and Vietnam and where exactly it ended up . An international team of experts used satellite data to calculate that the plane eventually went down in the southern Indian Ocean , far off the coast of Western Australia . The people on board the Boeing 777 came from various nations , but the majority were Chinese . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	Malaysia , Australia and China announce possible new phase of hunt for missing plane The search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in May
AOL Autos  -- If you have a heavy foot and may travel a bit over the speed limit , you might want to keep an eye out for these popular police car models . Not all police cars are as clearly marked as this one . What to watch for on the interstate The Ford Crown Victoria is the most popular police car currently in production . Renowned for its durability , many speeders have seen this unfortunate sight in their rear view mirror . But there are other patrol vehicles that road warriors should recognize , and many of them are faster than the popular Crown Vicky . Ford Crown Victoria Interceptor : The standard Officers value the Ford Crown Victoria Interceptor for its durability , size , and overall performance . These cruisers feature reinforced frames , a special 4.6-liter V-8 , and other heavy-duty components that enable them to handle high-speed chases . According to The Michigan State Police , the fastest Crown Victoria Interceptor will hit 128 mph . Chevrolet Impala : Under the radar The Chevy Impala is one of the best-selling cars in the U.S. . This makes it the perfect choice for police departments who want a car that blends in with traffic . The Impala 's familiar shape does n't stand out or call attention to itself . Fitted with the special Police Package  code 9C1  , this mid-size sedan with a 3.9-liter V-6 engine hits an impressive 140 mph . Chevrolet Tahoe : Probably not taking kids to soccer camp Some police departments need the strength and power that only a full-size SUV can deliver . Fitted with the special PPV option , the big Chevy Tahoe SUV can hit 133 mph thanks to its high-performance 5.3-liter V-8 with 320 horsepower . Look for the black wheels with tiny center hubcaps as a tip-off should you see one unmarked or without a light bar . Dodge Magnum : The wagon that knows how to haul Dodge produced their last Magnum police car in 2008 , but many police departments still have these station wagons in service . Fitted with the legendary 5.7-liter HEMI V-8 , the wagon can hit 131 mph and charge up to that speed with muscle-car type performance . The wagon sprints from 0-60 mph in under six seconds . AOL Autos : Wonder wagons HUMMER H3 : Special duty The H3 may be the smallest model in the HUMMER family , but it remains a very capable off-road vehicle . The police-version of the H3 is fortified for running off-road and carries other equipment necessary for police duty . The H3 can be equipped with a 5.3-liter V-8 , but high-speed pursuit is not this vehicle 's forte , except when the chase is across a desert , through fields , or over the Rubicon . Harley-Davidson Electra Glide : King of the road Police departments also utilize an assortment of motorcycles in their quest to keep motorists safe . The Michigan State Police test two-wheelers on an annual basis and the Harley-Davidson Electra Glide is a perennial favorite . While the Harley offers other performance benefits , with a top speed of just 104 mph , they are not the best for high-speed pursuits . Dodge Charger : That cop car 's got a HEMI ! The sight of a Dodge Charger police car should be enough to make you think twice about attempting to out run an officer behind the wheel of one of these . Equipped with the 5.7-liter HEMI V-8 , the Charger can hit a staggering 146 mph . This makes the Dodge the fastest mainstream police car available . But what about vehicles that are n't mainstream ? AOL Autos : Fast cars -- join the 600 horsepower club Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 Harper Woods , Michigan borders Detroit : It 's a relatively quiet bedroom community that packs a big surprise for anyone speeding on the section of Interstate 94 running across its borders : a 2005 Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 . Acquired to boost "  community relations " and to intimidate speeders , the Shelby 's supercharged 5.4-liter V-8 puts out 450 horsepower and will easily exceed 150 mph . AOL Autos : First drive of 2010 Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 Police ID : What to look for in unmarked vehicles Departments often use unmarked vehicles , many of which will be identical to their fully outfitted cruisers . Unmarked cars and trucks enable more stealthy operations . Tips for identifying unmarked police cars include looking for ; light bars mounted in the rear window , municipal license plates , painted black wheels , and dividers between the front and rear seats . AOL Autos : Cops in the sky Future cop car : Coming to a highway near you Carbon Motors , a new company located in Georgia , is developing the E7 , a purpose-built police interceptor . With a wheelbase of 122-inches and an overall length of 200-inches , the E7 is bigger than current Crown Victoria or Charger cop cars . Power for the E7 will be a 300-horsepower clean-diesel that should give the car a top-speed of 155 mph . AOL Autos : Speed cameras on U.S. roads	Ford Crown Victoria is the most popular police car currently in production Chevy Impalas blend in with traffic , but can hit 140 mph Dodge Magnum wagon sprints from 0-60 mph in under six seconds Police say a Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 intimidates speeders
San Diego  CNN  Marco is having a moment . As in Marco Rubio , the 43-year-old senator from Florida , who seems to be experiencing a resurgence in popularity among fellow Republicans . It 's something that just six months ago , few political observers could have predicted . And if Rubio is interested in applying for a job on Pennsylvania Avenue , as seems to be the case , the timing of this warm embrace could n't be better . On Friday , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney bowed out of the 2016 presidential campaign , telling supporters on a call that he believes it 's "  best to give other leaders in the party the opportunity " to become the nominee . "  I feel that it is critical that America elect a conservative leader to become our next president , " Romney said on the call . "  You know that I have wanted to be that president . But I do not want to make it more difficult for someone else to emerge who may have a better chance of becoming that president . " Could Rubio be that someone ? If so , a lot of people who know a lot about politics did n't see it coming . In fact , last summer , a Republican strategist who knows Rubio fairly well told me that not only was it not a foregone conclusion that the one-time GOP golden boy would seek the presidency in 2016 , but he might even hang it up altogether and not even run for re-election to the Senate . What 's unbelievable is that , at the time , I found this far-fetched assessment completely believable . Back then , Rubio seemed to be a man without a constituency . After landing on the cover of Time in February 2013 under the headline : "  The Republican Savior , " Rubio spent the next several months getting hammered by conservatives -- on cable television and talk radio -- for joining the Senate 's "  Gang of Eight " and proposing a comprehensive immigration reform bill that included a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants . Some of the attacks were comical ; a top Rubio aide told me that the Cuban-American , who was born in the United States , was getting nativist hate mail telling him to "  go back to Mexico . " Eventually , Rubio caved in to the pressure and backed away from his own legislation . As a result , he spent most of 2014 getting hammered by the left as a flip-flopper , while being distrusted by the right , which saw him as soft on illegal immigration . Making matters worse , by then , there was another player in this game : Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , who arrived in Washington in January 2013 and proceeded to do to the GOP establishment in the Senate what a candy-starved kid does to a piñata . The fire-breathing Cruz wasted no time in railing against "  amnesty " and quickly became the anti-Rubio , someone who conservatives could trust to keep the border secure  and the immigration debate safe from honesty and common sense  . With Cruz 's arrival , Rubio 's stock with the right dropped further . The self-described son of exiles was himself an exile from his own party . But that was then . Last month , Rubio got a Christmas present he could really use : a second chance . It came courtesy of the White House and President Barack Obama 's proposed policy change to open up relations with Cuba . Rubio 's parents left the island in 1956 , and so they are more accurately described as immigrants than refugees . But , once Fidel Castro took power in 1959 , they were never able to return . So , as Rubio has noted , they lived much of their lives in the United States feeling like exiles . Rubio opposes the Obama administration 's policy change , and he has won accolades from conservatives for offering a forceful counter view . Which brings us back to this moment . Think of it as the Rubio renaissance . The senator has done himself a lot of good by getting out of Washington and meeting with Republicans around the country . He is selling a new book , "  American Dreams : Restoring Economic Opportunity for Everyone . " He is also holding fundraisers , and , from the looks of it , gearing up to run for the GOP nomination for president . A CBS News poll earlier this month showed Rubio trailing Romney and Bush , but besting several other serious potential primary rivals , including Cruz , Texas Gov. Rick Perry , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker . With Romney out of the race , Rubio could soak up much of his support . One could assume that many of those who were "  for Romney " took that position because they did n't want to be "  for Bush . " Maybe now they 'll be "  for Rubio . " Rubio is already making a pitch to those voters . After the news broke that Romney was stepping aside , the senator said this : "  Over the past two years , there has n't been a day when I did n't think that Mitt Romney would have been a better president than Barack Obama . Over the years , I 've enjoyed getting to know Mitt and campaigning for him , was grateful for his support in my Senate race , and I know what a difficult decision this must be given his love of our country . He certainly earned the right to consider running , so I deeply respect his decision to give the next generation a chance to lead . " And guess who , at 43 , is part of the next generation ? Given that Bush and Rubio both hail from Florida , you have to wonder if both will actually end up running for president next year ; things could get a little crowded in the primary . At 61 , Bush has seniority . But do n't count on Rubio bowing out just to be polite . Much has been made about the fact that Bush is supposedly Rubio 's political mentor , but folks close to both men claim this narrative is overblown . They are two Florida Republicans , they have similar politics , and they draw from the same pool of supporters and donors . That 's it . Do n't expect any deference . All is fair in love , war and politics . It 's still very early in the 2016 saga . And yet the poll that really matters is the enthusiasm meter . These days , every time Rubio steps into a room , he takes control of it . He 's there on television , arguing against opening up Cuba and praising dissidents in Havana . He 's out talking about ISIS and other foreign policy issues , dueling with Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , who preaches a repackaged but still dangerous form of isolationism . And he appeared with Paul and Cruz at a recent forum in Palm Springs , California , and impressed attendees as someone who comes armed with substance , not just sound bites . A California Republican who saw Rubio speak during this week 's swing through the Golden State says she was reminded why she was once so enamored of him . She said he has good instincts , and that he is charming , smart , serious , and that he understands America 's unique role in the world . I would add that Rubio is also a fresh face and a master communicator who knows how to navigate the media . He is Latino , and the GOP needs to mend fences with that group . He is also bilingual , so he can bring the party 's message to immigrant audiences that Republicans usually avoid . All these tools will come in handy as Rubio enters the arena and begins the long journey to what his suddenly replenished ranks of supporters hope will be the securing of the Republican nomination . Pull up a chair . This is one moment that could last a while .	Mitt Romney tells supporters Friday he does not intend to run for president in 2016 Ruben Navarrette : Rubio gets a Christmas present he can really use : a second chance
-LSB- Breaking news update 1:35 p.m. ET -RSB- President Barack Obama knew there would be "  glitches " and said ahead of time there would be problems in the October 1 rollout of a key part of his health care initiative , but "  there is no question that we did not anticipate the scale of problems with the website , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said on Wednesday . Separately , Carney said the Department of Health and Human Services will begin conducting daily briefings on Thursday about progress toward fixing problems with the Healthcare.gov website . -LSB- Original story moved at 8:56 a.m. ET -RSB- Before it even launched , red flags went up about the Obamacare website . Health insurance companies complained about it , and the site crashed during a test run . But nobody told the President of any of it , the nation 's health chief told CNN . Kathleen Sebelius said President Barack Obama did n't hear that there may be problems with the sign-up portal for his signature health care law until it went live on October 1 . That 's when the site nosedived into a technical abyss . Rough Obamacare rollout : 4 reasons why In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta , the Health and Human Services secretary admitted that her department and the White House are displeased with the technically botched website 's rollout . "  No one could be more frustrated than I am and the President , " she said . The site was supposed to make it simple for people to search and sign up for new health care policies , but instead it 's been clunky and , at times , inoperable . And for Sebelius , that 's disappointing . "  We 're not at all satisfied with the workings of the website , " she said . "  We want it to be smooth and easy and let consumers compare plans . " Obama : No ` sugarcoating ' problems with website Bringing the ` A-Team ' A team of high-tech experts from within the government and from Silicon Valley is going to tackle the issues , Sebelius said . Jeff Zients , acting director of the Office of Management and Budget , will lead the team . So why were n't they brought in before the website launched October 1 ? "  We  had  hoped that they had their ` A-Team ' on the table " from the start , Sebelius said of the contractors and agencies responsible for the project . But now , she said , "  we want new eyes and ears . We want to make sure that we get all the questions on the table , that we get all the answers and accelerate the fix as quickly as possible . " The secretary attributed some problems to "  extremely high " volume , saying nearly 20 million people came to the Obamacare website in the first three weeks after its launch . Yet only 500,000 people have created accounts on the website . And not all of them have necessarily enrolled in health care plans . Obamacare applications near half a million It 's not like no one saw this coming . When the website crashed during a test run , just a few hundred users were on it . But the Obama administration went ahead with the launch . Waiting was not an option , Sebelius said . Report : Site failed ahead of rollout "  There are people in this country who have waited for decades for affordable health coverage for themselves and their families , " she said . Opinion : Obamacare a disaster that needs fixing A political lightning rod Sebelius ' comments struck some Republicans as surprising and even odd . "  At this point , she has a lot of questions to answer , and we look forward to her testimony in the House next week , " said Brendan Buck , a spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner . A Senate GOP leadership aide called the situation "  odd . " "  Everyone was surprised by her statement that the President was unaware of the website 's failures until a few days into it , " the aide told CNN . "  They had been claiming that the Obamacare rollout was his top priority and that he was receiving regular updates , which was inaccurate . And he gave remarks on October 1 about how great it was and that people should go sign up , " the aide said . "  Assuming that he did n't know that the website did n't work , why did they let him make that speech when they knew it had crashed in testing ? Did really no one recommend a delay to the President ? It just seems odd . " Before the website 's launch , Republicans made targeting the program a centerpiece of their agenda . Many insisted they would n't vote to fund the entire government unless Obamacare was defunded or delayed . They said that the website 's woes show that the Obama administration and the federal government generally are n't capable of executing what the GOP says was an ill-advised program from the get-go . "  God only knows how much money they 've spent , and it 's a failure , " Mitch McConnell , the Senate minority leader , said Sunday on CBS . "  The government is n't going to be able to get this job done correctly . " On the other side , Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire sent a letter to Obama asking that the open enrollment period be extended past March 31 , 2014 . She also asked that he consider delaying assessment of a penalty to those who do n't sign up for any health insurance before the so-called individual mandate kicks in . Even Obama has been critical , insisting Monday that there 's "  no excuse for the problems . " But he also said the problems should not amount to a blanket condemnation of the Affordable Care Act . "  Nobody 's madder than me about the website not working as well as it should , " Obama said , "  which means it 's going to get fixed . " Calls for resignation Several top Republicans -- including 2012 vice presidential nominee Rep. Paul Ryan -- have called on Sebelius to step down due to the program 's problems . The secretary skirted questions Tuesday about whether she 'd step down , saying only that she works "  at the pleasure of the President " and is committed to her job . "  I think my job is to get this fully implemented and to get the website working right , " she told Gupta . Billionaire investor Warren Buffett stood up for Sebelius in an interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan on Tuesday night . "  I am a friend of Kathleen 's , and I 'm a friend of her when she 's in trouble , " he said . "  I like Kathleen . I feel sorry for her in the position she 's in . Obviously , it 's a huge screw-up , but it will get worked out . " Sebelius refused to give a timetable Tuesday as to when the website will be fully operational , but she insisted it 's improving every day . "  More people are having an easier time , " she said , "  and we intend to stay at this until we open the doors wide open . " Rubio calls for delay of Obamacare sign-up deadline And it 's too early to call the rollout a failure , the health secretary said . There 's still a long time for people to take advantage in person , by calling or by using the website during the open enrollment period . When that six-month stretch is over , Sebelius said , people can better decide whether this part of Obamacare is a success or a failure . CNN Fact Check : Obamacare	HHS secretary 's comments "  surprising , " Senate GOP leadership aide tells CNN Delaying the website 's launch was "  not really an option , " the nation 's health chief says She says an "  A-Team " of experts is coming in , 3 weeks after the website 's launch Warren Buffett : "  It 's a huge screw-up , but it will get worked out "
CNN  -- As President Barack Obama and former Gov. Mitt Romney crisscrossed the country during the final week of the 2012 presidential campaign , few people were able to see the candidates in their most candid and unguarded moments , except for their personal photographers . Several weeks ago , CNN invited each campaign team to submit images from the last week of the race , from Friday , Oct. 26 through Saturday , Nov. 3 . Little did anyone know that the last week would be dominated not by last-minute stops in swing states and wall-to-wall speeches to rally the party faithful , but rather one story : Superstorm Sandy . Here are images provided exclusively to CNN by the Romney campaign , displayed in chronological order and shot by photographer Eric Draper . Draper , who served as President George W. Bush 's personal photographer and head of the White House Photo Office , joined the Romney campaign this summer . Click here to see a similar gallery from the Obama campaign .	CNN asked each campaign to submit photos from the final week before Election Day Eric Draper , Romney 's photographer , also served as President George W. Bush 's personal photographer These photographs are exclusive to CNN
Beijing  CNN  -- He is China 's most outspoken critic . But when he won his freedom after three months in prison , it came with a cost -- that he keep quiet . One day after Ai Weiwei was released on bail , the dissident artist remained at home , unable to speak with anyone about why he was detained or what awaits him now . All he was able to tell reporters was that he was all right . The terms of his bail stipulated that he not talk to the media . "  And he has reached an agreement with the authorities and that agreement is that he will not say anything about what happened during the 80 days that he was held incommunicado and also that he will desist from any advocacy of the rule of law , human rights or criticism of the government , " said Nicholas Bequelin of Human Right Watch , Ai 's release came without much fanfare . It was quietly reported Wednesday by the state-run Xinhua news agency . Many in Beijing Thursday seemed unaware that he had been freed . A group of journalists and supporters gathered at his home and studio , hoping to be able to speak to him . Ai looked haggard and thinner . He managed a smile but declined to answer questions . "  I 'm fine , " he said . "  I 'm sorry I can not talk . I am on probation , please understand . " It was not a customary answer from the provocative conceptual artist , renowned as a harsh , uncompromising critic of Chinese government policies . He 's most famous for designing the Bird 's Nest stadium for the 2008 Beijing Olympics . But later Ai called for a boycott of the games because he said China was using them as propaganda . He also has accused the Chinese government of trying to silence dissidents . Ai was seized April 3 while planning to board a plane to Hong Kong and later accused of economic crimes , a move that prompted international condemnation and added to criticism over China 's controversial record on human rights . He was never formally charged or tried . Ai 's Beijing studio was raided , and his wife and eight assistants were taken into custody for questioning . Beijing police accused him of evading a "  huge amount " of taxes , Xinhua reported in May , more than a month after he was detained . Investigators accused Ai 's company of intentionally destroying accounting documents . His prolonged detention sparked international outcry , especially among artists and museum officials in the United States and Europe . He became a rallying point among human rights activists overseas who condemned China 's crackdown on political dissidents , lawyers , artists and religious groups . Observers in Beijing said it may not be coincidental that Ai 's release on Wednesday took place on the eve of Premier Wen Jiabao 's upcoming visit to Hungary , Britain and Germany , where Ai enjoys wide support among artists and politicians . The news came after more than 140,000 people in 175 nations joined a campaign spearheaded by Change.org that urged the artist 's immediate release . Leading art institutions including the Guggenheim Museum , the Museum of Modern Art , London 's Tate Modern and the Association of Art Museum Directors were part of the campaign . Fellow activist Zhao Lianhai cheered Ai 's release , but expressed concern about the current situation , especially the ongoing crackdown on dissent . On China 's cyberspace , Ai 's name is nowhere to be found , censored out of existence . Even words with the slightest connection to Ai -- AWW , or "  the fat guy " -- are blocked , too . Some Chinese netizens tried to camouflage their postings . "  The man whose name can not be mentioned is released ! " read one post . International reporting on Ai , including on CNN , was blacked out . China 's mainstream press has largely downplayed Ai Weiwei 's release ; most newspapers ignored it . Ai will not be on Twitter , Facebook or on television . Under bail conditions , he has lost his freedom of speech , said Jerome Cohen , adjunct senior fellow for Asia studies at the Council on Foreign Relations . "  He 's got to keep quiet and behave according to the criteria of the Chinese police for the foreseeable future , " Cohen said . "  He 's not the only one . This has happened many times before , " said Cohen , also a professor at NYU School of Law . Beijing police told state media that Ai had been released on bail because of his good attitude in confessing his alleged crimes and also said he was suffering from a chronic disease . It is not clear to what disease police were referring . Ai has also said that he is willing to pay the taxes he allegedly evaded , police told Xinhua . Relatives and human rights groups said they believe Chinese authorities targeted him because of his irreverent commentary on modern Chinese society , though the Chinese government denied his activism had anything to do with his detention . "  He is not alone in this position and in fact shares it with many human rights lawyers , writers , activists and young people online , " filmmaker Alison Klayman recently told CNN . "  A lot of the censorship that happens in China is self-censorship , and I think the fact that Weiwei does n't engage in self-censorship is a big reason why people gravitate to him , " said Klayman , whose feature film "  Ai Weiwei : Never Sorry " is set to be released this fall . But for now , Ai will have to be silent . CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	Ai Weiwei was released Wednesday night He is known for his irreverent commentary on China But the conditions of his bail bar him from speaking to the media He tells reporters he is fine but can not talk
A very public squabble between two top Republican politicians who might be leading contenders for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination has grabbed clicks online and airtime on cable news . The war of words between New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky over national security , civil liberties and federal spending is also a proxy for the bigger battle for the future of the Republican Party . Here are five things we 're learning from their spat . 1 . The fight for the 2016 GOP nomination is under way It 's only the summer of 2013 , but the intensity of the exchanges between Christie and Paul makes it feel like late 2015 in some ways , with the start of the caucus and primary season just weeks away . The back and forth started last week when Christie , at a forum in Colorado with other GOP governors , slammed Paul for his criticism of government surveillance to battle terrorists . "  This strain of libertarianism that 's going through parties right now and making big headlines , I think , is a very dangerous thought , " Christie said . Asked if Paul was one of the people he was pointing toward , Christie added : "  You can name any number of people and he 's one of them . " Paul pushed back . "  I 'm the one trying to grow the party by talking about libertarian ideas of privacy and the Internet and attacking me is n't helping the party . He 's hurting the party , " Paul said in an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on "  The Situation Room . " Rep. Peter King of New York , who 's also considering a run for the White House , also jumped into the fray with comments critical of the libertarian-leaning senator . "  He wants to retreat from the world . He wants to isolate ourselves , go back to a fortress America , " King told Blitzer on Wednesday . Senate rejects Rand Paul-backed plan to end aid to Egypt 2 . This is far from over While this round may be finished , others are sure to follow . On Wednesday , Paul made a pitch for the two men to sit down and talk it out , hoping to ease tensions . "  I 'm inviting him to a beer -- anytime he would like to come down and sit down at the pub right around the corner from the Senate , " Paul said in an interview on Fox News , adding that proposed get-together did n't have to be in the nation 's capital . "  We could always negotiate a middle ground like Philadelphia maybe , " said Paul . That did n't seem to fly with the tough-talking governor . "  I 'm running for re-election in New Jersey , I do n't really have time for that at the moment . If I find myself in Washington , I 'll certainly look him up , " Christie said in a radio interview on New Jersey 101.5 . "  But I 've got work to do here . " Expect the action to pick up again in the future . "  This is just the beginning . This is not going to stop , " CNN Chief National Correspondent John King said . GOP strategist and CNN contributor Ana Navarro agreed . "  I think we are going to end up with a Republican primary that looks a lot like a cage match , " she said . 3 . War of words illustrates bigger battle Sure , this is about 2016 , but it 's also about a much bigger fight for the future of the GOP . Most Republicans agree : Major changes are needed if the party wants to be competitive in future presidential elections . But a new poll of Republicans nationwide also indicates that there 's little agreement on the direction the GOP should take . That 's playing out in the fireballs between Christie and Paul : The New Jersey governor represents the more traditional establishment wing of the party , with Paul the standard-bearer for the libertarian and grassroots conservative/tea party wing . With losses in the last two presidential elections still stinging , two-thirds of Republicans questioned in the Pew Research Center poll say that the GOP needs to address major problems to do better in future presidential contests . Three in 10 disagree , saying the party just needs to address minor problems . Along those lines , nearly six in 10 say the party needs to reconsider some positions , with 36 % saying the GOP needs to make a stronger case for its current policies . Rep. King : Rand Paul should n't be face of GOP But there 's less agreement on what the path the party should take . By 54 % -40 % margin , Republican and Republican-leaning voters say party leaders should move in a more conservative direction , with four in 10 urging a more moderate direction . "  Not surprisingly , conservatives and those who agree with the tea party overwhelmingly favor moving in a more conservative direction , while moderates and liberals would like to see the party take more centrist positions . Yet the more moderate wing of the party is a minority generally , and makes up an even smaller share of the likely primary electorate , " Pew said in releasing the poll . King said that ensures a "  spirited debate " in the months ahead . "  They have to deal with the immigration issue again . They have that ditch with Latino voters . Taxes and spending . " McCain : Tough choice between Clinton and Rand Paul 4 . Chris Christie does n't pull punches Yes , we knew this . But this episode reminds us of how blunt Christie can be . While Paul seemed on Wednesday to be trying to bring the scuffle to an end , Christie held his ground . "  At the end of the day , I did n't call him any names , yet he called me names , " Christie said in his radio interview Wednesday . "  I just have to assume from that that he 's just trying to get attention . " Christie was talking about his initial comments that sparked the feud , adding : "  It really had nothing to do with Senator Paul , but Senator Paul wanted to make it about Senator Paul , " Christie added . Christie speaks his mind , which appeals to voters , and not just Republicans . While Paul has a higher favorable rating among Republicans than Christie , according to the Pew poll , Christie has crossover appeal with Independents and Democrats that Paul ca n't match . 5 . Did Paul go there ? Paul accused Christie of harming national security by hoarding federal relief money for Superstorm Sandy victims . Christie responded by calling on Paul to cut federal pork spending in Kentucky . "  But I doubt he would because most Washington politicians only care about bringing home the bacon so that they can get re-elected , " Christie charged on Tuesday . Paul responded later in the day on "  The Situation Room , " saying , "  This is the king of bacon talking about bacon . " Was there more to Paul 's "  bacon " comment than just pork spending ? Paul advisers say it had nothing to do with Christie 's weight , which was an issue when he first ran for governor in 2009 . While it 's not a problem for Christie as he appears to cruise towards re-election , it will most definitely come up again and again if he opts to run for the White House .	War of words between Rand Paul and Chris Christie reflects division among Republicans Paul represents conservative-libertarian wing of the party , Christie represents moderates GOP strategist predicts Republican primaries will look ' a lot like a cage match ' Was Paul 's ` king of bacon ' comment about Christie 's weight ?
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri , a former top deputy to Saddam Hussein and more recently a key figure in Sunni extremist groups battling the Iraqi government , has been killed in a security operation in that country , Iraqi state-run television reported Friday . Al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of Hussein 's regime to evade capture -- the "  King of Clubs " in a deck of playing cards used by American troops to identify the most-wanted regime officials . He also was a man thought to have led the post-Hussein Sunni extremist group Naqshbandi Army . Military analysis website Globalsecurity.org says the Naqshbandi Army supports ISIS , which has taken over parts of Iraq and Syria . Al-Douri was killed in an operation by Iraqi security forces and Shia militia members in the Hamrin Mountains between Tikrit and Kirkuk , Iraq , Shia militia commander Hadi al-Ameri said . That militia is a predominantly Shiite fighting group that worked with Iraqi troops earlier this month to liberate the Iraqi city of Tikrit from ISIS . The death of al-Douri was also reported by the governor of Salahuddin province , Raid al-Jubouri , who spoke by phone on Iraqi television . Al-Douri 's body arrived Friday in Baghdad , where DNA samples were taken to confirm the identity , said the spokesman of another Shiite militia called Hashd Shaabi in an interview with state-run Iraqiya TV . DNA test results could be available in 48 hours , Hashd Shaabi spokesman Yousuf al-Kilabi told the outlet . The U.S. military is aware of the media reports but does n't have further information to evaluate them , said Col. Patrick Ryder , spokesman for U.S. Central Command . While officials are aware of al-Douri 's role in the Hussein regime , Ryder declined to comment about whether the United States or the coalition was targeting any specific individuals . Al-Douri was a military commander and vice chairman of the country 's revolutionary command council in Hussein 's Sunni-dominated regime -- effectively Hussein 's No. 2 man . Hussein 's regime fell during a U.S.-led invasion in 2003 . The U.S. military had said that after the Iraqi leader 's fall , al-Douri helped finance a Sunni insurgency with money he transferred to Syria before the government collapsed . A month before the invasion , al-Douri presided over a military parade in Mosul , an event covered by CNN , and his participation became one of the last times he was seen in public , covered by CNN . Al-Douri saluted troops from the reviewing stand as they marched by . Then , just days before the U.S. invasion , al-Douri addressed an emergency summit of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to discuss ultimately unsuccessful ways to avert the war . Al-Douri accused the United States of aggression and blamed Kuwait for his country 's suffering , calling leaders of the neighboring Gulf state "  traitors " for cooperating with the United States and Israel . That comment prompted the Kuwaiti representative to stand up and protest , to which al-Douri countered , "  Shut up , sit down you small agent -LSB- of the U.S. -RSB- , you monkey ! " Kuwaiti television cut away from the heated exchange and rejoined the conference later . Al-Douri 's efforts were all in vain . The United States invaded Iraq on March 19 , 2003 , ousting Hussein , al-Douri and the entire regime . In subsequent years , several claims asserted that al-Douri was either killed or captured during the war and its aftermath . At the same time , a man claiming to be al-Douri released a number of audio messages over the years taunting Iraqi and U.S. officials . In 2012 , a series of videos appeared online purporting to show al-Douri deriding the Shiite-led government that took over Iraq after Hussein 's ouster . CNN could n't independently verify the authenticity of those videos on YouTube or the identity of the man speaking , though he bore a striking resemblance to al-Douri . In the clips , the man who claimed to be al-Douri wore an olive military uniform and sat behind a desk with an Iraqi flag in the background . He derided Iraq 's Shiite-dominated government , led by then-Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , as well as what he described as meddling by neighboring Iran . Al-Maliki 's Dawa party , says al-Douri , "  has announced Iraq as the Shiite capital . " At that time , nine years had passed since the invasion and , al-Douri claimed that Iraq was still in peril . "  Everyone can hear the sounds of danger echoing daily and threatening the country , " he said . The videos were posted on what was the 65th anniversary of the Arab Socialist Baath Party , a political party founded in Syria that later provided the political basis for Hussein 's now outlawed Baath Party . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali reported from Baghdad . CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote from Atlanta and Michael Martinez from Los Angeles . CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed from Washington , D.C.	U.S. military does n't have further information to evaluate the Iraqi media reports Al-Douri 's body arrives in Baghdad where DNA samples are taken Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein 's regime to evade capture
CNN  -- This week in iReport , we 're looking at one of the hottest topics of discussion lately : President Obama 's decision to send more troops into Afghanistan . iReporters had a lot to say about this issue , but that 's not all . iReporters showed us long lines all around the U.S. for Black Friday , and one shared the story of survivors still suffering 25 years after a major industrial accident in India . Finally , a giant condom was unfurled in observance of World AIDS Day . Obama 's Afghanistan plan -- iReporters certainly were n't at a loss for words when it came to President Obama 's recent decision to send 30,000 more troops into Afghanistan . Some believed that he was right in listening to his generals and doing exactly that . Others said that it was time for the troops to come home . No matter how iReporters felt about the issue , it was certainly a spirited debate . Chemical disaster -- We looked at powerful international stories this week . One video commemorated the 25th anniversary of a chemical gas disaster in Bhopal , India . On December 3 , 1984 , 40 tons of poisonous chemicals escaped a Union Carbide chemical plant . iReporter Joel Gershon told us people are still suffering health problems from the tragedy , and he interviewed people who remember the accident and are feeling its effects . World AIDS Day -- We also saw something a bit offbeat , but with a serious message . Gert Ungerer shared the story of a giant canvas "  condom " placed over a lighthouse on the northern coast of South Africa to bring awareness of World AIDS Day . The region has felt the serious effects of AIDS . Ungerer 's video outlined how the condom structure was put up and how it looks in daylight . Camping out for Black Friday -- Black Friday , the day after Thanksgiving , signals the start of the holiday shopping season , when people rush stores at the crack of dawn in hopes of scoring some major deals . We received photos and videos of lines and crowded stores all over the United States . Dedicated shoppers brought blankets and tents to make the wait more bearable , and some people waited for days to get the best sales . iReporter Asa Thibodaux visited a Best Buy in Maple Grove , Minnesota , to talk to some of the shoppers in line . You may be surprised at what they planned to buy .	iReporters weighed in on President Obama 's Afghanistan plan Effects of a major industrial disaster were still being felt 25 years later Shoppers camped out to take advantage of Black Friday Tell your stories at CNN iReport
A woman shot by her former boyfriend in a Chicago Nordstrom store has died , the retailer said on its verified Facebook page . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with her family and friends , " the post read . The bustling store was packed with holiday shoppers late Black Friday , when a man opened fire on the seasonal employee before turning the gun on himself , Chicago officials said . He targeted "  his girlfriend or ex-girlfriend " on the second floor , according to John Escalante , the Chicago police chief of detectives . He died at the scene , and the woman was initially critically injured , said spokesman Larry Langford of the Chicago Fire Department . She was taken to the Northwestern Memorial Hospital . Panicked shoppers bolted when gunfire rang out . "  I 'm a big guy , and people were knocking me over , " shopper Scott Balloch told CNN affiliate WLS . "  My feeling was just get the hell out of there . " Nordstrom said that store will remain closed until further notice , according to the affiliate .	The employee died late Saturday , Nordstrom said on its verified Facebook page Police : The man targeted his girlfriend or ex-girlfriend The shooter died from his self-inflicted wound , police said The store will remain closed until further notice
CNN  -- Twenty children and six adults killed in a town in Connecticut . Why ? As someone who listens to killers as an expert psychological witness in murder cases , I have spent much of the last 20 years trying to understand how and why young men kill , maim and attack others . Killings like those in Newtown , Connecticut ; Aurora , Colorado ; and Virginia Tech are always met with expressions of shock , anger and sadness . These are understandable first reactions , but in the long run they accomplish nothing . So long as the discussion does not move beyond labeling these events "  senseless violence , " horrors such as these never move us closer to a place of deeper understanding . Greater understanding is crucial because understanding leads to more peace and less violence through preventive action . All the crime scene investigations in the world will not do this . Although all our instincts urge us to dissociate from the killer , achieving better understanding requires us to put ourselves in his shoes no matter how frightening and distasteful that may be . I have done this over the past 20 years , and I have learned that it 's the only way we can understand a fundamental truth : Although to the rest of us , the observers and the victims , extreme acts of violence seem "  senseless , " these murderous acts make sense to the shooters . Masculinity , mental illness and guns : A lethal equation This is true whether it 's Adam Lanza in Newtown , Connecticut ; James Holmes in Aurora , Colorado ; Seung-Hui at Virginia Tech ; Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris in Columbine , Colorado , and the many thousands of others who wage war against their society , either in the form of high-profile massacres or the daily grind of shootings around the country that barely make the local news . How do we go about this process of "  making sense , " not as a way of excusing but as a path to understanding and preventing violence ? We start by recognizing that many young Americans  and other young people around the world  develop and carry with them a kind of moral damage , which I have come to call "  the war zone mentality . " However it develops , they grow up with a damaged sense of reality . They view the world as if they are soldiers confronting a hostile environment that they perceive to be full of enemies . Once they get fixated on this damaged world view , they may hatch the delusion that even teachers and young children are their enemies . For Adam Lanza , apparently even his mother was an enemy who had to be destroyed . There is no one cause . It is as if they are building a tower of blocks , one by one , that can get so high it falls over , with innocent people dying . These building blocks can be found in a dangerous neighborhood or a school rife with bullying . They can be found through the Internet and mass media : the many , many web sites and videos that promote paranoid views of the world and validate violent action in retaliation . Thinking twice about violent video games They can be found in pervasive and intense playing of video games , the hands-on virtual violence that desensitizes young people to proxy killing . These games become a psychological pathway to real killing by dampening impulses of compassion and altruism . They also come from a culture that supports access to lethal weapons : the crazy availability of guns like the Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle used by Adam Lanza that are , in effect , weapons of mass destruction when turned against children at school , or moviegoers in a theater or shoppers at a mall . These weapons have no place in civilian life . But moral damage and a misperception of reality usually are not enough to lead to murder . The typical killer is emotionally damaged and has developed mental health problems , perhaps exacerbated by being bullied and rejected by peers , or abused and neglected at home . He might be suffering from profound sadness , depression , despair , self aggrandizement and narcissism . The mental health problems that result from emotional damage require more , not less , social support , and not just from parents , who may be overwhelmed and ashamed of their offspring . The boys and young men can be socially isolated because their damage makes peers and the community turn away from them , and that only compounds their problems . Couple deluded thinking and rage with the rationale of the war zone mentality , and the result can be a boy or young man ready to kill , sometimes with horribly spectacular results . But this is more commonly seen in the "  routine " killings that I work with as a psychological expert witness in murder cases across the country . Opinion : Get serious about mental health care The crucial point is that even "  crazy " people operate in a particular culture , a particular society , a particular time and place , and within a certain world view of how to manage your rage , your hurt , and your sadness . While not uniquely American  it has happened in recent years in Europe and the Middle East  , the mass murder that took place in Newtown , Connecticut , is especially American . Our socially toxic culture promotes paranoia , desensitization to violence , almost unlimited access to lethal weapons , opportunities to practice mass murder via realistic "  point and shoot " video games and games that justify violence as a legitimate form of vengeance in pursuit of an individual 's or group 's idea of justice . So what do we do ? We can improve mental health services in schools and communities . Right now many parents are frustrated that there is nowhere to go with their troubled kids . We can work harder at getting kids to share disturbing information with adults with the confident expectation that those adults will help not punish and stigmatize . We can get behind efforts to rid our country of semi-automatic weapons and prohibit high-capacity ammunition clips for any gun . We can step up efforts to prevent kids from having access to the point-and-shoot violent video games . We can work harder at creating emotionally safe schools where bullying and rejection are antithetical to school spirit . One part of this is teaching boys that being compassionate and emotionally expressive is part of manhood in the 21st century . If we do n't help , there will be more dead and wounded . It has become an American phenomenon . Only by getting close to killers and finding out what we need to do to integrate troubled boys and young men into society do we have any hope of preventing more carnage . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of James Garbarino .	James Garbarino : Violence that seems senseless to us makes sense to shooters He says troubled , lonely boys can perceive the world as hostile and full of enemies Garbarino : View fostered by web sites promoting paranoia , shooting video games Culture supports access to weapons , he says , entertainment promotes violence
Nearly 800,000 Hong Kongers have done something China 's 1.3 billion people can only dream of : cast a ballot to demand a democratic government . In an unofficial referendum organized by pro-democracy activists and denounced by Chinese authorities , 787,767 people in the city of more than seven million have called for the right to directly elect their next leader . But Beijing has insisted Hong Kong politics stays in line with Chinese rule , paving the way for a showdown in the city . Who are the activists ? Occupy Central is a pro-democracy group founded in 2013 . Their goal is to allow the Hong Kong public to elect its next leader without strings attached . If the Hong Kong government does n't eventually give the public more voting rights , Occupy Central has threatened to "  occupy " Central district , the city 's financial hub , with a sit-in that would disrupt businesses and block traffic . How is Hong Kong governed now ? Hong Kong is a Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China , with its own executive , legislature , and judiciary . A former British colony , the city was returned to Chinese control in 1997 . But before the handover , China and the United Kingdom signed an agreement giving Hong Kong a "  high degree of autonomy " for 50 years after its return to China . This enshrined a principle known as "  one country , two systems " in a constitutional document called the Basic Law . A few weeks ago , the Chinese government released a strongly-worded white paper that said Hong Kong does not have "  full autonomy " and asserted that ultimate power over the city lay with Beijing . But many pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong see this as a violation of "  one country , two systems . " Currently , Hong Kong 's leader , known as the chief executive , is elected by a small committee . In 2012 , this committee selected Leung Chun-ying , a staunch Beijing choice , who remains in power today . What 's the referendum all about ? The Hong Kong government has promised residents they will be able to vote for their own leader by 2017 , but here 's the catch : Beijing says it will only allow candidates who "  love China . " Occupy Central responded by organizing an unofficial city-wide referendum , which asked people to choose between three ways to reform Hong Kong 's voting system . All three plans proposed that candidates be nominated publicly , regardless of whether the candidates have Beijing 's blessing . To put it simply , anyone who voted in the referendum essentially said they wanted to have their own say in Hong Kong 's political future . What were the results ? The 10-day voting period began June 20 and asked voters to choose between one of three proposals to reform the city 's election process . Organizers had expected only 100,000 votes for what was originally just a two-day voting period . The final tally of valid ballots cast came to 787,767 , with 42 % going towards a proposal from the Alliance for True Democracy that said candidates for Hong Kong 's chief executive should be nominated by the public , and conditions such as requiring candidates to "  love China , love Hong Kong " should not be allowed . Activists say the large overall turnout is a clear indicator of Hong Kong 's discontent with Chinese government policies . "  Whatever Beijing may say in public now I think it can hardly afford to ignore the voices of 780,000 Hong Kong people , " Anson Chan , former Chief Secretary of Hong Kong told CNN . READ MORE : After ` votes , ' Hong Kong readies for massive protest How has Beijing reacted ? The Chinese government is not amused . China 's Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office declared the unofficial referendum to be "  unlawful . " In an editorial published June 23 , the state-run Global Times called it an "  illegal farce . " The next day , another editorial accused activists of sowing "  hatred . " Hong Kong 's Beijing-backed chief executive has said none of the proposals being voted are legal . However , he has also said that none of the voters will face criminal consequences . Meanwhile , China 's censorship machine has been active on the issue . Internet searches for "  Occupy Central " were completely blocked within mainland China , while searches for Hong Kong-related topics were among the most heavily censored , according to Chinese social media visualizer Weiboscope . As voting went underway , newscast signals from Hong Kong were also reportedly blacked out in China 's neighboring Guangdong province , where Chinese residents normally enjoy access to Hong Kong TV . Organizers of the referendum also claim their website has been hit by significant cyberattacks , though it is unclear where the attacks may have originated from . What about the sit-in ? If the Hong Kong government does n't reform its electoral system in line with what Occupy Central is asking for , the group says it will marshal 10,000 people to sit and peacefully block traffic in downtown Hong Kong as a way to pressure Beijing into allowing Hong Kong to exercise "  genuine universal suffrage . " Given Beijing 's uncompromising response to the referendum so far , it seems Occupy Central 's activities are increasingly likely to occur . But nobody knows how much disruption the protest may cause . Hong Kong 's security chief has warned the protest could turn violent , and "  things could get out of control . " Others have warned that Occupy Central could disrupt Hong Kong 's typically stable economy . What else is going on ? It 's been a month of political activism in the city . A 25th anniversary vigil for the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown victims drew around 100,000 people , and the subsequent release of Beijing 's white paper only riled up the city 's politically-minded residents even further . On July 1 , Hong Kongers will stage an annual pro-democracy protest march . The turnout is expected to be huge . We could be seeing tens , if not hundreds of thousands of people . Later , Occupy Central reportedly plans to organize a follow-up referendum , which will give voters a choice between the most popular reform solution , and the government 's proposal . READ MORE : Alarm in Hong Kong at Chinese white paper affirming Beijing control	At least 780,000 Hong Kongers have voted in an unofficial referendum The referendum asked residents to choose between 3 plans for democracy in the city The Chinese government has called the referendum "  unlawful "
CNN  -- In his recent CNN column , Bill Bennett lambasts Obama campaign 's slide show ad , "  The Life of Julia , " as the epitome of government reliance propaganda . The conservative commentator protests that nothing less than our very liberty is at stake when a cartoon woman is depicted being aided at points in her life by the president 's policies , and the cries of outrage emanating from Fox News indicate that many a right-wing pundit have heeded his call . But when Bennett zeros in on his concerns that Julia is depicted with no man and no church in her life , his true agenda starts to come clearly into focus , and along with it , the core contradiction of the conservative ideology . The Republican Party claims to stand for individual liberty and opportunity , but it actually believes that only some individuals are worthy of those fundamental rights . As the slide show depicts Julia using the opportunities provided to her through government programs to excel in school , in parenting and in starting a small business , Bennett quakes with frustration that she is doing so without a man . At one point , he bellows , "  Instead , the state has taken their place and is her primary relationship . " But his core charge is ludicrous . Just because the story does n't introduce a male character does not mean that Julia 's life is bereft of relationships . With or without a man , the truth is that any woman will face most of the situations shown in the slide show at some point in her lifetime and will be at a competitive disadvantage without programs that offer equal opportunity to succeed personally and professionally . Conservatives who continue to wage a war on women 's health and economic parity willfully ignore the basic facts facing American women today . Seventy years after Rosie the Riveter popularized the idea of women in the workplace -- or at least as factory line workers while the men were at war -- women still only make 77 cents on the dollar compared with men for doing the same job . Innovative and entrepreneurial women fare no better . Male-founded start-ups receive four times more venture capital funding over female-founded start-ups . Women-led companies are twice as likely to get debt versus equity capital , requiring that women shoulder more of the risk on their own . Despite research showing that gender diversity within senior ranks of organizations translates into financial value , especially when innovation is part of the equation , women have not gained much footing . Moreover , according to the 2010 census , four million more women than men live in poverty in the United States . And what about that government with which Bennett is so concerned ? It must be rife with women who want to bilk the system for women like Julia , right ? Wrong . The number of women representing Americans in Congress fell in 2010 for the first time in 30 years . Women went from 93 seats in the House and the Senate to 90 combined . Women represent less than 17 % of leadership at the federal level , a number that qualifies the U.S. for a rank of 73 in the world for female representation in government . We 're tied with Turkmenistan . Women like Julia have systematically watched the right wing try to take away their opportunities and liberties . Republicans have repeatedly voted against fair pay provisions , parental leave , job training and other proposals that allow women to obtain and pursue opportunity through their lives at the same rate as their male counterparts . The budget of U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , slashes nutritional assistance that would disproportionately affect women and children , while providing billions in tax cuts for already wealthy individuals , the vast majority of whom are men or couples where the primary wage earner is male . It is no longer shocking that Republicans continue to fight against equality ; their actions have been consistent and focused on eroding women 's rights and economic security . The only shocking fact is that Bennett and other conservatives believe they can claim the mantle of "  liberty " and "  opportunity . " Julia and millions of other American women will secure their own liberty and opportunity only when the GOP stops trying to prevent our democracy from doing what it was designed to do : Offer all Americans an equal chance at success . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ilyse Hogue .	Conservatives criticize Obama campaign 's ad , "  The Life of Julia , " as big government Ilyse Hogue : GOP continues to wage a war on women 's health and economic parity She says women are at a competitive disadvantage if not for government programs Hogue : Republicans claim to stand for individual liberty and opportunity , but it 's false
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The United Nations issued an urgent plea Wednesday for helicopters as the death toll from weeks of massive flooding in Pakistan reached 1,600 people . "  We need at least 40 additional heavy-lift helicopters , working at full capacity , to reach the huge numbers of increasingly desperate people with life-saving relief , " Marcus Prior of the World Food Programme said in a statement . The United States will send four more helicopters and an amphibious ready group to Pakistan , U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Michael Nagata said from Pakistan Wednesday . By next week , at least 23 U.S. helicopters will be in the country ferrying relief supplies and rescuing people in and around the Swat River valley in northern Pakistan , Nagata said . Floodwaters have washed away critical roads and bridges throughout the country , but especially in the mountainous areas of Gilgit Baltistan and Pakistani-administered Kashmir , and in the Swat Valley of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . "  In northern areas that are cut off , markets are short of vital supplies , and prices are rising sharply . People are in need of food staples to survive , " Prior said . The United Nations estimates that 800,000 people in need of humanitarian aid across Pakistan are accessible only by air . The United Nations Children 's Fund -- UNICEF -- and its partners estimated Wednesday that 2.5 million people in flood-devastated areas of the country have access to clean water . But an estimated 3.5 million have only contaminated water for drinking , bathing and washing , which puts them at risk for diarrheal diseases . "  Clean water is vital , " said Martin Mogwanja , humanitarian coordinator in the South Asian nation , in a news release . So far , 3.2 million people have received medical attention in affected areas since the floods began last month , the United Nations said . In all , 462,000 cases of diarrhea , 596,700 cases of skin diseases , and 441,000 of acute respiratory infections have been tallied , it said . And nearly 65,000 cases of malaria have been reported in the south , especially Baluchistan and Sindh , where stagnant water provides breeding grounds for mosquitoes . Over three weeks , Pakistan 's floods have claimed nearly 1,600 lives , the national disaster management authority said Wednesday . They have affected more than 17 million people , leaving some 4 million homeless . An estimated 6 million people are in need of emergency shelter , of which just over 1 million have received tents or plastic tarps . And thousands of people are still fleeing . In Shahdadkot , floodwaters were pouring out of breaches , threatening to drown the entire city of 400,000 people , the United Nations ' refugee agency said . In Sindh 's Thatta district , 150,000 displaced people are in need of shelter . About 80 percent of the area around the Sindh town of Jacobabad was underwater and people in neighboring Balochistan province feared they will be hit equally hard . In Gandhaka , people climbed to rooftops , said a release from the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . Adding to the misery , the forecast calls for more monsoon rain across upper Pakistan through Thursday . The United Nations says it still needs $ 200 million more in aid to cope with the crisis . CNN 's Ed Payne and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Hundreds of thousands of people needing aid can be reached only by helicopter Pakistan 's death toll is approaching 1,600 Monsoon rains are forecast for upper Pakistan
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The Rev. Martin Luther King is looking down on the United States , smiling , Otis Sutton said Wednesday . Otis Sutton , 78 , recalls how times have changed since he grew up in the segregated South . "  That 's what he wanted . He 'd been preaching that all along , " Sutton , 78 , said of the nation electing its first African-American president . Sutton , who has worked on and off at the historic Busy Bee Cafe in Atlanta , Georgia , since it opened in 1947 , was baptized by the civil rights icon 's father , King Sr. . He remembers playing pick-up football games in a dirt lot with King Jr. when they were both youngsters in Atlanta . Asked if King Jr. was any good at football , Sutton chuckled . "  He liked to read and study , " he said with a reverence that prohibited him from disparaging King Jr. in any way , "  but he loved the game . " Walk around Atlanta and you 'll find plenty of African-Americans who hope Sen. Barack Obama will inspire young people to reach for a book rather than a football . "  As young , black Americans our society and our communities had told us that the only way we could make it out is if we entertain , " said Cortez Tarver , 28 , who cuts hair at the University Barbershop , just down the street from the historically black Morehouse College and Clark Atlanta University . Hear Tarver talk about Obama 's win " "  They want us to be funny . They want us to cook their food , entertain them and play their sports -- and we do all that , we 're just going to fit in . " The media reinforce the erroneous notion that successful black men exist only in the realms of hip hop , football and basketball , Tarver said . The result is that fewer and fewer African-American children aspire to occupations like doctor and lawyer , he said . All that changed after Obama locked up the Electoral College vote on Tuesday night . "  Now , they can say they want to be president , " Tarver said of young blacks . "  This shows us , hey , if we go to college , we study hard , we help out our communities , we can become president , we can become something great -- other than shucking and jiving , other than putting on a show . " Sutton likens Obama 's rise through the political ranks to Tiger Woods ' rise through professional golf . Until about 12 years ago , when Woods turned pro , it was rare to find black youngsters swinging clubs at their local links . Even if they had the natural skills , they did not believe the game belonged to them , he said . "  You never seen black children playing golf till -LSB- Woods -RSB- started playing , " said Sutton , explaining that even his 7-year-old grandson , Josh , now enjoys playing golf . What Woods did for golf , Sutton said , Obama has done for politics . Children across the nation were told Tuesday night that they , too , can aspire to the highest office in the land . "  If he can do it , they believe they can do it , " Sutton said . Back at University Barbershop , Tarver 's colleague , Spot Jackson , 28 , said the only thing keeping him awake was some Burger King coffee and a few doughnuts after staying up until 6 a.m. watching election news . Like Tarver and Sutton , Jackson said he believes Obama shattered the ceiling for black men and women . He joked that Obama 's victory made him want to start a foundation . Its mission would be simple , he said . "  We 're going to eradicate the word ` ca n't . ' We 're going to try to get it out of every dictionary known to man , " he said . "  There 's nothing you can honestly say you ca n't do anymore ; it just changes your perception as far as what you think is possible in this country . " Jackson dismissed a question about whether the change was made possible by Obama 's skin color , saying it was more about the man 's character and platform . "  He could 've been green and if the message was the same and it resonated the same way it did , then he still would 've gotten the same support , " he said . Jackson said he saw television footage of people in Indonesia celebrating the U.S. presidential election , something he 's never seen in the 10 years he 's been voting . Morgan Blanchard , 20 , a junior at Clark Atlanta , said she also was impressed to see international footage from Italy and Australia of people celebrating the election . It shows Obama has broad appeal , which speaks more to his honesty and principles than to his skin color , she said . "  Oh gosh , it 's not even that he 's African-American , " she said , noting with a sly smile that Obama 's mother was white . "  It 's the way he carries himself , the way he puts himself out there . I do n't think race has anything to do with it . " Her sentiments were echoed by fellow Clark Atlanta student Ashante Smith , 18 . A sophomore studying music , Smith said many African-Americans voted for Obama because of his race , but she pointed out that he also snared millions of votes in white and Latino communities . "  I think he was just really committed to all communities , " she said . And while she thinks Obama can help improve education , unemployment and the economy in general , she concurs with many who say he can hearten generations of African-Americans to reach higher in life . "  It just inspires me to go for what I want , " she said . "  It 's like we can do anything . "	African-Americans in Martin Luther King Jr. 's hometown say Obama shattered ceiling Otis Sutton says Obama did for politics what Tiger Woods did for golf Blacks no longer relegated to "  shucking and jiving " to get ahead , barber says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Shortly before leaving the White House in 1829 , John Quincy Adams reportedly said , "  There is nothing more pathetic in life than a former president . " Ex-presidents George H.W. Bush , Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton have stayed in the public eye since leaving office . If he had had a crystal ball , Adams might have tweaked that statement to say there is nothing more lucrative in life than to be a former president . Last Friday , we learned that the Clintons have made a whopping $ 109 million since 2001 . Bill Clinton has brought in almost $ 52 million from speeches generally going for $ 250,000 a pop . He earned somewhere in the ballpark of $ 15 million from his partnership with billionaire investor Ron Burkle . And do n't forget the $ 15 million advance from his 2004 autobiography , "  My Life . " So much for the "  sacrifice " of public service . But before bemoaning Clinton 's selling of the ex-presidency , a little historical perspective is in order . There 's nothing original about what the former president has done -- it 's just the magnitude of the proceeds . The precedent was set long before he said goodbye to the Oval Office . Clinton 's immediate predecessors were n't too reluctant to use their stature to pad their bank accounts . Gerald Ford capitalized on his accidental 2 1/2 years as chief executive by accepting positions on the boards of American Express and 20th Century Fox , among others . Ronald Reagan caused a stir when he netted $ 2 million dollars for a couple of 20-minute speeches in Japan in 1989 . George H.W. Bush has held seats on a number of corporate boards and traveled extensively to deliver paid speeches . Even Jimmy Carter , who has by all accounts been a model ex-president through his globetrotting humanitarian work , has not been shy about accepting financial compensation for addressing audiences . Some former presidents have been more loathe than others to cash in on the unique fame and honor that accompanies the highest office in the land . Harry Truman wrote in his memoirs , "  I could never lend myself to any transaction , however respectable , that would commercialize on the prestige and dignity of the office of the presidency . " Impressive sentiments from a man whose only source of government support after leaving office in 1953 was , according to historian David McCullough , an Army pension of $ 112.56 a month . Historian Richard Norton Smith writes that the famously frugal Calvin Coolidge was so reluctant to cash in on his fame that he had name tags and tailor marks removed from old suits before reselling them . But do n't feel so bad for Silent Cal . His $ 3,000-a-week column did n't hurt . Neither did his acquisition of 8,000 preferred shares of J.P. Morgan securities which , according to Smith , were priced below market value . Apparently the definition of "  cashing in " is in the eye of the beholder . If you 're looking for a role model from the bland , bearded roster of late 19th century ex-presidents , try Rutherford B. Hayes . When his term expired in 1881 , he moved back to Ohio and reportedly became a successful chicken farmer . Benjamin Harrison and Grover Cleveland both returned to their legal careers after leaving office . Harrison actually went to work for a foreign power , serving as lead counsel for the government of Venezuela during the arbitration of its boundary dispute with Great Britain .  Do n't tell me you 've never heard of the infamous Venezuela-British Guiana boundary arbitration of 1899 . Then there 's the big loser of the ex-president 's club : the hapless Ulysses S. Grant . He decided to join his sons in a partnership in the New York-based brokerage firm of Grant & Ward . Big mistake . The firm was poorly run , and the northern hero of the Civil War lost almost everything but the shirt on his back . A sympathetic Congress restored Grant 's military pension , but the old general did n't restore his family 's financial position until penning his best-selling memoirs . Sadly , Grant himself never got to enjoy the $ 450,000 in royalties generated by the publication of his memoirs . A lifelong cigar lover , he died of throat cancer less than a week after completing the text . Perhaps Grant 's brush with poverty was partly what inspired Gilded Age icon Andrew Carnegie to propose , in November of 1912 , the establishment of a pension providing $ 25,000 annually to all ex-presidents and their widows . The object of the pension , according to a statement released by Carnegie at the time , was to ensure that former presidents "  may spend their latter days devoting their unique knowledge gained of public affairs to the public good free from pecuniary cares . " Generous man , that Carnegie . Adjusted for inflation , his offer translates to almost $ 550,000 today . Carnegie was willing to fund the pension himself -- a fact that was n't well received by his congressional critics . Forty-six years later , Congress finally got around to establishing a publicly funded presidential pension . That pension is now worth $ 191,300 annually , with a bit more thrown in to support a former president 's office staff . It 's not quite as generous as Carnegie 's proposal , but it 's not exactly poverty either . Has the establishment of a pension freed our former presidents from their "  pecuniary cares " ? Not quite . But maybe we should n't act so surprised . After all , as they always like to remind us , our presidents are also our fellow Americans . And at the end of the day , what is more American than making money ? E-mail to a friend	Bill Clinton has brought in almost $ 52 million from speeches Ronald Reagan netted $ 2 million dollars for speeches in Japan Rutherford B. Hayes reportedly became a chicken farmer after leaving office Presidential pension is now worth $ 191,300 annually
CNN  -- TV chef Giada De Laurentiis and her husband are calling it quits . "  After an amicable separation since July , Todd  Thompson  and I have decided to end our marriage . Although our decision to separate comes with a great deal of sadness , our focus on the future and overwhelming desire for our family 's happiness has given us the strength to move forward on separate , yet always connected paths , " she said in a statement . "  Todd and I share a beautiful daughter and a lifetime of great memories that we both treasure more than anything . We are so thankful for our friends and family , and really appreciate the support in this time of change , " the statement read . According to the biography on her website , De Laurentiis , the granddaughter of film producer Dino De Laurentiis , was born in Rome . She graduated from the University of California in Los Angeles , and trained at Le Cordon Bleu in Paris . The Emmy Award winning De Laurentiis began work on Food Network in 2002 , where she hosts the daytime cooking show "  Everyday Italian . "	Giada De Laurentiis and her husband have been separated since July They share a daughter De Laurentiis is host of the daytime cooking show "  Everyday Italian "
Three lawsuits alleging sex abuse by Kevin Clash , the puppeteer who gave Sesame Street 's Elmo his voice , were dismissed by a judge who ruled the accusers waited too long to sue . Clash , who was suspended and later resigned from his Sesame Street after the first allegations surfaced in November , "  can go about the business of reclaiming his personal life and his professional standing , " his lawyer told CNN Monday . The lawyer who filed the lawsuits vowed to "  appeal the decision and continue the fight to be a voice for victims . " A clerk with Manhattan District court confirmed that three lawsuits filed against Clash were dismissed on grounds that the statute of limitations had run out . Sesame Street had no immediate comment on the matter . Each accuser , all adult men , said they were courted and seduced by Clash when they were underage teenagers . Sheldon Stephens , now 24 , was the first to the first to publicly claim he had a sexual relationship with Clash as a teen . Stephens called it an "  adult consensual relationship " in November 2012 , but filed a lawsuit in March 2013 alleging Clash threw a crystal meth sex party for him in 2004 , when he was 16 . Clash , who had provided the high-pitched voice of the iconic furry red Elmo since 1984 , acknowledged a relationship between "  two consenting adults " when Stephens ' story initially emerged , but he said it otherwise was a "  false and defamatory allegation . " Stephens ' suit , which was filed in Pennsylvania , is still pending . "  We have moved to dismiss , " Berger said . "  I am a gay man , " Clash , 52 , said in a statement in November . "  I have never been ashamed of this or tried to hide it , but felt it was a personal and private matter . " Clash 's attorney , Michael Berger , said Monday his client "  is pleased by the judge 's decision . " "  As we have maintained all along , our goal has been to put these spurious claims behind him , so that Kevin can go about the business of reclaiming his personal life and his professional standing , which was recently recognized once again by the three Emmys he won last month , " Berger said . "  The judge 's decision to dismiss and close the three lawsuits is an important step in that direction . Kevin is looking forward to a time in the near future when he can tell his story free of innuendo and false claims . " The accusers ' lawyer , Jeff Herman , called it "  the first battle . " "  The statute of limitations is an arbitrary timeline that silences victims , " Herman said . "  We believe that the victims in this case are within the statute of limitations , but this ruling highlights the need for a window in New York to allow victims to have their day in court . " In November , Clash issued a written statement saying : "  I am resigning from Sesame Workshop with a very heavy heart . I have loved every day of my 28 years working for this exceptional organization . Personal matters have diverted attention away from the important work Sesame Street is doing and I can not allow it to go on any longer . I am deeply sorry to be leaving and am looking forward to resolving these personal matters privately . " Sesame Workshop is the nonprofit educational organization behind Sesame Street , according to its website .	Kevin Clash "  can go about the business of reclaiming his personal life , " his lawyer says Accusers ' lawyer vows to "  appeal the decision and continue the fight " A judge ruled that the statute of limitations had run out Each accuser , all adult men , said they were courted and seduced by Clash as underage teens
CNN Student News  -- August 29 , 2013 In Thursday 's program , we consider global reaction to the suspected use of chemical weapons in Syria , and we share some student views on possible U.S. military action against the Middle Eastern country . We also dive into what scientists are calling the confirmation of a previously identified element . Plus , we report on the anniversary of Hurricane Katrina , and we hear from a photographer who documented the 1963 March on Washington . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What questions should news organizations ask officials involved in the tension between Syria and the international community ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects from today 's show : 1 . international community 2 . conviction 3 . chemical element Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What international organization is investigating whether chemical weapons have been used in Syria 's civil war ? 2 . What is the atomic number of the man-made element ununpentium ? 3 . What was the name of the hurricane that struck the U.S. Gulf Coast on August 29 , 2005 ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What options do you think the international community is weighing with regard to Syria ? Do you think that public opinion will influence the decisions that leaders make ? If so , to what extent ? If not , why not ? 2 . What might be the significance of discovering new chemical elements ? What do you think might be some of the challenges of this kind of research ? 3 . What do you think Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and his peers would say about civil rights in America since the 1963 March on Washington ? What positives and negatives do you think they 'd discuss ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Syria North America New Orleans ; Washington , D.C. ; Ft. Hood , Texas Europe Bunol , Spain FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- A U.S. Marine corporal who was declared a deserter twice has turned himself in to authorities and is on his way to Virginia . Cpl. Wassef Ali Hassoun failed to report for duty in January 2005 at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , the Marine Corps said in a statement . He is expected to arrive in Norfolk , Virginia , on Sunday . "  The Naval Criminal Investigative Service worked with Cpl. Hassoun to turn himself in and return to the United States to face charges under the Uniformed Code of Military Justice , " the statement read . Hassoun , 34 , is believed to have been in Lebanon for much of the time he was gone , according to a U.S. official who was not authorized to talk to the media . It was not immediately clear where he turned himself in to authorities . Before his 2005 disappearance , he had disappeared in Iraq , just one year earlier . The Marines charged Hassoun , who served as a truck driver and translator , with desertion and theft . Hassoun denied deserting then and was not held in confinement . Marine officials did not believe he was a flight risk because he had turned himself in in Lebanon . Hassoun disappeared from a Marine camp outside the Iraqi city of Falluja in June 2004 . Originally listed as a deserter , his status was changed to "  captured " after the release of a videotape showing him blindfolded , with a sword hanging over his head . Islamist Web sites reported that he had been executed by an Iraqi militant group , but Hassoun turned up with relatives in Lebanon and was returned to the United States . He failed to report in North Carolina after authorized leave to see his family in West Jordan , Utah , Marine official said . Celebrated at first , Bergdahl 's release raises questions CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Cpl. Wassef Ali Hassoun has been declared a deserter twice He is accused of disappearing in Iraq , and then failing to report for duty in North Carolina Hassoun is scheduled to arrive in Norfolk , Virginia , on Sunday
CNN  -- Barely more than a week into the new school year and a gunman armed with an assault rifle has attacked an elementary school in Decatur , Georgia . Fortunately , the gunman was apprehended before anyone was injured or killed . Although the outcome of this most recent attack was significantly better than the carnage witnessed in the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , last December , parents need to be proactive when it comes to their children 's school security plans . Before sending their precious little ones back to school , every parent should ask their school administrators the following questions : 1 . Does the school have a crisis response plan customized for its campus ? Over the last decade , many states have mandated that schools have crisis response plans . This sounds like a good idea in theory . But because they were mandated , many schools have simply copied generic plans provided by the state or another school district in order to meet their legal requirements . Make sure that your school has a crisis response plan that has been specifically designed for its unique characteristics , demographics and personnel . 2 . Does your campus regularly practice school safety drills ? If your campus does not regularly practice basic school safety drills such as lockdowns , shelter-in-place and evacuations , ask the administrators why not ? There is no good reason they can give you for not being prepared . The old adage "  practice makes perfect " not only applies to reading , writing and arithmetic . Most school safety experts advise campuses to practice such drills at least once per semester with teachers and school staff also drilling during in-service training days . 3 . What should parents do if there is an emergency at the school ? Your school should be providing you with information regarding your role as a parent during a school crisis . Whom do you call ? Where do you go ? What do you when you get there ? What documents do you need to bring , if any ? Many school districts require all parents to show proper identification to pick up their child after a "  nontraditional release " such as an evacuation . Make sure you know the school and districts policies for such an incident . 4 . Have both staff and students received training on what to do during an active shooter incident ? It is imperative that administrators and teachers know what to do during a school crisis but it is equally as important for students to know what to do to survive an incident . Demand to know exactly what training is provided to staff and students . Does the school provide materials so you can discuss the training with your child and provide additional practice if necessary ? 5 . Has the school partnered with its local law enforcement agency to practice emergency response procedures ? Although many schools have crisis response plans , most have not taken time to personally work with their local law enforcement agencies to co-develop plans and practice drills . Real-time practice scenarios are essential to a comprehensive school safety plan . When school and law enforcement plans are not in sync with each other , important procedures that could save lives may be missing . We can never predict when something terrible will happen . But the least that you can do as a parent is to make sure your child 's school has taken the necessary measures to act in the safest and best possible way should an unanticipated disaster -- such as a shooting -- occur . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Matthews .	A gunman armed with an assault rifle attacked an elementary school in Decatur , Georgia John Matthews : Parents need to be proactive about their children 's school security plans He says an important question is : Does the school regularly practice safety drills ? Matthews : Real-time practice scenarios are essential to a strong school safety plan
