CNN  -- A motel owner in New Zealand -- fed up with one too many incidents of rowdy behavior -- has banned an entire town from checking in as guests . Steve Donnelly , an Australian , has been accused of racism following his decision . Steve Donnelly , the owner of the Supreme Motor Lodge in the town of Palmerston North , said he decided to yank the welcome mat for the 16,000 residents of Wainuiomata because "  each time they visited , our life became less exciting . " "  I 'm not Santa Claus . I ca n't figure out who 's naughty and who 's nice , " he said . "  So we went ahead and banned all of them . " Wainuiomata , near the capital , Wellington , is about two hours ' drive from Palmerston North . Donnelly said he banned the town after three groups of people from Wainuiomata checked in on separate occasions over a six-month period , riling other guests at the 51-room hotel . "  We have moms and dads who come here with two or three kids to relax , " he said . "  They do n't want some loudmouth spitting on the pavement , flirting with girls and swearing . " The "  no vacancy " extends to the members of parliament , as Wainuiomata lawmaker Trevor Mallard found out when he came to test the ban . "  He 's barging in here with a TV camera , trying to book a room to prove a point , " Donnelly said . "  We just stood at the front door and said , ` You 're not welcome here . Go away . ' " By "  we , " Donnelly is referring to himself and his general manager , Malcolm Glen -- a Scotsman known in the community as "  Basil Fawlty " after the iconic and paranoid John Cleese character in the British sitcom "  Fawlty Towers . " News of the ban sent some former guests complaining , and others accusing Donnelly , an Australian , of racism . Many wanted to know whether he was violating the Human Rights Act , which prohibits hotel owners from discriminating based on race . "  Some people are making it out to be about the big Aussie brother giving his poor little Kiwi cousin a hard time , " Donnelly said . "  They were flabbergasted that there was n't a law that stopped me . But it 's like having a pub . You do n't have to have a reason why you wo n't serve alcohol to any group of people . " Donnelly , who 's owned the 25-year-old motel for the past two and a half years , said he might annul the ban in the future -- if Wainuiomata adjusts its behavior .	Steve Donnelly owns Supreme Motor Lodge in town of Palmerston North 16,000 residents of Wainuiomata , near Wellington have been banned Donnelly says guests from the town are always rowdy He says he might annul ban in the future -- if Wainuiomata adjusts behavior
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa , flashing a broad smile , declared victory Tuesday in the country 's 25-year civil war against the Tamil Tiger rebels . A crowd beside a portrait of Sri Lanka 's president celebrate the country 's military victory on May 18 . "  We are celebrating the defeat of terrorism , " he said in a nationally televised speech before parliament . "  We have won and restored democracy in the country . " Rajapaksa announced that Wednesday would be a national holiday , to celebrate the war 's end and begin a new phase in the country 's history . It is time for Sri Lanka to build "  a new country ... a new nation , " he said , calling "  the defeat of Tamil terrorism ... a victory for the Tamil people . " "  What have they given the Tamil people ? " Rajapaksa asked , suggesting that the war had cost them far more than they had gained . With the war over , he said , Sri Lanka would begin to restore government services to Tamil areas . The United Nations , meanwhile , urged the government to provide more for the 65,000 people who had fled the last fighting in the past few days . It said there were now 265,000 displaced people in the country . A short time after the presidential address , the military announced that it had recovered the body of Tamil Tiger founder and leader Velupillai Prabhakaran . A local television station aired video it said showed his body . The "  psychopathic leader of the world 's most barbaric terrorist outfit ... has been found , " confirmed Gen. Sarath Fonseka , commander of the Sri Lankan army , according to the Ministry of Defense Web site . "  Troops ... have found the bullet ridden body of the terrorist leader lying on the bank of the Nanthikadal lagoon , " the ministry reported . Watch more on aftermath of fighting " But earlier in the day , the pro-rebel Web site Tamilnet.com reported that the Tigers ' leader was "  alive and safe , " countering previous military claims . The defense ministry said Prabhakaran and 18 other senior rebel leaders were among the bodies found in mop-up operations , after government troops routed the Tigers -- formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam . The leaders included Prabhakaran 's eldest son , Charles Anthony , as well as Pottu Amman , the Tigers ' intelligence leader , according to the ministry . "  Our beloved leader Velupillai is alive and safe , " rebel spokesman Selvarasa Pathmanathan said , according to Tamilnet.com . "  He will continue to lead the quest for dignity and freedom for the Tamil people . " CNN has been unable to independently confirm the accounts because of access and safety reasons . News of Prabhakaran 's death was greeted with pro-Tamil marches elsewhere in the world , with around 2,000 gathering outside parliament in London and others protesting in front of the White House in Washington . Prabhakaran founded the rebel group , which has been declared a terrorist organization by 32 countries . It pioneered the use of women in suicide attacks and , according to the FBI , invented the explosive suicide belt . It was also behind the assassination of two world leaders -- the only terrorist organization to do so . Prabhakaran is accused of masterminding the killing of former Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1991 in the Tamil-dominated Indian state of Tami Nadu as he campaigned for a second term . Sri Lankan authorities allege that Prabhakaran was avenging Gandhi 's decision to send Indian peacekeepers to Sri Lanka . Two years later a Tigers suicide bomber , allegedly acting under Prabhakaran 's orders , detonated explosives that killed Sri Lanka 's then-president , Ranasinghe Premadasa , during a rally . Over the weekend , the militants offered to "  silence " their guns after an intense military offensive decimated their ranks , pushed them from their stronghold in the north and east of the country , and cornered the remaining rebels on a small stretch of land . Watch aid agencies fear for Sri Lanka " Prabhakaran 's supporters considered him a hero with a single-minded focus -- to fight for the rights of his people . The Sri Lankan government deemed him a war criminal with a disregard for civilian casualties . He was wanted by Interpol on charges including terrorism and organized crime . In the past it has been reported he wore a cyanide capsule around his neck -- to swallow and kill himself rather than risk capture . And he reportedly expected the same dedication from his troops . As a result , few Tigers have been captured alive . The rebels have fought for an independent state for minority Tamils in Sri Lanka since July 1983 . An estimated 70,000 to 80,000 people have died during the quarter century of fighting . Journalist Iqbal Athas contributed to this report .	NEW : Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa declares victory in civil war Tamil leader Velupillai Prabhakaran still alive , rebel Web site claims Sri Lankan government says Prabhakaran is dead Rebels have fought for an independent state for minority Tamils since 1983
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Four militants armed with guns and grenades stormed a mosque in Rawalpindi frequented by military personnel , killing dozens of people Friday -- most of them children , the military said . The attack is the latest to shake the garrison city since this year 's launch of strong military offensives against Taliban insurgents in the Swat Valley and South Waziristan . Rawalpindi is the headquarters of the Pakistani army . Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas said Friday 's assault killed 36 people and wounded 75 . Among the dead were 17 children , according to the military 's Web site . Also killed were an army general and eight other military officials , six of them of senior rank . The remaining fatalities were adults . "  As soon as the mosque 's security staff checked me , there was a blast and then a finger hit me , then there was another , " Ishtiaq , a driver for a military officer , told GEO TV . Ishtiaq , who uses only one name , was attending midday prayers . Rawalpindi is near Islamabad , and the mosque is near national army headquarters . It is located inside a walled residential compound where many military families have homes . A witness told GEO TV there were up to 300 worshippers at the mosque at the time of the attack . The militants hurled grenades before opening fire , Rawalpindi Police Chief Aslam Tareen told CNN . He said all the militants died , but he does n't know how . "  These are not militants , " Abbas said . "  These are terrorists who killed innocent worshippers . " Retired Gen. Muhammad Yousaf was killed in the attack , said Col. Baseer Haider , a military spokesman . He said Yousaf was a former vice chief of army staff who was second in command during the administration of President Pervez Musharraf . Abbas said two of the attackers were suicide bombers who blew themselves up inside the Parade Lane mosque ; the other two were shot and killed by security forces outside the mosque . Several explosions were heard inside the mosque around 1:30 p.m.  3:30 a.m. ET  , followed by gunfire , Abbas said . The militants entered the compound by climbing over a wall , Tareen said . This is the first attack in Rawalpindi since a suicide bomber targeted a bank on November 2 . On October 10 , militants stormed army headquarters in Rawalpindi , taking several people hostage before security forces killed them . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Armed militants attack mosque during midday prayers in Rawalpindi , killing dozens Mosque is frequented by retired and serving military officials November 2 attack in Rawalpindi saw suicide bomber target a bank
CNN  -- The Los Angeles Kings scored in double overtime Friday night , defeating the New York Rangers 3-2 and winning their second Stanley Cup in three years . Alec Martinez slapped in the winning goal and the National Hockey League 's championship trophy went to the Kings after a thrilling Game 5 at the Staples Center in downtown Los Angeles . The Kings had to work hard to claim the prize . Los Angeles took an early lead with a goal by Justin Williams , but the Rangers battled back and tied it with a power-play goal by Chris Kreider late in the second period . Brian Boyle scored again for the Rangers minutes later , making the score 2-1 New York . The Kings tied it 2-2 in the third period with a power-play goal by Marian Gaborik . The crowd chanted "  We want the cup " as the game headed down the stretch of regulation time . The scrappy Rangers took only one game in the series , a 2-1 victory Wednesday in New York . Los Angeles netted its first Stanley Cup in 2012 by defeating the New Jersey Devils . That title ended decades of futility for a franchise struggling for success in a sport typically associated with frigid temperatures and icy lakes . Their run over the past couple years has given the Kings attention and traction with a metropolitan fan base dominated by the NBA 's Lakers and Clippers , baseball 's Dodgers and Angels , and football and basketball at UCLA and the University of Southern California . NYC mayor to appear on Kimmel to honor bet A Monday victory parade is planned in downtown Los Angeles , according to Mayor Eric Garcetti . "  We all feel tremendous pride today , " Garcetti said after the win . "  Our Kings of the ice were once considered underdogs . But with two Stanley Cup wins in three years , they have proved they are Kings of the game . " The first-term mayor will also get to revel in watching a fellow rookie -- New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio -- hold up his end of a bet the two city chiefs made on the series . De Blasio announced before the series that if the Rangers lost , he would perform Randy Newman 's "  I love LA " on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " Had the Kings lost , Garcetti would have had to have performed Frank Sinatra 's "  New York , New York " on the ABC late-night program , according to a de Blasio press release . The New York mayor is also on the hook for supplying Kimmel 's studio audience in Los Angeles with hot dogs from Gray 's Papaya , a Big Apple landmark .	The winning goal was scored in the second overtime period Going into the game , the Kings led the series 3-1 It 's the second Stanley Cup for the Kings in 3 seasons Mayors of L.A. , New York wager on outcome
The Obama administration has shipped weapons directly to Kurdish forces battling ISIS militants in northern Iraq and is considering ways to expand the transfer of arms , U.S. officials told CNN . Shipments have so far come from the CIA , two U.S. officials said . But discussions are underway inside the administration about whether the Defense Department might get involved . The Pentagon and the State departments do not sell or transfer weapons to non-state entities , but the administration is looking at whether there is a way around that restriction , one official said . "  We 're working with the government of Iraq to increasingly and very quickly get urgently needed arms to the Kurds , " State Department deputy spokeswoman Marie Harf told CNN 's New Day on Monday . In a separate statement , Harf said the Iraqi government "  has made deliveries from its own stock , and we have done the same . " She said such efforts are being done in "  full coordination " with the government in Baghdad . Since last Thursday , the Iraqi government has transferred three shipments of arms and ammunition to the Kurds , one of the officials said . In addition , there have been other shipments from the CIA , the official said . The CIA shipments are useful because the Kurdish fighters -- known as the Peshmerga -- use different arms and ammunition than the U.S. military stocks , so the intelligence agency is better equipped to get that type of material to the Kurds quickly . One official noted more arms could come from other countries in consultation with the United States . ` Heroic ' mission rescues desperate Yazidis from ISIS	The Kurdish Peshmerga is fighting ISIS militants in northern Iraq Arms shipments have come from the CIA so far , officials said The Obama administration is looking to possibly expand the transfer of weapons
Tea party favorite and potential 2016 presidential candidate Ben Carson gave President Barack Obama some rare praise for his response to the North Korean cyberattack that threatened the release of a Sony Pictures movie . "  I am proud of the president of the United States for taking a tough stand on this issue , " Carson , a frequent and no-holds-barred critic of Obama , wrote in a Washington Times opinion piece published late Tuesday . "  It was extremely encouraging to see the United States and Sony eventually stand up to the cyberbullying of the North Koreans by allowing the movie ` The Interview ' to be released in theaters around the country despite threats of retaliation . " Carson has slammed Obama in the past for his policies , most recently his stance on race relations in the wake of incidents in Ferguson and New York , and once criticized the direction of the country with Obama just a few feet away . Carson did measure his kudos to the President , adding in the opinion piece that the U.S. response "  should go far beyond proportionality . " Obama had said that the U.S. would respond proportionally to the cyberattack , which the FBI said North Korea was "  responsible " for . North Korea denied involvement in the Sony hack and instead threatened attacks on "  all the citadels of the U.S. imperialists . " "  The response should go far beyond proportionality , and an example should be made of the perpetrators by using a host of available options to inflict the kind of punishment that will not be easily forgotten , " Carson wrote , adding that he believes the U.S. "  appears to be a paper tiger " and is less respected and feared around the world . Sen. Lindsey Graham  R-South Carolina  , who is also considering a 2016 presidential run , also gave Obama a rare kudos in an interview with CNN 's State of the Union published Sunday . "  So far so good , Mr. President , " Graham said . But Graham also measured his praise , saying Obama should have called the attack an act of cyberterrorism and not the "  cybervandalism " Obama described in a CNN interview .	Ben Carson is a frequent critic of the President and popular among conservative circles He praised Obama 's handling of North Korea cyber attacks and threats against theaters Carson hedged some of his lauding to say the response should not have been ` proportional '
CNN  -- Without even needing to kick a ball , Paris Saint-Germain was confirmed as champion of France Wednesday . PSG was crowned winners for the second season in succession following Monaco 's 1-1 draw against Guingamp . The result left PSG with an unassailable seven point lead and sparked wild celebrations before the team 's game at Parc des Princes . Monaco had appeared set for victory when Dimitar Berbatov headed home in the 77th minute only for the visiting side to level through Fatih Atik . With the title wrapped up , PSG appeared to take its foot of the gas against Rennes -- losing 2-1 after taking an early lead through Ezequiel Lavezzi . The visitors hit back through Foued Kadir and Paul-Georges Ntep to snatch victory . Defender Alex had a great opportunity to equalize late on but his effort hit the crossbar . PSG , which had already won the League Cup earlier in the season , has led the league title race since it thrashed Bastia 4-0 in October . Laurent Blanc , the club manager , led his side to the quarterfinals of the Champions League where it was beaten by Chelsea .	Paris Saint-Germain wins French title for second year running Challenger Monaco unable to catch PSG Monaco held 1-1 by Guingamp PSG beaten 2-1 at home by Rennes
CNN  -- Russia lashed out Friday against the latest round of sanctions over its involvement in Ukraine , accusing the United States of once again escalating the crisis -- undermining the chances for peace there as well as the greater quest for "  global stability . " This followed U.S. President Barack Obama 's announcement Thursday that , in coordination with the European Union , "  we will intensify our coordinated sanctions on Russia in response to its illegal actions in Ukraine . " The United States and its allies , chief among them Ukraine 's Kiev-based government , accuse Russia of implicitly and explicitly supporting separatists claiming territory and battling the Ukrainian military in the European nation 's east and south . Moscow has voiced moral support for the rebels but denied any direct involvement , including countering NATO and others ' claims that its forces have entered Ukraine and fired on Ukraine 's military . Russia 's foreign ministry issued a statement Friday responding to the latest sanctions , which it called "  the latest hostile step on the confrontational course of the American administration . " The ministry claimed Washington "  is focusing on an escalation of the Ukrainian conflict " rather than a peaceful resolution . Levying sanctions against Moscow is counterproductive , the Russian government added , claiming they hurt American businesses and compromise international goodwill to address common issues like terrorism and drug trafficking . And sanctions wo n't spur Russia to change its policy , according to the foreign ministry . "  We are not going to act in order to please the United States ' geopolitical ambitions and the calculations of those overseas politicians who are trying to use a ` manageable Ukraine ' to restrain Russia , " the ministry said . The foreign ministry did n't respond back with counter-sanctions against Washington , which it characterized as "  a last-ditch measure . " Instead , it said it is "  leaving the door open to constructive and honest bilateral cooperation , including working together to tackle the Ukrainian crisis if the U.S. administration is willing . " "  Washington needs to recognize : only respect for each other 's interest can help us find a solution to the Ukrainian crisis that suits everyone , " the Russian ministry said . New sanctions despite ceasefire For months , Russia and the West have been at odds over Ukraine -- which continues to simmer with tension , despite a fragile , recently agreed-upon ceasefire . U.S. officials and their allies have not dispatched troops into Ukraine to help their allies there ; in fact , Obama has ruled out such direct intervention . Instead , they have tried to press the issue diplomatically and through sanctions targeting Russian citizens , officials and industries . Their rationale is to compel the Kremlin to stop fueling , in their view , the crisis in Ukraine . That 's even after Russian President Vladimir Putin played a role in brokering a ceasefire signed Friday after talks in Minsk , Belarus , between representatives of Ukraine , the rebels and Russia . Speaking about the new sanctions , Obama said Thursday , "  We are implementing these new measures in light of Russia 's actions to further destabilize Ukraine over the last month , including through the presence of heavily armed Russian forces in eastern Ukraine . "  We are watching closely developments since the announcement of the ceasefire and agreement in Minsk , but we have yet to see conclusive evidence that Russia has ceased its efforts to destabilize Ukraine . " A NATO military officer said Thursday that Russia has about 1,000 troops inside eastern Ukraine , down from a significantly higher number in recent weeks . NATO also sees 20,000 more Russian troops aligned along the border , according to the NATO office , who was not named according to standard practice in the organization . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Carol Jordan and Andrew Carey contributed to this report .	Russia 's foreign ministry accuses the U.S. of again escalating the crisis in Ukraine This comes after new sanctions were levied against Russia for its actions in Ukraine Russia 's ministry says it wo n't act to suit U.S. interests ; urges mutual respect The U.S. accuses Russia of aiding rebels in eastern Ukraine ; Moscow denies this
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Chris Brown sat alone in court for 35 minutes on Friday while his lawyer talked with the judge and prosecutor behind closed doors in his probation violation case . The judge emerged from his chambers to order Brown to come back on June 10 because lawyers need more time to look at "  additional discovery " in his case . While not much happened in Friday 's hearing before Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge James Brandlin , ultimately it could be big trouble for the singer . In a court filing in February , prosecutors accused Brown of not completing the 180 days of community labor ordered when he pleaded guilty to a felony assault charge in the beating of his girlfriend Rihanna . Rihanna shows support in court for Chris Brown The paperwork Brown submitted to show he had completed community labor is "  at best sloppy documentation and at worst fraudulent reporting , " District Attorney Jackie Lacey said . Brown was n't in town on some of the dates reported , the motion said . Mark Geragos , Brown 's attorney , said after the last hearing that the prosecutor 's filing was so fraudulent that he would ask the judge to punish the deputy district attorneys involved and call for a contempt of court hearing for filing false documents with the court . "  And I do n't mean just false , it is fraudulent , " Geragos said . The Los Angeles County district attorney 's office has "  tortured " Brown during his probation more than any client he 's ever had , Geragos said . Despite the serious allegations outlined in the court filing , the prosecutor is not asking for Brown 's probation to be revoked and the singer sent to jail . She is asking the judge to order him to restart his 1,400 hours of community service under the supervision of a Los Angeles probation officer . Brown and his mother were in court for Friday 's hearing , but Rihanna , who attended his last court date , was not there . When the pop star sat behind Brown in court at that hearing , it was Rihanna 's second time in a courtroom with him . The first was the day in August 2009 when Brown was sentenced to five years ' probation and ordered to stay away from her . Then , she was a witness for the prosecution . At the probation court date , when Geragos was asked why Brown 's assault victim was in court , he replied , "  She thinks it 's utterly ridiculous what they 're doing to him . " Rihanna and Chris Brown 's relationship through the years	Judge orders Brown to come back to court on June 10 Prosecutors accuse Brown of not finishing 180 days of community labor Brown pleaded guilty to a felony assault charge in the beating of Rihanna in 2009 Brown 's lawyer called the prosecutor 's filing ` fraudulent '
Editor 's note : Nell Minow is editor and chairwoman of the Corporate Library , an independent research company , and was named one of the 20 most influential people in corporate governance by Directorship magazine and "  the queen of good corporate governance " by BusinessWeek Online . She has co-written three books . Nell Minow says AIG 's board must be held accountable for the $ 160 million in bonus payments . CNN  -- The stories about the outrageous $ 160 million bonus payments at AIG have all omitted the most important names . They are the members of AIG 's Board of Directors Compensation Committee . These people should have been on the hot seat before the House Financial Services Subcommittee on Capital Markets , Insurance , and Government Sponsored Enterprises , alongside CEO Ed Liddy . Although there is a lot of blame to go around , ultimately the buck stops -- or , I should say , the bucks should have stopped -- with them . Why have n't we learned that it is the boards who are responsible for the massive failures of strategy and risk management at these companies ? Regulators , journalists , securities analysts and investors routinely ignore the most obvious indicators of investment risk that are presented by bad boards of directors . This is particularly obvious in the case of AIG , which has been a serial offender in corporate governance , especially in executive compensation . Those of us who remember former CEO Hank Greenberg 's departure from AIG in 2005 , after a corporate governance meltdown that included excessive compensation , appreciate the irony of his comment to ABC News that the retention bonuses were "  mind-boggling . " Mr. Kettle , Pot is on line 1 . Compensation committees are not responsible for individual pay packages below the CEO , but they are responsible for determining their overall structure -- and for making sure that the CEO 's job includes effective management on compensation issues . Retention of employees may be a legitimate goal of a compensation program , but it can be accomplished in a way that is both effective and credible by being tied to performance goals and by delaying vesting until after the bailout funds are returned to taxpayers . The Corporate Library released a report in February about the boards of the bailout companies , many of which were outliers in their governance and compensation practices . Some of these were clear indicators of investment and liability risk . In several cases , we found individuals who not only sat on more than four corporate boards but also sat on more than one of these particularly troubled boards during this period . Former White House Chief of Staff Erskine Bowles , for example , served on the boards of Morgan Stanley , General Motors and Wachovia -- and at various times was also a director at Merck , VF Corp. , Krispy Kreme and Cousins Properties . Several other directors from these troubled boards also sat on either five or six boards altogether . We call the phenomenon of directors who serve on four or more corporate boards "  overboarding . " Overboarding can limit the time and attention a director has for each board . It can also be an indicator of -- or a contributor to -- so many relationships and connections that it makes it more difficult to provide the respectful skepticism necessary for independent oversight . In all , 11 of the 27 companies we identified as "  troubled " had at least one overboarded director . Six had more than one ; at Merrill Lynch , there were five . By comparison , fewer than 30 percent of S&P 500 companies have even a single overboarded director , and fewer than 5 percent have more than one . Another key finding from our analysis : Shareholders at these companies were well aware of the relative weakness of these boards and had expressed their dissatisfaction by withholding votes from many of these individuals the year before these companies collapsed . At least 13 individual directors , all of whom sat on at least three corporate boards during this period , had received a 13 percent or higher negative vote . The highest of these was a 38.58 percent negative vote received by Sir Winfried F.W. Bischoff at McGraw-Hill , where he sat on the compensation committee . Bischoff also served on the boards at Citigroup  as chairman and interim CEO  , Eli Lilly and Prudential . Although the businesses of these companies do not overlap enough to impair Bischoff 's designation as an "  independent " director or to create legal conflict of interest concerns , it is relevant that McGraw-Hill owns ratings agency Standard & Poor 's , which not only rates the other companies for which he was a director but also issues ratings on which the other companies rely in their assessment of risk . Because of the extensive involvement that financial services companies have in many different aspects of the business of large public corporations , directors of those companies in particular should be especially cautious about overlaps and conflicts . Badly designed compensation is an indicator of poor corporate governance , and poor corporate governance is an indicator of investment risk . Instead of trying to tax the bonuses at AIG , the government and the shareholders should insist on new directors . The company 's Web site says the compensation committee has five members . The two longest serving ones are James F. Orr III , who joined the committee on May 17 , 2006 and Virginia M. Rometty , who joined it on January 17 , 2007 , according to the company 's 2007 proxy statement . The committee 's charter says its responsibility include making recommendations to the full board regarding AIG 's compensation programs and reviewing and approving any hiring , severance or termination payments . People say that the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over again and expecting a different result . In this case , insanity is allowing the same people to continue to serve on the board after massive failure and expecting them to produce a different result . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nell Minow .	Nell Minow : People often overlook crucial role of company board of directors She says AIG 's board is ultimately responsible for the firm 's mistakes Minow : Compensation committee members should be held to account She says many finance firm board members are too busy on other boards
CNN  -- And then there were two . One is identified with the ethnic Tajik group from northern Afghanistan and is a former foreign minister who later became a critic of Afghan President Hamid Karzai . The other is close to the president and belongs to his Pashtun ethnic group . Both are technocrats who campaigned on a message of change . And each hopes to lead their turbulent nation into a brighter future . Preliminary results from Afghanistan 's landmark presidential elections show former Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah getting the most votes -- but not the majority needed to avoid a runoff with Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai . The two men will face each other in a runoff slated for June 7 , according to Afghanistan 's Independent Election Commission . The preliminary results will be finalized May 14 after investigations into fraud complaints , according to commission . It 's the third election since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 , and marks the first democratic handover of power in the fragile country . Incumbent Hamid Karzai is constitutionally bound to step down . Karzai was once the darling of the West but has long since fallen out of favor amid cries of corruption and cronyism . With NATO troops scheduled to pull out of Afghanistan by the end of the year , and following the refusal of Karzai to sign a bilateral agreement -- the so-called Status of Forces Agreement -- with the United States to keep some troops in-country , Afghan security is in the hands of the next man to be sworn in . CNN takes a look at the two contenders to be Afghanistan 's next leader . Abdullah Abdullah An ophthalmologist and former Northern Alliance medic in a previous life , Abdullah was a vocal critic of the Taliban during their years in power , and although he was a previous Karzai ally , serving in his government as foreign minister , he has in later years been a thorn in the side of the man who has ruled Afghanistan since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 . The urbane politician , known for his eloquence -- and his elegance -- took on Karzai in 2009 's election but dropped out after the first round in protest to what he saw as large-scale voter fraud . His campaign this time around has been wracked with violence , with three separate attacks by militants on Abdullah campaigners in the weeks before the election , according to the Afghan news agency , Khaama . "  The environment is not risk-free , but when I look at the enthusiasm of the Afghan people to participate in the elections -- that is part of it is encouraging . It is highly encouraging , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour earlier this year . As with many countries , both democratic and otherwise , loyalty along ethnic lines matters a great deal in Afghanistan . Pashtuns make up more than half of the population in this multi-ethnic country , with Tajiks the second-largest group , and a number of minor Turkic and other ethnic groups . Part Tajik and part Pashtun , Abdullah is considered a relative outsider given his background . He is generally associated with his Tajik side , giving him a possible advantage in reaching out to non-Pashtun voters , but which may work against him in a runoff if the other candidates back his Pashtun challenger . He is seen as a relatively liberal candidate and advocate of women 's engagement in public life , telling Britain 's Independent newspaper , "  If you want to see this country or any other country even being able to deal with the challenges and develop , it can not happen without the role of half the population . " He has signaled his intention to sign the Status of Forces Agreement with President Barack Obama in an effort to offer his constituents some security following NATO " s planned withdrawal at the end of 2014 . Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai A former academic who previously taught at Berkeley and Johns Hopkins University in the United States , Arshaf Ghani emerged as the dark horse candidate . A former U.S. citizen who gave up his passport to run for the Afghan presidency in 2009 , he 's known as having an impatient , fiery temper but also of being incredibly detail-oriented . Another ex-Karzai man , Ghani served as both an adviser to the current president and also as finance minister in his cabinet . He was working at the World Bank in Washington , D.C. during the September 11 attacks , and used the tragedy as a springboard for his re-engagement in Afghan politics , returning to his home country just months after the event . Considered a moderate , he says he has seen positive signs while campaigning around the country . "  At  rally after rally people are responding to a message of moderation , to message of reform , to message of transformation , to peace , stability and cooperation , " he told CNN 's Anna Coren . WATCH : CNN 's Christiane Amanpour interviews Ashraf Ghani His experience in the development agency was invaluable during his time in Karzai 's government , reconstructing the country , and he hopes voters will be convinced that it will stand him in equally good stead for the top job . A shrewd operator , Ghani , who is Pashtun , has enlisted the support of ex-warlord General Abdul Rashid Dostum , a native Uzbek , as his running mate . However , his many years in the United States -- especially while his countrymen were suffering , first under the yoke of Soviet imperialism and later the strictures of the Taliban -- may impede him as he is seen as an outsider with strong ties to the United States , which is seen by many as merely the latest foreign invaders of Afghan soil .	Abdullah Abdullah , Ashraf Ghani will be in a runoff slated for June 7 The two candidates won the most votes in field of 11 Historic presidential election for war-torn country Incumbent Hamid Karzai constitutionally must step down
CNN  -- As a third-grader in Winsted , Connecticut , last year , Matthew Asselin was sick -- a lot . He was lethargic and plagued with a persistent wet cough , respiratory infections and painful headaches . As the school year wound down , Matthew 's health worsened . He was out for two weeks in the spring with pneumonia and then developed a sinus infection so severe he needed to spend the night at the hospital , where he received intravenous antibiotics and breathing treatments . In all , Matthew missed 53 days of school . But over the summer , a strange thing happened . Matthew was healthy . He was energetic . He could ride his bike for hours at a time . "  When we put him back in school this year , within three weeks , he missed 10 days with a respiratory infection , " Melissa Asselin said . That 's when Matthew 's mother had an a-ha moment . "  When he was out of school , he was well . When he was in school , he became ill , " Asselin said . Matthew 's parents concluded that the 9-year-old 's school , Hinsdale Elementary , was making their son sick . Indoor air problems Figures are hard to come by , but studies have estimated that a third or more of U.S. schools have mold , dust and other indoor air problems serious enough to provoke respiratory issues like asthma in students and teachers . A national survey of school nurses found that 40 % knew children and staff adversely affected by indoor pollutants . Indoor air affects more than health . A growing body of research suggests students also perform better in schools with healthier air . "  If you get an unhealthy building , you 're not going to have a successful school , " said Lily Eskelsen , vice president of the National Education Association , the largest teachers ' union in the United States . "  Asthma is the number one chronic illness that keeps kids out of school , and it 's growing , " Eskelsen added . About one in 10 children in the United States now has asthma , which causes them to miss an average of four days of school a year , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Dr. John Santilli , a Connecticut allergist , says he has treated dozens of students sickened by school air . Even when children do n't miss school , he said , the medications they take for asthma and conditions like rhinitis , an allergic reaction to mold or dust , can make it harder for them to do their best work . "  They 're on antihistamines , they 're on nasal sprays , they 're on asthma medications , and this limits their ability to perform , " Santilli said . "  These kids ca n't concentrate . They ca n't focus on what 's going on . " Dr. Santilli says about 20 % to 30 % of people are susceptible to mold or dust , which triggers an allergic reaction . The resulting symptoms can include itchy eyes , runny nose , coughing , headaches , fatigue , even memory problems and slowed thinking . "  It takes a lot to make you sick , but it takes very little exposure once you 're sensitized to provoke symptoms , " Santilli said . "  As time goes on , it takes more and more out of you , and you get sicker and sicker . " A growing problem Researchers and others who follow the issue say school air problems have probably been exacerbated in recent years by funding cutbacks that have resulted in less money for building upkeep and maintenance . In Reading , Pennsylvania , the school board cut $ 18 million from the 2011-12 budget -- more than $ 1,000 per student -- which left acting Superintendent Drue Miles with little money to fix problems among aging buildings . At Reading 's Southern Middle School , for example , water pours into an upstairs classroom through holes in the roof when it rains . There 's no money to replace the roof , only patch it , Miles said . "  The buildings continue to deteriorate , and we only have a small amount of dollars to spread to do just some minimal things , " Miles said . Researchers at the New York state Health Department found a correlation between building maintenance at the public schools and hospitalizations for asthma . The condition of roofs , windows , walls and boilers were all related to the health of children at the school , researchers found . A similar study in Boston schools found a link between asthma rates and leaks , mold , lack of repairs and visible signs of insects or rodents . Children are particularly at risk because their bodies are still developing and they breathe in more air , pound for pound , than adults . "  Schools are more densely occupied than office buildings , and children are n't little adults . They 're uniquely vulnerable , " said Claire Barnett , founder and executive director of the Healthy Schools Network , a nonprofit group focused on environmental health in schools . Teachers at risk Kids are n't the only ones affected by school air . Joellen Lawson was a special education teacher at a Fairfield , Connecticut , elementary school so plagued with mold that it robbed Lawson of her health . Officials finally decided to tear it down and start from scratch , costing the district more than $ 20 million . "  I 've never recovered fully , and I 've also never had a pain-free day , " said Lawson , who is on permanent disability with a host of ailments including chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , a condition that has left her with 50 % of her lung capacity . According to a survey of teachers in the nation 's capital , two-thirds reported air quality at their schools of either fair or poor . More than half of Chicago teachers responding to the same survey also reported fair or poor school air quality . More than a quarter of Chicago teachers surveyed said they had suffered adverse health effects because of the school environment ; a third of the Washington teachers also reported these adverse health effects . One family 's solution Tests this fall at Matthew Asselin 's school , Hinsdale Elementary , showed elevated levels of mold in the gymnasium/cafeteria and two other areas , and the school district spent $ 16,000 for a thorough cleaning . The school board is also considering whether to close the school temporarily to replace a leaky roof and make other repairs . Matthew 's parents are n't taking any chances with their son 's health . They pulled him from Hinsdale . His mother , Melissa , who received her degree in elementary education last year , is now home-schooling the 9-year-old . The change has been a financial burden on the family , but Asselin says she would n't have it any other way . "  He 's a different child , " she said . "  Now he 's so healthy and happy . I ca n't put a price on that . "	Woman says school air sickened her son for 53 days last school year New York study finds correlation between building maintenance and illness Studies estimate one-third of U.S. schools have mold , dust and other indoor air problems Connecticut school so plagued with mold officials decided to tear it down
Baghdad  CNN  -- Seven police officers were killed and nine were injured Tuesday in a series of attacks at security checkpoints in the western Iraqi province of Anbar , police said . The attacks happened in the town of al-Rutba , a predominantly Sunni Muslim community that for a few years was an al Qaeda stronghold after the 2003 U.S-led invasion of the country . In Tuesday 's first attack , a suicide car bombing at a police checkpoint in northern al-Rutba killed four police officers and injured three others , said police officials in Ramadi , the provincial capital . Gunmen later attacked several security checkpoints in the town , killing three police officers and wounding six , police said . Information about the attackers ' casualties , beyond the suicide bomber , was n't available . Al-Rutba is about 435 kilometers  270 miles  west of the country 's capital , Baghdad . Also Tuesday , a car bomb exploded near a busy market in the central Iraqi town of Musayyib in Babil province , killing one person and injured 11 , police in Baghdad said . Musayyib , a largely Shiite town , is about 70 kilometers  43 miles  south of Baghdad . Iraq has seen a sharp increase in tension between its Shiite and Sunni populations since April , when security forces raided a site used by Sunni protesters to demonstrate against the Shiite-led government . Sunnis , who represent a minority of Iraqis , have felt politically marginalized since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein in 2003 . Shiites make up a majority of Iraqis . So far in 2013 , more than 6,000 people have been killed in Iraq . More than 350 of those deaths came this month , and almost 1,000 happened in September . Journalist Mohammed Adnan in Falluja contributed to this report .	Suicide car bombing kills four police officers in al-Rutba Gunmen later kill three other police officers at security checkpoints in the town Also Tuesday , car bomb kills one person , injures 11 others in central Iraqi town of Musayyib
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- A medical group in Argentina is asking for more drug-testing regulations in the South American country after a officials fined pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline for alleged irregularities in a pediatric pneumonia vaccine trial . The Argentinian Federation of Health Professionals accuses drug maker GlaxoSmithKline of misleading participants and pressuring poor families into joining a trial for the Synflorix vaccine , which the company says protects against bacterial pneumonia and meningitis . "  They recruited children in an irregular manner . ... They did not do what they were supposed to . They did not inform . There were not independent witnesses . They pressured the mothers of poor children , " said Jorge Yabkowsky , the federation 's director . But GlaxoSmithKline , the world 's second largest pharmaceutical company , denies those accusations and says it will appeal a judge 's approval of Argentina 's National Administration of Medicine , Food and Medical Technology 's fining the company and two doctors a total of nearly $ 240,000 for irregularities in documentation of the trial . In a statement , GlaxoSmithKline said it conducts clinical studies all over the world , respecting laws and meeting the highest standards of ethics and quality . "  The ruling has to do with procedures , with the form of documenting procedures of the studies . ... None of the patients that were included in this study were included without their appropriate consent , " said Rosana Felice , medical director of Glaxo Argentina . Felice said official investigations by Argentina 's drug administration , known as ANMAT , and ethics reviews have not turned up any irregularities in the vaccine 's safety . GlaxoSmithKline 's statement said there are no cases alleging fraud or corruption in the study . The deaths of 14 children who reportedly died after participating in the trials , have drawn widespread attention in Argentinian media . Their deaths are under investigation , but there has been no evidence linking deaths to the vaccine or irregularities in the studies . Felice said GlaxoSmithKline categorically denies that the vaccine caused the deaths . "  In no case was it related to the administration of the vaccine , and this has been sufficiently demonstrated , proven and evaluated by ANMAT , " Felice said . But the health professional federation pointed to the children 's deaths in its call for increased regulations on drug testing . The trial included 24,000 children , Felice said , including 14,000 children in Argentina and 10,000 others in Colombia and Panama . The Synflorix vaccine has been approved by regulatory agencies in more than 85 countries , based on more than 40 clinical studies , GlaxoSmithKline said .	Argentina 's drug administration has fined the company and two doctors nearly $ 240,000 A medical group accuses GlaxoSmithKline of misleading trial participants The drug company denies those accusations and says it will appeal the fine GlaxoSmithKline says there were no irregularities regarding consent or the vaccine 's safety
CNN  -- Cricket Australia has trademarked the term "  63 not out " in an attempt to prevent people cashing in on the death of its Test batsman Phillip Hughes . The 25-year-old Hughes died after being hit on the head by a ball in a domestic match in Sydney last month . He had reached the score of 63 runs when the tragic accident occurred . His untimely death stunned the sporting world and the scheduled first Test between Australia and India in Adelaide had to be postponed as his teammates struggled to cope with their grief at his passing . Tributes on social media initially centered around a campaign #putyourbatsout on Twitter as thousands of people photographed cricket bats in unusual places to mark their respect for Hughes . But 63 not out also became an iconic symbol of the batsman 's life and when the first Test eventually took place , spectators were asked to stand for 63 seconds of applause before the start . Australian players reaching that score during their innings also marked its significance with gestures and many in the crowd wore T-shirts or held up signs with 63 not out featured . However , cricket authorities in Australia and Hughes ' representatives have become concerned about the volume of unlicensed memorabilia , mostly clothing and stickers , and the use of online auction sites to promote the various offerings . Cricket Australia said the agreement was purely "  defensive " to prevent others trying to exploit Hughes ' memory . "  CA registered the trademark in conjunction with Phillip 's management to prevent others trying to exploit Phillip 's memory , " a spokesperson told CNN . "  There was some evidence of that starting , " it added . The entire Australia-India series has been played out with continuous reminders of Hughes . The Australian team is wearing shirts with the number 408 stitched in . Hughes was the 408th player to represent his country in Test matches , the highest level of international cricket . Australia 's players , especially those closest to Hughes , have also produced inspired performances against India , taking a 2-0 lead and dominating the Third Test which started on Boxing Day in Melbourne . Stand-in captain Steve Smith reached his Test-best 192 on Saturday as the home team posted a formidable first innings of 530 . He was supported by innings from Brad Haddin  55  , Mitchell Johnson  28  and Ryan Harris  74  as Australia scored quickly against the Indian bowling attack . India fought back to reach 108 for one wicket by the close , but its chancing of winning the match and attempting to square the four-match series is effectively over .	Cricket Australia trademarks term "  63 not out " Score reached by Phillip Hughes in his final innings Governing body says it is to prevent people cashing in Australia in strong position in third Test against India
CNN  -- Residents of a Corpus Christi , Texas , neighborhood had the kind of wake-up call no homeowner wants to get . An early morning explosion Friday shook the area , sparking a fire that rushed through the neighborhood . In the end , three homes were flattened and about 70 others were damaged , the Red Cross told CNN affiliate KIII . Two people injured were in critical condition Saturday night . They were first taken to a local hospital and then flown to the burn unit at San Antonio 's Brooke Army Medical Center , according to the Corpus Christi Fire Department . KIII news anchors , in the studio nearly two miles away from the blast site , were in the middle of their live morning newscast Friday when they -- and their viewers -- heard a loud boom . The room appeared to shake slightly . Eryk Phillips lives in the home behind the blast site . "  I woke up and my ears were ringing , " Phillips told KIII . When his hearing started to come back , he said , "  I could hear sirens , car alarms going off and all that ... and I 'm thinking , ` Wow , am I going to die ? ' " Phillips ' home is littered with glass and insulation . Part of the ceiling is peeled away . He is among 34 people evacuated . The fire department believes the cause was probably a natural gas leak inside a home . But state and local investigators are on the scene digging through rubble to determine .	2 people are in critical condition at a San Antonio hospital burn unit The explosion and fire destroyed 3 homes , damaged 70 , the Red Cross says CNN affiliate was on air when the blast occurred nearby Local and state investigators are working to determine the cause of the blast
CNN  -- Wayne Rooney returned with a goal to send England through to the quarter finals of Euro 2012 as Group D winners . Rooney 's second-half header saw Roy Hodgson 's England leapfrog France , who crashed to a 2-0 defeat against Sweden but still limped through to the last eight . Rooney , who had missed a glorious first-half chance to break the deadlock , headed in from close range after goalkeeper Andriy Pyatov had spilled Steven Gerrard 's cross . Yet the real post-match talking point centred on a call for goalline technology as co-hosts Ukraine saw a Marko Devic shot apparently cross the line before being scrambled away by John Terry . It was a cruel end to Ukraine 's tournament and a lucky break for England , who held on to secure a quarter-final clash with Italy while France face Spain . England 1-0 Ukraine The co-hosts needed a win to progress and made a positive start . But while Ukraine undoubtedly dominated the first half , it was England who had the best chance of the opening 45 minutes . John Terry picked out Ashley Young with a fantastic cross-field pass and Young 's centre expertly picked out the run of his Manchester United team-mate Rooney , only for the striker to plant his header harmlessly wide . To say Rooney looked rusty on his return would be a huge understatement . His touch was poor and so was his hold-up play , betraying his absence from the tournament so far , but his movement off the ball remained encouraging for Hodgson 's side . But it was not just their returning striker who struggled for England ; their general play was sloppy and Ukraine 's greater urgency and desire meant they bossed the game . Right-back Oleg Husyev displayed plenty of the attacking instinct that he shows on the right wing for Dynamo Kiev and caused Ashley Cole and England all sorts of anxieties . But , for all their intent , Ukraine failed to create any real threat to Joe Hart 's goal . Instead , it was England who took control of the game three minutes into the second half -- and this time Rooney 's movement paid handsome dividends . Captain Gerrard created the opening , cutting inside and hitting a firm cross that clipped off Selin and Khacheridi to send the ball squirming out of goalkeeper Pyatov 's grasp and allow Rooney to run free and head home from close range . On the hour , Ukraine wasted a glorious chance to level when Andriy Yarolenko 's searching cross found Milevskiy , who appeared offside but managed to plant his header over the bar from close range . Two minutes later , the co-hosts were controversially denied an equaliser when Milevsky set up Devic , whose shot was parried well by Hart but looped up and goalwards . John Terry raced back and acrobatically hooked away , though the effort looked to have clearly crossed the line . There was still time for Hart to spectacularly palm away Konoplyanka 's shot , the impressive Joleon Lescott scrambling the loose ball clear , as England weathered the co-hosts ' storm to climb to the top of Group D. Upwards and onwards . France 0-2 Sweden Second-half goals from Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Sebastian Larsson saw Sweden end their Euro 2012 campaign with victory , but Erik Hamren 's side still finished rock-bottom of the group as France limped through as group runners-up . The Swedes , beaten by Ukraine and England in their opening two games , dominated the first half and were unlucky not to take the lead when Philippe Mexes ' slip let in Ola Toivonen who rounded keeper Hugo Lloris but shot against the outside of the post from a tight angle . Larsson shot over the crossbar as Sweden threatened again but they finally took a deserved lead on 54 minutes when Ibrahimovic spectacularly volleyed home following another spell of pressure . Captain Lloris kept France in contention when he beat away a Wilhelmsson cross and , from the resulting corner , twisted spectacularly to tip over Olof Mellberg 's close range flick . That finally prompted a spell of French pressure , but the closest they came was a Karim Benzema shot that dragged across the face of goal as Sweden comfortably held on . In fact , the Swedes doubled their money in the closing minutes to complete a deserved win . Samuel Holmen scuffed his shot , but the effort bounced back off the crossbar and fell invitingly for Larsson to smash home with another spectacular Swedish finish . Ukraine 's defeat meant that France still reached the last eight , where they will now face European champions Spain .	Wayne Rooney 's goal seals England a 1-0 win over Euro 2012 co-hosts Ukraine Already-eliminated Sweden beat France 2-0 in Kiev Second-half goals from Ibrahimovic and Larsson seal Sweden 's win France through as Group D runners-up , despite defeat
CNN  -- Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty were former Navy SEAL commandos working as diplomatic security officers . Sean Smith was a computer expert with an online alter-ego legendary in the gaming world . The three men and U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens died in the assault on the American consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi . Details of how they met their fates in the Mediterranean city that had been the cradle of Libya 's 2011 revolution were just beginning to emerge Thursday . On Thursday , a U.S. official confirmed Woods as among the dead . "  Tyrone 's friends and colleagues called him ` Rone , ' and they relied on his courage and skill , honed over two decades as a Navy SEAL , " said Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in a statement . "  In uniform , he served multiple tours in Iraq and Afghanistan . Since 2010 , he protected American diplomatic personnel in dangerous posts from Central America to the Middle East . He had the hands of a healer as well as the arm of a warrior , earning distinction as a registered nurse and certified paramedic . All our hearts go out to Tyrone 's wife Dorothy and his three sons , Tyrone Jr. , Hunter , and Kai , who was born just a few months ago . " A diplomatic source told CNN that Doherty was in Libya to search for shoulder-fired anti-aircraft missiles -- a mission given high priority after the fall of longtime Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi . Doherty grew up in Massachusetts with a passion for the outdoors , particularly the mountain West , his family said . Outside the family 's home in Woburn , near Boston , his sister remembered him as "  our American hero . " "  Glen lived his life to the fullest , " Katie Quigley told reporters . "  He was my brother , but if you ask his friends , he was their brother as well . " Arrest made in connection with deadly assault on U.S. consulate in Libya The 42-year-old graduated from high school in 1988 in neighboring Winchester , where flags were displayed at half-staff on Thursday . He played on the varsity tennis and wrestling teams , school officials said in an announcement marking his death . His junior-year English teacher , Judy Hession , recalled him as "  bursting with life . " "  Every day his huge smile and his happy-go-lucky optimism filled my classroom , " Hession said in a statement released by the school district . "  He got along with all types of people , was a class leader and , from the perspective of 30 years of teaching , one of my most memorable students . " After college in Arizona and stints as a "  ski bum " and raft guide in Utah , Doherty joined the Navy and became a member of the elite Navy SEAL commandos in 1995 , his family said in a statement . He had planned to leave the service after knee surgery in 2001 , but after the al Qaeda attacks on New York and Washington , he "  was not allowed to to leave and did n't want to , " his family said . Doherty served two tours of duty in Iraq , starting with the U.S. invasion in 2003 , before leaving the military in 2005 . He then became a private security contractor , working in Afghanistan , Pakistan and Yemen -- a job that took a toll on his home life and contributed to a divorce , his family said . He also joined the advisory board of the Military Religious Freedom Foundation , a group that has battled religious intolerance in the U.S. armed forces . Its president , former Air Force officer Michael "  Mikey " Weinstein , said he was "  in a state of shock " after learning of Doherty 's death . 4 killed as Yemeni police , demonstrators clash at U.S. Embassy "  He was one of our most active advisory board members , " Weinstein said . "  I was surprised he was willing to come on and lend the gravitas that comes with being a Navy SEAL to our cause . " Doherty 's involvement "  made it easier for others to come to us , " Weinstein added . He said Doherty believed the kind of violent jihadists American troops faced were "  a very small percentage of the overall mosaic of the Muslim faith , " and saw anti-Muslim sentiment in the United States and in the ranks as something that hurt U.S. national security . "  He went back to the Middle East because he cared deeply about the Muslim people , and because he cared about bringing freedom and democracy and human rights to the Middle East , " Weinstein said . Doherty "  was a kind and caring person , and I 'm sure that he gave every last bit of his courage and strength " to defend the consulate and Stevens , he added . "  All this is going to do is light a further fire under us in Glen 's name and memory to continue to fight for religious freedom and respect and tolerance . " He also co-authored a 2010 book , "  The 21st-Century Sniper : A Complete Practical Guide , " with former comrade Brandon Webb . In a statement accompanying the family 's , Webb said , "  Do n't feel sorry for him , he would n't have it . " "  He died serving with men he respected , protecting the freedoms we enjoy as Americans and doing something he loved , " Webb said . In her statement , Clinton said Doherty , a paramedic , was referred to as "  Bub " by his friends and family . "  In the end , he died the way he lived -- with selfless honor and unstinting valor , " she said . Smith 's death was among the first reported in the Benghazi fracas . Clinton eulogized him Wednesday as a 10-year veteran of the Foreign Service , an information management officer who had served in Iraq , South Africa , Canada and the Netherlands . In real life , he was an Air Force veteran with a wife , a son and a daughter . But in the virtual universe of the computer game EVE Online , Smith was "  Vile Rat " -- one of the leaders of a gamer 's alliance renowned for his diplomatic skill in the multi-player space warfare simulation . Arabic press condemns violence , film-maker "  If you play this stupid game , you may not realize it , but you play in a galaxy created in large part by Vile Rat 's talent as a diplomat . No one focused as relentlessly on using diplomacy as a strategic tool as VR , " Smith 's friend Alex Gianturco wrote in a tribute posted on his website . Gianturco wrote that Smith had been under fire before , while posted to Baghdad . When that occurred , he usually broke off his messaging . "  We 'd freak out and he 'd come back OK after a bit , " Gianturco wrote . But Tuesday night , after reporting "  GUNFIRE , " Smith "  disconnected and never returned , " he added . A few hours earlier , Smith had posted , "  assuming we do n't die tonight . We saw one of our ` police ' that guard the compound taking pictures , " he recounted . "  I 'm clearly in shock as I write this as everything is buzzing around my head funnily and I feel kind of dead inside , " Gianturco wrote . Analysis : In Libya , militias ` running the show ' Mystery shrouds anti-Islam film Blog : Arrest , violence updates CNN 's Chris Lawrence , Elise Labott and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	NEW : Tyrone Woods ' friends and family called him "  Rone , " Clinton says Security officer Glen Doherty was searching for anti-aircraft missiles , source says : Computer expert Sean Smith was renowned in a gamer 's universe Both died in Benghazi with Chris Stevens , the U.S. ambassador to Libya
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN 's "  Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays . She delivered this commentary during the "  Cutting through the Bull " segment of Monday night 's broadcast . CNN 's Campbell Brown says nonemergency legislation needs time to be read by the public and Congress . CNN  -- Whether by omission or commission , both the White House and Congress get a dose of blame for not living up to the new era of transparency promised by President Obama . The president 's old campaign Web site still has this commitment there for all to see : "  As president , Obama will not sign any nonemergency bill without giving the American public an opportunity to review and comment on the White House Web site for five days . " Well , the president broke that promise barely a week after taking office when he signed the Lilly Ledbetter Bill dealing with equal pay for men and women . A good bill , and certainly one that could have survived a five-day comment period . So , maybe the White House folks just forgot ? But then there is Congress and the Stimulus Bill . How fast could you get through it ? According to the nonpartisan Sunlight Foundation , lawmakers had just 13 hours to read 1,100 pages of material that would cost the American taxpayer $ 787 billion . That 's less than a minute and a half per page , with no time for bathroom breaks . No wonder so many of our lawmakers did n't seem to notice that last-minute exemption clearing the way for bailed-out companies like AIG to pay out big bonuses . So , the House tried to clean up the mess last week by rushing through another bill -- a tax on AIG bonuses . That bill was just 11 hours old before it went on the floor to be argued and then quickly approved . And the list goes on well before the president took office . The bank bailout got all of 29 hours , the rescue of Fannie and Freddie was only available for 19 hours . This is how bills could literally become , to borrow a phrase , too big to fail -- and too fast to stop . The Sunlight Foundation is calling on Congress to allow the American people three days , 72 hours , to read a nonemergency bill online before debate begins . We strongly agree . And yes lawmakers , you can have three days to read it over , too , before taking a stand . As for President Obama 's promise of a five-day public review once a bill leaves Capitol Hill headed for his desk , it would be nice if he kept his word on this going forward . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown .	Brown : Obama said he 'd post legislation on Web for 5 days before signing it He broke that promise with the Lilly Ledbetter Bill , Brown says Congress also should take more time to study bills , she says
CNN  -- If you grew up in the 1980s there 's nothing guaranteed to make you feel older than a trip to the movies . "  Conan the Barbarian " , "  The Thing " and "  Footloose " ... What 's next ? "  Top Gun " ? But if there have to be remakes , then let them all be as much fun as Craig Brewer 's "  Footloose . " Brewer 's previous movies , "  Hustle & Flow " and "  Black Snake Moan , " were southern exploitation pictures with a smooth retro gloss , their sleazy trappings disguising a heart of pure vanilla . But both showed a real feel for music : hip-hop and 12-bar blues respectively . That 's a good starting point when it comes to "  Footloose , " a fairly trite rock-n-roll rebellion story that 's redeemed by its faith in dance . The 1984 original was the first screenplay by songwriter Dean Pitchford , and Brewer sticks close enough to the template that Pitchford shares a screenplay credit with him here . Both versions get bogged down in silly speechifying , but in almost every respect Brewer 's high fidelity cover version improves on the previous movie . It 's sharper , punchier , better written and mostly better acted too . If anything the city-country cultural divide cuts deeper today than it did in the Reagan era , but Brewer shifts the action a few degrees south and navigates a more even-handed course between them . His small town , Bomont , Tennessee , is quite sympathetically drawn . And if the city by-laws prohibiting loud music , drink and public dancing make the local elders come off like the Taliban , Dennis Quaid 's Reverend Moore is not the shrill evangelical caricature John Lithgow played , but a concerned parent and pastor who assumes responsibility for protecting his flock in the wake of a personal tragedy . As Ren , the urban hipster who is taken in by his uncle after his mom dies , Kenny Wormald does n't eclipse Kevin Bacon 's star-making performance , but he 's an attractive actor who refrains from posturing . And he 's a sensational dancer . "  Dancing with the Stars " alum Julianne Hough -- who plays Ariel , the wild preacher 's daughter -- has the trickier challenge of showing us a young woman acting out , sexually , and frankly seems a shade too mature to carry it off . That 's partly Brewer 's fault -- Ariel does n't get the chance to explain herself until too late in the day , and it does n't help that Hough seems to have been made up to look like a young Jennifer Aniston . But again , she comes into her own in the dance numbers . iReporter gives ` Footloose ' a 3 out of 5 Because he 's cast real dancers , Brewer does n't have to slice and dice the choreography : the music sequences  including eight new numbers and the four biggest hits from the 84 version  are dynamic and exciting . The choreography runs from line dancing to hip-hop and krumping , as well as a cute , funny sequence in which Ren 's flat-footed buddy Willard  Miles Teller  learns rhythm from a posse of five-year-old girls . Granted , it could never best the original for , you know , originality , but now -- as then -- "  Footloose " is an irresistible celebration of young bodies in motion . Altogether now : Loose , footloose , kick off your Sunday shoes ...	Craig Brewer 's "  Footloose " is a fun remake of the 1984 classic Wormald does n't eclipse Bacon 's performance , but he 's an attractive actor Because he 's cast real dancers , Brewer does n't have to slice and dice the choreography
The coroner who conducted the inquest into the death of Amy Winehouse has resigned , raising the possibility that the case could be reopened . Assistant Deputy Coroner Suzanne Greenaway ruled in October that Winehouse , who was found dead on July 23rd , died of accidental alcohol poisoning . Greenaway resigned in November after officials discovered that she had not been a registered lawyer in the United Kingdom for the required five years . Her resignation was not made public until today . Adding to the intrigue is the fact that Greenaway was appointed to her post by her husband , Andrew Reid , who serves as a London coroner himself . In a statement , Reid said that he was under the impression that his wife 's tenure as a registered lawyer in her native Australia qualified her for the post . The Camden Council , the local authority in the matter , said it believed Reid "  had made an error in good faith . " Reid indicated he would be willing to perform any of Greenaway 's inquests again if the families of the deceased requested it . Winehouse 's family said they are consulting with attorneys and have not yet decided whether to pursue a new inquest . See the full article at RollingStone.com .	Coroner Suzanne Greenaway ruled that Winehouse died of accidental alcohol poisoning Greenaway resigned after officials discovered that she had not been a registered lawyer Greenaway was appointed to her post by her husband , Andrew Reid
RollingStone.com  -- Colin Farrell has just filled in one piece of the "  True Detective " casting puzzle by confirming that he 'll be joining the HBO series for its second season . The actor shared the news in an interview with The Sunday World  via Buzzfeed  . "  I 'm doing the second series , " he told the Irish newspaper . "  I 'm so excited . " The dark thrills of ` True Detective ' Farrell noted that the remaining roles were still being locked in as he dropped a few more details about the production . "  I know it will be eight episodes and take around four or five months to shoot , " he said . "  I know very little about it , but we 're shooting in the environs of Los Angeles which is great . It means I get to stay at home and see the kids . " ` True Detective ' creator ` halfway ' through season 2 scripts HBO has not yet confirmed the casting news , and other details of the production remain a mystery . Elisabeth Moss , Rachel McAdams , Vince Vaughn and Taylor Kitsch are all rumored to be interested or involved in some way . Series creator Nic Pizzolato has previously revealed that the second season of the series , set in a fictional California town , would be about "  hard women , bad men and the secret occult history of the United States transportation system . " See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Colin Farrell says he 's joining "  True Detective " season 2 The actor made the revelation in Irish newspaper The Sunday World HBO has not yet confirmed the casting news
CNN  -- A one-way ticket to Mars . Presuming you get there , who would n't want to come back ? As it turns out , plenty of people . This spring , the Netherlands-based Mars One Project began accepting applications for that one-way ticket . Between April and early September , more than 165,000 people from around the world tossed their names into the hat . Clearly , the end of the U.S. space shuttle program in 2011 did nothing to diminish the appeal of extraterrestrial adventures . "  Exploration and a sense of discovery are innate in humans , more in some and less in others , " says Aashima Dogra , editorial manager at Mars One . Even if you 're not one of those shopping around for spacesuits , the Final Frontier holds plenty of fascination : Consider how many were enthralled last May by Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield 's rendition of David Bowie 's "  Space Oddity , " performed and videotaped aboard the International Space Station . So maybe it 's time for an Earthbound expedition inspired by the stars . For cautious enthusiasts -- or Mars One applicants waiting to hear back -- here are six space-related destinations on terra firma : The U.S. Space & Rocket Center , Alabama If you missed out on Space Camp as a kid , it 's not too late to live the dream : The U.S. Space & Rocket Center in Huntsville , Alabama , also offers a 2-day camp for adults , as well as three - and four-day camps for families . Prices for these camps range from $ 299 - $ 549 per person and give attendees a chance to experience elements of astronaut training , rocket construction and mission control . There are simulations aplenty at the center 's museum , too : the G-Force Accelerator , a Space Shot that rockets you 140 feet in 2.5 seconds , and -- a highlight for Mars One aspirants -- a Mars Mission capsule . Follow up the action with downtime in the center 's extensive galleries and archives . Open daily , 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is $ 20 for children 6-12 , $ 25 if you 're over 13 . 800-637-7223 Giant airliners : Does size matter ? The Hayden Planetarium , New York City Why settle for seeing Mars when you can journey far outside our galaxy ? At the Hayden Planetarium in Manhattan , extraordinary visuals give you the impression of interstellar travel -- and a mind-boggling reminder of the scope of it all . The Digital Universe , a "  3-D atlas of the universe " developed specially by the planetarium , makes possible fantastic shows like the new "  Dark Universe " show now in the works , or one-time events like "  Astronomy Live : The Grand Tour " on October 29 . Programs like these take viewers beyond our solar system to explore distant stars and obscure galaxies . Tickets are $ 15 for adults , $ 13.50 for children . 212-769-5100 International UFO Museum and Research Center , New Mexico While some humans are packing for Mars , others believe the residents of distant planets have been visiting us for years . In 1947 , ranchers near Roswell , New Mexico , came upon unusual debris that would form the basis of perhaps the most famous UFO story of all time . The town has memorialized the incident with the International UFO Museum and Research Center , opened in 1996 . Memorabilia includes original broadcasts pertaining to the event and models of debris based on eyewitness accounts . There are also photos of possible UFOs from around the world and an extensive library relating to UFOs and crop circles . "  We 're not here to convince people one way or the other , " says executive director Mark Briscoe . "  It 's for all individuals to make up their own minds . " Open 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily . Admission is $ 5 adults , $ 2 children 15 and under . 800-822-3545 . Spaceport America , New Mexico After looking to the past in Roswell , drive west to glimpse the future at Spaceport America in the Jornada del Muerto desert . Though not yet complete , the world 's first purpose-built commercial spaceport is welcoming preview bus tours before operations kick into full gear . The spaceport 's chief tenant is Virgin Galactic , the space exploration arm of Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Group , which has already taken over 600  refundable  booking deposits for $ 250,000 seats on future space flights . Tours offer a sneak preview of what 's sure to be a headline-grabbing grand opening . The 18,000-acre Spaceport site is home to an airfield , launch facilities , the mission control building and the architecturally arresting terminal hangar . The 3 1/2 - hour tours also include information on the latest developments in space exploration technology and the new , commercial space race . Reservations are required . Contact tour operator Follow the Sun , Inc. . Tours depart twice a day on Fridays and Saturdays , and once on Sundays . Cost is $ 59 for adults , $ 49 for children 13-17 , and $ 29 for children 12 and under . 866-428-4786 . Spanning the globe for scary bridges The Kennedy Space Center , Florida Manned shuttles no longer light up the sky above Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Florida , but the center 's visitor complex remains an essential destination for space enthusiasts . The biggest exhibit these days is the Space Shuttle Atlantis attraction , which includes not only the craft itself , but landing and docking simulators . Regular buses run to the Apollo/Saturn V Center , featuring historic vehicles and exhibits relating to the Apollo program and moon landing . Each day , a bona fide astronaut does a presentation on his or her life and experiences . And if you 're lucky , you may even catch a rocket launch , which happen roughly every few weeks . The visitor complex is open 365 days a year , 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Admission is $ 50 for adults , $ 40 for children 3-11 . Call for reservations : 877-313-2610 .  It 's still open during the U.S. government shutdown . Trekcetera Museum , Canada In the world of pop culture , nothing has inspired more would-be astronauts than "  Star Trek . " The little town of Vulcan in Alberta , Canada , has made the most of its Trekkish name , with a Star-Trek themed tourism office , a replica of the Enterprise , and other memorabilia . This summer it added the Trekcetera Museum , sure to put Vulcan more firmly on the mental map of any thorough Trekkie . Billed as "  Canada 's only ` Star Trek ' museum , " its displays feature original costumes and props from both the movies and TV shows . Fall opening hours are 10 a.m. to 5p . m. , closed Tuesdays . Tickets cost $ 12 for adults , $ 8 for seniors and children .	Experience the G-Force Accelerator rocketing you 140 feet in 2.5 seconds Explore the "  Dark Universe " without leaving New York City Tour the world 's first purpose-built commercial spaceport in New Mexico Visit Canada 's Star Trek museum in the perfectly-named town of Vulcan
CNN  -- The "  do-nothing " Congress is the most misleading expression in politics . With the start of the final period in this congressional session , politicians and pundits have been writing one story after another about how little legislation is likely to pass in the coming months . "  The Do-Nothing Congress , " "  Congress 's Plan to Get Nothing Done , " "  What the ` Do Nothing Congress ' Is Doing on ISIL " and "  Will the ` Do-Nothing ' Congress Do Even Less in An Election Season ? " are just some of the headlines . Congress , they say , will sit idly and do nothing while the world burns . A recent CNN/ORC poll found that 83 % of Americans do n't approve of the way Congress is working . A stunning 65 % believe it to be the worst Congress of "  their lifetime . " Comparisons abound with the famous 80th Congress that President Truman lambasted in 1948 . Yes , few major bills will pass . But the term gives a skewed picture of the effects of obstruction . Let 's stop calling it a "  do-nothing " Congress . For reporters and politicians who use it , the term is a cop-out . By doing nothing , Congress is actually doing a lot , though the consequences are not very pretty . Inaction can make things worse . And that 's exactly what 's happening now . These are some of the problems that will worsen , thanks to Congress ' failure : Immigration : Doing nothing in this case means leaving millions of lives hanging in the balance . Families must continue to live in the shadows , fearful of deportation and unable to gain access to the best jobs and educational opportunities . The New York Times recently published a story featuring a mother in Ohio named Seleste Wisniewski who has been somberly watching the news about President Obama 's decision to delay action on changing immigration policy since her Mexican husband -- who has been in the U.S. for over a decade and whose stay of deportation was canceled -- is at risk to be deported . Climate change : The stakes of failure to act on climate continue to grow . Respected scientists across the globe have documented the dangerous impact of our current business , environmental and energy practices and their role in enabling intolerable levels of greenhouse emissions . More carbon dioxide is getting pumped into the atmosphere , sea levels are rising , and more species are at risk . Last summer , a bipartisan group of officials , including former Treasury Secretaries Hank Paulson and Robert Rubin , catalogued the immense environmental and economic effects . They urged remedies in the near future , such as the imposition of a carbon tax . Without any change , the costs will rise . "  Hope is not a strategy , " Paulson said . Last week , the World Meteorological Organization reported that the levels of carbon monoxide in the atmosphere are higher than ever before . The National Audubon Society gave a very specific result : Half of the North American bird species are at risk as a result of the new temperatures . Presidential war power : Legislators have a lot to say about ISIS , Ukraine and military challenges overseas . At this point , however , they have not been voting on anything . Congress has limited itself to the safe role of being the Monday morning quarterback . These are the exactly the kinds of conditions that create incentives and room for presidential war power to keep growing . Indeed , New York Rep. Peter King urged Obama to do something rather than waiting for Congress to act . "  I think the president should take action and then I think the Congress should pass legislation supporting what the president does , " he said on CNN . In no uncertain terms , Obama has said that he can act without congressional consent if necessary . Historically , the biggest check to presidential war power has been when Congress is assertive , with its power over the military budget and oversight . When it is inactive , presidents use executive authority , and they do so with impunity . This will happen again . Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson and Republican congressman Frank Wolf have proposed bills authorizing the president to use military power for a limit of three years against ISIS . Congress should move forward with a vote on their legislation , putting a strong congressional imprint on the policies dictating what kind of military force will be used . Agency planning : Although not quite as sexy as the other issues , agencies suffer under the current legislative process . Over the past decade , the chaotic budgeting process that Congress has used has left agencies constantly scrambling and uncertain about what kind of funding is ahead . Long-term planning and strategic investments are difficult in this kind of environment . By holding back on spending bills and constantly raising the possibility of government shutdowns , Congress prevents federal agencies from carrying on the business of government . In this case , the "  do-nothing " Congress places handcuffs on civil servants . Middle-class insecurity : A lot of ink  in printer cartridges  has been spilled in the past few years documenting the growing problem of economic inequality in the U.S. . The rich keep getting richer , the poor keep slipping even further behind and the middle class lives in a state of peril . There are many factors behind this development , but government policy has been one of them . Tax policies that give disproportionate relief to wealthier Americans and the failure to update and strengthen social safety net programs that benefit the disadvantaged have been major culprits . Government investment in growing areas of the economy that could compensate for slow growth in older and failing sectors has not been forthcoming as the parties remain locked in a stalemate . Government wo n't solve the problem of inequality and insecurity , but it can certainly make conditions much better . That happened during the 1930s and 1940s , when Franklin Roosevelt rallied the public behind federal programs that produced one of America 's greatest periods of economic growth . Right now , Congress is saying no to any new solutions . The result is that the fabric of the country continues to become frail . In all of these areas , and more , Congress worsens America 's problems by standing still . Starting with this fall 's midterm campaigns , voters must increase pressure on Congress to do something different than the current path and to offer compromise solutions to these problems . In the meantime , the media and our political leaders have an obligation to stop using a term that obscures the impact of what is taking place .	Julian Zelizer : It 's a cop-out to let this Congress be known as "  do-nothing " By failing to pass significant legislation , Congress is actively worsening our problems , he says Zelizer : Immigrant families are kept at risk , the economic recovery proceeds very slowly He says a passive Congress fails to provide a check on presidential war powers
Gaza City  CNN  -- Will it , or wo n't it , hold ? That 's the question following word late Monday that Israel and Palestinian factions , including Hamas , agreed to a 72-hour humanitarian cease-fire proposed by Egypt . Even as they agreed to the cease-fire , set to take effect Tuesday morning , both sides appeared suspicious of one another . "  The onus is on Hamas , " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said shortly after announcing on CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " that Israel had accepted the Egyptian proposal . Under the agreement , the cease-fire will begin at 8 a.m. local time , he said . "  We are entering this with our eyes open . ... We have been burnt more than once . " The sentiment was similar from Hamas spokesman Osama Hamdan , who told CNN as long as Israel honors the agreement , so will the Palestinians . "  We hope they can take it and be committed to a cease-fire , " he said . While Egypt has not released details of the cease-fire agreement , Regev said it was the same agreement that Israel accepted and Hamas rejected three weeks ago . News of the cease-fire comes as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vowed Monday to finish the military operation to destroy Hamas ' network of tunnels . That operation appeared to be close to an end , with Regev saying Israel will "  cease all our ... military activities , all our offensive operations against terrorist targets in the Gaza Strip . " When asked about the tunnels , he said the issue is solving itself . "  It 's winding up anyway , " Regev said . Earlier in the day , the Israel Defense Forces said there were possibly between one and three tunnels left . Mounting death toll Both sides have been under fire for a mounting death toll in the conflict , now in its fourth week . More than 1,800 people have been killed in Gaza , according to the Palestinian Health Ministry . The United Nations has said of those casualties , civilians account for 70 % to 80 % . Israeli officials have said 64 Israeli soldiers and three civilians in Israel have died . The United States urged both sides to honor the cease-fire agreement . "  The United States has been steadfast in our insistence on an end to rocket and tunnel attacks against Israel and an end to the suffering of the people of Gaza , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . On Monday , during a short humanitarian "  pause " in the fighting called by Israel , residents in Gaza flooded the streets to pick up supplies and check on their abandoned homes . Al Saha , the largest open-air market in Gaza City , was bustling with vendors . One man hung clothes for sale from the burned-out carcass of a bus hit a few days ago by Israeli fire power . Cars jammed Gaza 's main thoroughfare , but the atmosphere appeared relaxed , and children played in the street . The Palestinian Health Ministry said at least 18 people were killed in Gaza during the cease-fire , including an 8-year-old in a strike on a house in a refugee camp in Gaza City . That strike also injured 30 people , Palestinian health officials said , and happened after Israel had started the cease-fire . Israel said that strike did not violate the cease-fire because it happened just two minutes into it and the operation had already been in progress . Hamas had not agreed to the Israeli-declared cease-fire , and at least 53 rockets were fired from Gaza into Israel on Monday , according to the IDF . Daniel Mansour , a senior Palestinian Islamic Jihad operative in charge of intelligence-gathering in northern Gaza , was targeted and killed before the cease-fire Monday , the IDF said . He had participated in directing rocket attacks toward Israel , the IDF said . Two attacks in Jerusalem Police in Jerusalem said they foiled what they described as a terror attack when they shot and killed the driver of an earthmover after it overturned a passenger bus . Police said one pedestrian was also killed and the bus driver was injured . There were no passengers on the bus at the time , police said . The driver of the earthmover was identified as 20-year-old Mohammed Jaabis , a Palestinian from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabal alMukaber . Footage broadcast by Israel 's Channel 10 showed the earthmover still moving as security forces approached . The video appeared to show shots being fired . The incident happened in the Sheikh Jarrah area of central Jerusalem , near the entrance to a Jewish orthodox neighborhood . Hamas praised the attack and said it was "  a natural reaction to the Israeli crimes against civilians " in Gaza . In another incident , a man on a motorbike opened fire at an Israeli soldier near Hebrew University , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . Rescue workers said the Israeli was severely wounded . An eyewitness on Israel Channel 10 said he heard a gunshot and saw "  a soldier holding his chest . He walked a few steps backwards and collapsed . " International condemnation of Israel and Hamas France is the latest country to condemn the Gaza operation and strikes on U.N.-run shelters in Gaza . "  How many deaths will it take to stop what has to be called the carnage in Gaza ? " French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius asked in a statement . He said while Israel has a right to total security , "  this right does not justify the killing of children and the slaughter of civilians . " He also said Hamas carries an overwhelming responsibility in this "  macabre gearing which particularly serves extremism . " On Sunday , the United States and the United Nations used the strongest language yet in condemning the strike on a U.N.-run shelter in Gaza , with Washington calling the attack "  disgraceful . " At least nine people at the school , which was being used as a shelter for about 3,000 people , were killed in the shelling . Israel said it is carefully reviewing the attack . The IDF said it targeted three Palestinian Islamic Jihad members riding a motorcycle in the vicinity of the school , but did n't say if the suspected militants were hit . CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , Tal Heinrich , Saima Mohsin and Ali Younes contributed to this story	NEW : The United States calls on both sides to honor the cease-fire agreement Cease-fire begins Tuesday at 8 a.m. local time , an Israeli spokesman says "  We will cease all our activities , " an Israeli government spokesman says The operation to destroy Hamas ' tunnels "  is winding up , " the spokesman says
Washington  CNN  Bernie Sanders is headed back to Iowa for a three-day , six-stop swing to further explore a possible presidential run . Sanders , the independent senator from Vermont who caucuses with Democrats and is actively exploring a presidential run with the party , will spend Feb. 19 , 20 and 21 in the first-in-the-nation caucus state . The senator will start his trip on Feb. 19 with a town meeting at the University of Iowa in Iowa City . The following day , on Feb. 20 , Sanders will headline a town meeting at Drake University in Des Moines and keynote a meeting of the Iowa Citizen Action Network in Johnston . On the final day of his trip , Sanders will headline a Democratic meeting in Cedar Rapids , Tipton and Ames . A Democratic operative close to Sanders confirmed the trip , which was first reported by the Des Moines Register . Sanders , who made three trips to Iowa in 2014 , including one in December , told CNN this month that he would decide on a presidential run by March . To date , however , the senator has shied away from challenging Hillary Clinton , the Democratic frontrunner for the 2016 presidential nomination .	Sanders is headed back to Iowa to further explore a 2016 presidential run He will spend three days and headline six events in the critically important presidential state As he has done in the past , Sanders will primarily speak to college students and liberal groups
CNN  -- The seersucker suit is having a moment . Recently worn by the likes of Jay Z , Kanye West , and Leonardo DiCaprio  as designed by Brooks Brothers in the movie "  The Great Gatsby "  , seersucker has jumped out of its humble beginnings and into the modern dandy 's closet . And if you think seersucker will make you look like Colonel Sanders , Trent Lott or some preppie named Biff , it 's time to think again . The hip hop world and famous athletes are leading the modern seersucker movement , said Esquire 's fashion market editor Nic Screws . Instead of wearing a frumpy seersucker suit , these men are tailoring their summer wear to show off their physique , she said . "  I think seersucker is always having a moment during the hot months , " she said . "  The reason it seems like a trend is that menswear  now  has guys upping their game . " Men have become bolder in their fashion experimentation , Screws said , and are now willing to take on a fabric that is fashionably more advanced than chino or denim . This season 's advances with seersucker include shoes , bags and belts , she said . Menswear "  is a lot more aspirational than it 's been in a long time , " she said over the phone from Esquire 's 80th anniversary October cover photo shoot . Seersucker is one of a handful of fabrics -- like denim and jersey -- that has cultivated a distinctly American identity . Even though the fabric has ancient roots in Persia and India -- its name derived from a phrase that translates as "  milk and sugar " -- it has been used to outfit men  and women  up and down the U.S. East and Gulf coasts for more than a century , according to Brooks Brothers ' in-house historian , Kelly Nickel . In America , seersucker started out as a blue-collar fabric , used by service staff and factory workers to cope with soaring temperatures in and out of pre-air conditioned buildings . But an interesting social phenomenon happened in the 1920s , thanks to the advent of the seersucker suit , as popularized by Ivy Leaguers and high society men outfitted in Haspel and Brooks Brothers . Haspel of New Orleans lays a claim to originating the seersucker suit , circa 1909 . Joseph Haspel had a business producing seersucker overalls for Louisiana factory workers at the turn of the 20th century , when he put his sewing skills into a practical and stylish suit . In a flamboyant sales pitch , Haspel wore his seersucker suit to the beach , jumped into the ocean and was dry by dinner , said his great granddaughter and current president of the company Laurie Aronson . "  We 're the originators , not the imitators , " she said . "  Haspel still does it best . " Brooks Brothers started selling seersucker suits in the 1920s , said Nickel . While the origin of the seersucker suit may lay with Haspel , Brooks Brothers is the one who popularized it , she said . Both companies ' classic takes on the seersucker suit have left an indelible impression in this country about what a seersucker suit should look like . The most iconic image of the outfit comes in the form of Gregory Peck 's turn as Atticus Finch in the 1962 film "  To Kill a Mockingbird . " While defending field hand Tom Robinson , Finch wears a three-piece seersucker suit in a hot courtroom . Aronson 's grandfather personally fitted Peck in a Haspel suit for the role . That iconic look , said Screws , is all about nipping and tucking in the right places . "  It 's about showing off your waist , having the right length , showing a little bit of sock , showing a little bit of ankle , making sure you have the right amount of cuff hanging out of your jacket , " she said . The 1980s helped develop the association of seersucker with Northeastern preppies , said Nickel . The look emphasized seersucker in a pastel rainbow of colors , even as plaid , festooned with outrageously colored socks and polo shirts . Author Tom Wolfe 's "  go to hell pants " epitomized the brazen use of seersucker in this fashion movement . When Trent Lott organized "  Seersucker Thursdays " in the Senate in 1990s , plenty of senators -- men and women -- joined in the tradition . Billy Reid , a Southern gentleman and fashion designer based in Florence , Alabama , prefers the classic approach . "  I prefer to keep it simple , " Reid said . "  Solid shirts and subtle ties , belts and shoes that compliment not scream out . The seersucker is a enough to make your statement . " "  Seersucker is not something that whispers , " Nickel said .	Frumpy , boxy seersucker is out , tailored seersucker is in . Men are boldly experimenting in fashion , using seersucker in new ways Haspel and Brooks Brothers helped popularize the cool fabric
CNN  James Rodriguez won the Puskas Award for the best goal of 2014 , but was the Colombian 's strike -- which came in front of thousands at Rio 's Maracana stadium , with millions around the world watching on TV -- really the year 's best effort ? Rodriguez was gracious enough to say that Stephanie Roche 's fabulous volley , which took second place at FIFA 's glitzy ceremony Monday , just might have trumped his goal against Uruguay at the World Cup . Fewer than 100 people were there when Roche collected the ball with her back to goal , flicked it over her head and crashed it home while playing for Peamount United against Wexford Youths in a National League game on a gray afternoon in Ireland . Nevertheless , her brilliant goal -- filmed by chance -- beat Robin van Persie 's flying header for Holland against Spain at the World Cup into third place . Victorious Real Madrid forward Rodriguez hailed Roche 's effort as "  a golazo " and told reporters : "  The pity is that only one can win . " He was n't the only one to voice such sentiments , with Italy legend Alessandro del Piero describing her as the "  moral winner . " "  She is great , " Del Piero added . "  She needs to score another one for next year . That is what I would say to her . " The award , voted for by the public , saw Roche take 33 % of the vote , with winner Rodriguez on 42 % and Van Persie some way back on 11 % . The 25-year-old Republic of Ireland international striker , currently playing for French club ASPTT Albi , said she was disappointed not to have scooped the ultimate prize . "  Being a footballer , I wanted to win , " she explained . "  When you have people telling you it 's such a great goal -- people who know a lot about football -- it gave me the hope that I could win it . "  But the achievement of getting here is fantastic , and it is something that I will remember forever . Right now it 's a little bit raw , but James is a great player and he deserves congratulations . "	Stephanie Roche takes second place in Puskas Award at FIFA Ballon d'Or ceremony Roche scored stunning goal while playing for Peamount United in Ireland Award-winner James Rodriguez says ` the pity is that only one can win ' A crowd of only 95 people witnessed the goal , which was filmed by chance
CNN  Here 's the hard reality about illegal immigration : Politicians can change policies . Judges can issue decisions . But the issue will not go away until Americans change their behavior . Trial lawyers have a favorite saying : "  When you have the facts on your side , you pound the facts into the table . When you have the law on your side , you pound the law into the table . When neither the facts nor the law are on your side , you pound the table ! " In November , when President Obama announced that he would take executive actions to re-prioritize the enforcement of immigration laws so that some illegal immigrants could obtain a three-year delay in their deportation proceedings and a temporary work permit , critics had neither the facts nor the law on their side . So they pounded the table . Republican lawmakers and conservative commentators charged that Obama was pushing an "  unlawful amnesty " that threatened the republic . Yet most of the law professors and legal experts who weighed in , even the conservatives , acknowledged that Obama was acting within the power of the presidency . Critics did n't seem to have a legal leg to stand on . That is , until this week . In Texas , a federal judge temporarily blocked Obama 's executive action and cleared the way for a lawsuit against the administration brought by that state and 25 others . U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen , a George W. Bush appointee with a history of taking conservative positions on immigration issues , bought the plaintiffs ' argument that Obama 's executive actions would unfairly result in "  direct damages " to the states . Hanen claimed that Obama 's executive action could result in "  bestowing multiple and otherwise unobtainable benefits " on those illegal immigrants who qualify for deferred action . This would include the undocumented parents of U.S.-born children . Yet , most so-called "  benefits " -- driver 's licenses , college aid , medical care -- come not from the federal government but from the states , and at their discretion . In all , Hanen 's ruling went on for 123 pages . Still , he ducked the central question : whether the President had exceeded the authority granted to the office under the Constitution . Instead , the judge ruled that the administration had not complied with the Administrative Procedure Act , which calls for a longer notification and comment period from lawmakers and the public before taking action . Imagine if there had been a comment period before acting in the war on terror . Buildings would be smoldering , and we 'd still be talking . The White House -- while saying that it would abide by the judge 's ruling -- also reiterated that the President was "  well within his legal authority " to set enforcement priorities . The Justice Department intends to appeal the decision . This case could end up before the Supreme Court , where most of the justices have smiled on expanding executive power . The coalition of states that brought the lawsuit -- which is led by Texas -- includes Alabama , Arizona , Arkansas , Florida , Georgia , Idaho , Indiana , Kansas , Louisiana , Maine , Michigan , Mississippi , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , North Carolina , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Utah , West Virginia and Wisconsin . It figures that , when there 's a mess , Texas will be in the middle of it . I lived there for five years -- about a decade ago -- while writing for the Dallas Morning News . And I smell hypocrisy . During my time in the Lone Star State , I often heard people complain about illegal immigrants . But I never heard them say a word about the employers who hire them to do jobs that Texans wo n't do such as tarring roofs in 100-degree weather or cleaning windows on skyscrapers . The folks doing the hiring are always the root of the problem , but -- in a red state like Texas -- you ca n't get Republicans to say that . It 's safer for politicians to pick on people who do n't vote than to risk antagonizing those who not only vote but also contribute money to campaigns . The states that brought this lawsuit are worried that , if Obama allows some illegal immigrants to remain in this country for three years , they 'll have to pick up the tab for providing services . Where was this concern over the many years that these states were standing on the positive side of the ledger by benefiting from illegal immigrant labor -- so much so that they turned a blind eye to the employers and businesses using it ? How did these 26 states wind up with so many illegal immigrants ? The undocumented did n't go there for the scenery . They went because someone was waiting there to offer them a job . We never talk about that , or do anything about it . And so , no matter what courts decide or politicians decree , the problem of illegal immigration will never go away . That 's the truth that needs to be pounded into the table .	Judge blocks implementation of Obama 's immigration executive actions Navarette : States that are suing to stop the changes helped create the problem
CNN  -- It 's time to get beyond the question of who 's to blame for the crisis along the U.S.-Mexico border , where tens of thousands of children -- three-fourths of them from Honduras , Guatemala , or El Salvador -- are streaming into the United States and overwhelming our border enforcement apparatus . We have to focus on workable solutions and skip half-baked ideas that make the problem worse . Unfortunately , neither President Obama nor congressional Republicans are bringing their A-game . You know who did bring theirs ? The human smuggling cartels . The White House recently acknowledged that "  criminal syndicates " planted fake media reports on foreign television networks telling desperate would-be migrants that Congress had passed an amnesty and urging people to go north immediately for their "  permisos "  permits  to live legally in the United States . Helping what is now nearly 100,000 young people cross the U.S.-Mexico border , at $ 8,000 per head , the bad guys earned about $ 800 million . It was a brilliant plan , and an evil one . How are our leaders responding ? The results are not impressive . Republicans insist that Obama is to blame for the surge because of an accommodation he offered young undocumented immigrants in 2012 . Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , is demanding that Obama end the program known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , which lets young undocumented immigrants who were brought here as children avoid deportation and apply for a work permit , and which Issa claims -- with no evidence to back it up -- is responsible for the flood of children across the border . Never mind that none of the children now crossing into the country is eligible for DACA , because anyone who enters the country after June 15 , 2007 , does not qualify for the program . Never mind that , if DACA were to blame for the influx , it would have happened two years ago . Never mind that the real reason so many of these kids have been turned over to family members in the United States while awaiting a court date is n't DACA . It 's because of a longstanding but unspoken policy by the Border Patrol to treat unaccompanied minors differently from adults -- and a 2008 law signed by President George W. Bush that prohibits Border Patrol agents from sending them back across the border . It instead requires that they be handed over to the Department of Health and Human Services until they can be placed in the custody of a relative . Meanwhile , Obama is being just as thickheaded -- and hardhearted . He will soon ask Congress to provide more than $ 2 billion in new funding to bolster enforcement on the border . By all means , because the tens of billions that we spend on securing the homeland -- including the $ 38.2 billion that Obama and Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson requested from Congress in the fiscal year 2015 budget request -- have been so effective in tightening the border . Obama also wants additional powers for the executive branch so that immigration officials can speed up the removal of young unaccompanied minors without the nuisance of having to administer due process , including access to legal counsel . And to think that Obama was once a university lecturer on constitutional law . He needs a refresher course . This is how Obama deals with what he has called a "  humanitarian crisis " ? What is humane about taking children who have already been through so much pain and suffering -- some of whom were , according to reports , sexually assaulted and threatened by street gangs in Central America -- and express shipping them back to those hellholes ? Here are five things the President should do : -- As House Speaker John Boehner suggested a few weeks ago , Obama should send in the National Guard to help the Border Patrol , which is overwhelmed , outnumbered , and occupied as a babysitter . In 2006 , Bush sent 6,000 National Guard troops to the U.S.-Mexico border , in a supporting role , to help Border Patrol agents by repairing fence line and fixing vehicles and thus allowing the agents to patrol the border . -- Obama needs to suspend the Border Patrol 's policy of allowing unaccompanied minors to stay in the United States with relatives . Young people need to be held by U.S. immigration officials until they can be brought before an immigration judge to determine if they should be deported or whether they have a legitimate claim to refugee status . Since current law says that unaccompanied minors have to be placed with relatives within 72 hours , we have to make sure that they get before a judge within that time period . It 's not ideal . But changes have to be made , since the current system has been compromised by smugglers who are using it to line their pockets . -- Children in the custody of U.S. immigration officials , some of whom are as young as 5 , must be treated compassionately . They have to be placed in decent , temperature-controlled holding rooms with sanitary conditions and adequate toilet facilities , and given sufficient food and prescribed medicine . They 're not prisoners . They 're guests of this country , until an immigration judge says otherwise . -- Asylum hearings need to be expedited for children from Central America to determine if they qualify for refugee status . Lawyers must be provided . The government can have hearings for groups of immigrants at one time , in order to speed things up . We simply can not deport any young person who faces a legitimate threat of violence back home . It could be a death sentence . -- Some of these kids are going to have to be deported back to their home countries , in the most public and conspicuous manner possible , so that other people who are thinking about coming here reconsider . The administration has been smart in placing public service announcements in foreign media , telling people they 've been lied to and that there are no "  permisos . " This is a battle of competing messages , and we have to win . This crisis was years in the making . Cleaning it up will take time and effort . What are we waiting for ? Let 's get started .	Ruben Navarrette : Blame game over immigrant kids streaming in from Central America is useless He says Issa blames Obama for influx , but he 's got it wrong ; Bush law drives policy on kids He says Obama approach cold , unconstitutional . Kids need legal help , may face peril if deported Navarrette : Here are 5 things Obama should do , starting with treating the children humanely
CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao 's career will be defined by Floyd Mayweather , even if the Filipino ca n't give boxing the fight it has long been clamoring to see . That 's the view of Sports Illustrated 's boxing correspondent , Bryan Armen Graham . He says he is optimistic that Pacquiao and Mayweather can finally reach a deal to settle who is the best pound-for-pound fighter in the sport . Pacquiao 's next fight is in May next year while Mayweather is due in court next month to answer charges of domestic violence . Should he retain his liberty , Graham thinks a showdown in December 2011 is a possibility . And according to Graham , the danger for eight-division world champion Pacquiao is that his legacy will be affected just as much by a failure to meet Mayweather in the ring than if the fight goes ahead . He told CNN : "  If Manny gets through his next fight scheduled for May 7 and if Floyd resolves his problems I think there is actually a good chance . I 'm as optimistic as I have been in long time for that fight to come off late in the year , maybe December . "  But the truth is there are a lot of theories about Floyd maybe waiting for Pacquiao to be past his prime , like Sugar Ray Leonard did with Marvin Hagler in the eighties . "  Manny Pacquiao , I think he is a once in a generation type talent . I know there are people calling him greatest of all time and you always kind of rush to judge these things when you see someone so spectacular in their prime . "  Its really unprecedented what he is doing but I think we are probably going to have to wait until all is said and done until we really make judgments on his career . "  One thing for sure though is if the Floyd Mayweather fight does n't happen he -LSB- Pacquiao -RSB- might be defined just as much for not having that fight . " Pacquiao , who is a congressman in the Philippines , is due to announce who his next opponent will be at his 32nd birthday celebrations on Friday with Shane Mosley , Juan Manuel Marquez and Andre Berto in the frame . Graham explained : "  There is Shane Mosley , the former WBA welterweight champion , Juan Manuel Marquez , the current WBO lightweight champion , and a dark horse candidate is Andre Berto , the former Olympian , who is undefeated but has not really fought anybody of note and has the lightest resume of the three . " -LSB- Mosley -RSB- is the best known but at the same time he is also coming off two really bad performances . He lost 11 of 12 rounds against Floyd Mayweather in May and he had a very , very listless controversial draw -LSB- with Sergio Mora -RSB- in September . "  He is 39-years-old and he probably does n't deserve a shot against the pound-for-pound champion , but deserves seldom has anything to do with it in boxing . " Pacquiao made history by becoming the first fighter to claim titles in eight weight divisions after his victory over Antonio Margarito secured the vacant WBC super-welterweight belt . According to reports in the Philippines , Pacquiao is currently ironing out a query over his taxes arising from fights in 2009 . He recently moved his next fight from April to May due to his political responsibilities in the country .	Floyd Mayweather will define Manny Pacquiao 's career even if fight ca n't be made , says pundit Sports Illustrated 's boxing editor Bryan Graham Armen optimistic fight will happen Pacquiao poised to announce his next opponent on Friday Mayweather due in court in January to answer domestic violence charges
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama arrived in Afghanistan on Saturday , met with American forces and , according to a U.S. official , is expected to meet Sunday with Afghan President Hamid Karzai . Sen. Barack Obama attends a meeting in Jalalabad , Afghanistan , on Saturday . The presumptive Democratic presidential nominee was visiting the Central Asian nation before he embarks on a tour of the Middle East and Europe , a trip aimed at boosting his foreign policy credentials . The trip , which comes four months ahead of the presidential election , marks Obama 's first visit to Afghanistan . The trip has been shrouded in secrecy for security reasons , a standard precaution for most U.S. officials in conflict zones . On Saturday , the senator from Illinois traveled to eastern Afghanistan to visit Americans forces under NATO 's Regional Command East . Obama is accompanied by Sen. Charles Hagel , R-Nebraska , and Sen. Jack Reed , D-Rhode Island . The senators met service members at Jalalabad airfield in Nangarhar province . The governor of Nangarhar province , Gul Agha Shirzai -- formerly the governor of Kandahar province -- also met the senators at the air base . Shirzai and Obama embraced briefly at the end of the meeting . Watch Obama 's visit to Jalalabad " Upon arrival at Bagram Air Base , the senators were briefed by Maj. Gen. Jeffrey J. Schloesser , commanding general of the Regional Command East . Ahead of the trip to Afghanistan , the senators stopped in Kuwait to visit U.S. troops , Obama campaign spokesman Robert Gibbs said . They left Washington on Thursday . In Kuwait , the senators visited Camp Arifjan for about two hours to meet with U.S. Army Central leadership , take a brief tour of the base and talk with soldiers , U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Bill Nutter said . They met in a gymnasium with about 1,000 military members , who cheered jubliantly at their arrival . "  America is unified in being so proud of the extraordinary , brilliant , dedicated professional service that is provided by all members of our armed services , " he told the military personnel there . Later , Obama shot baskets with some soldiers , drawing cheers with each basket he made . Watch Obama meet troops and play some hoops " Soldiers were able to meet the senator on the basketball court later . After , Obama said , "  I am just very proud of the extraordinary work that the troops are doing here in Kuwait ; you 're providing all the logistical support that 's needed for folks in the battlefield and without you this effort would not be successful . " Hagel agreed , saying , "  We 're here first to thank the troops . " After the events at the the gymnasium , they met with Lt. Gen. Jim Lovelace , the U.S. Army Central Commander , and senior leadership who gave them an overview of the command , Nutter said . Obama spoke briefly to a pool reporter about his trip just before leaving Washington . "  I 'm looking forward to seeing what the situation on the ground is , " Obama said . "  I want to , obviously , talk to the commanders and get a sense , both in Afghanistan and in Baghdad of , you know , what the most , their biggest concerns are . And I want to thank our troops for the heroic work that they 've been doing . " Asked whether he would have tough talk for the leaders of Afghanistan and Iraq , Obama said he was "  more interested in listening than doing a lot of talking . " "  I think it is very important to recognize that I 'm going over there as a U.S. senator . We have one president at a time , so it 's the president 's job to deliver those messages , " Obama said . Watch Obama 's foreign policy adviser discuss overseas trip " The fight in Afghanistan has become a more pressing issue on the political radar . Three times as many coalition soldiers and other military personnel have died this month in Afghanistan , compared with Iraq . July 's death toll for coalition troops in Afghanistan reached 22 Saturday , after the Friday death of a Canadian soldier was announced . The fight in Afghanistan has become a more pressing issue on the political radar . Three times as many coalition soldiers and other military personnel have died in July in Afghanistan than in Iraq . On Sunday , nine U.S. soldiers were killed in a fight with about 200 Taliban militants in eastern Afghanistan . It was the deadliest attack on U.S. troops in Afghanistan in three years . Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Wednesday that U.S. officials are looking for ways to send more troops to Afghanistan , amid the resurgence of violence nearly seven years after the ousting of the Taliban government . Gates said the hope is to send additional forces "  sooner rather than later . " He said the Pentagon is "  working very hard to see if there are opportunities to send additional forces sooner rather than later . " That probably means further reductions in troop levels in Iraq this year to free up forces for Afghanistan . Watch officials discuss need for more troops in Afghanistan " Obama is to travel to Jordan on Tuesday and then visit Israel , Germany , France and England . CNN 's Reza Sayah in Kabul and Barbara Starr in Washington contributed to this report .	Sen. Barack Obama arrives in Afghanistan for first stop of global tour Obama 's visit comes as U.S. officials want to send more troops to region Obama also expected to visit several countries in Middle East , Europe
CNN  -- A single lethal injection was supposed to speedily end Joseph Wood 's life last week . When it did n't , Arizona executioners gave him a total of 15 doses of a novel drug cocktail , according to prison documents released Friday . It took nearly two hours for Wood to die , as he gulped and snarled for air , journalists attending the execution said . Arizona 's attorney general has temporarily halted executions after the convicted murderer 's prolonged death . Republican Sen. John McCain has called it tantamount to torture . Gov. Jan Brewer called for an internal investigation by the corrections department . But on Friday , Democratic state Sen. Ed Ableser added his voice to those of critics calling the execution "  botched " and saying that it is not enough for the corrections department , which carried it out , to investigate itself . He repeated the call for an independent investigation . Experts : Protocol not followed Two lawyers not connected to the case and who looked at the execution protocol late Friday agreed . Richard Dieter heads the Death Penalty Information Center . It looks into legal snares and discrimination surrounding the application of the death penalty but neither supports nor opposes it per se , Dieter said . "  An execution itself should be humane and constitutional , " he said . This execution went wrong . It did not follow protocol , in his opinion . "  Instead of applying that  single injection  and saying it did n't work , they kept applying doses . " The state used midazolam , an anesthetic , and hydromorphone , a narcotic painkiller which , with an overdose , halts breathing and stops the heart from beating . It 's one of the new combinations that states have tried -- with some controversial results -- after manufacturers based or operating in Europe prevented U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions . Instead of conceding failure with the relatively new drug mixture , they kept trying to kill Wood with repeated doses , Dieter said . Megan McCraken , a legal analyst from the University of California , Berkeley , helps defense attorneys fight lethal injection verdicts . "  The bungled execution of Joseph Wood is unprecedented and without compare , " she said . Wood was supposed to receive one dose only . "  The department violated its protocol , " she said after reviewing the corrections document . Opinion : 5 ways to improve the U.S. death penalty Eric Holder reviewing execution methods Both lawyers said that the state should have made the protocol and drugs used public before the execution and given experts a chance to weigh in on their effectiveness . Death penalty proponents have argued that doing so allows death penalty opponents to pick execution methods apart , possibly preventing them . "  I 'm greatly troubled , " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder told PBS Newshour on Thursday . He has been tasked with a national review of the death penalty methods after botched executions involving midazolam . Making the injection protocol public ahead of time is not legally required , he said . But his moral convictions were in line with the critics ' . "  It seems to me , just on a personal level , that transparency would be a good thing , " he said . Arizona execution raises questions over novel lethal injections Sen. McCain has told Politico that he supports the death penalty in some cases , but he said Wood 's execution was carried out in a "  terrible " way . "  The lethal injection needs to be an indeed lethal injection and not the bollocks-upped situation that just prevailed . That 's torture , " he said . Corrections department defends actions In the immediate wake of the execution , the corrections department issued a statement saying that it had gone according to procedure . Wood was deeply sedated the entire time , it said . State officials and relatives of the convicted killer 's two victims disagreed that he had been gasping for air , saying Wood snored and did n't appear to be in agony . Reports that the execution was botched are "  erroneous , " Corrections Director Charles Ryan said . Jeanne Brown , a close relative of Wood 's victims , said he got what he deserved . Wood was convicted of murder and assault in the 1989 deaths of his estranged girlfriend and her father . Death penalty facts that may surprise you Mississippi mother swaps death row for jail cell to await trial California 's death penalty ruled unconstitutional CNN 's Mayra Cuevas and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Death penalty analysts say Arizona did not follow protocol They say the execution should have been halted as failed Instead , state corrections documents show the injections were repeated 14 times Attorney General Eric Holder is investigating execution procedures
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Oscar-winning actor Javier Bardem calls Israel 's treatment of Palestinians "  genocide , " while "  Wonder Woman " actress Gal Gadot sends her "  love and prayers " to Israeli soldiers in Gaza . One Direction singer Zayn Malik , a Muslim born in England , received online death threats for tweeting #FreePalestine , a hashtag that Barbados-born singer Rihanna also tweeted but quickly deleted . Celebs are using social media accounts , which are essential for building their show business brands , as political platforms that can cause a negative buzz . Veteran Hollywood publicist Michael Levine cautions clients to be careful about stepping into the public relations controversies that surround any comment on the Israel-Gaza crisis . "  Twitter has proven to be a minefield for celebrities , " Levine said Tuesday . "  It provides celebrities with an opportunity to make any number of careless mistakes that can come back to haunt them . But in a war environment , where emotions are so high and people are seeing pictures on CNN of babies dying and crying , it 's particularly incendiary . " The 140 characters in a Twitter posting are "  like you 're burping out thoughts , " Levine said . For Malik , it was a hashtag -- #FreePalestine -- the caused an uproar on Sunday . Only 14 characters , it delivered a message of sympathy for residents of Gaza to his 13 million followers that was retweeted more than 200,000 times over the next 24 hours . The responses ranged from followers saying they were "  proud of Zayn " to tweets calling on the singer to "  kill himself . " Some Israeli fans declared disappointment in the music idol . Malik has n't tweeted since , and his publicist declined to comment . The Twitterverse controversy Rihanna stirred up this summer with messages of support for opponents of the U.S. World Cup team is nothing compared with the reaction to her #FreePalestine tweet on July 15 . She deleted it just eight minutes later , but some of her 36 million followers grabbed it first . A source close to the singer explained that it was not an intentional tweet . It was soon replaced by this less divisive message : "  Let 's pray for peace and a swift end to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict ! Is there any hope ? ... " The fast deletion was followed by controversy and debate . One fan tweeted , "  What 's the point in being rich & famous if you ca n't publicly stand up for what 's right ? " Bardem 's condemnation of Israel was not a spontaneous or accidental message . The actor sent a 400-word letter to Spanish newspapers last week entitled "  Genocide . " "  In the horror that is happening in Gaza , there is no room for distance or neutrality , " Bardem wrote . "  It is an occupational war and an extermination one against a town with no means , confined to minimum territory , without water and where hospitals , ambulances and children are targets and alleged terrorists . It is difficult to understand and impossible to justify . And it is embarrassing that the position of the Western international community is allowing such genocide . " Bardem followed it with a similar "  open letter " also signed by others , including his wife , Oscar-winning actress Penelope Cruz , and Oscar-winning director Pedro Almodovar . Cruz sent a statement to CNN on Wednesday defending her participation in the letter : "  I do n't want to be misunderstood on this important subject.  I 'm not an expert on the situation and I 'm aware of the complexity of it . My only wish and intention in signing that group letter is the hope that there will be peace in both Israel and Gaza . I am hopeful all parties can agree to a cease fire and there are no more innocent victims on either side of the border . I wish for unity , and peace ... I believe in a civilization that can be capable of bringing the courage to have a world where humans can live side by side . "  Gal Gadot , the actress cast as the new incarnation of Wonder Woman , used her Facebook page to show support for Israel . Her posting is not a surprise , considering she served in the Israeli army and represented her country as Miss Israel . "  I am sending my love and prayers to my fellow Israeli citizens , " Gadot wrote . "  Especially to all the boys and girls who are risking their lives protecting my country against the horrific acts conducted by Hamas , who are hiding like cowards behind women and children ... We shall overcome !!! Shabbat Shalom ! #weareright #freegazafromhamas #stopterror #coexistance #loveidf " Israeli model Bar Refaeli quoted Abraham Lincoln in an Instagram post with the hashtag #stopterror : "  There is no honorable way to kill , no gentle way to destroy . there is nothing good in war , except its ending " Comedian Bill Maher , whose career is built on controversial commentary , used humor to defend Israel in a tweet : "  Dealing w / Hamas is like dealing w / a crazy woman who 's trying to kill u - u can only hold her wrists so long before you have to slap her " Sometimes it is silence that speaks . Levine said that some of Hollywood 's most prominent Jews , who are "  very politically active for liberal causes , " have "  not said a word of support of Israel " concerning the crisis . For some Americans , Gaza conflict strikes close to home Opinion : Five lessons of the Gaza war How long will it last ? Gaza conflict by the numbers CNN 's Carolyn Sung and Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Celebs are weighing in on the conflict via social media and publications Javier Bardem 's letter titled "  Genocide " is published in Spanish newspapers "  Wonder Woman " actress : Hamas hides "  like cowards behind women and children " Twitter is "  like you 're burping out thoughts , " Hollywood publicist Michael Levine says
New York  CNN  -- The unemployed apparel designer who killed a former coworker near the Empire State Building on Friday morning left his Manhattan apartment intending never to return , according to a police source with knowledge of the investigation . The police source told CNN that when Jeffrey Johnson closed his door , he left the keys behind for the landlord before heading off to shoot Steven Ercolino . The landlord was surprised , the source said , because Johnson was scheduled to move out a week later on August 31 in anticipation of apartment renovations . Johnson apparently told the superintendent earlier in the week he had found a new place to live , had placed his cats with friends and that , "  Things would be resolved by Friday . " Empire State shooting victim hit 5 times in head On that day , Johnson , 58 , returned to Hazan Import Corp. , the company where he 'd been laid off about a year earlier due to downsizing . Police say he waited outside for Ercolino , a 41-year-old sales executive whom he blamed for losing his job . He shot Ercolino five times in the head , according to the New York City medical examiner . Police are searching through files on Johnson 's computer found in his apartment , along with several books on shooting such as "  Sniper : The Techniques and Equipment of the Deadly Marksman , " according to the police source . After the shooting , Johnson quickly walked to Fifth Avenue , trying to hide among large planters . A construction worker was among those who dashed after the gunman after the initial gunshots . He alerted counter-terrorism officers assigned to the Empire State Building . They responded and ordered Johnson to freeze . Instead , he reached into his bag and pulled out his handgun . The police source said , "  Was he trying to escape the police by shooting his way out ? Or disregarding his orders ? You ca n't get into his mind . " Two officers fired 16 rounds , hitting Johnson at least seven times . Nine other people were injured -- two after being shot by police , seven from bullets that fragmented . The NYPD uses hollow-point bullets that prevent collateral damage by mushrooming once inside the body . However , a number of the bullets struck the large planters and fragmented -- causing seven of the nine bystander injuries . Two of the wounded remain hospitalized -- a woman reported to be in good condition and a male in fair condition -- according to Evelyn Hernandez , director of media relations at NYC Health and Hospitals Corporation . The two officers were praised by city officials for their quick response and their accuracy in taking down the gunman . As per NYPD procedure , they are on administrative duty -- with guns and badges -- pending the outcome of the investigation by police and the district attorney . Johnson 's elderly parents and a sister in Gainesville , Georgia , have not yet claimed his body . Police : All Empire State shooting victims were wounded by officers	Police source says Jeffrey Johnson never intended to return home Johnson told superintendent earlier in the week things would be resolved by Friday Police searching Johnson 's computer and books found in apartment Officers remain on administrative duty , pending outcome of investigation
CNN  -- Iceland is losing its only three McDonald 's restaurants as a result of the poor economic situation in the country . Businessman Magnus Ogmundsson , who owns the only McDonald 's franchise in Iceland , said it had become too expensive to operate the restaurants after Iceland 's currency , the krona , plunged in value . "  The krona is quite weak and we are buying everything in euros , and we have very high tariffs on imported agricultural products , " he told CNN on Tuesday . In January 2008 , it cost more than 95 Icelandic krona to buy one euro , according to the Central Bank of Iceland . Tuesday , that price had shot up to more than 186 krona . That means the currency is worth half as much today as it was in January 2008 -- and things priced in euros now cost twice as much to buy . Ogmundsson said the McDonald 's Corporation worked with him to find a solution , but in the end he had no choice but to close . There was "  good cooperation " with McDonald 's , Ogmundsson told CNN . "  No hard feelings . " McDonald 's said it had become financially prohibitive to continue operating in Iceland because of "  the unique operational complexity of doing business in Iceland combined with the very challenging economic climate in the country . " It said there are no plans to seek a new franchise partner in that country . The three stores will close at midnight Saturday , but they will reopen as an independent chain called Metro , with more domestic ingredients and fewer imported products . "  We believe we can be more successful with our own brand , " Ogmundsson said . A McDonald 's Big Mac hamburger currently sells for the equivalent of $ 5.29 , making Iceland one of the most expensive places in the world to buy the sandwich . Only Norway and Switzerland charge more , according to the countries listed on the Economist magazine 's Big Mac Index , published in February . A Big Mac costs about $ 3.54 in the United States , $ 2.19 in Australia , $ 5.07 in Denmark , $ 1.66 in South Africa , and $ 1.52 in Malaysia .	Iceland is losing its only three McDonald 's restaurants after economic collapse Franchise owner said restaurants now too expensive to run after Iceland 's currency plunged in value Krona worth half as much now as it was in January 2008 -- and imports are priced in euros
CNN  -- The interesting news in the latest CNN/ORC International poll that Bill Clinton is pulling a 66 % favorable rating among Americans suggests the 42nd president has the power to help or hurt Barack Obama as the 2012 campaign enters its final five months . The question is : Which has he been doing more of lately ? The poll was a reminder that Americans tend to be more forgiving of their presidents over time , no matter how long they served , which party they hailed from or how voters may have felt about a commander in chief at the moment he stepped down . Jimmy Carter  54 %  , George Herbert Walker Bush  59 %  and Clinton , who have been out of office between 31 and 11 years , all earned personal approval ratings north of 50 % ; only George W. Bush , who stepped down three years ago , is below 50 % . But even his rating has improved since he returned to private life . Being an ex-president is almost always good for your approval rating . Photos : Secrets of the Presidents Club , from Truman to Obama The CNN poll appears at the moment when Clinton has once again been playing an outsize role on the public stage , and many have suggested all sorts of theories and reasons for maneuvering . Some have read in his comments about Mitt Romney  he called his business record "  sterling "  a desire to undercut Obama or set the table for a run by his wife , Hillary , in 2016 . This analysis gained momentum when Clinton told CNBC that economics demanded that the Bush tax cuts should be extended temporarily . That comment led Clinton to apologize . But the evidence does n't really support a campaign of sabotage . A simpler explanation for Clinton 's capering -- and one that better fits Clinton 's record -- is that he is a permanent political consultant . And his "  candidate " is n't paying close attention to his advice . Clinton is trying to change the debate in the presidential campaign from one about the past to one about the future . Fighting about who did what in the 1980s , Clinton thinks , is a sure loser . Better to focus on who has the better plan going forward .  Remember the chorus of his campaign song ? "  Do n't stop thinking about tomorrow . "  So he has taken his approach to the airwaves . It is easy to forget that Clinton has differed with the White House in the past about how to frame a political race . In 2010 , working through Vice President Joe Biden , he urged Obama to make the case that the president had done a number of things to improve the lives of Americans in his first two years and suggested the president campaign on his record . But the White House resisted this approach , fearing the stimulus and health care reform were not popular enough to brag about and instead tried to make the Republican agenda the issue . Clinton disagreed but  mostly  kept his mouth shut about it . He does n't seem willing to bite his tongue now . Photos : Clinton 's last days in office Clinton is n't the first president to meddle in presidential politics after his own presidency ended . So great was his dislike of Dwight Eisenhower that Harry Truman could n't stay out of the 1952 race and even campaigned against Ike that fall . Richard Nixon made life unpleasant for Gerald Ford in the 1976 Republican primary  and seemed determined to undercut George Bush in 1992 , to Clinton 's benefit  . But Clinton 's grudge is n't personal ; it 's about how best to mount and run a campaign . How much of his personal popularity Clinton will spend to win this argument is unclear , but nearing age 66 , as the new poll shows , the former president has time to earn it back .	Bill Clinton is riding high in the opinion polls , with a 66 % favorability rating Michael Duffy says it 's a sign that former presidents ' popularity increases after White House He says some have suggested Clinton 's comments have been an effort to undermine Obama Duffy : Clinton is more likely acting as a campaign consultant , urging point of view on Obama
Google Reader , one of the best-known feeds through which users can pull together their favorite Web content in one place , will be shutting down , the company announced . In an age of Facebook posts and retweets , Google Senior Vice President Urs Holzle said in a post on the official Google blog that Reader was losing popularity . "  While the product has a loyal following , over the years usage has declined , " Holzle wrote . Reader will be shut down on July 1 . Users wanting to port their content to another RSS  rich site summary  feed can use Google Takeout to move it over the next four months . The move is part of a massive "  spring cleaning " that Google began in 2011 and which has nuked about 70 of its wide array of products . The point is focus in a time when mobile technology is dramatically and quickly changing the computing world , said Holzle . "  It 's been a long time since we have had this rate of change -- it probably has n't happened since the birth of personal computing 40 years ago , " he wrote . "  To make the most of these opportunities , we need to focus -- otherwise we spread ourselves too thin and lack impact . Among the 40 shutdowns announced Wednesday also were the Google Voice app for BlackBerry , the desktop version of photo app Snapseed , Google Cloud Connect and Google Building Maker , which lets users create models of buildings on Google Earth and Google Maps . Released in 2005 , Google Reader was begun four years earlier as a project called JavaCollect by independent software engineer Chris Wetherell . After joining Google , he worked with a team to perfect and enhance it . "  We know Reader has a devoted following who will be very sad to see it go , " said software engineer Alan Green on the Google Reader blog . "  We 're sad too . " Reader , and RSS feeds in general , remain popular with active , Web-savvy users who rely upon them to pull together the best of the Internet in one easy-to-read stream . But they never caught on among more casual users content to visit their favorite sites or rely on friends on social media to share interesting posts . The feeds are also difficult to make money from , and Google never tried to place ads on Reader or charge for its use . Indeed . Within hours of the announcement , several online petitions to save the service had gotten thousands of signatures . On petition site Change.org , more than 46,000 people had signed the petition "  Google : Keep Google Reader Running . " "  Our confidence in Google 's other products -- Gmail , YouTube , and yes , even Plus -- requires that we trust you in respecting how and why we use your other products , " wrote Dan Lewis , of New York City , who created the petition . "  This is n't just about our data in Reader . This is about us using your product because we love it , because it makes our lives better , and because we trust you not to nuke it . " There are several alternatives for Reader users , some of which have sprung up recently . Feedly and Pulse offer Web-based RSS feeds that also have mobile apps for Apple 's iOS and Android . Zite  which is owned by CNN  lets users create a feed based on their interests then refine the feed by voting content up or down . It uses Google Reader info to help select content . Rival Flipboard allows users to directly import their Google Reader content , a point they expressly made in a post Thursday .	Google announces plans to shut down Google Reader Company says service , created in 2005 , has been losing users Tens of thousands have signed petitions asking Google to keep Reader
New York  CNN  -- In the cutthroat world of elite New York City private schools , the college admission process can bring out the worst in people . One senior student at a prestigious private school is learning that the hard way , after someone sent a malicious letter to colleges , apparently with the intention of sabotaging that student 's prospects for admission , according to school officials of Horace Mann School in Manhattan . The student named in the destructive letter was made aware of the incident , and officials at Horace Mann have been working with the student 's family to investigate the nasty note , according to a letter addressed to senior students and parents that was obtained by CNN on Tuesday . Horace Mann officials are not releasing the name of the student in the letter . "  I 've been in contact with deans of admission at several of the colleges in an effort to minimize the damage , " Canh Oxelson , director of college counseling at Horace Mann , said in the letter . Students panic over online college application glitches Oxelson was alerted to the sabotaging letter by admissions offices of numerous colleges that had received it , according to a school official . It is unclear exactly what was written in the letter in question . "  The claims made in the letter are absolutely false and while we do n't know who wrote and sent the letter , an investigation is ongoing , " Oxelson said . "  I have never witnessed anything so disrespectful , " said Oxelson . "  For a student to have worked so hard for so many years , only to have those efforts jeopardized by an act of sabotage , is absolutely unconscionable . " Oxelson said one of the inquiries that college admissions officials had for him was whether or not the letter 's author would also be applying to colleges that received the letter -- which brings into question whether the saboteur is a fellow student . "  There are positive and negative stereotypes out there about the HM community , " Oxelson said . "  While we do n't have control over everything that is said about us , we do have some ability to shape those opinions among those trying to get to know us . " Horace Mann School is no stranger to controversy following a child sexual abuse scandal in 2012 . Founded in 1887 , it is known as a highly selective independent college preparatory school in New York City . 4 more accused of taking college admission exams for students 7 arrested in alleged SAT cheating scam in New York	School says someone sent a malicious letter about a student to college admissions offices Horace Mann School says it 's investigating the letter College admissions offices informed the school about the letter School is not revealing details of the letter or naming the student targeted
LONDON , England  CNN  -- English football clubs have always attracted wealthy owners . Traditionally , club chairmen were bluff local businessmen with a few spare millions in the bank , perhaps looking to put something back into their local community , somewhere to schmooze clients and colleagues , and seduced by the idea of being a player -- albeit at boardroom level -- in a sport that is an obsession for millions . Long-suffering City fans overnight saw their club transformed into one of the world 's wealthiest . But this week 's purchase of Manchester City by an Abu Dhabi-based consortium from the controversial former Thai prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra provided further proof that the English Premier League has become an altogether different ball game , attracting an altogether different caliber of super-rich investor . For decades City have lived in the shadows of local rivals Manchester United . While United are one of the world 's most famous clubs and current champions of England and Europe , it is now more than 40 years since the last of City 's two league titles . City followers have long sought solace in the hackneyed idea that all United supporters are glory hunters while they represent the true spirit of long suffering , gray-skied Mancunian fandom . Yet now City supporters find themselves following a club capable overnight of breaking the British transfer record in an audacious $ 58 million swoop for the highly-rated Brazilian Robinho , formerly of Real Madrid , and with aspirations of both out-spending and out-playing their red-shirted rivals . "  We are going to be the biggest club in the world , bigger than both Real Madrid and Manchester United , " multi-billionaire property tycoon Sulaiman al-Fahim , the public face of the Abu Dhabi United Group for Development and Investment which has taken over City , declared in an interview Monday with Arabian Business magazine . "  This is like all their Christmases come at once , " World Soccer magazine 's Kier Radnedge told CNN . "  Manchester City have been a great soap opera over the years ; lots of hope , lots of dreams and really very little to celebrate and cheer along the way . All of a sudden , out of the blue , it seems as if they really can compete with Manchester United and that is really all their fans have ever wanted to do . " Watch why the sky is now the limit for the Blues " Middle Eastern football expert James Montague , author of "  When Friday Comes : Football in the War Zone , " sees the Abu Dhabi 's group 's purchase of Manchester City as an attempt to steal a march on rival emirate Dubai , which has itself been linked with a move for City 's Premier League rivals Liverpool . "  There is an almost messianic love of Premiership football in the Middle East , especially in the Gulf countries , " Montague told CNN.com . "  But this move is n't about profit , or business acumen . This is about prestige . For the Abu Dhabi group , which is basically a consortium of the emirate 's royal family , this is more about putting their flag in the sand and putting Abu Dhabi -- and the United Arab Emirates -- on the map . " In recent seasons English football has become a billionaire 's playground with foreign owners drawn to the game by the global success , international exposure and financial strength of the Premier League . Accountants Deloitte estimate that the combined revenue of the Premier League 's 20 clubs for the 2007-08 season from television rights , gate receipts and global marketing will reach # 1.9 billion  $ 3.4 billion  . The financial landscape of English football was transformed in 2003 when Russian oil tycoon Roman Abramovich bought west London club Chelsea and bankrolled them to back-to-back Premier League titles under the leadership of Jose Mourinho . Since then other clubs have followed foreign money in an effort to compete . Manchester United are now controlled by the family of U.S. sports magnate Malcolm Glazer while Liverpool are co-owned by American pair George Gillett and Tom Hicks . Elsewhere in the Premier League , Aston Villa , Portsmouth , Fulham and West Ham all have foreign owners while the trend has also spread to lower league clubs . Last year London side Queen 's Park Rangers were bought by Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone , Renault F1 team chief Flavio Briatore and steel tycoon Lakshmi Mittal . But not all supporters have welcomed the transformation of clubs rooted in local communities into multinational businesses . A core of Manchester United fans have bitterly opposed the Glazers ' involvement at Old Trafford , going as far as forming a breakaway club called FC United of Manchester . At Liverpool meanwhile , where relations between Gillett and Hicks have soured amid continuing rumors that the club will be sold to a Dubai investment group , supporters have launched a campaign -- ShareLiverpoolFC -- to buy the club themselves , attracting interest from thousands of fans . "  Clubs like Liverpool -- and there are many others -- feel like family to those who love and support them , " Rogan Taylor , a lifelong Liverpool fan and founder of the Football Supporters ' Association , wrote in the Sunday Telegraph newspaper . "  The biggest may have international brands , which accounts for their attraction to multinational investors ; but at heart the brand is their fans and the history of their club . It can never really belong to anyone else . " Yet many fans appear happy enough to see foreign investment coming into their clubs if it means better players , better football and success on the field . At City that is likely to mean "  fireworks " when the transfer window reopens in January , according to Montague . "  Abu Dhabi is so awash with cash , they have difficulty spending it all , " he said . "  They will turn the transfer market on its head . They 've already smashed the British transfer record with Robinho and have targeted the six biggest players in the world with a transfer kitty of $ 400 million . "	Abu Dhabi investment group agree takeover deal for Manchester City Club immediately breaks British transfer record to sign Brazilian Robinho English Premier League has become a playground for billionair foreign owners New owners say they plan to turn City into the world 's biggest club
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- "  So when I was driving down this hilly , windy road in Malibu , I really went to a dark place and thought , ` You know , I could turn right -LSB- over the side of the canyon -RSB- and no one would know . It would look like an accident , ' " remembers Jim Moret , the chief correspondent for "  Inside Edition " and a former CNN anchor . "  My wife would get $ 3 million of insurance . It would solve all of our problems . Of course the big problem would n't be solved because I would be dead . " Ironically , after 2 1/2 years without a full-time job , the veteran newsman had finally found work with "  Inside Edition , " but an upside-down mortgage and a mountain of debt fueled by subprime loans had brought him to a financial meltdown . It had him literally staring into the abyss of suicide . "  Whether your home is worth $ 150,000 or $ 5 million , " he writes , "  the real prospect of losing everything you have worked your entire life to achieve is devastating and utterly demoralizing . " Like George Bailey in the movie "  It 's a Wonderful Life , " it had occurred to him that financially , he was worth more dead than alive . But when he thought about his family , he pulled back from the precipice and got to thinking , "  What if I had one day left , how would I view life ? What 's important ? What would I value ? How do I look at friendship and love and gratitude and laughter and music and forgiveness and adventure ? And none of those things had anything to do with money . Money was the root of my desperation . " Moret did n't seek professional help . Writing was his therapy , he says , so with his wife 's encouragement , he wrote about the experience and the life-changing insights it gave him . But as he got further into it , it dawned on him : "  Wow . I just might have a book here . " The final result is "  The Last Day of My Life , " which Moret calls an "  inspirational memoir . " "  In the 20 or so chapters , if you can find one or two or three that you can relate to , then I feel wonderful , because the idea is that you can see yourself through my story . I 'm telling you what my choices were and what I choose to feel is important and then I ask you a question at the end of many chapters . Who would you apologize to if this were your last day ? Who would you forgive ? Those two things there are really powerful and heavy statements and questions and it 's difficult to forgive somebody who 's wronged you . " Moret deals with the issue of forgiveness in the chapter on his troubled relationship with his biological father , "  Gidget " star James Darren , who legally renounced his parental rights when Moret was 13 . Moret writes candidly about the feelings of abandonment it caused and his quest to forgive his dad . "  If you 're not completely honest in a book like this , then the book is devalued considerably . It 's worthless . I 've put everything out there . " Moret says he and his family are still hanging on and have n't lost their home yet , but moving "  is not as big a deal to me anymore . " "  If you look at every day as if it 's your last , and treat every day as if it 's your last , you can kind of reset your clock every day . ` I 've got 24 hours left , how do I proceed ? What do I approach first ? ' And what 's good about that mindset is the little things do n't bother you as much . There 's certain things we just ca n't control . You 're not going to read this book and go , ` everything will be great . ' This is not ` The Secret . ' " "  The Secret " is a self-help book that talks about using positive visualization to attract the things in life you want . " ` The Secret ' really focused on material things , " Moret said . "  My book really focuses on the nonmaterial things , the things you 're ultimately remembered for and that you want to be remembered for , and that make every day really meaningful . " How would Moret like to be remembered ? "  As a good dad , husband , son , brother and friend . Maybe as a decent musician , too . I hope I am regarded as someone who touched a few lives in my time here . What more could I ask for ? "	Newsman Jim Moret got hit hard and depressed by the recession After pondering suicide , he wrote about why he chose to stay alive Says he learned to "  treat every day as if it 's your last " "  I hope I am regarded as someone who touched a few lives in my time here "
Fargo , North Dakota  CNN  -- Officials in North Dakota and Minnesota are catching their breath Monday , if only briefly , after the Red River crested over the weekend . Despite the river peaking at 36.99 feet -- 19 feet above flood level -- Sunday morning , the region will have to contend with high water for a while . "  It 'll be about a week , so we 're just going to continue to monitor things and kind of wait as that water very , very slowly goes down , " said Robyn Litke , spokeswoman for Fargo , North Dakota . "  We are just continuing to maintain our dikes and just continuing the dike patrols . It is expected that we will stay well above major the major flood stage of 30 feet for about the next week or maybe a little bit longer . " Overall , the situation in Fargo looked good , Mayor Dennis Walaker said Sunday . "  We 're standing tall , " Walaker said . "  We have to stand tall for a few more days . " Are you there ? Share your photos , videos and stories Craig Fugate , director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency , was expected to tour Fargo on Monday to survey the area 's response to the high waters . When the river recedes to 30 feet , Fargo can begin removing dikes , a city official said . The waters were expected to begin their retreat late Sunday at a rate two to three times slower than it rose . The Red River flooding began last week when warmer weather and rain melted snow south of Fargo and its sister city of Moorhead , Minnesota , causing the river to swell . Upstream , snow and ice have yet to melt , pushing water back toward the two cities . Last year , the Red River crested at nearly 41 feet -- a record and about 4 feet higher than this year 's level . Water surrounded some homes near the river in Fargo , where 700,000 sandbags guarded the city from creeping waters . At least 10 people have been rescued from floodwaters in the area since Friday , according to the U.S. Coast Guard . Moorhead also was on alert , and the city was advising residents to monitor sandbag dikes . Between Moorhead and Fargo , more than 1 million sandbags were stacked to defend against the river 's rise . Between Saturday night and Sunday morning , teams in Cass County , North Dakota -- which includes Fargo -- rushed to three locations to reinforce sandbag dikes , said Capt. Grant Larson of the North Dakota Air National Guard . He said that 1,000 sandbags were stacked around a home threatened by flooding Sunday morning . "  This house would have been lost , " Larson added . In the southern Plains , authorities said they linked four deaths to an early spring snowstorm that blanketed the region . Stacy Moore , 26 , died Saturday when her car veered off a slush-covered road in Unionville , Missouri , said Michael Weiseman , radio operator for the Missouri Highway Patrol . Moore was ejected when her vehicle flipped , Weiseman said Sunday . Weather-related vehicle crashes killed one in Kansas and two in Oklahoma , authorities said . Oklahoma police investigated 244 crashes , one that resulted in the death of a 7-year-old in Logan County on Saturday , the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management reported . On Sunday , a 77-year-old woman was killed when her car struck a tree after she lost control on an icy road , the department said . Parts of Arkansas and Oklahoma received at least 1 foot of snow . CNN Radio 's Shelby Erdman and CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Justin Lear , Dina Majoli , Khadijah Rentas and Reynolds Wolf contributed to this report .	Red River peaks at 19 feet above flood level over weekend FEMA chief Craig Fugate will tour Fargo , North Dakota , to see area 's response to flooding City expected to stay above major flood level for at least week , spokeswoman says Sister city Moorhead , Minnesota , also on high alert for flooding
London  CNN  -- It 's Sunday morning and I 'm standing in front of a newsagent 's shop , waiting for the stranger who lives above it to let me into his home . I 'm one of thousands taking advantage of Open House London 's all-access invitation to tour London 's most prolific and innovative buildings , including private residences the public would never have access to otherwise , from the Prime Minister 's historical abode to the recently renovated townhouse I 've come to see . Since its inception in 1992 , the concept has spread to 24 cities -- including New York , Tel Aviv and Buenos Aires -- but the London event , which takes place over one weekend each September , remains the largest , with 800 properties participating this year . Though Open House 's mission is to foster an appreciation for architecture and urban design , those opening their doors to the public also provides an opportunity for the city 's designers and homeowners to show off their work . How the other half lives There 's a queue outside of painter Isabelle Ducimetire 's modernist home in wealthy Hampstead village  a short walk from the home of Ern Goldfinger , the father of modernist architecture in Britain  when I arrive . The grey , angular house , designed by the award-winning Guard Tillman Pollock Architects , is the only one on its block of simple brown Victorians participating in Open House this year . "  I think it 's a tribute to architecture , " she says of her home , which was shortlisted for a Royal Institute of British Architects award in 2012 . "  I believe that my house is interesting , and obviously many people do . " Inside is like an industrial gallery space , all cement and glass , with guests leaning in to examine Ducimetire 's impressive collection of furniture including vintage chairs by Charles and Ray Eames  and ornaments , like a Vietnamese vase that 's over 700 years old . There are as many marveling at the fortress-like wall around the garden as there are around each expensive art piece . Open House is as much a way to experience an inaccessible lifestyle as it is a chance to look at inaccessible architecture . From a family of architects herself , Ducimetire feels as though it 's her duty to let others experience her home and its wonders , though it may be a bit pricey to emulate directly . "  Hopefully people enjoy it and find inspiration for their own homes , or open their views on other things related to architecture . " The business of inside access Letting in the public can also benefit the firms behind these fantastic homes . Matt Keeler , principal architect at KSKa Architects , has been asked to show 18 properties with Open House over the last 11 years , and is always grateful to be recognized . "  For me , it 's like being in a Royal Academy exhibition , " he says . Magic Box , a west London Edwardian he redid in his studio 's minimalist style  think wood , geometry , and expansive windows  , is run like a realtor 's showing . Visitors are asked to remove their shoes at the door , and there are finger sandwiches on offer in the kitchen . Keeler presents a slideshow about the property every thirty minutes . "  We get most of our businesses from Open House London , " he tells me between presentations . "  Sometimes I have people say ` Matt , we 've been following you for three years . Now we 've got some money and we 'd like you to be our architect . ' " In fact , the owners of this particular home first met Keeler at at Open House four years ago . They were so impressed that when they bought a house in 2012 , they turned to him to transform their traditional home into a contemporary retreat . But even if they do n't bring new business , Keeler is always receptive to feedback from those outside the design world . "  When you get little old ladies saying ' I did n't really think I liked modern architecture , but this is amazing , ' it 's great . " What we can learn from the tattoos of our ancestors Battersea Power Station : The life , death and rebirth of a London icon One hundred years since the ` Golden Age ' of posters began The strange world of toilet architecture	Open House London gives visitors access to the city 's most interesting buildings The goal is to foster an appreciation for architecture and urban design The event allows proud homeowners to share their space with the public , and can connect architects with new clients This year , 800 properties were featured in the weekend event
CNN  -- Syria . Iran . Afghanistan . The list of foreign policy challenges facing the next president of the United States is long and daunting . CNN is posing a series of questions about how potential voters would like to see the president approach these issues , as part of a partnership with Facebook aimed at increasing voter engagement ahead of of the 2012 presidential election . Here 's how it works : CNN issues a question via a Facebook app , which requires users first to declare their intention to vote and then invites them to answer a series of multiple choice questions about issues in the election . As people answer , they can share answers with their friends and also see how their responses compare with others on Facebook . Click through the gallery for a look at the responses to the first set of foreign policy questions , broken down by demographic groupings gleaned from the respondents ' Facebook profiles . It 's important to note -- perhaps in part because the questions were asked of an online audience , and unlike a scientific poll were open to anyone who chooses to respond -- that a relatively large percentage of respondents in the Facebook surveys identified themselves as Democrats . The breakdown in the app  as of September 17  is 54 % Democrat , 21 % Republican and 25 % Independent . For context , in a 2008 national exit poll the breakdown looked like this : 39 % Democrat , 32 % Republican and 29 % Independent . In 2010 it was 35 % Democrat , 35 % Republican and 29 % Independent . If you 'd like to participate , visit the app , where we 'll be posting new questions through Election Day . Check out some more about foreign policy and the 2012 election : Who was the best foreign policy president ? Election winner faces dangerous world Election Center | Campaign issues	CNN posed questions for readers via a Facebook app Click through the gallery to see responses to questions about foreign policy New questions will be posted on the app through Election Day
After more than seven weeks of heavy fighting , Israel and Hamas have agreed to an open-ended ceasefire . The truce announced Tuesday puts off dealing with core long-term issues on both sides of a bitter conflict that killed around 2,200 people . But Israel agreed to ease the blockade on Gaza , open border crossings for more aid to pass through and extend the fishing limit off the coast to 6 miles , according to a senior Egyptian government official . Both sides agreed to return to Cairo for further Egyptian-mediated talks , the official said . Hamas -- as it has after every battle with Israel -- declared the outcome a victory . But Israel said that Hamas , which holds power inside Gaza , finally accepted an offer that it had repeatedly rejected earlier in the war . "  We hope that this time , the ceasefire will stick , " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said . "  And I think now , as the dust will begin to clear , many people will be asking : Why is it that today Hamas accepted the very same Egyptian framework that it rejected a month ago ? "  Ultimately , so much bloodshed could have been avoided , " he added . Cheers in Gaza Early in the conflict , Israel openly accepted Egypt 's ceasefire proposal and slammed Hamas for not doing so . Analysts saw Egypt 's offers as one of many signs that the fighting was a proxy war for the broader Middle East , with key powers such as Cairo supporting Israel 's fight against Hamas . In Gaza , cheers and celebratory gunfire erupted Tuesday . It 's "  a day of the victories for our people , " spokesman Fawhi Barhoum declared before a cheering , screaming crowd . He praised the "  steadfastness and resistance " in Gaza . "  The occupiers have tried to break them ... but the delegation spoke with one voice , " Barhoum said of the negotiations . Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , who is not part of Hamas and lives in the West Bank , thanked "  Egypt and everyone who supported all the efforts that resulted in this agreement to end the aggression . " "  Together , we will rebuild our free country , " he added . Abbas is with the Palestinian faction Fatah , which runs the government in the West Bank and is a longtime rival of Hamas . The two factions have fought in the past but also made attempts at unity governments , including one this year . ` Tackle the root causes ' Tuesday 's truce did n't deal with Israel 's main demand for the demilitarization of Gaza . It also did n't address Hamas ' calls for the rebuilding and reopening of Gaza 's airport and the establishment of a seaport , as well as the release of prisoners held by Israel . Palestinians say Israel and Egypt 's blockade of Gaza suffocates the economy of the small , impoverished territory . But Israel says Hamas ca n't be trusted to not import weapons . "  Any peace effort that does not tackle the root causes of the crisis will do little more than set the stage for the next cycle of violence , " a spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Tuesday of the ceasefire . "  After 50 days of profound human suffering and devastating physical destruction , any violations of the ceasefire would be utterly irresponsible , " he said . More than 2,130 Palestinians have been killed in the conflict . It 's not clear how many were civilians . The United Nations estimates that more than 70 % were civilians , but Israel reports a higher number of militants among the dead . Sixty-seven Israelis -- 64 of them soldiers -- have been killed , the United Nations reports . A foreign worker in Israel was killed as well . ` Eyes wide open ' The truce appeared similar to a previous agreement reached after a short conflict in November 2012 . "  In the end , Israel had two alternatives : either to occupy Gaza and destroy Hamas or to go to a ceasefire , " a senior Israeli official said on condition of anonymity . "  Once we decided not to occupy Gaza , we pushed for the same conditions that led to the end of hostilities in 2012 . " He said that he was "  not confident " the ceasefire would last , but that if Hamas wants it to hold , it will . Israel has said its military actions destroyed dozens of tunnels beneath Gaza , some of which extended under the border and were used by Palestinian militants to launch attacks . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry welcomed news of the ceasefire Tuesday and called on all parties to comply with its terms . "  We are approaching the next phase with our eyes wide open , " Kerry said in a statement . "  We have been down this road before , and we are all aware of the challenges ahead . Both the Israelis and the Palestinians have strong views about their needs and the future of the region . " INTERACTIVE : Six decades of war	The United Nations says root causes of the crisis must be addressed The conflict went on for 50 days , killing around 2,200 people Israel says Hamas finally accepted a plan it rejected earlier ; Hamas declares victory Deal includes easing blockade , extending fishing limit , Egyptian official says
Washington  CNN  -- Shortly after his $ 447 billion jobs plan stalled Tuesday in the Senate , President Barack Obama vowed to break the broad initiative down into numerous , separate bills -- potentially setting up even more showdowns between Democrats and Republicans on how to boost the economy and where to get the money to do so . The Democrat-pushed bill failed Tuesday night to get the 60 votes needed in the Senate to proceed . A total of 50 members of the chamber supported the measure , while 49 cast ballots against it . In a statement issued Tuesday night , Obama said that despite being an obvious defeat , "  tonight 's vote is by no means the end of this fight . " He then outlined his intention to work with Senate Majority Harry Reid and produce several smaller bills derived from the bigger plan . "  In the coming days , members of Congress will have to take a stand on whether they believe we should put teachers , construction workers , police officers and firefighters back on the job , " Obama said in a statement released Tuesday night . "  They 'll get a vote on whether they believe we should protect tax breaks for small business owners and middle-class Americans , or whether we should protect tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires . " The latter issue -- and , more generally , how best to pay for any jobs initiatives -- has been the most contentious in the debate , and the main reason the bill failed to go anywhere in the Senate . Specifically , Republicans vehemently oppose a recently added provision that would fund the measure through a 5.6 % surtax on annual incomes over $ 1 million . GOP leaders have accused the president of engaging in so-called "  class warfare " for political reasons , while Democrats have called the proposal fair and accused their opponents of taking the side of the rich over the vast majority of Americans . As he has repeatedly in recent weeks , Obama again pressed for Congress on Tuesday night to "  meet their responsibility , put their party politics aside and take action on jobs right now . " With the legislation to be broken down in several pieces , he said that legislators will now be forced to answer to their constituents "  with each vote . " While the vast majority of Senate Democrats voted in favor of the president 's job plan , a few -- including Ben Nelson of Nebraska and John Tester of Montana -- did not . Tester said , in a prepared statement , that "  the things I support in this bill are outweighed by the things I ca n't support , " including "  sending billions of dollars in bailout aid to states . " The Senate version of the measure has little chance of clearing the Republican-controlled House of Representatives . Administration officials had indicated earlier that they were prepared to try to pass the president 's plan in smaller parts , if necessary . But it is unclear what -- if anything -- a sharply polarized Congress is capable of passing as the election year nears . GOP leaders dismissed the president 's plea , and characterized the plan as little more than a political stunt . "  This whole exercise ... is a charade , " declared Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . "  Democrats have designed this bill to fail . They 've designed their own bill to fail in the hopes that anyone who votes against it will look bad for opposing a bill they misleadingly refer to as a ` jobs bill . ' " "  What matters most to the Democrats ... is that they have an issue to run on next year , " McConnell insisted . Among other things , the package includes an extension and expansion of the current payroll tax cut , an extension of jobless benefits to help the unemployed , new tax credits for businesses that hire the long-term unemployed , and additional money to help save and create jobs for teachers and first responders such as firefighters . But it is the proposed surtax on people earning over $ 1 million that has emerged as perhaps the most contentious dividing line between the two parties . The provision was added by key Senate Democrats to make Obama 's bill more acceptable to his own party . Republicans insist the measure would be devastating to small companies . "  Four out of five of these so-called millionaires are small businesses " employing over 300,000 people , McConnell claimed last week in an interview on Fox Business Network . "  Raising taxes in the middle of an economic slowdown is a bad idea . " In a speech Tuesday afternoon to a union crowd in Pittsburgh , Obama said that addressing revenue streams is necessary . "  In a perfect world with unlimited resources nobody would have to pay any taxes , " he said . "  But that 's not the world we live in . We live in a world where we have to make choices . " Asked last week if he is laying the groundwork to run against a "  do-nothing Congress " -- a reprise of President Harry Truman 's 1948 campaign -- Obama told reporters : "  If Congress does something , then I ca n't run against a do-nothing Congress . " But "  if Congress does nothing , " he added , "  I think the American people will run them out of town . " With the economy remaining shaky and unemployment hovering above 9 % , the economy is virtually certain to be the dominant issue of next year 's presidential campaign . Obama has touted his new plan in a series of campaign-style speeches across the country over the past couple of weeks . "  Instead of trying to get compromise ,  Obama 's  embracing conflict , " House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , said Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " The president is "  running around the country campaigning on a bill that he knows wo n't pass -- he ca n't even get it out of the Senate right now -- rather than working with us on ideas that we agree on that would actually help create jobs . " "  We want to go with ideas that work , " Ryan declared . The largest measure in the package is the expanded payroll tax cut , which comes at a projected cost of $ 265 billion . Employees normally pay 6.2 % on their first $ 106,800 of wages into Social Security , but they are now paying only 4.2 % . That break is set to expire at the end of December , and Obama wants to cut the tax in half to 3.1 % . Republicans previously embraced the cut , but have increasingly questioned its economic merit . A second key measure -- estimated to cost roughly $ 44 billion -- is the extension of emergency jobless benefits to help the long-term unemployed . Lawmakers first expanded benefits to cover 99 weeks in 2009 , and have since reauthorized the expansion five times . McConnell has also blasted the bill as a whole , calling it a rehash of Obama 's 2009 economic stimulus plan . Democrats insist that measure helped prevent a more serious economic meltdown , while top Republicans have characterized it as a failure that did little beyond adding to the federal government 's skyrocketing debt . "  It reminds me of an old country saying at home that there 's no education in the second kick of a mule , " McConnell told Fox . "  Our view is we 've been there , we 've done that , we know that does n't work and we should n't do it again . " The 2009 measure "  was a success in terms of job creation , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , insisted later in the week . "  It was n't fully appreciated , but the fact is that it made a big difference . " The new proposal "  is a much smaller package " but would be "  a good start " in terms of job creation , she added . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Jeanne Sahadi and Martina Stewart contributed to this report .	NEW : 50 senators voted for the bill , 49 against -- below the threshold for it to proceed Obama says he 'll create several smaller jobs bills , each to come up for a vote Congress ' failure to pass the bill could help set the stage for the 2012 campaign Republicans oppose the bill 's 5.6 % surtax on earnings over $ 1 million
Official documents , correspondence and other papers from the period of time Chuck Hagel held his U.S. Senate seat are closed to public viewing by the archives entrusted to hold them . The lack of access has created yet another controversy around the embattled nominee to become the next defense secretary , raising questions among some about whether he might be hiding something in those files . GOP critics of Hagel call on Obama to withdraw nomination The ruckus started earlier this week when a reporter from the conservative publication , the Weekly Standard , tried to access the documents but was rebuffed by administrators at the University of Nebraska , Omaha . The documents were given to the school by Hagel , who retired from the Senate after two terms in 2009 . The archive is comprised of legislative papers , including speeches , memos , handwritten letters , photos and other correspondence Hagel accumulated during his 12 years in office , according to the school . Republicans not happy with Hagel , some of whom have questioned whether he has been truthful about his position on issues from Iran to Israel and Hezbollah , are now wondering what might be in his archives . In a statement to CNN , a spokesman from the University of Nebraska , Omaha , said there is good reason to deny access to the papers . "  Once the archive is processed and indexed , according to the standards and best practices of the Society of American Archivists , they will be open to the public . Until that time , they are not open to the public . We are working toward the day when the archive is processed and available to researchers , " Charles Reed , a media relations coordinator at the school , said . A spokesman for Hagel would not comment beyond what the university said and referred CNN to the school . But some members of Congress looking for any documents that might contradict statements Hagel made at his recent confirmation hearing in the Senate say he is not living up to his pledge to be forthcoming about his record while he served there . Hagel letter disavows alleged old comments on Israel "  The University of Nebraska flatly denied a direct request from our office that they provide access to the archives to Senate staff and journalists , " a spokesman for U.S. Sen. Mark Kirk  R - IL  , said in an e-mailed response to CNN . Kirk 's office made the request earlier this week . "  The archive is filled with videos , speeches , letters , notes and other information about Sen. Hagel 's record that senators have a right to review . We have requested Sen. Hagel 's assistance in opening up the archive and are waiting for a reply from his confirmation liaisons at the Office of the Secretary of Defense . Sen. Hagel promised he would provide senators access to all available information about his record and Sen. Kirk remains hopeful Sen. Hagel will keep his word , " according to the statement . Steve Shorb , dean of the University of Nebraska at Omaha 's library , which houses the Hagel archives , says the status of the file is not unique . "  To my knowledge , none of the other senators who left office around that time have open archives either -- these things take a long time , " Shorb said . Two former senators , who left office in the same year as Hagel , also have archives housed at public universities which are not open to the public or researchers yet . The archives of Sen. Pete Domenici and Sen. Ted Stevens are kept by the library at New Mexico State University in Las Cruces and the University of Alaska , Fairbanks , respectively . The website of the Domenici archives said boxes of documents arrived between 2007 and 2008 and are still being sorted and catalogued . "  The entire collection will take several years to complete , " according to the Domenici archive website . The archive for Stevens , who died in 2010 , said the collection arrived the previous year and "  parts of the collection that are not restricted will be reviewed and made available as soon as archival processing is complete . "	Hagel 's official papers from Senate service housed at university Some senators say Hagel not living up to promise to be forthcoming Hagel 's confirmation process to be defense secretary has been rocky Library dean says the situation with Hagel 's papers is not unique
CNN  -- Lauryn Hill walked free from a federal prison Friday and -- if she has her way -- back into the musical spotlight . The Grammy-winning artist was released from a low-security all-female facility in Danbury , Connecticut , according to federal prison records . She 'd been incarcerated for the past three months for failing to pay federal income taxes . The 38-year-old still faces restrictions , though : three months of home confinement and a year of supervised probation . She 'd also been ordered to pay penalties and the taxes she owed . Her lawyer , Nathan Hochman , said Hill has since fully paid her taxes . Hochman confirmed his client left the western Connecticut prison , as well as the fact she started her home confinement and probation on Friday . The singer got out several days earlier than planned due to various factors , "  including good behavior , " Hochman said . On the same day of her release from prison , Hill released a new song called "  Consumerism " -- a fast-moving track that puts the spotlight on various - isms , such as skepticism and narcissism -- via her official Tweeter feed . According to the linked page , "  she wanted to get this music out while she was incarcerated , as it is a product of the space she was in while she was going through some of the challenges she has been faced with recently . " The former Fugees star and solo artist has sold 16 million albums over the course of her career . But she did n't meet her tax obligations all that time : Hill pleaded guilty last year to three counts of failing to file tax returns on more than $ 1.8 million between 2005 and 2007 . According to the prosecutor , the sentence she eventually faced also took "  into account additional income and tax losses for 2008 and 2009 -- when she also failed to file federal returns -- along with her outstanding tax liability to the state of New Jersey , for a total income of approximately $ 2.3 million and total tax loss of approximately $ 1,006,517 . " Despite her commercial success , Hill told U.S. Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo in May that she lives "  very modestly " and claimed that most of the money from her music went to other people . Describing her "  life of sacrifice with very little time for myself and my children , " Hill insisted that she planned to pay her taxes , it was just a question of when . But , at her sentencing , the judge reminded the singer that individual citizens do n't get to decide when they pay the government . The tax education of Lauryn Hill CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer : Hill got out a few days early due to "  good behavior , " among other factors Lauryn Hill is released from a federal prison in Danbury , Connecticut She still faces months of home confinement and supervised probation The Grammy winner pleaded guilty to failing to pay her federal taxes
CNN  Airstrikes started Wednesday in Tikrit , where Iraqi and coalition forces are battling to wrest control from ISIS . "  These strikes are intended to destroy ISIL strongholds with precision , thereby saving innocent Iraqi lives while minimizing collateral damage to infrastructure , " said Lt. Gen. James L. Terry , commanding general of the international coalition , led by the United States . "  This will further enable Iraqi forces under Iraqi command to maneuver and defeat ISIL in the vicinity of Tikrit , " he said , using an alternative acronym for ISIS . At the request of Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi , the coalition is providing "  airstrikes , airborne intelligence capabilities , and advise and assist support to Iraqi Security Force headquarters elements , " it said . According to a U.S. official who spoke on the condition of anonymity , the first wave of airstrikes was intended to hit about a dozen preplanned targets . Tikrit , best known to Westerners as the birthplace of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein , fell in June to ISIS , which has captured large areas of Iraq and Syria for what it says is its Islamic caliphate . On March 1 , al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to retake Tikrit and Salaheddin province . There have been several failed attempts to recapture Tikrit since the second half of 2014 . If Iraq regains control of the city , it could mean that retaking Mosul -- a city 10 times bigger -- is possible . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	"  These strikes are intended to destroy ISIL strongholds with precision , " U.S. general says Coalition is providing help asked for by Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi
Editor 's note : Frank Micciche is managing director of the Next Social Contract Initiative at the New America Foundation , a think tank that promotes thought from across the ideological spectrum . He has worked for Sallie Mae , former Michigan Gov. John Engler and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney . Frank Micciche says Detroit has to justify its bailout while Wall Street is getting more without tough scrutiny . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- There was good news and bad news in the recent filings Chrysler and General Motors made with the federal officials overseeing their multibillion-dollar rescue . The good news was that , if the federal government can see its way clear to adding another $ 21 billion or so to the more than $ 17.4 billion they received in bridge loans in December -- including a cool $ 7 billion by the end of March to forestall their insolvency -- the companies are confident that they will be able to retool , return to profitability and repay the money provided them . The bad news : it wo n't happen until late in President Obama 's first term , if at all , and in the meantime they will eliminate at least 50,000 jobs this year alone , close even more plants than previously announced and discontinue several of their most recognizable lines of cars . If you think keeping the automakers afloat for another few years is expensive , you wo n't believe how much it would cost to let them fail . In the same report , GM CEO Rick Wagoner put the price tag for the feds should his company file for bankruptcy at $ 100 billion . Such is the through-the-looking-glass nature of bailout economics , circa 2009 . Of course , even Wagoner 's worst case scenario is a pittance compared to the more than $ 600 billion that will eventually flow to Wall Street through the Troubled Assets Relief Program  TARP  . Which begs the question of why , after four months and nearly $ 400 billion in capital from the U.S. Treasury , we have still not seen anything remotely resembling the detailed disclosures and strategic planning required of the automakers from the banks that have received TARP funds ? For that matter , should n't the state and local governments that stand to receive hundreds of billions of dollars under the recently enacted economic stimulus bill have to submit something , anything , that would explain how they intend to use this money , what their spending will do to speed and sustain the nation 's overall recovery and what they will do to wean themselves from this emergency aid once the crisis has passed ? Small nonprofits and community organizations that receive federal grants will tell you that the paperwork and scrutiny that comes with even the most modest federal award is often so exhaustive as to nullify the benefits of the grant . Not so , apparently , if your request is in the billions . Perhaps the secret to avoiding the withering glances of bean-counting bureaucrats is to ask for serious cash from Uncle Sam . How do we square the double standard in reporting required of Chrysler and GM , whose combined request is in the range of $ 40 billion , with the inability of even a pit bull like U.S. House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank , D-Massachusetts , to get answers as to exactly where and to what end the TARP money has gone ? It may be that the situation on Wall Street is so complex , and the stakes so high , that lawmakers themselves have little confidence in their abilities to map a successful recovery for the industry , so they are relying on the sheer magnitude of their spending and the ingenuity of those left standing on Wall Street to work their market magic and revive the economy . The idea of a single "  Car Czar " to oversee the rebuilding of the auto industry is now out the window , replaced by a task force led by Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner and National Economic Council Director Larry Summers , two of the most over-extended men in the history of American government . But it 's still easier for Washington to imagine that they can manage Chrysler and GM back onto the road to viability than that anything short of massive infusions of vaguely traceable capital will unfreeze the credit markets and restore financial stability . In the meantime , the automakers await word on the acceptability of their plans to dramatically reduce production and add tens of thousands of new Americans to the ranks of the unemployed . Forty billion just does n't go as far as it used to . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frank Micciche .	Frank Micciche : Auto companies are planning job cuts and plant closings He says they were required to give detailed plans in return for bailout money Micciche : Wall Street firms getting much more money from federal government He says the bankers have n't been required to provide their restructuring plan
Mexico City  CNN  -- Enrique Pea Nieto is the projected winner of Mexico 's presidential election , according to a quick count by election officials . Representative samples from polling stations throughout the country gave Pea Nieto the lead , with between 37.93 % and 38.55 % of votes , the Federal Election Institute said . The projected victory for Pea Nieto marks a triumphant return to power for the PRI , which controlled Mexico 's presidency for more than 70 years , until the election of the National Action Party 's Vicente Fox in 2000 . Criticisms of Pea Nieto and concerns about the PRI 's possible return to power have fueled a student movement that has staged protests throughout the country in recent weeks . But the charismatic 45-year-old former governor has also galvanized fervent support among residents of his home state and party loyalists nationwide . The frontrunner 's campaign platform includes plans to stop the rise in food prices , promote energy reform , give social security to all Mexicans and reduce violence nationwide . The Consulta Mitofsky , GEA/ISA and Parametria firms also said their exit poll results projected a win for Pea Nieto , with more than 40 % of voters saying they cast ballots for the PRI candidate . In addition to Pea Nieto , three other candidates were vying for the presidency in what officials called "  the largest and most complex election day " in the country 's history . Ruling party candidate Josefina Vazquez Mota was trailing in exit polls . Throughout the three-month campaign , she appeared to be distancing herself from President Felipe Calderon . Her campaign slogan was "  Josefina Diferente . " But at a campaign rally Wednesday night , the National Action Party  PAN  candidate praised the "  valor " of Calderon 's fight against organized crime and made a surprise announcement that she would invite him to be Mexico 's attorney general if she wins the presidency . As preliminary results trickled in Sunday night , Vazquez Mota acknowledged that the trend did not appear to be in her favor . Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of the Democratic Revolution Party  PRD  ranked in second place in numerous polls leading up to the election . Sunday night 's quick count indicated that he had received between 30.9 % and 31.86 % of votes . In the 2006 presidential vote , election authorities said the former Mexico City mayor narrowly lost to Calderon . Lopez Obrador claimed election fraud and never conceded , referring to himself as "  the legitimate president of Mexico . " His supporters protested nationwide . In Mexico City , they staged sit-ins and blockades . On Wednesday , Lopez Obrador told throngs of supporters in Mexico 's capital that he was confident that he would "  win the presidency again . " Gabriel Quadri of the New Alliance , who lagged far behind in polls before and after the election , praised Mexico 's election authorities Sunday night . "  We have very solid , democratic institutions , " he said . In polling centers throughout the country , workers began the day Sunday assembling cardboard voting booths marked with bold black letters saying , "  The vote is free and secret . " But some voters said they were afraid of fraud . From a command center in Mexico 's capital , student activists tracked election irregularities reported in local media , and encouraged others to document activities at their neighborhood polling stations . The monitoring effort was spearheaded by youth who have led a series of social media campaigns and street protests leading up to Sunday 's vote . At the Revolution elementary school near the heart of Mexico City , Martha Rojas Ramos was near the front of the line , waiting for the polls to open Sunday morning . The 58-year-old flea market merchant , who carried bags of merchandise in her arms as she waited in line to vote before heading to work Sunday morning , said money was tight , and the economy was a key issue for her in this year 's election . Pea Nieto , she said , is the right person to solve Mexico 's economic problems . "  He is obviously prepared . There was obviously a dirty war against him , " said Martha Rojas Ramos , 58 . Critics lamenting the possible return of the PRI to power are n't thinking straight , she said . "  That 's all in the past . What 's important is that he is young and has all the ability to represent us , " she said . Alejandro Garcia , a 33-year-old accountant , said he supported Pea Nieto 's security strategy , which aims to decrease violence in Mexico . Calderon , Mexico 's current president , made combating cartels a top priority when he took office in December 2006 . Since then , more than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence nationwide , according to government statistics . Garcia said the surge in violence has negatively impacted daily life throughout the country . "  People do n't go out as much in the streets . People go inside their homes earlier in the day . ... Now we are seeing things that we did n't see before . Maybe they were going on , but they were n't as open as they are now , " he said . "  I think  Pea Nieto  is the one to stabilize the country . " Other voters were less decisive about their choices . "  We are voting for the least bad candidate , " said Manuel Palomera , a 34-year-old travel agent who said he was casting his ballot for Vazquez Mota . At one polling station in Mexico City , a 46-year-old attorney from the state of Michoacan was fuming . Thalia Vasquez was one of hundreds of out-of-town voters who went to a special polling place to vote and had to wait for hours . Shouting matches ensued when people tried to cut in line , she said . "  Imagine how long this is going to take , " she said , saying election authorities should do more to monitor the lines outside the polls . Voters still in line after polls close at 6 p.m. were allowed to vote , election officials said . Mexicans also cast ballots from beyond the country 's borders . On Saturday , election officials said they had received 40,737 absentee ballots from Mexicans living abroad . For the first time , more than 79 million people were registered to vote , according to election authorities . Among them are 3.5 million young people who will be casting their first vote , the institute said . More than 2,100 federal , state and local offices will also be decided by Sunday 's vote , according to Mexico 's Federal Election Institute . Voters will elect governors in the states of Chiapas , Guanajuato , Jalisco , Morelos , Tabasco and Yucatan . In Mexico City , the nation 's capital , residents will elect a new mayor . Election authorities suspended voting an hour early at nine polls in the southern state of Chiapas Sunday after clashes between political groups backing competing candidates for mayor in the town of Rincon Chamula . Several people were injured , the Federal Election Institute said . Online and on the streets , Mexico youth protests grow as election looms CNN 's Rafael Romo , Miguel Marquez , Krupskaia Alis and Rene Hernandez and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	NEW : Exit polls , preliminary official tally show Enrique Pea Nieto in the lead NEW : The ruling party candidate acknowledges results are not trending in her favor Voters cast ballots for federal , state and local offices Authorities call it the "  largest and most complex election day " in Mexico 's history
Douglas Engelbart , whose invention of the mouse transformed the way people interact with computers , has died . Engelbart died Tuesday night at his home in Atherton , California , SRI International -- the research institute where he once worked -- said in a statement . He was 88 . "  Doug 's legacy is immense -- anyone in the world who uses a mouse or enjoys the productive benefits of a personal computer is indebted to him , " Curtis R. Carlson , SRI 's president and CEO , said in a written statement . Decades ago , Engelbart came up with the idea we now know as a mouse . His first prototype , which featured a carved out wooden block , wheels and a tiny red button , looks quite different from the sleek plastic designs now seen in homes and offices around the world . A radar technician during World War II , Engelbart worked at the Stanford Research Institute during the 1960s . It was there that a vision of people sitting in front of a video screen , interacting with a computer , came to him . "  I knew enough engineering and had enough experience as a radar person to know that if a computer can punch cards or print paper , it can draw anything you want on a screen , " he told CNN in 1997 after receiving a $ 500,000 prize for American innovation . Engelbart invented and patented what he called the "  x-y position indicator , " receiving a $ 10,000 check for the invention . He told CNN he could n't recall who on his team had decided to call it a mouse . At the time , it was n't easy to convince fellow scientists to follow his vision , Engelbart said . But he persisted . Later , he went on to found the Doug Engelbart Institute , a nonprofit dedicated to boosting the collective ability to solve complex , urgent problems on a global scale . "  Sometimes I reflect on how naive somebody has to be in order to get visions -- and plug away at them -- that ultimately proceed , and how many other people with visions that are as naive just fall off the cliff , " Engelbart told CNN in 1997 . In addition to the computer mouse , Engelbart 's work at SRI from 1957 to 1977 helped develop tech innovations such as display editing , online processing , linking and in-file object addressing , use of multiple windows , hypermedia , and context-sensitive help , the institute said . "  Doug was a giant who made the world a much better place and who deeply touched those of us who knew him , " Carlson said . "  SRI was very privileged and honored to have him as one of our ` family . ' He brought tremendous value to society . We will miss his genius , warmth and charm . " Engelbart is survived by his wife and four children . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Douglas Engelbart invented the computer mouse He died Tuesday night at home in California , SRI International says Research institute chief : "  Anyone in the world who uses a mouse ... is indebted to him "
DES MOINES , Iowa  CNN  -- Orangutans and bonobos in one of North America 's leading ape research centers are spending time high in their habitats to escape Iowa floodwaters , officials said Monday . Floodwaters encroach on the bonobo facility at the Great Ape Trust of Iowa . Water on the grounds of the Great Ape Trust of Iowa in Des Moines has been as high as 14 feet after flooding began last week . Research , including the future and origins of culture , language , tool use and language in ape species , was brought to a standstill , officials said . But at no time were the apes in danger . "  The parts that house the animals all have drains , and being wet is a part of their daily routine , " said Al Setka , director of communications . Animals moved to the highest levels of their living quarters when they wanted to stay dry , the trust reported . The orangutan habitat is 30 feet high , and the bonobo one is 25 feet high , according to the trust 's Web site . "  Today , we are just trying to finish cleaning out the living areas to give the apes access to all of their indoor space , " Setka said Monday . The trust 's Web site said the Des Moines facility , built in a former sand quarry , will be the largest in North America when it is completed .	Water has been as a high as 14 feet at Great Ape Trust of Iowa Orangutans , bonobos spending time in upper levels of living quarters , officials say Research at a standstill at Des Moines facility
CNN  -- When the Supreme Court on Monday sent Fisher v. University of Texas , an affirmative action case , back to the lower court for a second look , supporters of race-conscious policies breathed a sigh of relief . The University of Texas at Austin , which considers race among many other factors to achieve a "  critical mass " of racial diversity in admissions , was sued by Abigail Fisher , an unsuccessful white applicant . The 5th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of the university , and many expected the Supreme Court to overturn that ruling and invalidate any use of race in college admissions . Instead , the court remanded the case . The Fisher ruling was not a simple sidestep , however . Justice Anthony Kennedy 's opinion for a surprisingly large court majority -- seven out of eight voting justices -- re-emphasized a troublesome aspect of previous rulings . When colleges and universities take affirmative steps to ensure that their student bodies include racial diversity that enhances the educational environment for all students , their actions are held to the same strict scrutiny as the admissions requirements that originally barred students of color from many schools in the first place . Opinion : Supreme Court does minorities a favor Kennedy wrote that the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals did not correctly apply the strict scrutiny standard , which requires that government policy disadvantaging a person based on race must serve a "  compelling governmental interest , " and the policy must be "  narrowly tailored " to achieve that interest . The high court ruled in 2003 that achieving diversity in higher education is a compelling interest , in part because diversity can aid the educational environment by bringing different perspectives into the classroom . At stake in Fisher was whether the Texas admissions program was "  narrowly tailored . " Although the court suggested that it was appropriate to defer to the university 's judgment that diversity was important , Kennedy wrote that the university receives "  no deference " on the question of whether its admissions standards are narrowly tailored . Instead , he wrote , courts themselves must compare policies to determine whether "  no workable race-neutral alternatives would produce the educational benefits of diversity . " Since it is racial diversity that 's at stake , this puts educational institutions in the awkward position of trying to achieve a policy indirectly , since they may only work to foster racial diversity by adopting policies that appear not to involve race at all . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , the only dissenter , argued this calls for obfuscation . "  Only an ostrich could regard the supposedly neutral alternatives as race unconscious . " It is the height of irony that the Constitution should be read to require institutions committed to enlightenment to instead practice obfuscation . The court 's approach also puts judges in the driver 's seat for determining college admissions programs . This leaves the court with an outsized role in setting educational policy . It is troubling to see such a strong judicial footprint in educational policy when there is no reason to believe that white students in Texas lack political power or the ability to be heard when educational policy is made at the state and university level . It was different for African American students , the original beneficiaries of strict scrutiny . They were overtly denied admission at the University of Texas until the 1950s , while Texas also had a long history of race discrimination in voting . In an earlier case , former Justice Sandra Day O'Connor suggested there should come a day when affirmative action programs will not be necessary . As colleges and universities work toward this goal -- redressing disparities that linger after a long history of racial discrimination -- there must also come a day when the Supreme Court stops micromanaging college admissions . The Fisher ruling takes us further from this goal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Dudziak .	Mary Dudziak : Supreme Court 's ruling was not a simple sidestep of affirmative action policies She says ruling held that a lower court did not show race policy was "  narrowly tailored " She says ruling held courts should determine whether no option to race policy is available Dudziak : Universities could end up hiding diversity policies from courts acting as arbiters
CNN  -- 2011 has been a year for young people in the Middle East and North Africa . More than two thirds of the region 's population is under the age of 25 , according to the Arab Thought Foundation , and they have emerged as the drivers of the Arab Spring uprisings . At the second "  One Young World " conference in Zurich , Switzerland , this month , 1,600 under 25s from 194 countries spent three days sharing ideas and hearing from global leaders in business , politics and activism . Here , we profile some young people from the Middle East and North Africa who could be the region 's leaders of tomorrow . Internet activist , Bahrain Esra'a El Shafei , 25 , founded the website Mideast Youth , which campaigns on a diverse range of initiatives . El Shafei set up Mideast Youth five years ago and has concentrated on issues that do not receive much mainstream media attention , such as the plight of migrant works or the rights of religious minorities . One of its recent projects is CrowdVoice.org , a user-powered service tracking voices of protests by crowd-sourcing information . El Shafei said : "  I founded CrowdVoice out of my own frustrations of desperately needing a tool to organize the dissemination of assorted information and current events about topics that mattered to activists worldwide . "  CrowdVoice made its mark with thousands of users when the revolutionary protests began in Tunisia and Egypt . " How Arab youth found their voice Campaigner for education reform , Egypt Jamal Dayem , 23 , is an engineer by trade but passionate about improving education in Egypt . He said : "  The real dream is to implement an education reform movement such as ` Teach for India ' in Egypt , where high caliber Egyptian university graduates teach full time in low-income schools around Egypt . "  The education institutions in Egypt have been one of the most affected by the decades of corruption in the country . " Daymen 's mother is a teacher in a government school and has spurred his desire to change the system "  There is no question that the education system in Egypt needs a revolution , " he said . "  In Egypt universities graduate a plethora of extremely capable students every year that are bulwarked by an unemployment rate of 20 % for their age group . "  If we as a country are able to harness their energy and passion to fuel the education of the succeeding generation we would be more effective than any curriculum change or incentives given to already dormant and corrupt members of education . " Entrepreneur , Jordan Rami Al Qadi , 25 , is an entrepreneur and electrical engineer who has designed a wind turbine that works in low wind speeds . His entrepreneurial ideas range from bringing wind energy to Jordan to manufacturing sand buggies . Al Qadi is worried that this year 's unrest across the Middle East has made conditions harder for growing businesses , particularly those which depend on tourism . He wants to see regulations eased for entrepreneurs and an end to corruption in Jordan . "  Young people are very important in the Middle East because they represent the majority of people , " said Al Qadi . "  If a small percentage takes some action then a change might happen . " Ten must-read blogs from the Middle East Youth ambassador , Egypt Raghada Abdel Hamed , 28 , is Egypt 's Youth Ambassador for Arab Thought Foundation , an organization which promotes innovation in science , culture , literature , arts and education . Hamed said : "  My main goal is to represent the organization in my country and spread awareness on its objectives . " She has represented Egypt at numerous youth conferences since 2004 , and works for the United National High Commissioner for Refugees interviewing people vulnerable to abuse and ensuring they are referred for support . Hamed was involved in the revolution in Egypt and is keen to help build her nation 's future . She said : "  I have seen by my eyes the sacrifices made to this revolution to succeed . "  Therefore , we will work hard to achieve what we paid a great price for : better governance , better social justice , job creation , less corruption and above all a generation who are aware of their rights and duties , so that they can always stand up and fight for it . " Youth employment trainer , Jordan Mohammad Abulawi , 25 , wants to help young people find jobs in his native Jordan . Abulawi is training co-ordinator for Jordan Career Education Foundation , an organization which aims to give vulnerable and disadvantaged 18 to 24-year-olds a sense of hope and dignity by training them for work . He said : "  My hope is that parents and children fully understand the importance of education and that the numbers of uneducated youth decrease in Jordan . "  I also wish that the ` culture of shame , ' where Jordanian youth do not work in certain jobs , is tackled and that the youth become the biggest segment of the workforce in Jordan . " Social entrepreneur , Egypt Mahmoud El-Refai , 27 , co-founded It ` sOneHummanity , a global social network for humanitarians that lets them share their work and ideas . He is also a climate-change ambassador for an international project , an engineering graduate and a corporate strategy officer for Siemens . El-Refai said : "  I 'm working on bridging the gap between the private sector , the public sector and the civil society to create projects that can benefit the people at the ` bottom of the pyramid . ' I believe that business must be for profit , but profit must also be for purpose . " He added : "  I dream of an Egypt where human rights are respected and where social equality prevails . I imagine an Egypt that is in the top 20 countries in the world , a leading country in the political , social and economic arenas . " Researcher and women 's advocate , United Arab Emirates Graduate student Sarah AbdulRazak , 23 , is on the board organizing a "  Women As Global Leaders " conference in Abu Dhabi next year . AbdulRazak would love to see more women in public life in the United Arab Emirates and other Middle Eastern countries . She is also passionate about education and promoting dialogue between the east and west . AbdulRazak said : "  Young people are the voices and torchbearers of a progressive future , especially in the Middle East where they are currently underrepresented on the global stage . " Inventor , Jordan Abdel Rahman Alzorgan , 21 , and his younger brother Mohammad were named among the best young inventors in Jordan after winning fourth place in an Intel International Science and Engineering Fair in the United States . The pair 's invention was an automated irrigation system they had been working on since they were in elementary school . Abdel said : "  We got a patent for it , so we are known now as the youngest inventors of Jordan . At the moment we are working on five other research projects , mainly to do with environmental solutions . " Alzorgan , now an engineering student , also works on awareness campaigns involving politics , fighting hunger and HIV .	More than two thirds of Middle East population is under 25 Young people are credited with driving uprisings across the region this year ` One Young World ' conference brought together 1,600 young people from 194 countries
CNN  -- While some architects compete over height , others compete with shape . After China 's "  Donut " Hotel  aka the Sheraton Huzhou Hot Springs Resort  hit monitors earlier this month , another eye-opening hotel design has just been announced -- also with a massive hole in the middle of the building . Designed by Spanish architecture firm OOIIO , the Unbalance Hotel  the project 's working title  resembles a tilted photo frame at the edge of a high cliff in Lima , Peru . "  Lima hasn  t got a representative iconic building that brings the more than 8 million inhabitants of the city to be well known worldwide , " OOIIO director Joaqun Milln tells CNN . "  We wanted to create something radical , strong . A landmark , a building that makes you think , a shape that shakes your imagination . "  We know that as soon as you do something that radical on such a dominant location there are going to be a lot of people hating it . And some of them also loving it . "  This is what we want -- make people talk about architecture , and what to do and not to do with Lima 's urban landscape . " Bold purchase Hugging a space between the Pacific Ocean and the city , the unique shape of "  Unbalance Hotel " ensures people behind the building wo n't have their views out to the ocean blocked . The bold dream , however , will be fulfilled only with the help of an equally bold investor . Fortunately for OOIIO , a private Latin American investor , who the company wo n't name , is said to be pleased with the design . "  We were not sure if he was going to react OK to such a strong proposal , " says Milln . "  Actually we had a B option ready just in case , but we never had to show it . "  After a long silence he started to say nice things about the project , and he sees the economic potential of such a building design . Now he is in love with it ! " The design is still in its development stage and nothing has been confirmed , so no construction or opening dates were given . If approved , the "  Unbalance Hotel " is meant to serve as both a hotel and congress center , consisting of 125 rooms , restaurants , conference rooms and an exhibition space . The interior design will include "  some spaces with non-vertical facades , and very spectacular hall and rooftop restaurants , " says Milln . Other outrageous designs from OOIIO include Miraflores-Barranco Footbridge , a spiky footbridge that looks like Peruvian crystal , and Valer Church , a wooden church that doubles as a public space in a small Norwegian village .	Spanish design firm OOIIO has an imaginative design for its upcoming hotel project in Peru Called "  Unbalance Hotel , " the design resembles a tilted photo frame by the cliff The design will avoid blocking sea views and aims to become a landmark for Lima
CNN  What has a jet engine , a rocket booster and travels on a set of aluminum wheels ? It 's the Bloodhound SuperSonic Car  SSC  and it has plans to hit the world land speed record at 1,000 mph . Made of titanium , carbon fiber and , like superman , is designed to go faster than a speeding bullet , the Bloodhound SSC has been painstakingly put together and tested over the better part of six years . In 2016 , the UK-based team plan to take the 42-foot  8.9 m  vehicle to Hakskeen Pan , a dry lake bed in South Africa , for a crack at the record breaking attempt . Former fighter jet pilot Royal Air Force  RAF  Wing Commander Andy Green said even designing a car that can hold together at these blistering speeds has been a triumph of the engineer 's art . "  No rubber , " he told CNN from The Bloodhound Project headquarters in Bristol , UK . "  Beyond about 450mph it 's really , really hard to keep a tire on - they just get flung off . So we have solid aluminum . "  We 've been through a huge evolution of finding something that 's tough enough that would do the job . Basically this car goes faster than a speeding bullet , so anything that hits this is like being shot at from a gun . " The former jet ace , who has flown combat missions over Iraq , Bosnia and Afghanistan , can lay claim to be the only man to have broken the sound barrier in the air and on land . In 1997 , he hit 763 mph or Mach 1 in the vehicle ThrustSSC to become the first man to break the sound barrier on land . The Bloodhound Project takes the land speed record a step further in a car that is part jet fighter , part Formula 1 racer and part space rocket . "  A thousand miles an hour at ground level is faster than any jet fighter has ever traveled in history , so there are going to be some major challenges , " Green said . Besides three engines delivering 135,000 horsepower , the Bloodhound is equipped with rocket boosters to deliver the thrust necessary to get it to 1,000 mph . "  The jet engines  on their own will take us to 600mph or thereabouts , but to get a land speed record , at about 350 miles an hour we turn on a rocket engine to take us all the way through to a 1000mph , " said lead designer Mark Chapman . "  The rocket is the key -- that 's the difference between 750 mph and 1,000 mph . " The Bloodhound team scoured the globe to find a desert run that could accommodate a vehicle which , at 1,000 mph , is likely to run out of road in a matter of seconds . The requirements were a perfectly flat landscape , at least 12 miles long and two miles wide . They eventually selected Hakskeen Pan , in Northern Cape , South Africa where Bloodhound SSC will cover a mile in 3.6 seconds -- equivalent to 4.5 football pitches laid end to end every second . Having already set the land speed record , Green is in a good place to describe what it is like in the cockpit of the world 's fastest cars . Even so , the new challenges presented by Bloodhound SSC sometimes leave him lost for words . "  The best single description I 've ever heard was from the late , great Art Arfons who set three world records in the 1960s and got up to almost 600 mph . "  Somebody asked him one day what it was like and he said : ` What is it like to drive a land-speed  record  ? To drive a jet car to do 600 miles an hour over the ground ? "  And he said : ` It 's a bit like the taste of chocolate . If you 've never had a bar of chocolate I am really going to struggle to explain what it is like ' . " Ultimately , he said , the cockpit is place of tremendous G forces , heat and vibration . "  In a land-speed car , that 's just a normal day in the office . Uncomfortable , but that 's what it 's like . It 's hugely busy , it 's very hot , it 's very noisy . Apart from all those things , it should be fairly simple . " While the aim of the project is to crack the magic 1,000 mph mark  the closest yet has been an American F104 jet fighter which flew just above ground level at 988mph  , Green said the ultimately the record attempt is about instilling a sense of engineering progress in future generations . "  This about developing technology . This is about finding out new things . This is about exploring , " he said . "  And the story of engineering exploration is about the failures and the challenges , not just about the successes . "	The jet-propelled Bloodhound SuperSonic Car aims to be the first car to hit 1,000 mph Rocket boosters , engineers say , will push car through the sound barrier to world record The team plans to try in 2016 at Hakskeen Pan , in Northern Cape , South Africa Driver Andy Green already holds the world land speed record of 763 mph , set in 1997
CNN  -- He apparently did NOT "  mind the gap . " A man in Perth , Australia , somehow slipped and got his leg stuck in the narrow space between a commuter train and the platform Wednesday . Closed circuit TV captured the incident at the Stirling Station and showed another passenger immediately raising the alarm . Authorities tried to pull the man out , but when that did n't work , they asked passengers to step out of the wagons and help push the six-car train in an effort to widen the gap , according to CNN affiliate Seven Network . About 50 commuters lined up along the side of the train , and after two collective pushes , the man was able to free his left leg . The commuter was examined by medics , but was not hurt , Seven Network said . He has not been identified . Fellow passenger Nicolas Taylor told PerthNow the man seemed a little embarrassed , "  because right where he fell was the ` mind the gap ' writing . " The incident only delayed the busy train by 15 minutes .	A man gets his left leg caught between the platform and a train in Perth , Australia Authorities ca n't pull him out and ask people to leave the train Commuters line up to push the train and the man frees himself The man is not hurt and the train leaves with only a 15-minute delay
CNN  -- Voters in Belarus head to the polls Sunday to cast their ballots in presidential elections . The race will determine the political fate of Alexander Lukashenko , regarded as "  the last dictator in Europe " by U.S. lawmakers . Lukashenko , who has been in office since 1994 , is running against nine other candidates , according to the Central Election Commission . National polls show that he enjoys wide support of the electorate . Andrei Sannikov , a former diplomat who wants to see Belarus as a member of the European Union , is one of the main opposition leaders . The two others are Yaroslav Romanchuk and Vladimir Neklyaev . Economist Romanchuk , a candidate from the United Civil Party , has been prolific in publicizing his views on economic reforms . Lukashenko 's other opponent , Neklyaev , runs a social campaign "  Tell the Truth ! " He was arrested for participating in public protests earlier this year and later released . According to the electoral commission , the official election day is December 19 , but early voting was held between Tuesday and Saturday for voters unable to go to the polls Sunday . Preliminary results show that at least 10 percent of eligible voters cast their votes in the early elections . On December 4 , state television broadcast live pre-election debates for the first time since the 1994 presidential race . Lukashenko and Neklyaev chose not to participate . The contestants were also allowed two half-an-hour slots on the prime-time national television to address the Belarusians , according to a news release from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs . All candidates except for Lukashenko used this opportunity during the campaign . Legislation of Belarus allows presidential candidates to campaign until the day before the elections . However , during the Sunday elections , all public events have been banned , said official news agency BelTa . Protests are not allowed in the aftermath of the election either . According to BelTa , organizers of public events must receive official permission 15 days before holding a public event . "  No organization has applied for the permission to the Minsk City Council , " Central Election Commission chairwoman Lidia Yermoshina told BelTa . Any social activity will be deemed illegal , the news agency said . In 2006 , security forces cracked down on protesters in the aftermath of the elections , fearing the replication of a Color Revolution in Belarus . In neighboring Ukraine , Orange Revolution deposed the regime of Leonid Kuchma two years earlier and the 2005 Tulip Revolution in post-Soviet Kyrgyzstan brought down president Askar Akayev and his government . The Central Electoral Commission issued a statement Wednesday saying that it had accredited 1,015 international observers . Many remain skeptical despite the unprecedented number of contestants and international observers invited to participate in the elections . Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe has repeatedly expressed concerns over the status of civil and political rights in Belarus .	The race will determine the fate of President Alexander Lukashenko Lukashenko is regarded as "  the last dictator in Europe " by U.S. lawmakers Lukashenko is running against nine other candidates
CNN  -- The sights and sounds of rocks rolling down mountainsides are common but still captivating phenomena for the residents of the Nile Valley in central Washington state . The landslide covered up to a half-mile of Washington state Route 410 with rock up to 30 feet deep . "  Every morning I hear big rocks coming down , " said longtime valley resident Frank Koch . But a landslide over the weekend was more than Koch and the other 1,500 people in the Nile Valley bargained for . "  We just had the whole face of the mountain just pretty much come off , " said Valerie Royster , manager of the Woodshed Restaurant , which sits just across the road from the edge of the landslide . The slide covered a quarter-mile to half-mile of State Route 410 , which connects Yakima with Mount Rainier National Park , with rock up to 30 feet deep , said Washington state Department of Transportation spokesman Mike Westbay . Westbay said 25 homes had been affected by flooding and five by the landslide itself , including a mobile home that was demolished . See how slide blocked roads , moved homes " Damage was estimated at $ 20 million , but that would likely increase , said Jim Hall , director of emergency management for Yakima County . Watch aerial shots of landslide area " "  My bet is it 's probably going to be a lot more than that , ' Hall said . Roads would needed to be rebuilt or rerouted , he said , and tons and tons of rock and debris moved . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share your photos , videos The mountain 's movement attracted dozens of residents to the parking lot of the Woodshed , which Royster calls the hub of the community , on Sunday morning to take in the spectacle . "  It was a slow slide , " she told CNN by telephone Monday morning , which meant residents had enough warning to get out of their homes and to the Woodshed 's parking lot to watch nature 's majesty and fury . "  It was very loud . You could watch trees coming down " as the slide pushed the rocks in the valley 's riverbed 30 to 40 feet up the opposite bank , Royster said . Afterward , residents found river fish high and dry on the hillside , she said . Westbay said the slide was like nothing the state has seen before , in that it was n't the result of a weather or seismic event . "  We 've had rockslides , mudslides , avalanches , but nothing like this , " he said . Geologists were calling it a "  natural land movement , " he said . Westbay said the rocks had stabilized by Tuesday morning , and crews had begun work on a temporary gravel road to restore access to residents . Flooding was the biggest obstacle to that ; the slide changed the course of the Naches River , he said . For all the spectacle of the weekend , local resident Koch was impressed by something else Tuesday morning -- the government response . "  They 're out there kicking bootie today , " he said of the repair crews . "  It 's pretty amazing to see government moving that fast . "	Landslide covers half-mile of highway up to 30 feet deep Damage estimated upwards of $ 20 million in Yakima County , Washington Slide changed course of Naches River "  They 're out there kicking bootie , " resident says of government response
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The alleged surviving attacker from last month 's Mumbai terror attacks is seeking help from Pakistani officials , India said Monday . Guests arrive at the reopening of the Taj Mahal Palace hotel in Mumbai . The suspect , Mohammed Ajmal Amir Kasab , wrote a letter to Pakistan 's High Commission in India that was handed over to Pakistan 's acting high commissioner in New Delhi on Monday evening , India 's foreign ministry said . Asked about the statement , Pakistan 's foreign ministry said the government in Islamabad "  has so far not received any information or evidence relating to the Mumbai incident from the government of India . " According to India 's foreign ministry , Kasab , 21 , stated in his letter that he and the other attackers were from Pakistan and asked for a meeting with Pakistan 's High Commission . Indian authorities said Kasab had admitted he was one of 10 gunmen who attacked several targets in Mumbai on November 26 , sparking three days of battles with police and Indian troops in the heart of the city that is the hub of India 's financial and entertainment industries . India said Kasab told investigators he and the others were trained for more than a year in Pakistan by Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , a banned Islamic militant group . The attacks left more than 160 people dead , as well as nine of the gunmen . Most of the deaths occurred at the Taj Mahal Palace and the Oberoi-Trident hotels , which reopened on Sunday -- three weeks after the attacks . CNN 's Sara Sidner in New Delhi and Zein Basravi in Islamabad contributed to this report .	Alleged surviving attacker from Mumbai terror attacks seeks Pakistani help Mohammed Ajmal Amir Kasab writes letter to Pakistan 's High Commission India officials say Kasab has admitted he and other attackers were Pakistani
CNN  -- The global list of incredible viewing platforms designed to elevate your heart rate continues to grow , with Canada 's Glacier Skywalk the latest gravity-defying walkway to welcome tourists . Jutting 35 meters out the side of a cliff on Jasper National Park 's Icefields Parkway , the glass-floored observation walkway hangs 280 meters above Sunwapta Canyon . It opened to tourists May 1 after five years of design , two years of seasonal construction and a reported cost of CAD$ 21 million  $ 19 million  . In addition to the incredible views , owner Brewster Travel Canada says the attraction has an educational side . A 400-meter-long Discovery Trail cliff-edge walkway leading up to the glass platform includes multi-sensory interactive experiences centered around the glaciology , biology and ecology of Canada 's Columbia Icefield region . Visitors must take a five-minute bus transfer from the Columbia Icefield Glacier Discovery Centre to access the Skywalk , which is an hour from the town of Jasper in the Canadian Rockies . The Glacier Skywalk is open daily , May through October . Price of tickets is CAD$ 24.95 for adults and CAD$ 12.50 for children . To see how it stacks up against other global viewpoints , check out the gallery on the left . Environmentalists oppose commercial development Not everyone is thrilled with the Glacier Skywalk . Canada 's CBC website quoted Sean Nicholson of the Alberta Wilderness Association as saying this type of development does n't belong in national parks . "  They represent almost a taking over of the management of the park in a sense by commercial interests , which we do n't think is a good thing for the wildlife that live there and the ecosystem in general , " Nicholson said . Prior to the build , Brewster Travel Canada says it commissioned a 169-page environmental assessment , including a study on wildlife and vegetation . "  The assessment was reviewed by Parks Canada officials and was deemed acceptable within Parks Canada 's policy framework governing the management and protection of our national parks , " said the company . The motivation behind approving the Skywalk was to make the area more attractive to tourists , said Parks Canada in a statement . "  Parks Canada needs to become more relevant to more Canadians by providing services and activities that respond to a broader range of visitor needs and expectations , " it said . That sentiment is perhaps behind the recent news that the government body is planning to bring WiFi hotspots to at least 50 of its parks this year , claiming visitors want to be able to stay connected even in the great outdoors . Responding to widespread negative reaction to the plan , a Parks Canada official told CTV news that the wireless zones would be restricted to visitor centers and campgrounds -- "  not in the wilderness , and not in the back country . "	Canada 's new Glacier Skywalk hangs 280 meters above Sunwapta Canyon in Jasper National Park Skywalk reached by cliff-edge walkway filled with multi-sensory interactive experiences Alberta Wilderness Association says such developments do n't belong in national parks
CNN  -- At least one tornado ripped through central Arkansas Thursday evening , savaging a mobile home park and sending National Weather Service forecasters into a bunker as the storm roared overhead . "  There 's pretty extensive damage in the Little Rock area , " said John Lewis , a senior forecaster with the weather service at the North Little Rock Airport . At least four people were hurt , authorities said , but there were no reports of fatalities . "  We went into our shelter , " Lewis said . "  We could hear it ... go by . " The storm destroyed hangars at the North Little Rock Airport and tossed numerous small planes . The forecasters spent about three minutes in their shelter . "  The scariest moment of my life , " said Mike Aubrey , who was at the airport securing his plane ahead of the storm . "  Debris was flying across the ramp . Planes were beginning to stack up . " Aubrey said he saw a Douglas DC-3 , an early passenger plane , spin around . The aircraft was nowhere to be found after the tornado passed , he said . The damage extended from southwest of Little Rock to the northeast . "  There 's some structural damage in the city of Little Rock and several areas north of North Little Rock , " said John Rehrauer , spokesman for the Pulaski County Sheriff 's Department . "  A lot of trees and power lines are down . " The same storm also caused damage in southwestern Little Rock and the town of Benton , Lewis said . It also pummeled the Hurricane Lake Mobile Home Park in Saline County , about 12 miles southwest of Little Rock . Watch how tornado scares residents " More than 50 mobile homes caught fire at the mobile home park , according to CNN affiliate KARK-TV . One witness told the TV station that he escaped with his fiancee and two children after he saw the storm moving toward them . "  It 's scary , it 's like a war zone , " he told KARK-TV as a large fire burned behind them . "  There 's like five or six trailers topped up on top of each other . It 's a mess , it 's terrible . " Saline County spokesman Gary Hunnicutt there were reports of damage the Hurricane Meadows subdivision in Benton , with another 20 homes damaged in the western part of Saline County . A few miles northeast of Benton , the dashboard camera of a Bryant Police Department patrol car recorded an apparent tornado slashing through the parking lot of a car dealership . The swirling winds snap a wooden power pole as sparks and debris fill the air . Watch coverage of tornado " The weather service tracked severe storms across central Arkansas into early Friday morning . Heavy rains prompted flash flood warnings in about 20 counties . Several swift-water rescues were reported across the state as people became trapped in their vehicles by rising waters , Arkansas Emergency Management Department spokeswoman Renee Preslar said . E-mail to a friend	The storm hit parts of Saline County , about 12 miles west of Little Rock More than 50 mobile homes were reported on fire at a large mobile home park At least four people were reported injured
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Paramedics were called to Lindsay Lohan 's Los Angeles hotel room when she did not wake up from a nap Friday morning , but the actress "  is fine , " her publicist said . Lohan joked about the incident in a Twitter posting early Saturday : "  Note to self . . After working 85 hours in 4 days , and being up all night shooting , be very aware that you might pass out from exhaustion & 7 paramedics MIGHT show up @ your door ... . Hopefully theyre cute . Otherwise it would be a real let down . " Lohan , 25 , was simply sleeping after working "  a grueling schedule the past few days , " publicist Steve Honig said . She is in the middle of filming the Lifetime movie "  Liz & Dick " in which she portrays legendary actress Elizabeth Taylor . LiLo 's maybe co-star , porn actor James Deen "  She was on set last night at 7 p.m. and worked through the night until 8 a.m. this morning , " Honig said . "  She took a nap before shooting her final scene . Producers were concerned when she did not come out of her room and called paramedics as a precaution . " Paramedics determined Lohan "  is fine , but did suffer some exhaustion and dehydration . " Contrary to some media reports , she was not taken to a hospital , he said . "  She is resting now and is hoping to be back on set later this afternoon , " he said . The scare came a week after Lohan was involved in a car crash that sent her to a hospital emergency room . Lohan has spent several stints in substance abuse rehab , jail and home confinement in the past five years . Her professional life has gotten back on track in recent months and her supervised probation , stemming from two drunken driving convictions , has been lifted . Lohan 's lengthy legal history CNN 's Jack Hannah and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	NEW : Lohan jokes about the incident on Twitter Lohan was napping after "  a grueling schedule the past few days , " her publicist says "  Liz & Dick " producers call 911 when she did n't return to the set She "  is fine , but did suffer some exhaustion and dehydration , " publicist says
CNN  -- The young Afghan girl sits in the center of the room , weeping . Using her hand and her blue scarf to hide her face , she recounts how she was brutally raped by five gunmen . The 12-year-old girl , gang-raped in Afghanistan , weeps as her family demands justice . The girl 's tragic case is one of many in war-torn Afghanistan , activists say . The 12-year-old girl 's family members say they 'll take their own lives unless justice is served . "  We will all commit suicide ; this is not living , " cries the mother of the girl , whose gang-rape occurred in Northern Afghanistan . The girl 's adolescent voice pleads for help from Hamid Karzai , the president of Afghanistan . The girl 's elderly and immobilized father trembles and can only raise a quivering hand as he sobs . He is rendered helpless in a country where a man 's dignity and honor is protecting his family . Her little brother sits in the back , far too young to understand the situation but still traumatized by the devastated cries around him . He wipes away his tears . The children 's mother sobs . "  We 've been violated . We ca n't live our lives . We ca n't sit . We ca n't sleep at night , " she says . Video of the crushed family aired on the privately owned Ariana TV two weeks ago before it was posted on the Internet by an activist group , the Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan . In a country riddled with corruption , despair and lawlessness , the family has risked their lives by coming forward . They have since met with Karzai , according to an aide who said the president wept with the family and vowed to bring the perpetrators to justice . Karzai has fired the police chief from the city where the attack occurred , the aide said . The family lives in a government-provided safe house in Kabul , Afghanistan . "  This is just an example among thousands of other cases , " says Shaima , a member of RAWA . "  The rest go unnoticed by the media . " Shaima is not her real name ; she uses it to protect her identity . RAWA members themselves have often been targeted for raising taboo issues in a culture in which women and children are often treated as second-class citizens . "  Women and girls , especially young girls , are the most unprotected people of Afghanistan . They are raped , kidnapped and murdered , " Shaima says . Just last week , a 3-year-old girl was kidnapped and raped by unidentified men , a government official confirms . The toddler was later released and , the official says , is recovering . "  Rapists are roaming around with impunity , " Shaima says , turning her attention to a man -- said to be the son of a powerful official -- who is accused of raping 22 girls in the northern province of Sar-I-Pul . Sayed Nurallah says his 14-year-old daughter was one of the aforementioned victims . Nurallah says that coming forward with his daughter 's story makes him a target , which he firmly accepts . He says that seeking justice for his daughter is a matter of integrity . "  She wakes up in the middle of the night screaming , " Nurallah says of his daughter . "  Her arms , legs , her body -- she is always tense and frightened . " Nurallah also pleads for justice . "  I have one question for Mr. Karzai : If this was your little girl , what would you do ? " His firm tone changes to one of grief . He breaks into quiet sobs . "  I just want justice for my child , " he says . Shaima says justice is hard to find . "  These criminals are never brought to justice , because police and government authorities are either involved or they ca n't handle the crimes , " she explains . "  With criminals and warlords in the political scene , we can not expect justice to be served . " Another factor that impedes victims from coming forward is some interpretations of Sharia , or Islamic law . Some authorities rule for a rape to be validated , victims must have four witnesses to the crime . If not , the victims can be charged with fornication or adultery . Statistics quantifying crimes against children are hard to come by in Afghanistan , an impoverished nation ravaged by three decades of war . In March , the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission said that deteriorating security in large parts of the country , a growing culture of criminal impunity , weak law enforcement institutions , poverty and other factors had contributed to increasing violence against women , such as rape and torture . The commission also said that Afghan girls are often forced into marriages against their will . Radhika Coomaraswamy , the U.N. special representative for children in armed conflict , plans to release a report in October on the state of Afghan children . Coomaraswamy went to Afghanistan this summer to establish a monitoring and reporting system on what is deemed as grave violations committed against children . "  In many cases of violence against children , there is a sense of impunity . People continue to violate children 's rights without any sense of feeling that they will be held accountable , " Coomaraswamy said . She found that sexual violence against young boys is also a problem . In what is known as "  bacha-bazi , " or "  child 's play , " boys are forced to dress in female attire , dance and perform sexual acts . "  I ca n't think of any country in the world in which children suffer more than in Afghanistan , " Coomaraswamy says . "  In all our meetings with children , it takes a lot of time to make them smile . That to me shows that there is not happiness in their hearts . " She hopes that the monitoring program will deter people from taking advantage of the vulnerability of children in the combat zone . Coomaraswamy does concede that the Afghan government alone can not do much right now . "  War has completely destroyed that administrative infrastructure , " Coomaraswamy says , "  even if they had the laws , it is impossible to implement . "	Young rape victim 's family vows to commit suicide unless justice is served Father of another rape victim sobs : "  I just want justice " U.N. official says crimes are accompanied by a "  sense of impunity "
The new film "  Pandora 's Promise " is a love song to nuclear power that claims to be a documentary , but like all good propaganda it omits key parts of the story , overstates the positives and underplays the negatives . Built around the  false  proposition that improved quality of life requires commensurate growth in energy use  a recurring visual theme is a globe that glows brighter and brighter  , the movie presents nuclear power as the only plausible solution to global warming . No American utility today would consider building a new nuclear power plant without massive government support . Of 29 power plants on the drawing boards in 2009 , only a handful are going forward , with government help , and even those are experiencing delays and cost overruns . No major U.S. environmental group endorses nuclear power as a solution to climate change caused by fossil fuels , but this movie lionizes environmental activists who have become nuclear power enthusiasts , led by Michael Shellenberger and Stewart Brand . Shellenberger notes in the film that he at one time worked for NRDC and other major environmental groups in a consulting role . Their narratives are juxtaposed against unflattering , decades-old clips of veteran anti-nuclear activists like Helen Caldicott , Jane Fonda and Ralph Nader , suggesting that being pro-nuke is modern and hip . One of us , Cavanagh , was among about 50 people who attended a screening at Stanford University , home to the film 's science adviser , Nobel Prize-winning physicist Burton Richter . Those in the mostly empty auditorium heard one of the movie 's principal funders -- tech entrepreneur Steve Kirsch -- tell the audience beforehand that outspoken climate scientist James Hansen was an inspiration for the film . Kirsch said it was Hansen who first alerted him to the promise of the Integral Fast Reactor , which is an advanced reactor design intended to operate more safely and produce less hazardous waste than today 's plants . Hansen certainly would not agree , however , with the film 's curt dismissal of the potential contributions of energy efficiency and renewable energy resources to meeting global energy needs . Opinion : Are environmental leaders steering us toward disaster ? Integral Fast Reactor and France The still-unrealized Integral Fast Reactor is the real star of the film , along with the nation of France , whose nuclear generation program is extolled as "  one of the most inspiring stories ever "  "  the trains are electric powered , they have clean air , and they have the cheapest electricity in Europe "  . Nuclear power debates are the only places where you will ever see those at the conservative edge of the political spectrum argue that the United States should reorganize its economy to be more like France . The Clinton administration killed the Integral Fast Reactor in 1994 because of concern over the potential diversion of the plutonium fuel by terrorists and non-nuclear weapon states of concern . Yet the film 's closing argument is that a "  fourth-generation " reactor modeled on the Integral Fast Reactor will sweep the globe , burning waste created by the first three generations and "  solving " the nagging problem of long-term disposal of nuclear waste . The film fails to mention that this would take hundreds to thousands of plutonium-fueled reactors operating over hundreds of years , resulting most likely in an increase in the releases of radioactivity to the environment as a consequence of operations by the Integral Fast Reactor 's fuel processing and fabricating facilities . The film invokes Bill Gates as one of many forward-thinking new investors in nuclear innovation , but surely even Gates would recoil from the Integral Fast Reactor 's poor economic outlook compared to conventional reactors and the financial risks associated with building just one Integral Fast Reactor , let alone a global fleet of them . The film fails to acknowledge that the flagship fast reactor development efforts in the United States , France , Germany , Japan and Italy all failed , and that fast reactors were abandoned by both the U.S. and Soviet navies , hardly a strong selling point for resurrecting the Integral Fast Reactor program . Director/producer Robert Stone told the Stanford audience that he first sought financial backing from Kirsch about three years ago , which also explains one of the film 's dilemmas . It clearly was crafted initially to debunk concerns about Three Mile Island  1979  and Chernobyl  1986  , but then the Fukushima nuclear disaster inconveniently intervened  2011  . Obviously unable to ignore Fukushima , Stone had one of the narrators visit the site to wield a radiation meter and contend that the reactor accidents should have been far less newsworthy than the earthquake-generated tsunami that caused them . Still , the wrecked reactors are a nagging distraction from the film 's upbeat message , with one speaker acknowledging that "  this is not just something you can brush away . This was not supposed to happen . " Dismissing facts Meanwhile , the movie contends that anti-nuclear activists have grossly overstated radiation risks , even as it overlooks scientific findings from , for example , the World Health Organization on actual impacts of radiation releases . The film also dismisses energy efficiency in light of the allegedly inherent energy intensity of modern life , perpetuating the decade-old urban myth that a smartphone uses as much electricity as a refrigerator .  Repeated demonstrations show that if you take everything into account , a smartphone and the cloud data it uses only represent 15-20 % as much electricity as an average refrigerator . The film makes an effective case against coal combustion on public health grounds , with credible data on annual premature deaths both globally  3 million  and in the United States  13,000  . Yet this indictment promptly and unfairly broadens to cover the full universe of nuclear power skeptics : "  To be anti-nuclear is to be in favor of burning fossil fuels , " and presumably all these deaths , too . In the final sequence , an ebullient Shellenberger concludes : "  This is the beginning of something really beautiful . " Cut to that glowing globe of the Earth  without a hint of irony , but remember that these are the same people who chose to include Pandora in the title of a movie promoting nuclear power ; readers may recall that Pandora was the figure in Greek mythology who unleashed evil spirits by opening a container that was supposed to be left undisturbed  . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion .	Natural Resources Defense Council : "  Pandora 's Promise " a "  love song to nuclear power " NRDC : Film overlooks scientific statistics on radiation impacts "  Star of the film " is the Integral Fast Reactor , but the movie fails to mention downsides
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A powerful bomb planted in a car killed nine people and injured 21 others in northwest Pakistan on Wednesday , a senior police official said . The bomb rocked a neighborhood in the outskirts of Peshawar and destroyed several shops , said Peshawar police chief Liaqat Ali Khan . A police station was nearby but it 's not clear if security forces were the target of the blast , Khan said . Peshawar is the gateway to the country 's tribal region where security forces have been battling an insurgency led by the Pakistani Taliban . Local reports on Pakistani TV showed the charred remains of a car , several shops that were gutted by the explosion and rescue crews carrying victims to safety .	The blast goes off in the outskirts of Peshawar Police : It is unclear if security forces were the target of the blast
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Two people were killed and about a dozen others were injured when a bomb exploded in a Catholic church in Kathmandu on Saturday morning , police said . The damage inside the church in Kathmandu following Saturday 's bomb blast . The explosion in the Nepalese capital killed a 15-year-old girl and a 30-year-old woman . "  The bomb exploded inside the church when the explosion happened , " senior police officer Kedar Man Singh Bhandari told CNN over the phone . About 100 people were in the church when the bomb exploded , police said . Manish Amatya , who was injured , said the blast interrupted their prayers . "  There was a loud explosion while we were praying and all of us ran out screaming , " he said . Investigations are under way to determine who planted the bomb , which damaged the church . CNN 's Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report .	Explosion in Nepalese capital killed 15-year-old girl , 30-year-old woman 100 people were in the church when the bomb exploded Investigations are under way to determine who planted the bomb
Garissa , Kenya  CNN  Kenyan police have arrested five suspects in connection with Thursday 's attack at Garissa University College , Interior Minister Joseph Nkaissery said Friday , according to CNN affiliate NTV . Nkaissery told reporters the university will be able to confirm Saturday if everyone has been accounted for . Thursday 's attack by al-Shabaab militants killed 147 people , including 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel . The attack left 104 people injured , including 19 who are in critical condition , Nkaissery said . During search and recovery efforts on Friday , CNN witnessed one male who was not a student hiding under a bed . That male was taken into custody and was being treated as a suspect , sources close to the search told CNN . The find sparked an additional search of the building . Sources said three people , all students , were found alive . A female student was found under a pile of bodies , another female student was hiding in a wardrobe and a male student was hiding in the bathroom , the sources confirmed to CNN . Student Hellen Titus said she survived by fooling the attackers into thinking she was dead . After gunmen shot fellow students , she smeared their blood onto her body to make it seem she 'd been shot , too , she told CNN on Friday at a makeshift center for evacuated students . "  In the time of shooting , " she said , "  they skipped me . " Most of the victims had been shot from behind , in the back of the head , a medic told CNN . "  They 're facing down , always , " a worker with St. John 's ambulance service said Friday . "  They 're always facing down , and they 're shot in the heads , around the back . " Al-Shabaab 's long , bloody legacy with Kenya Early Thursday , an explosion and gunfire cut through the morning quiet on the campus about 90 miles  145 kilometers  from Kenya 's border with Somalia , tearing many students in dormitories out of their sleep . "  Never heard anything like this , " journalist Dennis Okari from CNN affiliate NTV tweeted as he watched smoke rising over a student hostel . Al-Shabaab gunmen had first stormed a Christian prayer service , where they killed some and took others hostage . Then they went across campus with them , shooting non-Muslims and sparing Muslims , a witness said . They headed for the hostels . Student Japhet Mwala lay in her bed . "  We were sleeping when we heard a loud explosion that was followed by gunshots , and everyone started running for safety , " she told Agence France-Presse . Awaking to terror : ' I am lucky to be alive ' "  There are those who were not able to leave the hostels where the gunmen headed and started firing . I am lucky to be alive because I jumped through the fence with other students , " she said . Students ran -- some crawled -- away from the gunfire , Okari said . At one point , the gunmen pinned down a building where 360 students lived , Interior Minister Joseph Nkaissery said . Okari took cover outside the campus and listened to explosions and gunfire for four hours . Kenyan security forces moved in and killed four gunmen . Somali terror group Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda affiliate , claimed responsibility for the attack . The Interior Ministry has posted a "  most wanted " notice for a man in connection with it . It offered a reward of 20 million Kenyan shillings , about $ 215,000 , for Mohamed Mohamud , who goes by the aliases Dulyadin and Gamadhere . The post does not say what role the man may have played . Kenyan police are circulating "  Wanted Dead or Alive " posters featuring eight terror suspects who are wanted in separate attacks in Kenya , the Interior Ministry said . Police are offering a bounty of more than $ 210,000 for the suspects , the Ministry said via Twitter . The dangerously porous border between Somalia and Kenya has made it easy for Al-Shabaab militants to cross over and carry out attacks . In a December attack at a quarry , Al-Shabaab militants separated Muslims from others and executed the non-Muslims , killing at least 36 people . In November , militants stopped a bus near the border and killed 28 people they believed to be non-Muslims . Last month , the U.S. Embassy warned of possible attacks "  throughout Kenya in the near-term " after the reported death of a key Al-Shabaab leader , Adan Garaar , who was suspected in the September 2013 Westgate Mall attack in Nairobi . Opinion : A weakened Al-Shabaab lashes out Police have declared a curfew for the next several days in the region from 6:30 p.m. to 6:30 a.m. . The Education Ministry has closed the university indefinitely . Surviving students have gathered in large groups at the town 's airport , waiting to be flown to their hometowns . The effects are also being felt 225 miles west in Kenya 's capital of Nairobi , where the new bloodshed reinvigorated an old debate : Is the nation 's security strong enough ? Many thought measures taken after the Westgate Mall massacre had filled the gaps . At least 67 people died then . But Thursday 's attack is the second-worst in the country 's history , and it has evaporated much of the confidence won after Westgate . Civil liberty concerns had held up the enrollment of 10,000 new police recruits , but on Thursday , Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta gave a directive to process them . "  Kenya badly needs additional officers , " he said , "  and I will not keep the nation waiting . " The problems plaguing Kenya 's security efforts CNN 's Christian Purefoy reported from Garissa , and CNN 's Ben Brumfield wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Brian Walker , Vasco Cotovio and Lillian Leposo also contributed to this report .	5 suspects arrested in attack on Kenyan campus , official says Student tells CNN of smearing herself with blood to escape death Al-Shabaab gunmen opened fire , and 147 people died
Guatemala City , Guatemala  CNN  -- Two fugitive brothers wanted in the much-publicized slaying of a Guatemalan lawyer last year were being held at a military base Tuesday , one day after they surrendered to authorities with a special United Nations commission , the Guatemalan Defense Ministry said . Businessmen Francisco Jose Ramon Valdes Paiz and Jose Estuardo Valdes Paiz had been sought since December on charges that they masterminded the assassination of lawyer Rodrigo Rosenberg . The lawyer left behind a videotape saying that President Alvaro Colom would be responsible if anything happened to him . The International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala , known by its Spanish acronym CICIG , determined that Rosenberg orchestrated his own death in order to implicate Colom , whom he blamed for the recent slayings of two close friends . The Valdes Paiz brothers were unaware that Rosenberg duped them into carrying out his own slaying , CICIG said in January , when the commission released the results of an eight-month investigation . Rosenberg had told them told them he was being threatened by someone and wanted that person killed , the CICIG investigation concluded . Colom had nothing to do with the killing , CICIG said . The brothers ' surrender came suddenly Monday morning when their lawyer called CICIG headquarters at 8 a.m. and said they wanted to turn themselves in , said Carlos Castresana , head of the U.N. agency . The brothers were in custody less than a half hour later , Castresana said at a news conference . The men chose to turn themselves in to CICIG out of concern for their personal safety , said Castresana , a Spanish judge . They were handed over to Guatemalan authorities . The brothers are being held at the Matamoros military base , said defense ministry spokesman Col. Byron Gutierrez . Rosenberg was shot from behind in May 2009 in a brazen daylight attack while riding his bicycle in Guatemala City , the nation 's capital . He was shot three times in the head , once in the neck and once in the back , Castresana said in January when he presented the results of the investigation . The two brothers , who own a pharmaceutical company , had been cousins of Rosenberg through a previous marriage and did not know that he was the target of the assassination , Castresana said . Rosenberg fed information to the hit squad leader that led to his own death , giving descriptions of what the target looked like and where he would be . "  It was the two brothers and no one else , " Castresana said . "  Not a politician . Not a -LSB- government -RSB- minister . Not a police chief . No one . Just these two brothers . " About 300 investigators from 11 nations reached their conclusion after an exhaustive examination of 100,000 telephone calls , 9,500 documents , surveillance videotapes and 135 interviews with 11 suspects and others , Castresana said . Colom had maintained since the May 10 slaying that he was innocent despite Rosenberg 's explosive videotape , which was made public the day after his death . Before Monday 's surrender by the brothers , Guatemalan authorities had already arrested 11 men on suspicion that they carried out the killing . Arrest warrants for the brothers were issued December 10 , Castresana said . Rosenberg recorded the tape blaming Colom three days before his death . He said Colom wanted him dead because the lawyer had been blaming the president and some of his top associates for the slaying of prominent businessman Khalid Musa and his daughter , Marjorie , the previous month . They were killed , Rosenberg said , because they had refused to participate in acts of corruption as the president wanted . Rosenberg was Musa 's attorney . Castresana indicated Rosenberg staged his own killing to get back at Colom and high-level members of his government , whom he could not prove were responsible for the Musa killings . "  He wanted to open a box of lightning and thunder , " Castresana said . Castresana pointed to several indicators of Rosenberg 's state of mind : His mother had died ; he was going through a second divorce , and his wife had taken their young children to Mexico ; he was bereft at the slaying of Marjorie Musa , with whom he had a close relationship ; and he felt a sense of powerlessness because he could not prosecute the people he believed were responsible for the Musa slayings . May 10 , the date of his killing , was Mother 's Day . In two April 21 e-mails , seven days after the Musa killings , Rosenberg wrote , "  I ca n't stop crying " and "  I feel like I 'm disintegrating , " Castresana said . Rosenberg made out his last will and testament on April 24 and started going public with his accusations against Colom regarding the Musa slayings on May 3 . On May 4 , he called a meeting at his law office and said he would be leaving the firm , in which he was a partner . The next day , Castresana said , Rosenberg asked a friend to buy two cell phones anonymously . Those cell phones , the lead investigator said , were crucial to cracking the case . Rosenberg used one of the phones to call threats to his personal cell phone and had the other delivered to the Valdes Paiz brothers , who gave it to the hit squad leader . Rosenberg then used the new cell phone he kept to give instructions to the hit squad leader through the second phone , Castresana said . Castresana detailed how the slaying apparently was meant to be paid through a check of about $ 40,000 . According to the investigator , Rosenberg told his secretary before his death that she would be receiving a check from Panama that should be delivered to the Valdes Paiz brothers . The check had been made out by Luis Alejos , a Rosenberg friend and business associate who at the time was Guatemala 's minister of communication , Castresana said . Alejos resigned from office in June , a few weeks after the slaying . After receiving the check , Francisco Jose Valdes Paiz destroyed it , Castresana said . The businessman paid the 300,000 quetzales  $ 35,900  for the assassination out of his own pocket , Castresana said . Alejos is the brother of Roberto Alejos , the president of the Guatemalan Congress , and a cousin of Gustavo Alejos , who was President Colom 's private secretary at the time . In his videotape , Rosenberg said Gustavo Alejos would be among those responsible for the lawyer 's death if it happened . "  If you are reading this message , it means that I , Rodrigo Rosenberg Marzano , was murdered by the president 's private secretary , Gustavo Alejos , and his associate Gregorio Valdez , with the approval of Mr. Alvaro Colom and -LSB- first lady -RSB- Sandra de Colom , " Rosenberg said . After the tape surfaced , Colom went on national TV with a strong denial that he or anyone mentioned in the video was involved . He expressed his sense of vindication in a televised speech in January . "  I do n't have any rancor in my heart , " Colom said . "  Just immense gratitude for those who waited patiently with us . " The United Nations established the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala in 2006 to investigate corruption and political violence . More than 200,000 people have been killed in the nation since 1970 , mostly as a result of organized crime , drug-trade violence and a 36-year civil war that ended in 1996 . There were 6,451 slayings in Guatemala in 2009 , in which only 230 verdicts were achieved , Castresana said . That means , he said , that more than 96 percent of the killings last year were not solved . Journalist Alexia Rios Hayashi contributed to this report for CNN .	Brothers turned themselves in to special U.N. commission in Guatemala They are being held at a military base Lawyer staged his own death last year , investigation shows He hired brothers but they did n't know he was targeting himself , probe finds
CNN  -- What if browsing the internet felt like playing an arcade game ? That 's the idea behind a new website called OneTrueFan , which awards points -- and potentially real prizes -- to people just for trolling around online . The site , which opened to the public late Wednesday and launched at a conference hosted by the blog TechCrunch earlier this week , intends to apply the idea of "  check-ins " to online media consumption . Smartphone apps like Foursquare and Gowalla popularized the idea of check-ins , which broadly refers to the act of telling people you 're at a certain location or that you 're doing a certain thing at that moment . It 's a concept that 's gone mainstream only recently . Facebook , with its 500 million members , picked up on the idea when it launched its "  Places " feature in August . Foursquare and others let users "  check in " to bars , restaurants and parks . Other apps like GetGlue let people check in while they 're watching movies or reading books . Now those same mechanics are coming to the internet at large . After users install a Firefox plug-in for OneTrueFan , the site automatically checks you in each time you visit a new website . If it 's your first time on the site , you get 10 points ; if you 've been there before , you get 1 point for each new page you visit within a certain domain . Those who share a link -- on Twitter , Facebook or Delicious , the bookmarking site -- are awarded with five points . People whose links actually drive traffic back to that website get one point for each click . The scores reset every two weeks . But who cares , right ? What do these points actually mean ? Eric Marcoullier , who co-founded OneTrueFan with business partner Todd Sampson , says the points create a sense of competition and community among users and could also result in real prizes . Those who visit a certain site most often are given "  One True Fan " status , similar to the "  mayor " status people achieve on Foursquare if they frequent a certain venue more often than anyone . People who have installed the OneTrueFan plug-in automatically see who is winning the race to be the biggest fan of that page . The also see the faces of other internet heads who happen to be look at the page at that time . Marcoullier says this creates an ambient feeling of community -- much the way shopping in a crowded store makes a person feel part of a group . "  When you think about it , browsing the Web is an inherently sterile , isolated experience , but there are people at the same sites you go to , " he said . "  And it 's not like you 're going to sit there and talk to them while you 're browsing . " Instead , he added , it 's nice just to know they 're there . The site awards digital "  patches " to people who complete certain challenges . For instance , if a person visits 1,000 different internet domains , he or she is awarded the "  browser " patch . Sharing 100 links gets you the "  broadcast " patch , and visiting five social networking sites in one day gets you the "  socialite " patch . All of this feeds into the competitive spirit of the site , Marcoullier said . OneTrueFan does not let users contact each other through the site , but the service links in with peoples ' Twitter and Facebook accounts , so users could get in touch that way if they wanted , he said . And as for the sites you 'd rather the world not see that you visited ? Users can undo check-ins on a particular site and their entire check-in history there will be deleted from OneTrueFan 's servers permanently , Marcoullier said . The site does not save its users ' entire browsing histories , he said . It only lists links that users have shared publicly on Facebook , Twitter and Delicious -- as well as whether a person gained or lost "  One True Fan " status on a website . As for the real rewards , some stores give freebies or discounts to people who become mayors of locations on Foursquare . In much the same way , Web companies will be able to offer prizes to the people who achieve "  One True Fan " status on their sites , Marcoullier said . For example , a tech-focused website might offer the top user a free iPod or a chance to preview an invitation-only site , he said . Marcoullier believes his plug-in makes the Web more social and fun . It 's part of the coming "  gamification " of our lives . OneTrueFan only had 700 "  alpha " users as of Wednesday , before it launched to the public , he said . Those users had to request invitations to get an "  alpha preview " of the new website . It 's not the only new site trying to push the idea of website-based check-ins . Badgeville , which was a finalist in a contest for innovative startup companies at the TechCrunch Disrupt event this week , aims to work with media companies to develop loyal website users using similar techniques . "  The Badgeville Platform offers turnkey widgets & an API that allow media sites , publishers , brands , marketers , and community managers to leverage game-based techniques to create highly engaging web experiences , " the site says in an introductory blog post . "  Users are rewarded with real-time achievements and reputation that help publishers achieve specific pre-defined and measurable business goals . " Philly.com and TechCrunch are among Badgeville 's current customers , according to a press release about the company . BigDoor Media is another company trying to sell game-like features to websites . It 's unclear , however , how users will react to these new services . In a post on the blog ReadWriteWeb , Ethan Stillman says that the new sites that are adding "  game mechanics " to websites are doing a better job than their predecessors , but that adding games to Web browsing can go terribly wrong . "  Bad game mechanics are worse than no game mechanic because of that one jarring moment when your user realizes just how crappy the game mechanic is , " he writes . "  And it 's at that moment when you have absolutely no control over where their mind wanders off to . They are flying free and you 're just a speck on the radar . " He adds : "  This is going to get nutty , and awesome , very quickly . "	The idea of the "  check in " is coming to the internet The term once referred to the idea of telling friends where you are Now it applies to sharing the websites you 're visiting OneTrueFan , Badgeville and BigDoor Media are among those competing
CNN  -- It seemed an unlikely prospect at the start of the year but Roger Federer has the very real chance of ending 2014 at the summit of the men 's game for the sixth time . Sunday saw the 33-year-old Swiss maestro cut the gap still further on Novak Djokovic by winning his hometown tournament in Basel for a sixth time with a 6-2 6-2 win over Belgium 's David Goffin . Federer has closed to less than 500 points behind his Serbian rival with a massive 2,500 points on offer for next week 's Paris Masters and the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London . The 17-time grand slam winner was year-end number one from 2004-07 and last achieved the feat in 2009 , but his fortunes have been revived under new coach Stefan Edberg . The Basel triumph is his fifth title of the year and after winning the Shanghai Masters earlier this month , beating Djokovic in the semifinals , he is on a 12-match winning streak . There was never much doubt Federer would wrap up his 82nd career title from the moment he broke Goffin in the very first game . Goffin had gone into the match off the back of 43 wins in 45 matches , some on the second-tier Challenger Tour , but could not match the excellence of his opponent . An early break in the second set set the pattern again and Federer closed out victory after just 51 minutes with an audacious drop shot . "  I 'm very happy with this week and with my season , " said Federer , who has also led Switzerland into next month 's Davis Cup final against France . "  I 've had a lot of highlights this year and I 'm hoping for one or two more , " he added . In other ATP Tour action Sunday , Britain 's Andy Murray saved five match points before beating Tommy Robredo of Spain in the final of the Valencia Open . Murray had to recover from a set down to level after a very tight second set tiebreaker , against a man he beat in the final to win the tournament in Shenzhen last month . The third set was also closely fought , with both men struggling physically . Murray emerged the winner after three hours and 19 minutes for his third title in five weeks . He moves up to fifth in the standings in the race for a place in the ATP World Tour Finals .	Roger Federer wins Basel title for sixth time Second straight title for resurgent Swiss maestro Federer closing on Novak Djokovic for No. 1 spot Andy Murray beats Tommy Robredo in marathon Valencia final
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The world 's largest , fastest fully solar-powered boat is being built in preparation for a round-the-world challenge . ` Planet Solar ' would be the world 's fastest fully solar-powered boat and is projected to cross the Atlantic in two weeks . The futuristic-looking "  Planet Solar , " which is 100 percent powered by sunlight , is the brainchild of Swiss engineer Raphael Domjan , a former paramedic with a passion for innovative design and renewable energies . The 30-meter vessel is currently being built in Kiel , Germany , and will be finished early next year . If all goes according to plan , the boat will begin sailing summer 2010 -- first in European waters and then around the world . The boat can travel at up to 14 knots  26k/m  and would be the first solar-powered boat to travel at such high speeds . It is projected to be able to cross the Atlantic in just two weeks . Domjan hopes his ambitious , $ 11.5 million  $ 8 million  project will prove that boats can travel at high speeds without emitting any carbon dioxide . " -LSB- I -RSB- want to show that we can change , that solutions exist and that it 's not too late , " Domjan writes on his Web site . "  Using technology and our knowledge to better promote renewable energies is the way towards a lasting world . " Planet Solar will be covered in 470 square meters of solar panels -- the equivalent of two tennis courts . This means it will have particularly high energy absorption . See more images of the solar-powered boat " Twenty-three percent of absorbed sunlight will be converted into energy that the boat can run on , compared with 17 percent for average panels , according to Planet Solar 's project manager , Danny Faigaux of Grand Chelem Management . "  The first man sailed around the world 500 years ago and Raphael thought it was about time we did it in a different way , " Faigaux told CNN . But relying purely on solar energy may prove difficult in areas of the world where bad weather prevents sunlight from penetrating the clouds . Batteries on Planet Solar will be able to store enough energy gathered from the sun to allow the boat to sail in poor conditions for three days , said Faigaux . If cloudy weather persists for more than three days , the vessel will run into real difficulties . To avoid this eventuality , the team has partnered with the French meteorological institute , "  Meteo France . " The institute will update Planet Solar 's skippers on which routes to avoid . Famous French sailor Gerard D'Abouville will skipper the boat alongside Domjan . D'Abouville is the first man to have rowed across both the Atlantic and the Pacific and has long been involved with sustainable development . In April 2011 after a short tour of Europe , Planet Solar will embark on a round-the-world tour , stopping in dozens of cities along the way . Wherever the boat goes , Domjan hopes to teach people about alternative ways of consuming energy . At each port-of-call he plans to set up a portable "  educational village " made from inflatable material . Up to 500 people at any one time will be will be able to visit the village 's three inflatable "  spheres " to learn more about Planet Solar , ecology and economy . "  This situation is also an opportunity , " said Domjan . "  The dilution of our resources and fossil fuels and climate change forces us to rethink our societies . "	World 's largest , fastest fully solar-powered boat is attempting round-the-world tour "  Planet Solar " has 470 square meters of panels -- equivalent to two tennis courts Vessel can travel at up to 26 k/h and is projected to cross Atlantic in two weeks
CNN  -- At the age of 5 , NASCAR driver Denny Hamlin knew something was n't quite right with his cousin . "  I remember going to his house and I never understood why he had to take so much medicine every single day . I just did n't understand it and really until I got a little bit older did I realize that he had a disease that there was no cure for , " Hamlin says . Hamlin 's cousin Kevin Jones has cystic fibrosis , a chronic disease that affects the lungs and digestive system . According to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation , those affected by the disease have a defective gene that causes the body to produce abnormally thick mucus , which can cause the lungs to clog and lead to life-threatening lung infections . It can also block the pancreas and make it difficult for the body to break down food . The cousins grew up together and watching Jones battle the disease profoundly affected Hamlin . "  He 's  Jones  had a couple lung transplants that have been successful , which is really good and he leads a very normal life . But for me it touched me , knowing that one of my family members had to go through that struggle every single day , " says Hamlin . His cousin is never far from his mind , even when he climbs into his race car every week to compete in NASCAR 's elite series . "  We 've always run a slogan on the back of our race car ever since I was 16 -- "  so close yet so far , " which is the slogan of the Cystic Fibrosis  Foundation  , because they are so close to having a cure . " The effects of watching Jones ' struggle ultimately led Hamlin to establish the Denny Hamlin Foundation in 2008 . The foundation 's primary goals are to raise awareness and funds for children dealing with cystic fibrosis . In the foundation 's short existence , it has raised more than a million dollars for the cause . The Hamlin foundation contributes to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation as well as to several children 's hospitals that treat kids with this disease . One such hospital is the Children 's Hospital of Richmond at VCU in Hamlin 's hometown . He has donated to the hospital 's clinic and research lab . "  The research center at VCU has really done a great job of welcoming us in and we 've contributed a lot of money to them because they do a lot of the research for cystic fibrosis . They 've shown significant gains as far as trying to find a cure for it in just the last few years and I 'd like to think we had something to do with that , " Hamlin says . The connection between Hamlin and the people at VCU is obvious . He relates to the young patients he visits with , but the staff as well . Banners bearing his picture hang throughout the clinic , as well as messages wishing him good luck in his attempt to win a NASCAR championship . In the restricted area of the research lab , appreciation and understanding of the gift he has given is deeply felt . There is a tiny cardboard cutout of Hamlin in his race suit on top of a refrigerator that contains cells . Staff members joke that they call him the Guardian of the Cells . Hamlin 's quiet determination is clear on his face . He is dedicated to fighting for his cousin and all who suffer the same turbulent life . According to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation , the current median age of survival is late 30s . This is not enough for Hamlin . He says he will continue to raise money through events like his Short Track Showdown and a celebrity golf tournament . He will march on in his fight until , as he says , C.F. no longer stands for cystic fibrosis , but "  eventually we hope C.F. means cure found . "	NASCAR driver Denny Hamlin is dedicated to raising money to find a cystic fibrosis cure Hamlin was inspired by his cousin Kevin , who has cystic fibrosis Hamlin established the Denny Hamlin Foundation to raise money and awareness for this disease Foundation contributes to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation as well as several children 's hospitals
CNN  -- Calls by Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary Hillary Clinton to "  unite the world in the isolation of and dealing with the Iranians , " in response to an alleged Iranian plot to kill Saudi Arabia 's Ambassador in Washington , reflect a hubristic misapprehension of reality . The Obama Administration mistakenly believes it can exploit the accusations for strategic advantage . In fact , they are likely to play to Iran 's advantage , not America 's . The U.S. foreign policy community profoundly misunderstands the Islamic Republic 's national security strategy . The Islamic Republic seeks to defend itself not primarily by conventional military power , in which it is deficient , but by forging ties to proxy allies around the region-actors with the ability to affect on-the-ground outcomes in key regional settings who are inclined to cooperate with Tehran . In some cases , these actors are discrete political movements , often with paramilitary capabilities , for example , Hezbollah in Lebanon and Shia political parties-cum-militias in Iraq . In other situations , Tehran sees public opinion as its chief ally . By contrasting some regimes ' cooperation with the United States and Israel with its own posture of "  resistance " to American and Israeli ambitions to regional hegemony , Tehran cultivates "  soft power " across the Middle East . Iran conceives its strategy , especially in a period of relative decline in America 's standing , as one that constrains unfriendly regimes in the short term and undermines them in the longer term . Over the last decade , it has helped the Islamic Republic reap significant political and strategic gains in important theaters across the Middle East-Iraq , Lebanon , the Palestinian territories . With the advent of the Arab awakening at the end of last year , Iranian decision-makers are confident that some Arab states ' shift toward governments more reflective of their peoples ' attitudes and concerns-and , hence , more inclined to pursue more independent foreign policies vis- - vis the United States and Israel-will work to Iran 's advantage . Iranian policymakers correctly calculated that virtually any successor to Saddam Hussein 's regime in Iraq would be a net positive for Iranian interests . Now , they calculate that a successor to the Mubarak regime in Egypt is bound to be less enthusiastic about strategic cooperation with the United States and Israel and more receptive to Iran 's message of resistance . Iran 's strategy toward Saudi Arabia runs very much along these lines . Tehran 's approach is to highlight Saudi collusion with Washington and  at least indirectly  with Israel on important regional issues , thereby attracting support from ordinary Saudis-not just Saudi Shia but also Sunnis who dislike their government 's pro-American stance . In the short term , Iran seeks to constrain the Saudi government from cooperating in military strikes or other coercive actions against it by making this an unpopular prospect for much of the Saudi population . In the longer term , Iran is working to transform the regional balance of power from one in which the United States , the Saudis , and other American allies dominate to one in which American , Israeli , and Saudi influence is marginalized by the diplomatic realignment of Lebanon , the Palestinian territories , Turkey , post-Saddam Iraq , and now Egypt . The Saudi leadership tries to push back by portraying Iran as an "  alien " , Shia/Persian element in its environment . At times , this helps the Kingdom hold the line against the Islamic Republic 's soft power offensive . But the long-term trend is toward rising Iranian influence . In this context , the notion of an Iranian government plot to assassinate the Saudi Ambassador to the United States simply has no logic . History also suggests we treat the Obama Administration 's claims of Iranian government complicity with deep skepticism . For eight years , during 1980-1988 , the fledgling Islamic Republic had to defend itself against a war of aggression launched by Saddam Hussein -- a war of aggression financed primarily by Saudi Arabia . Nearly 300,000 Iranians were killed in that war . But , during the entire conflict , the Iranian government never targeted a single Saudi anywhere in the world . This is not because the Islamic Republic loves the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia . It is because Iran 's national security strategy ultimately depends on appealing to the Saudi public not to support attacks against Iran , by harnessing popular anger over Israeli actions and U.S. overreach in the war on terror . Killing a Saudi Ambassador would have exactly the opposite effect . Whatever Mansour Ababsiar and his cousin may have talked about , it is wholly implausible that the Iranian leadership decided that this was a smart thing to do . The Obama Administration 's calls for more concerted action against Iran will ultimately backfire-because they will be seen in most of the Muslim world  outside Saudi Arabia and Gulf Arab monarchies closely linked to Saudi Arabia  as the United States yet again leveling dubious life-and-death charges as the pretext to contain or even eliminate another Muslim power . President Obama , his advisers , and all Americans need to ask themselves if this is really the time to bring the United States even closer to another Middle East war fought in blind defiance of the region 's strategic realities . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Flynt Leverett and Hillary Mann Leverett .	Flynt Leverett and Hillary Mann Leveret say Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton reflect a hubristic version of reality They also say U.S. foreign policy misunderstands the Islamic Republic 's national security strategy And that Saudi leadership is trying to push back by portraying Iran as an "  alien " , Shia/Persian element in its environment The Obama Administration 's "  calls for more concerted action against Iran will ultimately backfire "
John Kerry was n't the first to use the A-word -- apartheid -- when talking about Israel , and he likely wo n't be the last . Even some Israeli leaders have mentioned the word that basically means "  separate " in describing the eventual result if a Jewish state had a Palestinian majority in some areas , such as currently exists in the West Bank . However , the U.S. secretary of state touched a diplomatic live wire last week when he predicted an apartheid situation if Israel and the Palestinians fail to agree on a two-state solution for their decades-long conflict . Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , a tea party favorite and possible presidential candidate , called for Kerry 's resignation , while pro-Israel groups accused America 's top diplomat of inappropriate language and insensitivity . The backlash reflected both the hyper-partisanship of a U.S. election year and the high stakes of Middle East peace talks pushed by Kerry that have effectively broken down in the latest episode of a dispute that seems to define the word intractable . "  Unwise , ill-timed and ill-advised " "  This was unwise , ill-timed and ill-advised for sure , but it 's not going to make much of a difference frankly in the overall arc of the process that 's promising only diminishing returns , " said Aaron David Miller , a former U.S. negotiator on the Israel-Palestinian issue . Kerry issued a statement on Monday acknowledging he used the wrong word in comments to a closed-door meeting of the Trilateral Commission of private sector leaders from North America , Europe and Asia . At the same time , he vigorously defended his long-held support for Israel and commitment to finding a two-state solution to the Middle East conflict . "  I will not allow my commitment to Israel to be questioned by anyone , particularly for partisan , political purposes , so I want to be crystal clear about what I believe and what I do n't believe , " he said . "  I have been around long enough to also know the power of words to create a mis-impression , even when unintentional , and if I could rewind the tape , I would have chosen a different word to describe my firm belief that the only way in the long term to have a Jewish state and two nations and two peoples living side by side in peace and security is through a two-state solution , " he added . Apartheid was the reviled system of racial segregation implemented by the white-minority government in South Africa for decades before the country transitioned to a multiparty democracy that was first led by Nelson Mandela . A series of laws determined where black South Africans could live , work and go to school , who they could marry , and even which beaches they could use . The intent was to maintain power for the white minority while stripping blacks of all rights of citizenship . In the rhetoric of the Middle East dispute , Palestinian nationalists and others have accused Israel of apartheid-like policies , an accusation vehemently denied by Israeli authorities . Palestinians with citizenship rights comprise a minority of Israel 's population , but non-citizen Palestinians in the West Bank and other territories face severe security restrictions that limit their movement and other basic freedoms . Palestinians in Israel Some Israeli officials have acknowledged that failure to reach a peace agreement that creates a Palestinian state alongside the Jewish state would result in non-Israeli Palestinians living in Israel without the same rights as Israeli citizens , including the right to vote . "  As long as in this territory west of the Jordan River there is only one political entity called Israel , it is going to be either non-Jewish or non-democratic , " former Prime Minister Ehud Barak said in 2010 when he was defense minister . "  If this bloc of millions of Palestinians can not vote , that will be an apartheid state . " Other Israelis who have warned about a future apartheid state include former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni , the government 's chief negotiator . Kerry 's statement cited such comments , saying that "  in the long term , a unitary , binational state can not be the democratic Jewish state that Israel deserves or the prosperous state with full rights that the Palestinian people deserve . " Like Kerry , Israeli officials also have warned of potential increased violence from a growing Palestinian independence movement without a two-state agreement , as well as possible increased international condemnation for the situation on the ground . Tuesday was the nine-month deadline Kerry set last year for coming up with some form of agreement in the talks . Despite Kerry 's repeated trips to the region to try to push the negotiations forward , the process hit a road block last week when the Palestinians announced they would combine rival movements Fatah and Hamas to form a unity government . Israel 's Security Cabinet subsequently announced the country wo n't hold talks with a Palestinian government that includes Hamas , which the United States considers a terrorist organization . International pressure Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat issued a statement Tuesday that blamed Israel for the breakdown in the talks and said "  we believe that the international community must now do what is needed , in order to make clear to Israel that choosing settlements and apartheid over peace has a political , legal and economic cost . " Kerry 's controversial comments were reported Sunday by the Daily Beast , based on a secret recording of his remarks . Before his statement Monday that served as confirmation of the Daily Beast report , critics attacked . The American Israel Public Affairs Committee called the apartheid remark "  deeply troubling , " while Abraham Foxman , national director of the Anti-Defamation League , issued a statement calling reports that Kerry used such language "  startling and deeply disappointing . " "  Even if he used the repugnant language of Israel 's adversaries and accusers to express concern for Israel 's future , it was undiplomatic , unwise and unfair , " Foxman said . "  Such references are not seen as expressions of friendship and support . " House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , a Virginia Republican who is the highest-ranking Jewish member of Congress , said the word apartheid "  has routinely been dismissed as both offensive and inaccurate , and Secretary Kerry 's use of it makes peace even harder to achieve . " Cruz said Kerry should step down because "  there is no place for this word in the context of the state of Israel . " On Tuesday , other Republicans also weighed in . "  The secretary of state of the United States -- his words or her words -- carry great weight , " GOP Sen. John Barrasso of Wyoming told MSNBC . "  And I think what the secretary said was hurtful and harmful and he should have apologized . " U.S. politics at play Some Democrats also criticized Kerry . Alaska Sen. Mark Begich chided him for improperly expressing his frustration over the foundering peace talks . Begich faces a tough re-election race in November in his traditionally Republican state . Support for Israel is an essential policy for candidates seeking to win votes from the political right and center . Meanwhile , some pro-Israel voices backed Kerry 's analysis of the situation . In a statement on its website , the U.S. group J Street said "  Israel today is not an apartheid state , and that 's not what Secretary of State Kerry said . " "  For over a year now , Kerry has argued that , without a two-state solution , Israel is risking its future and its values as it moves toward permanent rule over millions of Palestinians without equal rights , " said the J Street statement . "  Former Prime Ministers Ehud Barak and Ehud Olmert have used the ` apartheid ' term as well to describe this possible future . Instead of putting energy into attacking Secretary Kerry , those who are upset with the secretary 's use of the term should put their energy into opposing and changing the policies that are leading Israel down this road . " At the State Department on Tuesday , spokeswoman Jen Psaki made a similar point when reporters grilled her about whether Kerry 's statement the night before amounted to an apology . "  He still believes that , as many Israeli officials have stated , there would be challenges to a unitary state , " Psaki said . Former President Jimmy Carter came under similar criticism when he published a book on the Middle East conflict titled "  Palestine : Peace , Not Apartheid " in 2006 . "  Most of the criticisms of the book have been the one word in the title , ` apartheid , ' " Carter said in 2007 , adding that the "  mandatory separation " inside the Palestinian territories and "  terrible persecution and oppression of the Palestinians by the Israelis " was "  a basic issue that has got to be corrected before Israel can have peace . "	Sec . Kerry takes heat for saying what some Israeli leaders have expressed Critics call Kerry 's remarks "  undiplomatic , " "  ill-advised " The backlash reflects U.S. election-year politics and the volatile Middle East conflict State Department : Kerry used the wrong word to make his point
CNN  -- So now we know -- there wo n't be a Neanderthal moving into your neighborhood . Despite a lot of frenzied attention to the intentionally provocative suggestion by a renowned Harvard scientist that new genetic technology makes it possible to splice together a complete set of Neanderthal genes , find an adventurous surrogate mother and use cloning to gin up a Neanderthal baby -- it ai n't gon na happen anytime soon . Nor should it . But there are plenty of other things in the works involving genetic engineering that do merit serious ethical discussion at the national and international levels . Some thought that the Harvard scientist , George Church , was getting ready to put out an ad seeking volunteer surrogate moms to bear a 35,000-year-old , long-extinct Neanderthal baby . Church had to walk his comments back and note that he was just speculating , not incubating . Still cloning carries so much mystery and Hollywood glamour thanks to movies such as "  Jurassic Park , " "  The Boys From Brazil " and "  Never Let Me Go " that a two-day eruption of the pros and cons of making Neanderthals ensued . That was not necessary . It would be unethical to try and clone a Neanderthal baby . Why ? Because there is no obvious reason to do so . There is no pressing need or remarkable benefit to undertaking such a project . At best it might shed some light on the biology and behavior of a distant ancestor . At worst it would be nothing more than the ultimate reality television show exploitation : An "  Octomom " - like surrogate raises a caveman child -- tune in next week to see what her new boyfriend thinks when she tells him that there is a tiny addition in her life and he carries a small club and a tiny piece of flint to sleep with him . The downsides of trying to clone a Neanderthal include a good chance of killing it , producing a baby that is seriously deformed , producing a baby that lacks immunity to infectious diseases and foods that we have gotten used to , an inability to know what environment to create to permit the child to flourish and a complete lack of understanding of what sort of behavior is "  normal " or "  appropriate " for such a long-extinct cousin hominid of ours . When weighed against the risks and the harm that most likely would be done , it would take a mighty big guarantee of benefit to justify this cloning experiment . I am willing to venture that the possible benefit will never , ever reach the point where this list of horrible likely downsides could be overcome . Even justifying trying to resurrect a woolly mammoth , or a mastodon , or the dodo bird or any other extinct animal gets ethically thorny . How many failures would be acceptable to get one viable mastodon ? Where would the animal live ? What would we feed it ? Who would protect it from poachers , gawkers and treasure hunters ? It is not so simple to take a long dead species , make enough of them so they do n't die of isolation and lack of social stimulation and then find an environment that is close enough and safe enough compared with that which they once roamed . In any event the most interesting aspects of genetic engineering do not involve making humans or Neanderthals or mammoths . They involve ginning up microbes to do things that we really need doing such as making clean fuel , sucking up carbon dioxide , cleaning fat out of our arteries , giving us a lot more immunity to nasty bacteria and viruses and helping us make plastics and chemicals more efficiently and cheaply . In trying to make these kinds of microbes , you can kill all you want without fear of ethical condemnation . And if the new bug does not like the environment in which it has to exist to live well , that will be just too darn bad . The ethical challenge of this kind of synthetic biology is that it can be used by bad guys for bad purposes . Biological weapons can be ginned up and microbes created that only infect people with certain genes that commonly associate with racial or ethnic groups . Rather than worry about what will happen to real estate values should a new crop of "  Flintstones " move in down the street , our public officials , religious groups and ethicists need to get serious about how much regulation the genetic engineering of microbes needs , how can we detect what terrorists might try to use , what sort of controls do we need to prevent accidents and who is going to pay if a bug turns out to cause more harm than good . We love to think that the key to tomorrow lies in what humanity can be designed or empowered to do . Thus , the fascination with human cloning . In reality , at least for a long time to come , the future belongs to what we can do to design and control microbes . That is admittedly duller , but it is far better to follow a story that is true than one such as Neanderthal cloning that is pure , speculative fantasy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arthur Caplan .	Arthur Caplan : It would be unethical to try and clone a Neanderthal baby Caplan : Downsides include a good chance of producing a baby that is seriously deformed He says the future belongs to what we can do to genetically engineer and control microbes Caplan : Microbes can make clean fuel , suck up carbon dioxide , clean fat out of arteries
CNN  -- Not content with having the world 's best player , Lionel Messi , on their books , Barcelona have moved to sign Pele 's "  modern successor " -- Neymar . A day after Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 2-1 in the Champions League final at Wembley to be crowned Kings of Europe , it was announced that the much coveted Brazilian striker would join Barcelona for five years . The transfer fee was n't disclosed , but one Brazilian newspaper said the buyout clause surpassed $ 80 million . The move , on paper , should boost a Barcelona side that features an ageing Xavi , Andres Iniesta and Carles Puyol , three club stalwarts . Midfielder Cesc Fabregas and forward Alexis Sanchez have struggled , many would say , since joining from Arsenal and Udinese , respectively . Barcelona might have won the Spanish league title , but it was crushed by Bayern Munich in the Champions League semifinals . The defeat stung . Some labeled Barcelona a one-man team after losing 7-0 on aggregate , referring to four-time world player of the year Messi . Messi was inhibited by a hamstring injury in the first leg and did n't play at all in the second . Without him , Barcelona offered little resistance . Pele , considered one of the greatest football players of all time , said last year that Neymar -- his fellow Brazilian -- was even better than Messi , an Argentinean . Barcelona lavished praise on Neymar , too . "  The player is known for his exquisite technical skills , which makes this free-scoring striker a nightmare for any defense , " Barcelona said on its Web site . "  His style is beautiful to watch and he has received recognition and praise from the legendary Pele himself , of whom many believe he is the modern successor . " Neymar , the current South American player of the year , revitalized Santos , Pele 's former club , scoring 138 goals in only 229 matches . He helped Santos win the 2011 Copa Libertadores and the 2010 Brazilian Cup . With Neymar expected to move on when his contract was due to expire next year , a transfer to Europe was widely anticipated . He had been previously linked with Barcelona , as well as Chelsea and Real Madrid , among other clubs . Last week Santos said it had accepted offers from two teams . At 21 , he is an established international with Brazil and will be counted on to lead the nation in next year 's World Cup on home soil , although he has also drawn criticism from Pele for some of his outings . Neymar struggled in the 2012 Olympic final against Mexico . Fellow Brazilian international Thiago Silva defended him . "  Our biggest star nowadays is Neymar and I think people have to have a little bit more respect with the professional that is Ney , " he told CNN . "  He 's a great guy with a very pure and good heart and people sometimes make things up and start talking rubbish where there 's nothing to talk about . "  I would like to ask for people to have a bit more patience with him because he 's our biggest star at the moment . " Neymar 's last game for Santos comes Sunday against Flamengo as the Brazilian season 's opening weekend began . "  My feelings for the club and the fans will never change , " Neymar said . "  I made it sure that I play  the last match  so I can have the opportunity to once again enter the field wearing the team 's jersey and to hear the  fans  chant my name . "  Only a club like Santos FC could give me everything I have experienced on and off the field . I thank the wonderful fans who supported me even in the most difficult moments . Titles , goals , dribbling , celebrations and songs that fans created for me will be forever in my heart . " Neymar was n't only a success on the pitch in Brazil . He earns a reported $ 20 million a year in salary and endorsements , and he was recently named SportsPro 's most marketable athlete for a second consecutive time . Santos said it tried to convince Neymar to stay . "  Every effort was made to keep him in Brazil as long as possible , even offering to renew the current contract , which ends in July 2014 , " Santos said in a statement . "  At this time , however , it was not possible to compete with the terms offered from abroad , which affected the decision of the player to review his professional life . "	Brazilian striker Neymar will join Barcelona for the next five seasons Neymar was being chased by several European clubs , including Chelsea Neymar was recently named the world 's most marketable athlete for a second time
Hong Kong  CNN  A daring cross-border raid by one of Russian President Vladimir Putin 's associates has -- so far -- yet to sour Sino-Russian relations . According to Chinese state media , Ustin , one of three rescued Amur tigers released by the Russian leader earlier this year , has attacked a herd of goats on Heixiazi Island in the northern province of Heilongjiang . The region shares a border with Russia 's far-eastern Amur region , and it is thought that the tiger crossed the Heilongjiang river to hunt . Russian conservationists rescued five cubs in 2012 , and the Russian president was on hand for their release following rehabilitation and hunting training . The animals were fitted with tracking devices and in October , Ustin , along with another released tiger , Kuzya , were found to have made their way to China . A wildlife protection expert from China 's Northeast Forestry University , Zhu Shibing , said that footprints and other traces left near the goat 's shelter belonged to Ustin . Chinese news agency Xinhua reported that the skulls of the two dead goats were crushed and had puncture wounds the "  size of a human finger " -- a testament to the power of the tiger 's bite . Three further goats remain missing . "  Our monitoring data and this attack all tell that Ustin is in good physical condition , and has a large range of activities on Heixiazi Island , " Xinhua quoted Zhu as saying . He also warned villagers to keep their distance , should they spot the goat killer , and to not throw food at it . Kuzya , the other tiger known to have crossed into China , was previously blamed for an attack on a Chinese hen-house . The Russian leader has been involved in conservation efforts of the species . He is often photographed with tigers and other wild animals , and takes part in a number of outdoor activities in an apparent effort to bolster his image as a strong , intrepid leader . Putin becomes eighth-degree karate black belt	Tiger released by Russian President Vladimir Putin thought to have attacked goats in China Dead goats have ` finger-sized ' holes in their skulls , consistent with a tiger bite This is not the first raid blamed on a tiger released by Putin
As the European Union continues its expansion into Eastern Europe and the Balkans , Serbia 's Prime Minister says he is "  certain " his country will be the bloc 's next member . Ivica Dacic told CNN : "  We would like Serbia to become a member of the European Union as quickly as possible . " Serbia is aiming to become the third country from former Yugoslavia to join Europe 's political and economic union , following in the footsteps of Slovenia and neighbor Croatia , who joined earlier this year . But Dacic believes Serbia does not have "  a lot of time to wait " as its economy has suffered "  great consequences " following the breakup of former Yugoslavia in the 1990s . Read more : Croatia looks to oil and gas fields in Adriatic Sea "  The rate of unemployment is the biggest problem , " Dacic said , referring to Serbia 's 25 % unemployment rate , which sits below only Spain and Greece in the EU . He added that "  discussing economic reforms in Serbia is futile " until industrial productivity increases . Dacic also highlighted the importance of foreign investment to country 's economic prospects . Read more : Germany 's modest Mutti Merkel is no Iron Lady Thatcher "  These foreign investments will not happen if Serbia is not a part of the modern world , " Dacic said . Serbia 's economy contracted 1.7 % in 2012 , according to Eurostat estimates , due to its close ties with embattled eurozone nations . Serbia , which has a lower minimum wage than China , is also struggling to cope with an exodus of skilled workers , as the country 's young leave in search of work abroad . The phenomenon has left the country heavily reliant on remittance income . Read more : Croatia PM : We need Italy to recover EU membership is a chance for Serbia to join the world 's largest trading bloc and will offer access to funding for infrastructure projects and the country 's poorer regions . But Dacic said : "  We do n't see the European Union accession as a straightforward financial aid package , or that it would enable our citizens to work in other countries across Europe . " Despite Serbia 's ambitions , accession can be a slow process . Croatia only joined the EU as its 28th member in July after talks to join officially opened in 2005 . Read more : Did Croatia get lucky on EU membership ? Although the EU never gives specific time frames on accession , Dacic is confident Serbia will join Europe 's exclusive club within the next 10 years . Peter Stano , a spokesman for European Enlargement Commissioner Stefan Fule , told CNN that the speed of accession depends "  solely " on Serbia . He said : "  Serbia has already met the political and economic criteria needed to become candidate status and to start the negotiations . " James Ker-Lindsay , a Balkans expert and author of ` Kosovo : The Path to Contested Statehood in the Balkans ' estimates that the process will take eight to ten years . He told CNN : "  It might well be the case that Montenegro , which has already started EU accession talks , is going to be the next one to join ... getting Montenegro ready for membership is likely to be easier . " Serbia also faces questions over Kosovo , after it declared independence in 2008 . Serbia does not recognize the declaration , and the European Union is trying to encourage talks between the two sides . Dacic said : "  We have always made it clear that we can not and will not try to bring our problems to the EU with us . This is another reason why we are conducting this open dialogue in order to normalize the relationship and solve our problems before accession . " Kosovo was plunged into war in the late 1990s , pitting Kosovo Albanian insurgents against Serb security forces and Belgrade-backed Kosovo Serb paramilitaries . William Bartlett , author of ` Europe 's Troubled Region , ' believes EU membership for Serbia will help ease some of the political tensions with Kosovo . He said : "  By reducing political tensions , you are reducing country risk for investors and that will have a positive knock on effect for the economy . "	In 2012 , the Serbian economy posted negative growth of 1.7 % , according to Eurostat estimates Serbian Prime Minister Dacic said : European Union accession is not financial aid package Serbia 's unemployment rate is at 25 % , only Greece and Spain are higher in Europe
CNN  -- First , Air Canada decided to suspend all of its flights to Venezuela in late March . And now , Alitalia is following suit . In a statement sent to CNN , the Italian airline says that it 's suspending the flights "  due to the ongoing critical currency situation in Venezuela , " which is "  no longer economically sustainable . " The suspension goes into effect on June 2 . For the last 11 years , Venezuela has tightly controlled all cash flow within its borders . Under the Venezuelan system , all money collected in ticket sales has to be deposited into an account controlled by the government . No funds can be withdrawn from the account without permission from the officials who control it . The government sets exchange rates for different sectors of the economy , according to priorities also set by officials . "  The bottom line is the airlines are asking for their money ; the money that they 've earned for services provided in transporting passengers from and to Venezuela . Unfortunately , again , the government is holding that money and not releasing it to the airlines , " said Peter Cerda , regional vice president for the International Air Transport Association , which represents airlines around the world . He calls the situation "  an urgent issue . " In an interview with CNN , Cerda said Alitalia is not the only airline facing problems . In fact , he says , Venezuela owes 24 airlines around the world a combined $ 4 billion . Cerda also says in the last year , 11 other airlines have reduced their number of flights to and from Venezuela for the same reason . This year , Colombia 's Avianca has reduced itineraries by more than two-thirds . Other airlines represented by the International Air Transport Association are considering suspending all flights to Venezuela . "  We may begin to see a trend of other airlines following suit because simply an airline can not continue to operate if they 're not going to be paid for their services , " Cerda said . The International Air Transport Association has been in negotiations with the Venezuelan government for the last six months . The last meeting happened a month and a half ago , according to Cerda . He says that even though officials have given them assurances they will make arrangements to pay , they have yet to see a proposal in writing . Discussions to pay off the debt have involved a combination of payments in fuel , cash and bonds . CNN reached out to the Venezuelan officials for comment about Alitalia 's decision , but a spokesman said there 's no official reaction yet . Addressing the issue in late March , President Nicolas Maduro did n't sound very conciliatory . "  Airlines have no excuse to reduce flights to Venezuela . I will take severe measures against any airline that does so . If an airline chooses to leave the country , it wo n't come back as long as we 're the government . They will have to overthrow us . They wo n't return . I 'm telling this to the owners of international airlines , " he said . Reacting to Air Canada 's decision to suspend flights to Venezuela in late March , Transportation Minister Hebert Garcia said Venezuela remains a very attractive destination , regardless of any actions taken by the airlines . "  Canadians will still keep on flying to Venezuela . I 'm sure of that . Venezuela is a very safe country with excellent tourism alternatives like Margarita Island , " he said . But airline executives and travelers are concerned about the recent social unrest in the South American country . Violent anti-government protests have left more than 40 people dead and around 800 injured in the last three months . All hope is not lost . Alitalia executives say they would consider resuming flights "  once the situation has stabilized , " a position shared by other airlines .	Italian airline cites "  ongoing critical currency situation " for its flight suspensions In Venezuela , money from airline ticket sales goes into a government account "  The government is holding that money and not releasing it to the airlines , " trade group VP says 11 others have cut flights , and Venezuela owes 24 airlines a combined $ 4 billion , he says
CNN  -- Hosts New Zealand reached the final of the Rugby World Cup with a 20-6 win over Australia Sunday at Eden Park in Auckland . They will play France next Sunday on the same ground in a repeat of the 1987 final , which they won 29-9 and remains their only World Cup triumph . The All Blacks dominated from the start against their Tasman rivals and scored the only try of the match through centre Ma'a Nonu in the sixth minute . It followed a brilliant run and pass by full-back Israel Dagg and they were 14-6 in front at the interval . Two second half penalties from scrum-half Piri Weepu , taking over the kicking role from the injured Dan Carter , sealed victory for a relieved home team who carried huge weight of expectation . Australia will play Wales in the third place playoff next Friday but could have few complaints about the result of the match . France edge 14-man Wales in semifinal "  It was an outstanding performance . I 'm very proud of them . We just need to regroup next week and do the same thing , " said New Zealand coach Graham Henry . "  The guys ' character was superb and you ca n't ask for more than that . Everyone on the field gave 100 per cent , so it 's a good feeling to have the job done , " he told AFP . It went wrong from the start for Australia as their playmaker Quade Cooper sent his kick straight into touch to put his team under immediate pressure . From that passage of play , Dagg beat Anthony Fainga'a and Rocky Elsom to send Nonu over . Scrum half Weepu missed the conversion in a nervy start but was on target with a penalty after Australia flanker David Pocock was pulled up for a ruck infringement . James O'Connor had the Wallabies on the board with a penalty but New Zealand fly-half Aaron Cruden , playing after groin injuries ruled both Carter and Colin Slade out of the World Cup , put his team further ahead with a 22nd minute drop-goal . Cooper pulled it back to 11-6 for Australia with a neatly-taken drop-goal but Weepu added a penalty before the half to open up an eight-point lead again . Weepu 's two kicks in the second half wrapped up his side 's final appearance as they look to repeat the emphatic victory they enjoyed over France in the pool stage .	New Zealand to play France in the Rugby World Cup final All Blacks beat Australia 20-6 in semifinal at Eden Park in Auckland Ma'a Nonu scores only try of the match in the first half Australia go into third place playoff against Wales
CNN  -- A Rhode Island high school that fired all its teachers in February has reached a tentative agreement with the school 's teachers union to rehire them , the union announced Sunday . The school board of the Central Falls School District , outside Providence , had voted to fire 93 staff members from its high school -- including teachers , administrators and other personnel -- over low student performance . The deal between the union and the school district allows teachers to return to work for the 2010-2011 school year without having to reapply for their jobs , though the union said Sunday that "  teachers will need to recommit to their jobs and interview with the new principal . " The agreement , which must still be ratified by teachers , includes measures to improve student achievement , including a longer school day , targeted professional development for teachers and more after-school tutoring , the statement from the Central Falls Teachers Union said . The school district and union have been working with a mediator since March . "  There has always been agreement on these points : that we all want what is best for our students , and that significant changes are needed at Central Falls High School , " teachers union president Jane Sessums said in the statement . "  Working together , we and the district have arrived at a solid , forward-looking agreement that provides support for our students and the tools our teachers need to help them succeed . " A teacher ratification vote on the deal is scheduled for Monday afternoon . In a move that drew national attention , the Central Falls school board had voted 5-2 to approve a plan by the school district 's superintendent to fire its high school staff , including the principal , three assistant principals and 77 teachers . The vote came after the high school , which draws students from an impoverished enclave of Rhode Island , graduated just 48 percent of its seniors last year . Of Central Falls ' 800 students , 65 percent are Hispanic and for most of them , English is a second language . Half the students are failing every subject , with 55 percent skilled in reading and 7 percent proficient in math , officials said earlier this year . President Obama publicly endorsed the school board 's vote . "  Our kids get only one chance at an education and we need to get it right , " he said in March . But the move outraged the school 's teachers , who argued that they 'd accepted most terms of a plan by the school district 's superintendent to improve student performance . The plan approved by the school board in February allowed teachers to re-apply for their jobs but stipulated that no more than 50 percent would get rehired . The firings would have gone into effect at the end of this school year . "  From the start , my principal concern was not who would be working at the high school , but whether the new school leadership team would have the flexibility it needed to improve student achievement , " Central Falls superintendent Fran Gallo said in the statement provided by the teacher 's union . "  Today 's agreement provides this flexibility . " Rhode Island officials applauded the tentative deal . "  I 'm glad both sides have ... -LSB- reached -RSB- this agreement , " Rhode Island Education Commissioner Deborah Gist said , according to the union 's statement . "  Now it 's time to move forward and work together to make Central Falls High one of the best in Rhode Island . "	Rhode Island high school that fired all its teachers reaches tentative agreement to rehire them School board had fired 93 teachers , administrators and others over low student performance The deal includes measures to improve student achievement The agreement still must be ratified by teachers
CNN  -- The crack of the bat and a bellowed "  Play ball ! " are annual rites of spring . In the video game world , "  MLB12 : The Show "  Sony  and "  Major League Baseball 2K12 "  2K Games  have also both arrived in time for opening day , ready to crack the starting line-ups of gamers everywhere . Each franchise has been around for a while -- 8 years for "  2K12 " and 6 years for "  The Show . " And , unfortunately , one of them is starting to show its age . The way you take to the mound is a major difference between the two titles . For pitching , "  2K12 " continues to use a gesture mechanic with the joystick controllers that relies on timing one circle to fit within another . The artificial intelligence has been fine-tuned so that batters will remember pitches and adjust accordingly , thus ramping up the realism level a bit . "  The Show " has added a pulse pitching mechanism that determines how accurate your pitches are within your target area . It 's all about timing , but only utilizes one button as opposed to moving the joystick in a particular way . It saves a lot of wear and tear on the thumbs . Defense is straightforward . There are animation differences that I 'll get into later , but fielders move and throw with good precision . Both titles use a scale to determine how accurate the throws get -- "  The Show " uses a circle ; "  2K12 " uses a bar . Push a button to the corresponding base and fire the ball . Holding down the button longer makes for a stronger , but possibly inaccurate throw . Zone batting is new for "  The Show . " That 's where the right stick controller determines your stride and swing while the left allows you to move your "  sweet spot " to the area where you think the ball will cross the plate . "  2K12 " already uses a similar style to determine how hard you are swinging -- and where . The feature also will gives you hits about the pitch as the ball is heading for the plate , much as a skilled batter would be able to recognize a curveball from a slider . "  The Show " also has a simple button swing mechanic if that is more your speed . The animations and general look of "  The Show " really make it shine above "  2K12 " . Each player has a unique look and fluid movements in everything they do . Pitching , hitting , throwing and catching the ball all appear very realistic and natural . It is a visually appealing game and looks like you are really watching an Orioles vs. Yankees matchup on television . "  2K12 " looks less like a TV broadcast and more like ... well , a video game . There are hiccups and stutters in some of the animation . Most of the players do n't look much different from each other . Balls hit near fielders will make sudden leaps into the glove or outfielders will jump slightly to one side before catching a fly ball . It is n't as well polished as its counterpart and looks old . And speaking of TV broadcasts , a tip of the cap to the announcing team of Gary Thorne , Steve Philips and John Kruk on "  2K12 . " Their banter seemed fresh and timely , referencing the right things and never sounding boring . Matt Vasgersian , Dave Campbell and Eric Karros for "  The Show " sounded stale and repetitive . Some of their phrases sounded exactly the same as last year , and there were a couple of games when I wondered if Karros had gone out for a pretzel and just never came back because he was heard so infrequently . "  Franchise mode " is back for both games . You can also create your own player and work him up through the ranks . "  2K12 " offers an "  MLB Today " mode that lets player play games at the same pace as their favorite Major League team . But that means you can only play one game a day in that mode , which does n't allow you to play future games or make up ones from the past . The new "  Diamond Dynasty " mode for "  The Show " seems geared more for a fantasy baseball fan than someone who wants to play a game . There are baseball cards , budgets , and customizable team logos and colors . If you are a stats nut or someone who likes to micromanage , this might be right for you . The "  Perfect Game Challenge " is back for "  2K12 " with a twist . In previous years , whoever pitched the first perfect game of the season using the title won $ 1 million . This year , the first eight perfect games will get the chance to head to New York City and compete in a live tournament for that top prize . "  The Show " is compatible with Sony 's motion-control Move system , bringing its capabilities to every aspect of the game . They 've also tied the PlayStation 3 game with the new PS Vita handheld console . Games can be saved to the cloud on one console and downloaded to another for continued playing . For die-hard video baseball games , this means never having to stop , even when you are away from home  provided you have a Vita  . The biggest drawback to "  The Show " is that it is a PlayStation exclusive title . If you own anything other than a PS3 or Vita , you can only play "  Major League Baseball 2K12 . " Fundamentally , it is a solid , enjoyable -- but visually underwhelming -- title . If you have a choice , "  The Show " brings together realistic mechanics with outstanding animation to create an "  at the ballpark " feel that outshines its competitor . All I need now is a hot dog and a frosty beverage to make the experience complete . "  MLB12 : The Show " is available now only on the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita . "  Major League Baseball 2K12 " is available now for the Xbox 360 , PS3 , Wii , PS2 , Nintendo DS , PSP and Microsoft Windows . Both games are rated E for Everybody . This review was done playing both titles on the PS3 as well as playing "  MLB12 The Show " on the Vita .	"  MLB12 : The Show " and "  Major League Baseball 2K12 " arrive just in time for opening day "  The Show " offers realistic visuals and smooth controls for a true "  ballpark " feel "  2K12 " has superior broadcasters , but some glitches and less realism The Perfect Game Challenge for "  2K12 " is back with a new twist
CNN  -- Before Jared Lee Loughner allegedly opened fire on an Arizona congresswoman , police at an area college he had previously attended were put on alert to keep him off campus , according to e-mails obtained Monday by CNN . The e-mails , dated December 23 and December 28 , show that campus police at Pima Community College were distributing photos of Loughner to staffers and night watchmen , adding patrols in an area of the campus they believed Loughner had visited and searching for videos he 'd posted online . The Monday release of the e-mails came a day after an attorney for the college defended it in a CNN interview for not alerting outside law enforcement about Loughner before the January 8 shooting spree . The attack killed six people and injured 13 others , including U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords , R-Arizona , at a Tucson supermarket . Loughner did not have a record of criminal violence before the shootings . "  We do n't report people simply because their behavior is odd and strange , " the attorney , Alice Callison , said . "  He had made no specific threats against anyone here at the college or anyone else that we were aware of . " However , the e-mails obtained by CNN through the Arizona Open Records Act show that , before the shootings , Pima officials considered Loughner enough of a threat to bolster security in case he tried to revisit the campus . In October 2010 , Loughner was suspended from Pima and told he could not return without undergoing a mental health evaluation to ensure he was not a danger to fellow students and faculty . Loughner 's suspension occurred after he was reported five times to campus authorities for classroom outbursts . College authorities put out the alert after learning that Loughner may have revisited Pima after his suspension , video-recorded part of the campus and posted the recording online . "  In regards to Jared Loughner , " wrote college Police Commander Manny A. Amado on December 28 , "  I will have a photo of Jared copied and given to the swing shift crew and have them conduct more frequent checks of the Northwest Campus , to include the night roving CSO . I will also have a copy given to the facilities crew . " Five days earlier , college police Sgt. Dan Simmons alerted others to a rambling text video Loughner had posted on YouTube . It was not the video containing footage of the campus . "  Haywood happened to find this on You Tube , " Simmons wrote . "  More drivel from Jared Loughner . Doubt there is anything to it . " In another e-mail , a college official asked Amado if Loughner had contacted the school to set up an appointment and if "  the facilities guys " have a photography to identify Loughner if he visited the campus after hours . Callison said it is campus policy not to report students without criminal histories to outside law enforcement . That policy , she said , has not changed since the January 8 shootings . "  We had a process in place , " Callison said , "  and we dealt with this student in a reasonable fashion based on what we knew at the time . "	Arizona college police kept eye out for Loughner after suspension Alleged shooter of Giffords , others , kicked off college campus in October Campus authorities did not alert outside law enforcement before shootings
President Barack Obama pardoned the national Thanksgiving turkey with a smile on Wednesday , but he admitted before saving the bird from it 's likely demise that he found the decades-old tradition somewhat "  puzzling . " "  It is a little puzzling that I do this every year , but I will say that I enjoy it because with all the tough stuff that swirls around in this office it 's nice once in a while just to say , ` Happy Thanksgiving , ' " he said . And with a wink and a nod , the president also made joking reference to the controversy dogging his administration over his unilateral move to offer protection from deportation to some 5 million immigrants in the U.S. illegally . "  I am here to announce what I 'm sure will be the most talked about executive action this month . Today I am taking an action that is fully within my legal authority , " he said to laughter from the crowd , in reference not to the immigration move , but the turkey pardon . Joined by his teenage daughters , Obama went on to pardon Cheese , the turkey chosen by Americans as this year 's national Thanksgiving turkey via Twitter . The nearly 50-pound snow-white turkey calmly accepted the president 's pardon as flashbulbs burst and officials looked on . Cheese and his alternate turkey , Mac , were both raised by National Turkey Federation Chairman Gary Cooper 's son Cole , both of whom were in attendance at the ceremony Wednesday . The two 20-week-old turkeys will enjoy a much more tranquil Thanksgiving than many of their fellow fowl , as they 're headed to "  Turkey Hill " the historic turkey farm at Morven Park , the Leesburg , Va. , home of former Virginia Gov. Westmoreland Davis , according to the White House . There , they 'll be on display for visitors seeking a second-degree brush with the president . Though the event is meant as an opportunity for the president to express a bit of Thanksgiving cheer , it 's not without controversy . Earlier this month , the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals called on Obama 's daughters to encourage their father to end the "  offensive turkey pardon " and go vegan for the holiday . But the tradition , which the National Turkey Federation says has been around since President Harry Truman , went on . Obama will also volunteer with his family on Wednesday , another longstanding presidential Thanksgiving tradition . Other elected officials got in the spirit of the holiday on Wednesday , tweeting out their favorite Thanksgiving recipes . House Speaker John Boehner revealed the details of his special "  Boehner Brine , " while Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi tweeted her family 's chocolate mousse recipe .	President Barack Obama pardons Cheese , this year 's national Thanksgiving turkey Obama says he is "  puzzled " by the annual tradition The turkey will be sent to "  Turkey Hill " at Morven Park in Leesburg , Va. , to spend the rest of its life
CNN  -- The FAA has seen the light . And it wants to put an end to it . Federal Aviation Administration officials on Wednesday plan to announce they will impose civil penalties on people who point lasers into the cockpit of aircraft . The number of pilots reporting being targeted by lasers nearly doubled last year to 2,836 , up from 1,527 the previous year , the FAA said . Officials say the increase is likely attributable to the increased availability of cheap and powerful laser pointers , to the introduction of green lasers which are more easily seen , and to increased reporting of laser events by pilots . "  Shining a laser into the cockpit of an aircraft is not a joke , " FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt said in a statement . "  These lasers can temporarily blind a pilot and make it impossible to safely land the aircraft , jeopardizing the safety of the passengers and people on the ground . " To date , the government has dealt with the problem largely through a hodgepodge of state and local laws . But on Wednesday , the FAA planned to release a legal interpretation concluding that laser beams can interfere with a flight crew performing its duties while operating an aircraft , a violation of federal aviation regulations . In the past , the FAA has used the regulation against passengers on board aircraft who interfere with an aircraft 's crew . The maximum civil penalty the FAA can impose for violating the regulation is $ 11,000 per violation . "  Our top priority is protecting the safety of the traveling public , " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement . "  We will not hesitate to take tough action against anyone who threatens the safety of our passengers , pilots and air transportation system . " A bill that would criminalize purposefully aiming a laser device at aircraft is currently pending in Congress . While the problem is compounded by the difficulty of tracking down offenders , several individuals have been caught in recent years , usually with the assistance of local police officials in helicopters and on the ground . Last year , Los Angeles International Airport recorded 102 laser events -- the highest number of laser events in the country for a single airport . Chicago O'Hare International Airport was a close second , with 98 reports , and Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport and Norman Y. Mineta San Jose International Airport tied for third with 80 each . So far this year , the Phoenix and Dallas-Fort Worth areas each have recorded more than 45 laser events , the FAA said . The Los Angeles , Philadelphia and Houston areas each have recorded more than 30 laser events . The FAA first began paying close attention to the issue in the mid-1990s . The Food and Drug Administration , which regulates lasers , required outdoor laser light show operators to notify the FAA of proposed laser operations and resolve any objections that the FAA may have . In 2005 , the FAA created a formal reporting system to collect information from pilots . During the first year in operation , nearly 300 reports were collected .	Last year , there were more than 2,800 laser incidents , FAA says "  Shining a laser into the cockpit of an aircraft is not a joke , " FAA says The most incidents are reported at Los Angeles International Airport
Washington  CNN  -- FBI Director Robert Mueller said Thursday he is concerned about the potential for terrorists mounting cyber attacks and that the bureau is working "  to stay ahead of these threats , both at home and abroad . " "  While to date terrorists have not used the Internet to launch a full-scale cyber attack , we can not underestimate their intent , " Mueller testified to a Senate Appropriations subcommittee in which lawmakers pressed him about what additional funding and laws may be necessary to combat the cyber threat . Mueller did not provide many details during the public session , but later met with senators behind closed doors to provide additional information . Mueller noted that terror groups are becoming more "  cyber savvy . " As examples , he cited al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which publishes an online magazine called Inspire , and the Somali group Al-Shabaab , which has its own Twitter account . More importantly , however , he said , terrorists are "  using cyberspace to conduct operations . " Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina asked Mueller whether a cyber attack suspect tied to al Qaeda would be treated differently than a regular criminal suspect . Many members of Congress have said terror suspects are better handled by the military than going through a criminal court process . But Mueller did not debate the issue , saying when a cyber intrusion happens , his agency 's goal is to find out who is behind the computer . "  At the point in time of an intrusion , you do n't know whether it 's going to be a country , a terrorist or the 18-year-old kid down the block , " he said .	FBI director : Terror groups are becoming more "  cyber savvy " The bureau is working to stay ahead of the threats , he says Robert Mueller met with senators behind closed doors to provide more details
CNN  -- South Sudan is in the news but not for the reasons that moved me to fly halfway around the world to the country were I was born . South Sudan , my country , has been criticized for not having done enough since its independence . The naysayers seem to have forgotten that this is a country that was mired in civil war for decades and that only a little over a year ago broke free from the chains of the North . Still it is fighting to negotiate a fair agreement for the oil on the dangerous and contentious border while generously hosting over 170,000 Sudanese refugees . Its population has bulged with hundreds of thousands of South Sudanese returning home . Imagine the U.S. in the first year of its independence . Read more : End the suffering in the Sudans In July , I traveled home with the UN Refugee Agency  UNHCR  to commemorate the one-year anniversary of independence . I had n't been to South Sudan since the peace agreement in 2005 . I never thought I would see a free South Sudan . It was overwhelming . The story that is not being told is that in spite of all the challenges -- the country is teeming with hope . Opinion : President al-Bashir feels heat from ` Sudanese Spring ' For instance , my nephew , who was born in England , moved to South Sudan to start a telecommunications firm . He gave up the comforts of London because he believes in South Sudan 's future . He is just one of thousands with a vision for their country that only an appetite inspired by decades of bloodshed can foster . During my trip I met dozens of people from the First Lady of the country to refugees who had returned from Khartoum , most were brimming with ideas about how to restart their lives and contribute to their new home . South Sudanese people are rich like the soul of their nation . What they lack in training they make up in sheer willpower . Read related : Which countries take in most refugees ? Not the West I visited a woman UNHCR helped settle in a village near Juba . Naomi , 83 , is taking care of her grandchildren . All three of her sons were killed during the civil war . Her story moved me to tears . She should be relaxing and enjoying the fruits of her labor but instead is still taking care of babies . Naomi reminded me of my own grandmother who endured the civil wars and those who lost someone to violence . Yet in spite of all this pain , Naomi exuded hope . More : South Sudan marathoner is an Olympian without a country At the Independence Day ceremony President Kir rallied the people reminding them that they had won their freedom but the battle was not over . Now they must build their nation . What South Sudan needs to do is invest in education . Over 50 % of the country is young people . I read in a report that a South Sudanese girl is three times more likely to die in childbirth than reach eighth grade . Read related : Sudan , South Sudan settle oil dispute My father instilled in me a fierce commitment to education and that is why at the TEDx Juba conference I shared my vision for the future of South Sudan -- infrastructure development and education . As a member of the South Sudanese diaspora I hope to help continue his legacy . UNHCR , which has been helping thousands of South Sudanese who have returned rebuild their lives , is compromised by the crisis on the border . This month 's rains have worsened an already dire situation for the refugees . Unfortunately , aid organizations can only do so much . They need help to work with both the returning population and the refugees at the same time . Blog : Four ways social media could transform conflict in Africa This is why I am hope to continue to partner with UNHCR to foster education opportunities in the town where I grew up and help contribute to a successful future for my country . You can help me help South Sudan by going to www.UNRefugees.org/Alek . Charity Tooze contributed to this report . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alek Wek .	South Sudanese supermodel traveled home for the first anniversary of the country 's independence She says the new country should focus on infrastructure development and education UNHCR report says a South Sudanese girl is three times more likely to die in childbirth than reach 8th grade
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- U.S. Marines on Friday kept up a major push against entrenched militants in southern Afghanistan in an attempt to rout the Taliban from their stronghold in Helmand province , Marine Capt. William Pelletier said . A U.S. Marine patrols Garmser district in Afghanistan 's Helmand province on Friday . A Marine source described Thursday evening 's fighting in the Helmand River Valley as "  our most significant encounter . " Sporadic fighting that began earlier Thursday stretched over several hours in the southeastern sector of Garmser district , said Pelletier , spokesman for the Marine Expeditionary Brigade-Afghanistan . Helmand province , a poppy-growing region , is the focus of the U.S.-led Operation Khanjar . Afghanistan supplies 90 percent of the world 's opium , which is used in the production of heroin . The forces are attempting to gain and hold ground in the perilous region ahead of Afghan national elections in August . Almost 4,000 Marines and sailors from the expeditionary brigade , along with more than 600 Afghan national security forces , are operating in key population centers along the valley , Pelletier said . Their targets are Garmser and Nawa districts in central Helmand , and stretch to Rig district in the south , Pelletier said . Marines and Afghan forces have taken over the key town of Khan Neshin , the capital of Rig district , which had been under Taliban control , the Marine source said . The goal is to protect residents from the threat of Taliban and other insurgent intimidation and violence , Pelletier said . "  Our focus is now and will remain the Afghan people . We have worked closely with local Helmand government officials and many tribal and local leaders in the detailed planning of this major offensive , " said Brig. Gen. Larry Nicholson , commander of Task Force Leatherneck . Once security is established , civil affairs personnel and other nongovernmental groups and agencies can come in and establish programs . However , Taliban control of the countryside is so extensive in provinces such as Helmand and Kandahar to the east that security forces face a tough job , according to a report this week in The New York Times . The government has no involvement in five of Helmand 's 13 districts , the report said . In the fighting that began Thursday , Marines fired 20 mm cannons from their Cobra helicopter gunships -- but dropped no bombs -- to avoid the higher risk of civilian casualties , the Marine source said . The source called resistance "  heavy " and "  persistent " but intermittent . Militants responded using small arms , rocket-propelled grenades and machine guns . "  Last night , Marines bedded down in compounds within cities ... with permission from the people " rather than sleep in a restricted area away from the local population , Pelletier said . He said military leaders also were holding talks with village leaders . In other developments CNN 's Atia Abawi , Barbara Starr and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	Marine source describes fighting as "  our most significant encounter " Marines trying to rout Taliban from stronghold in Afghanistan 's Helmand province Marines and Afghan forces in control of key town of Khan Neshin , source says Marine killed in the U.S.-led offensive in southern Afghanistan
CNN  -- As the global population hits 7 billion in the coming days , nations can take steps to tackle critical challenges and prepare for the arrival of billions more people this century , the United Nations said Wednesday . The milestone is expected to be reached on October 31 . "  With planning and the right investments in people now ... our world of 7 billion can have thriving , sustainable cities , productive labor forces that can fuel economic growth , youth populations that contribute to the well-being of economies and societies , and a generation of older people who are healthy and actively engaged in the social and economic affairs of their communities , " UNFPA , the United Nations Population Fund , said in a new report . Among the steps the report focuses on are empowering young people with economic opportunities ; planning for the growth of cities ; developing programs to share and sustain the Earth 's resources ; and improving education , including sexual education . A U.N. report published in May predicts a global population of 9.3 billion by 2050 , and more than 10 billion by the end of this century . "  With only a small variation in fertility , particularly in the more populous countries , the total could be higher : 10.6 billion people could be living on Earth by 2050 and more than 15 billion in 2100 , " says the Population Division of the U.N. Department of Economic and Social Affairs . Much of the increase will come in Africa and Asia . In light of growing concerns about the global economy , the new UNFPA report highlights financial dangers facing people in industrialized and developing nations . "  While labor shortages threaten to stymie the economies of some industrialized countries , unemployed would-be migrants in developing countries are finding more and more national borders closed to them and the expertise they may have to offer . And while progress is being made in reducing extreme poverty , gaps between rich and poor are widening almost everywhere . " The 7 billion mark is a huge spike from less than a century ago . In 1927 , the global population was 2 billion . It was only 13 years ago that the population was at 6 billion , the United Nations says . Changing demographics are quickly reshaping the world in numerous ways . People under the age of 25 make up 43 % of the world 's population , the United Nations says . About half of the world 's population lives in cities . Within about 35 years , two-thirds will , it says . While reaching 7 billion in 2011 has long been predicted , the new U.N. report Wednesday -- "  State of World Population 2011 " -- highlights changes and trends to offer a complex picture . In a summary of the report , the agency notes that "  women are on average having fewer children than they were in the 1960s . " The number of children a woman is expected to have dropped from an average of 6 to 2.5 , the report says . But there are far more women than there were in the 1960s . "  In some of the poorest countries , high fertility rates hamper development and perpetuate poverty , while in some of the richest countries , low fertility rates and too few people entering the job market are raising concerns about prospects for sustained economic growth and the viability of social security systems , " the summary says . A few more facts and figures from the report : -- Today there are 893 million people over the age of 60 ; by the middle of the century , that number will rise to 2.4 billion . -- Asia will remain the most populous area this century , but Africa "  will gain ground as its population more than triples , increasing from 1 billion in 2011 to 3.6 billion in 2100 . " -- The combined population of other areas -- including the Americas , Europe , and Oceania -- is currently 1.7 billion , and is expected to rise to nearly 2 billion by 2060 , "  then decline very slowly . "	NEW : World population could surpass 15 billion by the end of the century , the U.N. says In 1927 , the world 's population was 2 billion People under age 25 make up 43 % of the current population Africa 's population is expected to more than triple this century
CNN  -- Alaska officials have asked the U.S. Supreme Court to block -- at least temporarily -- same-sex marriage from moving ahead in the state . A resolution could come as early as Friday . A federal judge there last week had ordered gay and lesbian couples be allowed to apply for marriage licenses and to wed after a normal three-day waiting period . But everything is now on hold until the justices issue an order . If the state loses at the high court , same-sex marriage could begin at 11 a.m. local time Friday . Alaska 's Department of Law said "  the state can not issue any marriage licenses until the stay is lifted . " Some couples had begun applying for marriage licenses as early as Monday and in at least some cases , couples were married when they were granted an expedited consideration . The state then asked for a stay , saying it needs more time to file more detailed appeals to show its sovereign power to define marriage is being usurped by the courts . Officials , including the governor said waiting until the broader legal questions are resolved is best for all Alaskans . "  Without a stay , the interim licensing of marriages contrary to Alaska law could easily lead to administrative chaos that will harm everyone 's interest in the orderly enforcement of domestic relations laws , " said the state 's high court appeal . But a number of same-sex couples cited a federal appeals court ruling last week that struck down bans in Nevada and Idaho as unconstitutional . That appeals court 's legal jurisdiction includes Alaska and other Western states . The high court case is Parnell v. Hamby  14A413  .	Alaska asked U.S. Supreme Court to block same-sex marriage for now Decision could come early as Friday Similar requests made by Idaho and Nevada last week following appeals court ruling
CNN  -- If you feed your pet a jerky treat and it gets sick or dies , the Food and Drug Administration wants to hear from you . The agency says it has reports of more than 3,600 dogs and 10 cats that got sick after eating jerky pet treats over the past six years and 580 of those pets have died . The FDA is n't naming any particular brand , but says the animals mostly ate a chicken or duck jerky treat or a jerky-wrapped treat . The FDA has already tested 1,200 samples without discovering the exact cause of any illnesses . Symptoms include vomiting , diarrhea , a lack of appetite and sluggishness . "  Most of the jerky treats implicated have been made in China , " the FDA said on its website . If a pet gets sick after eating such treats , the FDA wants owners to keep the leftover treats for 60 days in case it wants a sample , and veterinarians should report any jerky treat-related cases . "  This is one of the most elusive and mysterious outbreaks we 've encountered , " said Bernadette Dunham , director of the FDA 's Center for Veterinary Medicine . The FDA is not recommending that owners stop feeding the treats to their pets , but they should watch their pets closely if they continue to give them jerky treats . The agency says dogs and cats can do without treats , since they should not be part of an animal 's balanced diet .	The FDA says it 's received reports of thousands of pets getting sick Official : "  This is one of the most elusive and mysterious outbreaks we 've encountered " Sick pets mostly ate a chicken jerky or duck jerky treat or a jerky-wrapped treat The FDA says most of the treats involved were made in China
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Blake Mycoskie founded TOMS Shoes in 2006 . The socially responsible company aims to provide impoverished children with shoes in a sustainable way . Blake Mycoskie says he pursued his vision for TOMS Shoes with "  reckless ambition . " The California-based entrepreneur shares some of the lessons he learned along the way . Follow these tips and you too could launch the next big thing . Follow your passion Despite having no background in fashion , Mycoskie relentlessly pursued his vision for TOMS . "  I had absolutely no experience in shoes or fashion so I approached the business how I have done everything in my life , and that 's with reckless ambition , " he says . He set out to learn how to make shoes and often spent weekends peddling the shoes to L.A. 's trendy spots in the early days of the company -- an effort that paid off . Establish smart partnerships Partnerships are critical to spreading the TOMS model and creating a global brand that 's known for giving , according to Mycoskie . He wants other firms to realize they can establish a "  one-for-one " giving model through partnerships "  instead of reinventing the wheel themselves . " His goal is to expand the TOMS model and work with "  other great companies out there that are already doing great products . " Be flexible in your thinking Mycoskie wanted to provide children in need with shoes , but was concerned a charity would not be sustainable . He could raise money from his friends and family , but worried about what would happen if his donors decided to contribute to another cause one year . But he found a solution by blending philanthropy with business . He says : "  I thought to myself , ` Okay , how can I guarantee these kids that they 'll have shoes over and over again ? " ' "  The only way I could guarantee that was to start a business . " Know when to move on One of his early ventures was a 24/7 reality TV channel , which he started up after appearing on "  The Amazing Race . " But two years after launching , the company faced stiff competition from media titan Rupert Murdoch . "  That really taught me a valuable lesson in business : Even if you have a great idea , the market is there and the market is right , " Mycoskie says . He ended up shutting down the network , Reality Central , after realizing he could n't compete with such a large player . "  You really have to look at who your competitors are . You ca n't compete with the biggest guy . The biggest guy has the ability to shut you down -- it 's a really risky proposition . " Experience pays off Mycoskie had already started four other businesses by the time he got the idea for TOMS . He says the experience of running those companies helped prepare him for the rapid growth of TOMS . "  I think all my entrepreneurial experience and background kind of was trained for this one moment when this gigantic idea would explode . "	Blake Mycoskie had launched four other start-ups before creating TOMS He ran the shoe company out of his apartment in the early days The business has since scaled tremendously and gives away shoes worldwide
New York  CNN  -- It 's primary day in New York City , where a whole lot of Democrats and not that many Republicans will select their nominees for mayor and a slate of other city offices . Given the city 's liberal bent , the primary serves as a de facto general election . Most of Tuesday 's Democratic winners will sail to victory in November against token Republican opposition . But New York has n't elected a Democratic mayor since 1989 , when David Dinkins became the city 's first African-American mayor . This is shaping up to be the year that streak ends . Mayor Michael Bloomberg has presided over more than a decade of economic expansion in the city , but his tenure has left a sour taste in the mouths of rank-and-file Democrats , who say the mayor cares more about wealthy Manhattan elites than the outer borough middle class . The issues flaring this election season all seem to come back to Bloomberg : affordable housing , income inequality , education , a city council vote that handed the mayor a third term , and the controversial New York Police Department tactic known as stop-and-frisk . Bloomberg fatigue is the prime reason that Bill de Blasio , the city 's public advocate , has surged into the lead in a crowded field of underwhelming Democratic candidates . De Blasio is promising a "  clean break " from the Bloomberg years . He 's running as an unabashed liberal , pledging to raise taxes on the wealthy and end stop-and-frisk . De Blasio , who is white , also happens to be leading his opponents among African-American voters , in part because of his telegenic mixed-race family , which has been at his side throughout the campaign . Polls suggest De Blasio is certain to win Tuesday 's primary . The main question is whether he can run up the score high enough to avoid a runoff against one of his two main challengers : City Council Speaker Christine Quinn , a lesbian who would be New York 's first female mayor , and Bill Thompson , the city 's former comptroller . Former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner , whose campaign imploded in July after he admitted to sending another round of lewd online chats well after he resigned from Congress , is running in a distant fourth place . Here are five things to watch in Tuesday 's election , which will also determine whether former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer can make a political comeback after a prostitution scandal forced him from office five years ago : 1 . Can de Blasio avoid a runoff ? De Blasio was handed a big fat gift over the weekend when New York Magazine posted a buzzy new interview with Bloomberg in which the mayor described de Blasio 's campaign , which has showcased his interracial family in a bid to win African-American support , as "  racist . " The New York City Public Advocate promptly put his family in front of television news cameras to hit back against the mayor , who has steadfastly backed the NYPD 's stop-and-frisk policy , a deeply unpopular practice in the city 's black community . A former political operative and onetime city councilman from Brooklyn , de Blasio was already surging before the comments hit the Web on Saturday morning . Now de Blasio might be able to reach the crucial 40 % threshold needed to avoid a three-week runoff campaign , a once unthinkable scenario given the number of Democrats in the race . A Marist poll released Monday by NBC 4 New York and the Wall Street Journal pegged de Blasio 's support among Democrats at 36 % . With all the political wind in the race at his back , it 's possible he might win the nomination outright on Tuesday . 2 . Where do African-American voters go ? The most influential person in the mayor 's race is n't even on the ballot . That would be de Blasio 's 15-year old son Dante , who starred in a memorable television ad that vaulted his father to the top of the polls in August . He has n't looked back since . In the ad , Dante , who boasts an impressive Afro , looks into the camera and pledges that his father is "  the only Democrat with the guts to really break from the Bloomberg years " and "  end a stop-and-frisk era that unfairly targets people of color . " The Dante spot , produced by former Obama campaign media consultant John del Cecato , sparked one of the most intriguing developments of the primary : de Blasio has steadily been growing his support among African-American voters -- even against Bill Thompson , the lone black candidate in the field . De Blasio now leads Thompson among black voters by a 39-25 margin , the Marist poll showed . He 's also identified as the candidate most likely to end stop-and-frisk . Thompson was the 2009 Democratic nominee for mayor and bucked conventional wisdom -- and many polls -- by coming within five points of defeating Bloomberg that November . If Thompson is to have any chance of making the runoff and beating de Blasio , he better hope the polls are wrong again . 3 . Chelsea and the Village Quinn 's city council district encompasses Chelsea and stretches of Greenwich Village , which represent the historic heart of New York City 's gay and lesbian community . The Moonstruck Diner , on the corner of 23rd Street and Ninth Avenue , serves as Quinn 's second office . Last Friday evening , Quinn rallied hundreds of gay and lesbian supporters outside the Stonewall Inn , site of the historic 1969 gay rights demonstrations against the New York Police Department . But disgruntled Quinn supporters have faulted her for not drawing more attention to the history-making nature of her candidacy . Quinn , once the front-runner , now desperately needs her West Side base to show up if she has any hope of making a runoff . There are hints her support could be fracturing under the weight of her complicated relationship with Bloomberg in the city council , and de Blasio 's late burst of momentum . When de Blasio showed up late last week to campaign in Quinn 's backyard , on the corner of 23rd Street and Eighth Avenue , he was mobbed by photo-seeking supporters and held court for nearly an hour , jamming up foot traffic and putting the City Council speaker on notice . On Monday night , Quinn 's campaign added a last-minute campaign swing through Chelsea to shore up her base . 4 . Can Spitzer make a comeback ? Spitzer , who resigned from office in a 2008 prostitution scandal that roiled Albany , surprised pretty much everyone in politics in July when he suddenly jumped into the Democratic race for city comptroller , the city 's chief fiscal officer . With the help of his real estate fortune , his unabashed anti-Wall Street rhetoric and his near universal name recognition , Spitzer led his Democratic primary opponent , Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer , for most of the summer . But Stringer has worked overtime to remind voters of Spitzer 's baggage , attacking him in debates , in the mail and on the television airwaves . Spitzer has returned fire , accusing Stringer of being a lifelong member of the political establishment who accomplished little during his public career . The race is the most intriguing head-to-head match-up on Tuesday . Recent polls paint a mixed picture but suggest the race is something of a toss-up , though Spitzer may have a slight edge thanks to his steady 2-1 edge among African-American voters . If he wins the nomination , he 's a sure bet to become comptroller against nominal Republican opposition and see his name bandied about as a potential future mayor , attorney general or governor . A win Tuesday would be his first step toward political redemption . 5 . The end of "  Cats " The Republican primary contest has been largely overlooked given the city 's Democratic leanings . Roughly 700,000 Democrats are expected to cast ballots in Tuesday 's primary , while Republican turnout may be as low as 60,000 . Joe Lhota , a fedora-wearing veteran of Rudy Giuliani 's administration , is expected to win the GOP nod . If the liberal de Blasio wins the Democratic primary as expected , Lhota might have an outside shot in the general election if he 's able to enlist Bloomberg allies and the business community , no fans of de Blasio 's tax-the-rich agenda , to help defeat him . But a Lhota win would also be the political death knell for John Catsimatidis , arguably the most colorful figure of the 2013 election cycle . Catsimatidis , the Greek-born billionaire founder of the Gristedes grocery store chain and a longtime Republican donor , poured millions of dollars of his own money into the race , blanketing the television airwaves with quirky television ads . According to The New York Times , "  He has even created his own eight-page newspaper , The Cats Chronicle , which includes no fewer than 27 photographs of Mr. Catsimatidis . " Politically incorrect , often disheveled and definitely overweight , Catsimatidis has some regular guy appeal but is nevertheless prone to missteps and cringe-worthy statements that make him hard to take seriously . He even fell asleep in the middle of an interview with a New York public radio reporter , who recorded him snoring and used the sound in her story . Russell Schaffer , a New York Democrat who tweets prolifically under the handle @RussOnPolitics , spoke for political junkies everywhere on Sunday when he mourned Catsimatidis ' imminent demise : "  I 'll never let @JCats2013 go , even after he loses the GOP primary for NYC mayor on Tuesday , " he tweeted . "  He is a treasure to behold and quote . "	Mayoral race will mark the end of Bloomberg 's decade of control of mayor 's office Disgraced former U.S. Rep. Andrew Weiner is running a distant fourth in Democratic race Biggest question on Tuesday will be whether front-runner can avoid runoff
CNN  -- Mario Gomez gave Bayern Munich a precious 2-1 advantage in their Champions League tie against Real Madrid with an 90th minute winner in the first leg in the Allianz Arena Tuesday . The match looked headed for a draw until the prolific striker connected with Philipp Lahm 's right wing cross to give Bayern a deserved victory . They had gone ahead through Franck Ribery in the first half with Mesut Ozil leveling in a rare Real Madrid attack just after the break . Gomez had endured a frustrating night , wasting an earlier gilt-edged chance to put them ahead for a second time when he shot over from close range . But he was rewarded for his persistence with his 40th goal of the season to give the Bavarian giants real hope of reaching the final which will be played in their home stadium next month . English Premier League Chelsea entertain reigning champions Barcelona in the second semifinal first leg Wednesday . La Liga leaders Real had gone into their away tie as favorites to progress , but from the early moments it was clear Bayern would be a difficult proposition . Ribery felt he should have had a penalty when his shirt was tugged by Sergio Ramos , but English referee Howard Webb waved away the protests . The French international did not have long to wait to be celebrating as he latched on to a loose ball in the Real penalty area from a corner and lashed his shot past Iker Casillas . Gomez had the first of his chances before halftime as Casillas turned behind his shot and it looked to be costly as Real equalized in the 53rd minute . Cristiano Ronaldo wasted the first chance as his weak shot was saved by Manuel Neuer . But Karim Benzema picked up the rebound and his shot across the goal came to Ronaldo , who cut it back for Ozil to shoot home from close range . It was the precursor for a good spell for Real but Bayern regrouped and began to create opportunities again . Gomez lifted his effort over in the 71st minute and then headed straight at Casillas . He also had penalty appeals waved away before striking late in typical fashion after superb work from the tireless Lahm . Real boss Jose Mourinho , whose team face an El Clasico showdown with Barcelona Saturday , is still confident his team will progress . "  We have the second leg to come and it 's not like we have to make a historical comeback , what we have to do is very achievable , " he told gathered reporters . "  If we win at home , we are there . I am optimistic we can return here to play the final . "	Bayern Munich beat Real Madrid 2-1 in Champions League semifinal first leg Mario Gomez scores 90th minute winner in Allianz Arena Mesut Ozil equalized Frank Ribery 's first half opener for Bayern Barcelona play Chelsea in second semifinal Wednesday
The Illinois Senate passed a measure Thursday to legalize same-sex marriage , voting 34-21 . The state House will consider it next . Gov. Pat Quinn , a Democrat , has indicated he would sign the bill . Illinois would be the 10th state , plus the District of Columbia , to legalize same-sex marriage , according to Lambda Legal , a gay rights organization . Three other states are considering similar legalization , said Camilla Taylor , marriage project director for Lambda Legal . A bill has passed the Rhode Island House and been sent to the Senate . A proposal has been introduced in the Hawaii legislature , and another is expected in Delaware , Taylor said . Activists hail watershed moment in gay rights movement Five states , including Illinois , have civil union laws , according to Lambda Legal and the National Conference of State Legislatures . The others are Hawaii , Delaware , New Jersey and Rhode Island . The groups list four states as having some type of domestic-partnership recognition : California , Oregon , Nevada and Wisconsin . Lambda Legal lists Colorado as recognizing designated beneficiary agreements . Twenty-nine states have constitutional provisions banning same-sex marriage , the National Conference of State Legislatures says . Polls show that legalizing same-sex marriage is gaining support across the country .	Measure is approved 34-21 ; House to vote next Illinois would be 10th state , plus D.C. , to legalize same-sex marriage Three other states are considering similar legislation
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- The top prosecutor of the International Criminal Court arrived in Kenya on Saturday to investigate post-election violence that left more than 1,000 people dead more than two years ago . Hundreds of thousands were also displaced after the disputed December 2007 election sparked ethnic violence nationwide . Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo said his five-day trip will include visits with victims . He 'll also tour some of the areas hardest hit by the violence , including Rift Valley province and the sprawling Kibera slum in Nairobi . Ocampo said he 'll also meet top government officials and those who believe they were unfairly identified as suspects on a list of 20 people handed to him . The names of the suspects have not been identified publicly . Chaos erupted after incumbent President Mwai Kibaki was declared the winner in the election . Opposition challenger Raila Odinga decried the results , prompting violence between their supporters . The election and its aftermath tainted the country 's image as an oasis of stability in the region . Former United Nations chief Kofi Annan and other world leaders intervened , and the two contenders signed a power-sharing agreement . Kibaki is the president while Odinga is the prime minister . Annan has said proceedings against culprits should occur before campaigning starts for the next election in 2012 .	More than 1,000 killed , hundreds of thousands displaced after 2007 election Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo will visit victims , tour areas hardest hit by violence Election and aftermath tainted Kenya 's image as oasis of stability in the region
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghanistan 's reputation as the world 's leading narcotics supplier is well-known , but in a squalid ruin in Kabul , the country hides a darker secret -- a huge home grown drug addiction problem now on the brink of fueling an HIV/AIDS epidemic . Junkies smoking heroin can get high for $ 4 . Here junkies lie in their own filth , wasted limbs poking out of blood-spattered clothing as they blank out the abject misery of their surroundings . In one room , a veritable narcotics bazaar offers pills and drug paraphernalia -- with hits retailing at less than $ 4 . One user claims he has been an addict for 22 years , although it is difficult to talk to any of the dazed and ragged occupants of the drug rooms . The atmosphere is edgy and -- as thick clouds of burning opium fill the air -- dizzyingly toxic . The Kabul den is just the tip of the iceberg in a country awash with narcotics . The government estimates the number of addicts in Afghanistan could be as many as five percent of its 25 million people . Watch Nic Robertson 's report from the ` house of hopelessness ' " And though nascent efforts are being made to tackle the problem , chronic funding shortfalls have prompted the United Nations to warn that drug use will escalate , potentially driving an HIV/AIDS crisis as junkies move from smoking to high risk needle-sharing . Afghanistan has always been a major narcotics supplier -- responsible for 95 percent of the world 's heroin -- although this was scaled back under the rule of the Taliban , which outlawed poppy cultivation and imposed strict penalties for drug users . Since 2001 , when the extremist regime was ousted by a U.S.-led invasion that installed President Hamid Karzai , production has doubled . And for many in the country still mired in poverty and conflict , these cheap drugs offer a tempting escape . The last United Nations survey of Afghanistan 's drug problem four years ago estimated the country 's addicts to number about 200,000 . According to Afghan Counter Narcotics Minister Khodaidad , the figure is now far greater . "  More than 1.2 million people in Afghanistan are addicts . It 's a very huge number and every year it increases , " he told CNN . Khodaidad says the Afghan government is largely powerless to control the production of opium while Taliban extremists , who now control and draw funding from drug crops , control cultivation areas despite major international military efforts to push them back . "  We did very little due to weakness of governors , due to insurgents , due to pressure of terrorism in the area , " he added . "  We do n't have sufficient law enforcement agencies -- the police , the border security force , and other special forces to control this area -- so it will take time . " But , says Jean-Luc Lemahieu , head of the UN 's Office on Drugs and Crime  UNODC  in Kabul , time is something Afghanistan does not have . As intravenous drug use takes hold , raising the prospect of needle sharing , he says HIV/AIDS will follow quickly . "  The little data we have at the moment are very alarming , " he told CNN . "  They tell us that we should not wait longer and if not , this country will be saddled with another burden it just can not afford . "  I think it is already happening today . We have seen , now , a few HIV/AIDS cases . Hopefully we can contain the problem , although it is unlikely given the problems with the health structures . " The U.N. has begun a program to detox users willing to get off drugs in Afghanistan . A renovated warehouse in Kabul offers hope to 100 addicts in the biggest facility of its kind in the country . Watch Robertson go inside the detox clinic " In the center 's clean , bare rooms , shaven-headed junkies tremble under blankets as they go through the agonizing cold turkey of weaning their ravaged bodies off drug dependency . Therapy sessions also help motivate them to kick their deadly habit . "  Here we deal with the problem from a humanitarian perspective , not from an addiction perspective , to save lives , " says Jehan Zeb Khan , UNODC program manager . But says Khan , with what little funding there is now dwindling fast , the salvation offered to these lucky few may be short lived -- they will be forced back out on the streets , where more opium dens will flourish , bringing yet more misery for Afghanistan .	Government officials say 1.2 million Afghans are now addicted to drugs United Nations says growing drug use could lead to HIV/AIDS crisis Efforts to combat drug use suffering from chronic lack of funds
Kaiser Health News  -- Devin Payne had gone years without health insurance -- having little need and not much money to pay for it . Then Payne , who had a wife and four children , realized she could no longer live as a man . In her early 40s , she changed her name , began wearing long skirts and grew out her sandy blond hair . And she started taking female hormones , which caused her breasts to develop and the muscle mass on her 6-foot one-inch frame to shrink . The next step was gender reassignment surgery . For that , Payne , who is now 44 , said she needed health coverage . "  It is not a simple , easy , magical surgery , " said Payne , a photographer who lives in Palm Springs . "  Trying to do this without insurance is a big risk . Things can go wrong ... not having the money to pay for it would be awful . " Payne learned in the fall that she might qualify for subsidies through the state 's new insurance marketplace , Covered California , because her income fell under the limit of $ 46,000 a year . She eagerly signed up in March for a Blue Shield plan for about $ 230 a month , and began making preparations for the surgery that would change her life . A ` pre-existing condition ' Among the less-talked-about implications of the Affordable Care Act is the relief it is providing to many transgender people , many of whom are low-income and who have struggled to obtain health coverage . Getting jobs that offer insurance often has been difficult for transgender people and the cost of purchasing plans on the private market can be prohibitive . Some have been denied policies altogether after being diagnosed with "  gender identity disorder , " often considered a pre-existing condition . Without insurance , many people were unable to afford the hormones , surgeries and counseling needed to complete their transition . Nor would they have been covered in the event of surgical complications , which can include infections . "  We are still dependent on insurance and the medical community for us to be able to live authentically , " said Aydin Kennedy , coordinator of the transgender health program at St. John 's Well Child and Family Center in Los Angeles . Now , federal law prohibits health insurance companies from discriminating against transgender people , and it bars insurers from denying coverage based on pre-existing conditions . That makes it possible for more transgender people to purchase private plans . And in states that expanded their Medicaid programs , those with low incomes may get free coverage . The federal anti-discrimination regulations have yet to be written , but California insurance regulators have said that companies must treat transgender patients the same as other patients . For example , if plans cover hormones for post-menopausal women , they must also cover them for transgender women . Medicare , the program for the elderly and disabled , lifted its ban on covering sex reassignment surgery earlier this year . "  The law and policy are on a transgender person 's side for the first time , " said Anand Kalra , program administrator at the Oakland-based Transgender Law Center . Conservative and religious groups oppose using government funds for transgender surgeries , questioning whether they are medically necessary , ethical or effective . "  We would oppose sex change operations all together , " said Peter Sprigg , senior fellow at the Family Research Council in Washington . "  But as a public policy issue , we would feel particularly strongly that taxpayers should n't be asked to pay for it . " A few obstacles remain for transgender patients . Not many doctors specialize in transgender care . And while the law opens the door to insurance coverage , insurers can set conditions and do n't automatically approve payment . "  Insurance companies are making up their own rules as they go along , " said Kalra of the Transgender Law Center . ` Feeling complete ' Growing up in Kansas , Payne remembers trying on her mother 's clothes and dressing as a girl every year for Halloween . She dreamt of having another life after this one , as a girl . But Payne said she mostly suppressed her feelings and tried to live up to the expectations for a male . "  I put it out of my head , " she said . She married a woman she met at work and they had four children , now ages 7 to 22 . But she never felt comfortable in the traditional role of father and provider . "  I was just horrible at it because it was n't who I was , " she said . So Payne became the primary caretaker , playing the "  mommy role " as she worked from home doing software development for pharmaceutical companies . She felt increasingly anxious , and in late 2012 , a therapist helped her to realize that she was meant to live as a woman . Payne said her entire outlook on life changed when she started taking female hormones . "  All my anxiety and all of the bad things that I felt inside were just completely washed away , " she said . Payne told her wife , who was upset . She told Payne : I married a man , not a woman -- but she also admitted that she was n't entirely surprised . With mixed feelings , Payne 's wife stayed in the marriage , and the family moved from Kansas to California , in part so Payne could be more comfortable living as a transgender woman . They rented a small house in a middle class neighborhood on the outskirts of Palm Springs and sent their children to the public school . Late last year , Payne 's wife , who had battled alcoholism for years , died of liver disease . Payne said the children worried how people would react to her transition , but she said they soon realized it was n't as big of a deal as they had feared . When Payne brought birthday cupcakes to her 7-year-old daughter 's classroom last year , the children asked if she was a girl or a boy . After Payne told them she was a girl , "  they just wanted their cupcakes . " In California , Payne found transgender friends and became an advocate within the community . "  You find out that there is a whole world of people out there , " said Payne , who wears little makeup or jewelry and calls herself a "  T-shirt and skirt kind of a girl . " Payne was ready for the surgery . She started calling the approved providers in Blue Shield 's preferred provider network . But they were booked up for months , or years . She felt she could n't wait -- she wanted to do the surgery while her children were on summer vacation so they could go to her parents ' house in Kansas as she recovered . She found an out-of-network doctor in Palo Alto who would do the surgery about a month later . "  The time was right and I wanted to get it done , " she said . Her Blue Shield policy said that gender reassignment surgery -- which uses existing tissue to construct female genitalia -- could be covered if patients met certain guidelines . For example , she had to be diagnosed with gender identity disorder and have an "  expressed desire " to live as a member of the opposite sex . By the scheduled date , Blue Shield had authorized the operation but had n't determined exactly how much it would pay for an out-of-network provider . Payne got a cashier 's check for nearly all her savings , $ 27,000 , to pay the doctor , hoping her insurance plan would reimburse most of it . She worried about all the other expenses too , including the hospital stay , lab work and anesthesiology services . The day of the surgery at Sequoia Hospital in Redwood City , Payne said she remembers being wheeled in to the operating room and feeling very calm . When she woke up , with oxygen still attached and wearing her hospital gown , a friend told her that the surgery had gone well , without any immediate complications . Later that day , she had just enough energy to type a few words on her Facebook profile : "  Feeling complete . " Grateful for coverage On a boiling afternoon in early July , about six weeks after the operation , Payne and her friends sat outside on the patio next to a pool . Misters sprayed above them , and Payne 's cat and two dogs wandered beneath their feet . Payne said she did suffer a few complications later -- some swelling and an infection -- but she recovered with medication and support from friends . She is still trying to figure out how much she has to pay out-of-pocket for the surgery and hospital stay -- and how much of that her insurance plan will reimburse . Payne said she believes the lab work , pathology , anesthesiology services and follow-up doctor 's visits were all covered . But recently she got a statement saying she was on the hook for $ 17,000 of the total cost of the surgery . Payne believes that the government and insurance companies should help cover such operations . The population of transgender patients who want surgery is small , and she said they are less likely to suffer mental health problems once they have it . Payne said she will be grateful for whatever coverage she can receive . Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent program of the Kaiser Family Foundation .	Obamacare is providing relief to many transgender people who have struggled to get insurance Some companies used to deny those with gender identity disorder Federal law now prohibits health insurance companies from discriminating
