Los Angeles  CNN  -- A southern California woman convicted of cutting off the penis of her then-husband and throwing it into a garbage disposal was given a life sentence Friday with the possibility of parole after seven years , authorities said . Catherine Kieu , 50 , of Garden Grove , California , and her husband were going through a divorce at the time of the July 2011 incident . The couple married in December 2009 , but in May 2011 the husband filed for divorce , which was granted in August 2011 , according to Orange County court records . Kieu laced her husband 's dinner with the sleep medication Ambien after they had an argument over a friend possibly staying with them at a later date , the Orange County district attorney 's office said in a statement Friday . When the husband went to sleep , Kieu tied his legs and arms to the four corners of the bed , and when he awoke , she pulled down his pants and severed his penis with a knife , prosecutors charged . Kieu then threw the severed penis into the garbage disposal , turned it on and mutilated it , prosecutors alleged . Kieu then called 911 about how her husband was bleeding , and he was taken to the hospital for emergency surgery , authorities said . The victim 's name has not been made public because he is a victim of spousal abuse , police said . The ex-husband , 60 , described the trauma in an impact statement during Friday 's sentencing , according to a statement by the prosecutor 's office . "  The convicted  person  viciously deprived me of part of my life and identity , " the ex-husband told the court . "  Then , as is routine in cases of violence that involve something sexual , the victim must endure , at the hands of the defense , a second attack . This was a cruel and calculated violation of a person 's body and mind . I now struggle with what is before me . She has torn off my identity as a man . She has caused doubt in my belief in good . She has betrayed my trust in people . " On April 29 , a jury convicted Kieu of one felony count of torture , one felony count of aggravated mayhem , and a sentencing enhancement for the personal use of a knife , prosecutors said . The Vietnam-born Kieu is also known as Que Anh Tran , court papers said . She and her ex-husband had no children , divorce papers said . During the trial , Kieu 's attorney said she suffered mental health issues , including depression , and the lawyer argued she should n't be found guilty , the prosecutor 's office said . The Orange County case was widely compared to the1993 attack against John Wayne Bobbitt by his then-wife , Lorena , who cut off his penis with an 8-inch carving knife while he slept . Lorena Bobbitt then drove away , tossing the penis out her car window . The penis was eventually found and surgically reattached . Lorena Bobbitt was later found innocent by reason of insanity . During her testimony , she tearfully described her life at the hands of what she described as her abusive husband . In a separate trial , John Wayne Bobbitt was acquitted of sexually assaulting his wife . He later made adult films .	Catherine Kieu , 50 , is sentenced to life with possibility of parole after seven years She was convicted of severing her then-husband 's penis , putting it in a garbage disposal The husband filed for divorce two months before the July 2011 incident "  She has torn off my identity as a man , " ex-husband says during sentencing
CNN  -- With first lady Michelle Obama turning 50 , we asked some of our 50-and-older CNN colleagues : "  If you could go back in time , what advice would you give to your 30-year-old self ? " Here 's what they had to say : Carol Costello Anchor , "  CNN Newsroom " I wish I could express my honest opinion about articles that deal with the "  dreaded 50 " -- 90 % of me thinks recognizing women turning 50 is a tad sexist . We did not make a big deal when President Obama turned 50 . We recognized it , but we did not ask the President if he would consider using botox or if he would stop playing basketball . Honestly , I do n't think about my age until I read some article telling me I 'm not dead . Then , I begin bitching about why I must be "  sexy " at 50 -- or a cougar who yearns for a man I would have to financially support . It 's funny . Attractive women fight to be taken seriously in their 20s , then yearn to "  not be taken seriously " in their 50s . At least that 's what all those articles tell me . With that in mind , what would I tell 30-year-old Carol Costello ? 1 . OMG EAT ! That old adage that you can never be too thin is bogus . And so not fun . 2 . Having been fired in my 30s , do n't worry . You control your destiny , not them . 3 . Marriage actually IS fantastic . Marry that guy Tim Snyder !  And I did . Christiane Amanpour Chief international correspondent and host of "  Amanpour " 1 . 50 is the new 20 . 2 . Like a great wine , it just gets better with age -- your friendships , your family and your professional confidence . 3 . From 50 , work , life , mind and body balance become the essentials . Paul Begala Political contributor Dear 30-year-old Paul : Writing to you from two decades hence , I got ta tell you : Being 50 is great . Here are some things you should have known at age 30 : 1 . Politics and public service is the most exciting , fulfilling career imaginable . Stay with it . 2 . Even the most exciting , fulfilling career is bulls *** compared to being a father . 3 . Just because someone is on the other side of a political fight , that does not make them a bad person . Try harder to find your common humanity , even as you beat their brains out politically . 4 . Make sure to answer the phone when the governor of Arkansas calls . Anthony Bourdain Host of "  Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown " I doubt very much that my 30-year-old self would have listened -- even to my materialized 57-year-old self . But I guess if I could send a message or three , it would go something like this : 1 . It gets better . Really . 2 . Cocaine is not going to make you happy . 3 . But feel free to f *** up as much as you like because , apparently , it will all pay off in the end . Donna Brazile Political contributor 1 . Your health is your wealth . 2 . Living well is aging well , as in eating right and plenty of exercise . 3 . And stay positive . Joy cometh in the morning . Joe Johns Senior Washington correspondent 1 . If you can find three people in your professional life you can rely on and trust to give you advice , counsel and sound judgment , value them . 2 . Get rid of the mustache . It will come back to haunt you ! 3 . Life is not a sprint , it 's a marathon . Richard Quest International business correspondent and host of "  Quest Means Business " 1 . Life is a long rat race , not a short sprint . Pace yourself . You will still win if you take a bit longer . 2 . Money may not buy happiness , but it buys a very nice misery . Just do n't worship it . 3 . Your good name is like virginity . Once it 's gone , it ai n't coming back . Treasure and guard it jealously . When people can say , "  He 's a good man , " it 's worth a fortune . First lady ` fabulous ' at 50 : Has the big birthday changed ? 50 and fashionable : How Michelle Obama used style to move a nation Opinion : 10 reasons it 's great to turn 50	First lady Michelle Obama turned 50 years old on Friday , January 17 We asked CNN personalities to impart some wisdom they have learned over 50 years Carol Costello : ' 90 % of me thinks recognizing women turning 50 is a tad sexist ' Christiane Amanpour says 50 is the new 20 and that everything gets better with age
CNN  -- The chief prosecutor at the International Criminal Court says he has evidence to prove Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir is guilty of genocide , even though he is not charged with the crime . Omar al-Bashir remains president and has traveled to several countries since warrant was issued . Luis Moreno-Ocampo spoke to CNN on Wednesday , two days after he appealed to the court to add genocide to the existing arrest warrant for al-Bashir . The court issued the warrant in March on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity relating to his five-year campaign of violence in western Sudan 's Darfur region . "  The evidence shows it is genocide , " Moreno-Ocampo said . The warrant was the first one ever issued for a sitting head of state by the world 's only permanent war crimes tribunal , based at The Hague in the Netherlands . It includes five counts of crimes against humanity , including murder , extermination , forcible transfer , torture and rape . It also includes two charges of war crimes for intentionally directing attacks against civilians and for pillaging . Al-Bashir remains president and has traveled to several countries since the warrant was issued , even though any country that is party to the ICC has an obligation to hand him over to The Hague , the court says . The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in Darfur , and 2.5 million have been forced to flee their homes . Sudan denies the death toll is that high . The violence in Darfur erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Sudanese government . To counter the rebels , Sudanese authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents there , according to the United Nations , Western governments and human rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels drew strength . In his appeal to the court Monday , Moreno-Ocampo complained that the judges ' standard for adding the genocide charge to the warrant is too high . The judges want him to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that al-Bashir committed genocide , but that level of proof is not required for a warrant , which only requires a reasonable inference of guilt , he said . "  They are requesting a level of evidence that is the level of evidence required at the trial stage , not at the beginning of the process , " Moreno-Ocampo said . Part of the reason that prosecutors can not provide more evidence at this stage is because al-Bashir is attacking witnesses who are willing to provide information to prosecutors , Moreno-Ocampo said . Presenting more evidence could endanger the victims , he said . "  It 's a legal issue , " he said . "  The judgment by itself is very important , but in addition I can not accept this wrong legal standard . " The judges believe the crimes that Moreno-Ocampo classifies as genocide instead fall under the category of crimes against humanity , he said . Even if Moreno-Ocampo were successful in adding genocide to the warrant , he would still face a difficult task in proving the charges at trial , said Mark Ellis , the executive director of the International Bar Association . "  Genocide is a much more complicated legal position to meet  than war crimes and crimes against humanity  because you have to show in proving genocide that there was an intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a group based on -- in this case -- ethnicity or race , " Ellis told CNN . "  Obviously the prosecutor believes he would be able to prove this intent and so he wants the opportunity to prove that in trial . " But if Moreno-Ocampo loses the appeal , Ellis said , it would not minimize the seriousness of the case . "  The charges that have been  alleged  on war crimes and crimes against humanity are still very serious charges and they are egregious acts , " he said . A ruling on the appeal is likely within six months , Moreno-Ocampo told CNN .	Luis Moreno-Ocampo calls for genocide to be added to al-Bashir 's charges Sudan leader already charged with war crimes , crimes against humanity Relates to five-year campaign of violence in western Sudan 's Darfur region U.N. estimates 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict
CNN  -- I get asked by political candidates all the time "  what can I do to learn how to grow my Twitter following ? " After last night , I have a new and simple answer . "  Watch NASCAR . " Or at least , watch and emulate NASCAR 's savviest tweeter . NASCAR drivers and politicians have the same objective on Twitter : grow an echo chamber of supporters for unfiltered communication to build loyalty . In one incident during Monday night 's Daytona 500 , a 28-year-old NASCAR driver named Brad Keselowski delivered perhaps the most useful campaign schooling on the keys to effective use of the fastest growing social media tool . By the time most East Coast politicians were asleep Monday , a freak accident caused a 200-gallon jet fuel fire on the track in the closing stages of the rain-delayed Daytona race . Keselowski  his twitter handle is @Keselowski  , used his camera phone to take a picture from his car of the disaster in front of him and then tweet it out to his 55,000 followers . His tweet went viral instantly , ballooning his Twitter following by more than 100,000 followers over the next couple of hours . As of this Tuesday afternoon  a 12-hour stretch  , his following was up 300 % to 201,000 . That surge makes Keselowski one of the most followed figures in racing , but also way up there in the larger world of sports . As a reference point , the winner at Daytona , Matt Kenseth  @mattkenseth  , has more than 72,000 followers and racing scion Dale Earnhardt , Jr.  @DaleJr  has around 91,000 . NASCAR driver tweets from car , gains 100,000 followers To be sure , Keslowski 's band is but a fraction of the ones behind early Twitter adopters Chad Ochocinco of the New England Patriots and Dwight Howard of the Orlando Magic -- but his number is now four times larger than the Twitter following of one of baseball 's biggest names , New York Yankee star Mariano Rivera  @MarianoRivera  . Mere stardom does not build a social media presence ; it takes regular tweets that are good enough to inspire followers to spread them further via re-tweets to their own networks . What can politicians take from this ? Compared to nationally known politicians , many of whom are in the news every day , Keselowski 's "  instant " following is bigger than Rick Santorum 's  147,000  , closing in on Mitt Romney 's 351,000 , double Sen. Marco Rubio 's  73,000  and double the size of the Democratic senator who is perhaps most talented at Twitter 's use , Claire McCaskill  64,300  . The relative sizes of those followings put into perspective how hard it is to grow an audience , what a big move Keselowski made in just a few hours and the huge potential for those who know what they 're doing on Twitter . How did that one tweet  and the conversation that followed  do it ? Yes , it was about a sensational event -- a fire during a NASCAR race . But I would argue it was something more than that . It bore all the characteristics of effective communication on this most personal broadcast medium : 1  It was authentic , 2  It was revelatory to what the tweeter was thinking and experiencing , 3  It was time-sensitive , 4  It added value to a national conversation that was already ongoing . These same four lessons have great teaching values to political candidates and campaigns as they seek to build a following on social media and thus develop a new and powerful way to reach out to voters . A few have already heeded them . For starters , McCaskill  @ClaireCMcC  and Sen. John Cornyn  @JohnCornyn  thrive on Twitter because they do their own tweeting , unlike politicians who leave Twitter duty to staff members -- it 's a personal medium and authenticity is the most important quality . Second , we got a window into Keselowski 's attitude : When it works in politics Twitter reveals things about the candidate 's sense of humor or values as much or more than his or her positions . Third , Keselowski 's tweet did n't wait until the next business day or until he could get to pit row . It happened on track , and in the moment . Finally , a good tweet becomes a viral sensation beyond one 's current pool of followers when it adds a new chapter to a broader conversation already raging . Keslowski 's tweet did n't start a conversation about the jet-fuel fire , it fed it , and then steered it in a new direction . That 's why Twitter is a must-use tool during key national events like debates , presidential speeches , major sporting events , etc. . It 's like having 20 million of your closest friends in your living room . Political candidates who take Twitter seriously should be active in the conversations millions of Americans have during those big events , whether they are about politics or not . To put these two worlds together , imagine if Santorum had been the first to react to Keselowski 's on-track tweet and engaged the driver 's fans in "  can-you-believe-it " conversation ? His own following would have grown -- adding new followers he likely would never give up . Campaigns and elected officials should work hard at developing a Twitter following that is organic and earned . It provides a mechanism to communicate directly to the people most interested in what they have to say , for free , and without the filter of a hostile opponent or a skeptical media . Any questions ? Just follow @keslowski . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brad Todd .	Brad Todd : NASCAR driver 's viral tweet Monday could be instructive for politicians He says tweet of track fire spiked driver 's traffic ; made him instantly a most-followed He says politicians should try more to connect with voters in this same "  in-the-moment " way Todd : Politicians should write their own tweets ; they should be organic
EW.com  -- Bane is ready to ditch his mask for rose-colored glasses . Tom Hardy has signed on to play Elton John in Rocket Pictures ' biopic "  Rocketman , " which will be released in the U.S. by Focus Features . Five reasons Tom Hardy is perfect for the role "  Rocketman " will tell John 's legendary story , from his childhood to his unbelievable rise to fame . John is set to re-record a number of his biggest hits to match the emotional moments in the film , which will be directed by Michael Gracey . The filmmaker is also helming the upcoming film "  The Greatest Showman on Earth , " which stars Hugh Jackman . Weary ` Fifty Shades of Grey ' fans rank the latest Christian Grey contenders With an original screenplay written by Academy Award nominee Lee Hall  "  War Horse "  , "  Rocketman " is scheduled to start shooting in fall 2014 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tom Hardy will play Elton John in a new biopic The movie "  Rocketman " will be released in the U.S. by Focus Features The biopic will tell John 's story from childhood to immense celebrity It 's scheduled to begin filming in fall 2014
LONDON , England  CNN  -- What are reigning world champions Italy , European champions Spain , and football giants Brazil doing taking on teams like New Zealand and Iraq this month ? Robinho  left  and Ronaldinho  right  celebrate Brazil winning the Confederations Cup in 2005 . It sounds like a complete mismatch , but the eight-team FIFA Confederations Cup which starts in South Africa on Sunday , will see these teams pitted against one another in what is a dress-rehearsal of sorts for next year 's World Cup . Dubbed by FIFA , world football 's governing body , the "  festival of champions " , the tournament involves primarily the winning teams from regional competitions in each of the world 's six football federations -- Spain from Europe  UEFA  , Brazil from South America  CONMEBOL  , Iraq from Asia  AFC  , U.S. from the Americas  CONCACAF  , New Zealand from Oceania  OFC  , and Egypt from Africa  CAF  . These sides qualified for the tournament by winning their respective regional competitions , while South Africa gained automatic entry as the tournament hosts , and Italy as World Cup holders . The tournament format sees the eight teams split into two groups of four for a round-robin stage , before the top two teams from each group progress to knock-out semi-finals and then the final on June 28 . In-form Spain head to the tournament as favorites , while a resurgent Brazil side and World Cup holders Italy also ca n't be discounted . Egypt could be the dark horses of the event -- but they do have a tough group with games against both Brazil and Italy . The scrap for second in Spain 's pool could well be the other interesting storyline from the competition , as South Africa , Iraq and New Zealand fight it out for a place in the final four . • See profiles of the eight teams involved in the 2009 Confederations Cup . " While the tournament does n't carry with it the same prestige as a World Cup , it is essentially a trial run of the main event for the host nation , and for the lower-ranked countries involved it offers invaluable experience playing against the world 's best . Ricky Herbert , coach of New Zealand 's national team the "  All Whites " , told the NZ Soccer Web site the tournament is always hugely attractive to the South Pacific nation as it offers a great opportunity for the national team . Herbert 's side narrowly lost 4-3 to World Cup holders Italy in a friendly on Wednesday , and he said the big-game experience is excellent . "  It 's a fantastic opportunity . It may be mammoth gap between where they are and where we are but it gives a chance on that world stage to put a good foot forward , and I think we can . " "  Whilst it 'll be great for the players on the pitch to play the best players and the best teams in the world , football fans can switch that on and watch their own team play the likes of Fabio Cannavaro or Fernando Torres or whoever , " Herbert said .	The Confederations Cup tournament takes place in South Africa this month Eight teams are involved in the tournament including Spain , Italy and Brazil Entry is limited to regional champions , the World Cup holders and the hosts
EW.com  -- When it comes to its creature design , "  The Darkest Hour " opts for a less-is-more approach . Unfortunately , in this case , less is just less . Rather than any Gigeresque monstrosities or the insectoid extraterrestrials of the J.J. Abrams canon , the space invaders of this surprisingly thrill-less Moscow-set thriller are invisible for much of the film . When you can see them , they resemble nothing more exciting than floating Windows screensavers . By the time these glowing gyros drift down from the night sky like fluff blown off of some cosmic dandelion , we 've already been introduced to our gang of would-be survivors and have pretty much figured out in what order they 're going to die . Not that we 'll be too upset , as it 's clear from early on that these characters are as indistinct and lazily rendered as the floating blobs chasing them . The core crew is thus : two American entrepreneurial hopefuls  Emile Hirsch and Max Minghella  , a craven and duplicitous Swede  Joel Kinnaman  , and two female friends on vacation  Olivia Thirlby and Rachael Taylor  , now navigating the Russian capital after much of its population has been reduced to ash . The aliens disintegrate any humans they touch , like the tripods of 2005 's "  War of the Worlds . " But where Steven Spielberg evoked muted horror from the victims ' cindered remains , you get the feeling that "  The Darkest Hour " director Chris Gorak and screenwriter Jon Spaihts just do it because it looks cool . They do manage to eke out some fleeting dread when the creatures ' electrical fields turn a row of flickering streetlamps into a tense , signaled approach . But when the script switches genres , exchanging survival horror for resistance fighting , it loses whatever momentum it had , and you 're left with a battle between two sides , neither of which are particularly interesting . You should be rooting for the humans , but you might as well be rooting for the blobs . Most likely , though , you 'll just be rooting for the credits . EW.com rating : D + See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The space invaders of this surprisingly thrill-less Moscow-set thriller are invisible It 's clear from early on that these characters are as indistinct and lazily rendered But when the script switches genres it loses whatever momentum it had
Hong Kong  CNN  -- If you can tolerate the junkies on the stairwells or the rats that sometimes scale the 12 floors of her building on the external electrical wiring , Lui 's penthouse shack ticks all the boxes for a multi-million dollar property in Hong Kong . It 's light , it 's well ventilated and it has sweeping views of Kowloon 's Lion Rock Hill . Constructed from recycled materials , the design is customized to her lifestyle down to the last detail . "  This is my washing machine , " says Lui , pointing proudly to a small stainless steel basin on the terrace side of her rooftop house in Sham Shui Po . "  I do my tai chi exercises here in the morning , and on moonlit nights I like to sit out here and look out on the mountain . " Anywhere else in Hong Kong , luxury apartments can often fetch HK$ 100 million  US$ 12.85 million  , and a house with these features could easily cost the average transaction price of HK$ 13.25 million  US$ 1.7 million  , according to data released by agency Midland Realty earlier this year . The only difference is that as an unprepossessing corrugated iron shack that forms part of Hong Kong 's extensive network of sky slums -- technically illegal rooftop structures barnacled onto the roofs of tenements built in the 1950s and 60s -- the market is sluggish . Nevertheless , a gray market in these slum dwellings does exist . "  Of course the agent never explicitly says it 's a rooftop dwelling . The listing will say something like small apartment with a unique view or interesting features , " says Dr. Ernest Chiu of Hong Kong University who has studied informal housing . "  I 've heard anecdotal evidence of them changing hands for HK$ 40,000  US$ 5,000  but that was three years ago when I was doing my research . " In the volatile world of Hong Kong property prices , says realtor Janice Chan of Y&L Properties , they could now be worth a lot more . "  Even if a dwelling has an illegal structure status , I would say that it was absolutely impossible to get anything in Hong Kong for under $ HK1 million  US$ 129,000  , " Chan says . World 's most expensive luxury city is ... She contends prices could even exceed this , making Lui 's hand-built shanty one of the most expensive slum dwellings in the world . According to the latest Hong Kong census from 2006 , there are 3,962 rooftop dwellers in 1,556 households in Hong Kong . Mostly found in old urban areas in Kowloon -- Sham Shui Po , Kwun Tung and Tai Kok Tsui -- the houses are crammed together so tightly that they form their own above-ground streetscapes , complete with gardens , playgrounds and places of worship . The slums are a hangover from the housing crises of the 1950s and 1960s when successive waves of refugees from mainland China set up squatter cities in Hong Kong . Many of the residents have lived in the slums for more than 30 years , and new arrivals tend to be underprivileged migrants from either mainland China , Pakistan , Nepal or other parts of Asia . Since 2001 , when 16,359 people lived on Hong Kong 's rooftops , the number of illegal dwellings has reduced dramatically . While government policy has played a part , more often the tenements -- under constant pressure due to the shortage of land in Hong Kong -- are torn down to make way for new shopping and residential developments . For the government , which supplies these rooftop communities with a postal service , water and electricity ; collects rates ; and even levies stamp duty on their sale and purchase , the sky slums operate under an established practice of "  tolerance versus demolition , " says Chiu . Their existence , while not ideal , keeps almost 4,000 people off a crowded public housing queue , he adds . Fire restrictions are strict  those with a single rather than double fire exits are earmarked for demolition as a top priority  , and building codes rigidly enforced  adding an extra floor to a non-structural building is forbidden  , but the Building Department 's normal practice is simply to issue a notice that slates the illegal structure for eventual demolition . Under this system , illegal rooftop dwellings often survive for decades and are bought and sold with the demolition notice as part of the negotiated price of the transaction . Despite their quasi-legal status , Chiu explains , authorities will act promptly , if they receive complaints from third parties , making the residents vulnerable to abuse . "  There have been reports of some owners , living on the floor immediately below the rooftop huts , making complaints to the building authority to get their rooftop neighbors evicted , " he says . "  In other cases , the landlord renting these huts may make complaints to evade their responsibilities as stipulated in the landlord-tenant contract . " As for Lui , she says she has owned her house for decades . The double fire exit on the roof has made her structure safe from demolition , and she has no plans to move from Sham Shui Po . "  If they moved me to public housing it would shorten my life , " she says , pointing to the nearby tower blocks . "  Those flats are too small . " While there are disadvantages -- she says the house rocks in typhoons , the dark stairwell attracts drug users , and the rats are too clever to be trapped -- she says there 's nowhere else she 'd rather live . "  My neighbors are great , the police are quick to come if we have any trouble with drugs , there 's no crime , the shops are downstairs and everything is just so convenient , " she says . "  People may look down on me , but I certainly do n't look down on myself . " Alexis Lai contributed to this report .	Hong Kong 's network of sky slums are barnacled onto roofs of tenements built in 1950s , '60s Mostly found in old urban areas in Kowloon -- Sham Shui Po , Kwun Tung and Tai Kok Tsui Contrasts with luxury apartments that can often fetch up to US$ 12.85 million Slums stem from housing crises of 1950s , 60s when waves of Chinese refugees arrived
CNN  -- Thousands of people are opting out of flying for Thanksgiving this year , but passengers who do book plane tickets for the holiday will still see jam-packed flights , the trade group that represents major U.S. airlines said Thursday . About 23.2 million travelers will fly during a 12-day period surrounding Turkey Day , a 2 % drop from last year , according to a forecast by the Air Transport Association of America . Even though that translates to 37,000 fewer people flying per day over the holiday period , airlines are reducing capacity and limiting the number of seats available for sale to match the lower demand . Share your favorite holiday vacation spots "  For the busiest holidays , it 's always good counsel to book early and book often , " said John Heimlich , vice president and chief economist for the association . "  Based on published airline schedules , these cuts are expected to continue through the winter . " The busiest air travel days for the Thanksgiving holiday period are expected to be Sunday , November 27 , Monday , November 28 , and Friday , November 18 , the association said . The least traveled day is expected to be Thanksgiving Day itself , or November 24 , Heimlich said . Experts advise flying on the holiday to avoid the worst crowds at the airport and in the sky . 5 tips for booking Thanksgiving flights Heimlich attributed the overall drop in demand for airline seats to high unemployment , a drop in disposable income and high energy prices . Commenting on the overall state of the airline industry , the association warned that 2011 is shaping up to be worse financially than last year for the airlines , with higher costs outpacing higher revenues . Fuel was the largest driver of expenses , rising 38 % for the first nine months of this year . Razor-thin margins mean carriers are able to keep less than a penny in profit for every dollar of revenue , Heimlich said . "  Given these facts and the commercial situation , it 's not surprising that as the year has gone by we 've seen a trend toward reduction of seating capacity . "	37,000 fewer people per day are expected to fly during the holiday But flights will still be full because airlines have reduced capacity The least traveled day is expected to be Thanksgiving Day itself
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid took control of the Champions League "  Group of Death " with a 4-1 rout of Ajax in Amsterdam Wednesday . It was their second successive win in Group D to lead the way from Borussia Dortmund , who have four points after they drew 1-1 at Manchester City . Ronaldo warmed up for the Clasico clash with Barcelona at the weekend by with some expert finishing , converting Karim Benzema 's cross for the opener just before the break . Benzema added a second in the 48th minute with a superb overhead kick before Dutch champions Ajax cut the lead on 56 minutes when Niklas Moisander headed home . But Ronaldo curled home a third in the 79th minute and then completed his first hat-trick in the competition -- his second in a week -- with an impudent chip . English champions Manchester City looked set for their second straight defeat in the competition when they trailed 1-0 to Dortmund late in the game at the Etihad Stadium . But Sergio Aguero 's hooked shot hit Neven Subotic 's outstretched arm and a hotly disputed penalty was given . Mario Balotelli scored in his customary casual style from the spot to salvage a point for Roberto Mancini 's men . They had trailed to a fine goal by Marco Reus on the hour mark and it took a string of incredible saves from England goalkeeper Joe Hart and a glaring miss from Robert Lewandowski to deny the German champions a deserved win . "  I think that Joe saved us . He did very , very well , " Mancini told Sky Sports after the match . "  Today we deserved to concede three or four goals . We did n't play well . We did n't play well because Borussia Dortmund played better than us . Real 's Spanish counterparts Malaga also continued their impressive introduction to the Champions League by winning 3-0 at Anderlecht to top Group C. Eliseu scored twice and Joaquin converted a first half penalty as they dominated in Belgium for a second straight victory in the group . Earlier , AC Milan won a dramatic five-goal encounter in St Petersburg against Zenit . An own goal by Tomas Hubocan gave the Italian giants victory after they had been pegged back , having taken a two-goal lead . Urby Emanuelson with a deflected free kick and Stephan El Shaarawy scored for the visitors in the space of three minutes . But the home side hit back and after a string of superb saves by Milan goalkeeper Christian Abbiati , Brazilian Hulk reduced the deficit just before halftime . Roman Shirokov headed home Hulk 's corner to level just after the break but Hubocan helped home a weak effort by Giampaolo Pazzini to leave his team pointless after two games . While Manchester City struggled , their EPL rivals Arsenal made it two wins from two in Group B with a 3-1 home victory over Olympiakos of Greece . Gervinho continued his recent scoring run with the opener for the Gunners , but Kostas Mitroglou glanced home an equalizer before halftime . Lukas Podolski put Arsenal back ahead in the 56th minute before Aaron Ramsey rounded off the victory in injury time . Schalke were denied their second win in the group as 10-man Montpellier scored a 90th-minute equalizer . Striker Souleymane Camara stuck in the 90th minute to earn a 2-2 draw for the French visitors . Karim Ait-Fana had put them ahead early on before the Royal Blues hit back through teenager Julia Draxler . Schalke looked headed for victory as Garry Bocaly fouled Draxler in the penalty area and was shown a red card in conceding the spot kick . Klaas-Jan Huntelaar converted the penalty before Montpellier leveled through Camara 's curling shot . In Group A , an 83rd-minute goal by James Rodriguez gave Porto a 1-0 home win over big spending Paris Saint-Germain . The result leaves Porto three points clear of PSG , who are tied on three points with Dynamo Kiev after the Ukrainians beat Dinamo Zagreb 2-0 .	Real Madrid top "  Group of Death " after 4-1 win at Ajax Cristiano Ronaldo scores a hat-trick in Amsterdam Manchester City salvage home point against Borussia Dortmund Malaga continue impressive debut in Group C
A college trip to Israel changed rabbi Kalman Levine 's life , his childhood best friend Shimon Kraft remembers . They grew up in Kansas City , Missouri . Levine was always whip smart , funny and kind . He became a giving husband , a wise dad to nine children and a doting grandfather to five , his friend said . Kalman was a dental student at University of Southern California when the two went to Israel . Levine loved it so much he stayed and devoted his life to studying Jewish text . "  To be killed in such a cruel way when all he cared about was kindness ... " Kraft said , his voice trailing off . "  I know he 's in a great place . His priority in life was connecting to God . " Levine 's friends and family cling to that optimism in the wake of his slaying , along with three others rabbis , on Tuesday at the ultra-Orthodox Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof . At 7 a.m. local time , officials say that two Palestinian cousins from East Jerusalem , armed with a gun and butcher knives , came charging into the synagogue and slaughtered 55-year-old Levine , Moshe Twersky , 59 ; Aryeh Kupinsky , 43 and Avraham Shmuel Goldberg , 68 . Levine , Kupinsky and Twerksy had dual U.S.-Israeli citizenship , according to the Jerusalem Post . Goldberg was a British-Israeli national , authorities said , and reportedly grew up in Liverpool . While police tried to apprehend the attackers , at least eight people were wounded . Among them was 30-year-old Israel police officer Zidan Saif , who was Druze . The Druze are an Arabic-speaking religious community , a monotheistic offshoot of Islam that also combines elements of other religions . Many of its members live in Israeli-occupied Golan Heights . Saif died hours later Tuesday . Thousands , including those from the ultra-Orthodox Jewish community , attended his funeral Wednesday , Haaretz reported . The terror attack left behind more than a gut-wrenching scene . Police released photos of the synagogue 's floor covered in blood and prayer books and prayer shawls covered in red . It has inflamed already strained relations between Palestinians and Jews and put the city of Jerusalem on edge . The brutality at the synagogue was the deadliest attack in Jerusalem since 2008 when a man with an automatic weapon and handgun killed eight seminary students . A series of stabbings and vehicles attacks has recently beset the city . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called the attack "  the direct result of incitement being led by Hamas " and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , referring first to the Palestinian group that controls Gaza and next to the Fatah movement leader in control of the West Bank . Abbas reportedly condemned the attack and stressed the importance of ending the sometimes root of such violence , including tensions over what Jews call the Temple Mount and Palestinians call al-Aqsa Mosque . Ma'an , a semi-official Palestinian news agency , identified the attackers as Ghassan Abu Jamal and his cousin Udayy . It 's unclear whether their alleged actions were part of a coordinated campaign or spontaneous . A ` gigantic soul ' A world away , in Los Angeles , Shimon Kraft focused on remembering his friend . "  He had an amazingly gigantic soul , " he told CNN . "  He did n't waste a minute . He was so alive . " Levine had been living in Israel for years , Kraft said . Alan Edelman , the executive director of the Jewish Federation of Greater Kansas City , said Levine moved to Israel 30 years ago . "  He was always a sweet , wonderful person , " Edelman told CNN . "  He was really someone who tried to bring people together no matter what their background was , and their approach to life or religion . Such a tragic irony that a person who loved his fellow human beings would meet a tragic end in such a horrible attack . " Dedicated to faith Moshe Twersky immigrated to Israel in 1990 , The New York Times reported . Twersky is originally from Boston , according to the Jerusalem Post , and his father was Isadore Twersky . The elder Twersky was an internationally renowned rabbi and philosopher as well as a professor of Hebrew literature at Harvard University . When he died in 1997 , the Harvard Crimson called him a pioneer of Jewish thought . Moshe Twersky 's grandfather was Joseph B. Soloveitchik , who is considered a founding father of modern Orthodox philosophy . A New York Times obituary on Isadore Twersky says that Moshe Twersky had two brothers who were rabbis . Isadore Twersky formerly directed the Center for Jewish Studies at Harvard . "  I know that I speak for all of us in the CJS community when I say that we are heartbroken at the news of this unspeakable act of sacrilegious cruelty , " Eric Nelson , the director of the center , told CNN . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the Twersky family at this terribly sad and difficult time . " Moshe Twersky graduated from Boston 's Maimonides School in 1973 , the school said in a statement , adding that "  the Maimonides School Family is engulfed in grief and outrage . " Twerksy is survived by his wife , Bashy , their five children and many grandchildren . Kupinsky grew up in the Detroit suburb of Oak Park , the Detroit Free Press reported . The 43-year-old was a member of Young Israel of Oak Park , one of the largest Orthodox Jewish congregations in Michigan and moved to Israel with his family when he was in elementary school , a boyhood friend , Michael Zwick , told the newspaper . "  It was a terrible thing to hear , " Zwick said of the slayings . "  He was so sweet , always smiling , always saying nice things , " Kupinsky 's friend Esther Schwartz told the newspaper . "  We 're shaken to the core . My husband and I could n't stop crying this morning . We ca n't get it out of our heads , our minds . ... Such a useless , hateful thing they did killing him . " Goldberg , who used to work as a chemical engineer , lived in Jerusalem with his wife and six children , his cousin Michelle Hirschfield told the Guardian . She is from London , and he left the British city more than 20 years ago . "  We are completely devastated , " she told the newspaper . "  He was just a tolerant , good man . ... I was due to see him in a couple of weeks when he was going to be in London . " "  This has brought it all home to us , " she said . "  This was a man who was simply praying in the morning at his usual synagogue , just going about his daily life , not trying to impose his views on anyone . " ` Wonderful men ... slaughtered ' The devastation felt from the slayings was evident among mourners at an eulogy for the four rabbis . "  When four great men , wonderful men , wise in Torah study are slaughtered while praying in public , there is no public grieving greater than that , " the man at a microphone said in Hebrew to the large crowd in the street . A camera captured young women wrapping their arms around each other and swaying . One buried her head in another 's shoulder and wept . "  It was horrific , " a man described as a witness to the slayings said in a Reuters video . "  I ca n't imagine such attacks would occur to our community . We have to take some time to walk out of the trauma . " The new President of Israel Reuven Rivlin attended officer Saif 's funeral , as did members of the ultra-Orthodox community where the attack occurred , several news outlets reported . He has been vocal , Haaretz noted , about the need to better Jewish-Arab relations and to coexist in Israeli society . He praised Saif for his bravery and selflessness , the newspaper said . "  I stand before you in shock and in pain . ... Terror that does not differentiate between people , between creeds . ... Your beloved Zidan , one of this state 's best sons , did n't hesitate and did n't waver , " Rivlin said . "  He was among the first to reach the scene of the massacre , among the first to protect the people of Jerusalem . Your dear Zidan stood fearlessly before the terrorists and used his own body to block their attack , to block their fire . " The President addressed the mourners as another person wounded in the attack fought for his life . CNN partner network CTV said Canadian-Israeli dual citizen Howard Rothman , who was stabbed in his head , eyes and arms , was in a medically induced coma . "  He was trying to fight off the attackers , " Toby Trumpter-Kraman , a family friend , told CTV . Obama condemns ` horrific ' Jerusalem terror attack	Slain rabbis -- three American and one British -- were devoted to studying Jewish text Druze police officer , who tried to stop attackers , is praised for his bravery Two Palestinian cousins armed with knives and a gun attacked the synagogue Tuesday
CNN  -- Airport transportation security officers are probably the least understood and most maligned of federal employees . Travelers hate them for taking away water bottles and making them take off their shoes . If a story is reported about them , it 's along the lines of a little old lady getting groped . They are the victims of unflattering stereotypes that make easy targets for cheap laughs . Even President Barack Obama made a joke about pat-downs in a 2011 State of the Union address . And when the Government Accountability Office found increased Transportation Security Administration officer misconduct , it just ratcheted up their unpopularity . The report was jarring and disturbing -- rising numbers of absenteeism , theft and intentional security lapses . Obviously , these are red flags that ca n't be ignored . Report : TSA employee misconduct up 26 % in 3 years Unfortunately , instead of taking on the issue of stopping the misconduct , GAO 's focus was on how TSA "  could strengthen oversight of allegations of employee misconduct , " the safe issues of process oversight , management of the accusations and data gathering versus digging into the controversial root causes of the actual misconduct . TSA 's response was to assure us it fires those proven to have violated the public trust . In fact , it does . It will be tempting for TSA leaders to rally around solutions involving tougher discipline , deeper investigations and more thorough documentation . That would be exactly the wrong way to fix the real problem . In today 's TSA , too many officers switch off their minds in favor of just finishing out the shift without rocking the boat . This may be the root cause of the GAO-identified misdeeds . TSA needs to have its officers switched-on and motivated . The security workforce comprises many who stepped up after 9/11 to stop terror attacks . My experience with transportation security officers is that they are overwhelmingly dedicated , sharp , willing and empathetic to passengers and their problems . As The New York Times correctly pointed out in an editorial : "  T.S.A. asks its officers to enforce rules of questionable utility while giving them remarkably little discretion . ... That is a huge waste of human talent . " Inside look at TSA bomb training Considering that the human brain is the most sophisticated technology on the planet and that the officers have experience with hundreds of thousands of passengers , the question would seem to be : "  How do we get the most from this resource that we already pay and have on duty at checkpoints ? " It is not through additional rules and a more robust disciplinary process . Security officers are in the best position to use their experience and training and detect a threat not covered in the Standard Operating Procedure . Al Qaeda knows the rules and designs its attacks to comply with it . To stop attacks , officers thinking on their own needs to be encouraged , not disciplined . Once officers are allowed to think for themselves , it opens the door for mistakes and criticism . But people can be taught the fundamentals of risk management , which provides a framework for making informed judgments . The risk strategy must be carefully thought out -- complexity theory , with its network orientation , is the best way to think about transportation security risk -- and risk management tools understood and applied . A nation with no airline security Armed with substantial intelligence resources , TSA 's air marshals , inspectors and security officers need to be nimble in thinking about and applying the principles of risk management . But they also must be empowered to act . TSA needs to make these changes right now to take on the root causes of its public and security issues . It needs to clean up the mind numbing , overly complicated checkpoint "  standard operating procedure , " which no longer matches our security needs and allow officers to act . What needs to be changed : • The intrusive pat-down needs to be discontinued in favor of a lighter technique supplemented with available technologies . • The "  prohibited items " list needs to be radically reduced to ban only real security threats such as explosives and toxins . As far as carrying knives , the FAA should make it a serious federal offense to intimidate a member of the flight crew or another passenger with a blade -- and then TSA can remove blades from the prohibited list . Blades represent virtually no threat to the aircraft at this point . And the baggie rule should be dropped . Current technology allows threat liquids to be detected when they are taken out of the carry-on and scanned in a bin . • Passengers should be chosen randomly for shoes and coat inspections . Precheck programs for frequent fliers that expedite security screening should be applied to all travelers . • Workers need to be retrained in risk management and encouraged to use their own judgment and experience , consulting with team members , to make prudent discretionary security calls . • The pay-for-performance system for transportation security officers needs to be reinstated . When transportation security officers unionized , merit pay was replaced by the seniority system -- essentially , if officers follow the standard operating procedure , they get regular pay raises up till retirement regardless of how well they perform . • We need to allow real private-sector innovation to compete and play a more meaningful role in security . Today , a fig leaf system is in place that calls itself "  private sector " but is in reality just personnel outsourcing . These outsourced employees have to follow the TSA process exactly -- the only difference is that they get to charge an 8 % markup on all their expenses . We need to get new ideas from outside the TSA that can be tested at our checkpoints . A clear risk management strategy along with these changes , taken together , would energize checkpoint activity , bring the public more on board , drive out the few bad apples , and improve security . See also : How much do we really hate the TSA ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kip Hawley .	Kip Hawley : Airport transportation security officers are misunderstood He says infractions are related to being unmotivated and enforcing senseless rules Hawley : Officers need to be trained , empowered and allowed to think for themselves He says allow banned items , except obvious ones ; stop shoe inspections , intrusive pat-downs
New York  CNN  -- The National Transportation Safety Board said Tuesday that it will investigate what happened Monday night when a massive Air France jet clipped a smaller aircraft at John F. Kennedy Airport . The incident , caught on amateur video , shows the Air France Airbus 380 clipping the smaller plane , a Comair Bombardier CRJ-700 , while taxiing to the runway for takeoff . CNN Correspondent Jim Bittermann , who was on the Air France flight headed to Paris , said that he felt a slight rumble -- akin to hitting a patch of rough pavement -- as his plane was moving on the ground Monday at about 8:15 p.m. . The pilot then stopped the aircraft , which is regarded as the world 's biggest passenger jet , and eventually fire department crews surrounded it and the other plane . The Airbus had 485 passengers and 25 crew members aboard when the incident happened . The Bombardier had 62 passengers and four crew members . No one was injured , the NTSB reported . The tail of Comair Flight 6293 , a Delta Connection flight that had recently arrived from Boston , was struck by the Air France aircraft while waiting to park at the New York airport , said Delta spokeswoman Betsy Talton . When the Airbus abruptly flicked the smaller plane , it appeared to turn at roughly a 45-degree angle , according to amateur video of the incident . "  Send a truck . They just hit us , " the pilot of the smaller jet calmly called out to controllers over the radio , according to a recording of airport radio traffic on the website liveatc.com . Looking out the window , Bittermann could see that the last foot or so of the Airbus 380 's left wing had been damaged . The other plane also suffered some damage . "  You could see the part of the 380 's wing hanging down from the horizontal stabilizer of the Delta jet , " he said , having seen the damage firsthand from a seat on the larger plane 's left side . The Federal Aviation Administration was notified about the incident , and Port Authority police detectives interviewed the pilots of both aircraft , the Port Authority spokeswoman said . Those on the Comair flight were later able to get off the plane normally , according to Talton . The Air France Flight 007 originally had been scheduled to take off at 7:15 p.m. for Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris , according to that airline 's website . But , after the incident , it turned around and all its passengers deplaned and picked up their baggage at the New York airport . Bittermann described passengers ' mood aboard that flight as relatively light-hearted and calm after the pilot alerted them of what happened . The NTSB said it has asked for flight recorders from both airplanes and will also review air traffic control tapes and ground movement radar . CNN 's Rob Frehse and Kate Bolduan contributed to this report	NEW : NTSB will review voice recorders , ground radar in accident investigation An Air France jet clipped a Delta Connection plane , a Delta official says A CNN reporter on the Air France plane says it stopped after a slight rumble A Port Authority spokeswoman says there were no injuries on either plane
Gary , Indiana  CNN  -- The man accused in a string of killings in Indiana appeared in court for the first time Wednesday but was held in contempt after he refused to answer the judge 's questions , forcing the hearing to be rescheduled for next week , CNN 's Poppy Harlow reported . Darren Deon Vann has been charged in the death of 19-year-old Afrikka Hardy , and authorities say he has confessed to killing six other women and led police to their bodies . On Wednesday afternoon , Lake County prosecutors also charged Vann in the death of a second woman , Anith Jones . Vann faces three counts related to Jones , including murder , murder in the perpetration of a robbery and robbery resulting in serious bodily injury , according to court documents . Jones , 35 , had been missing since October . Vann , 43 , was expected to have an initial hearing on Wednesday related to Hardy 's case but instead Magistrate Judge Kathleen Sullivan postponed the hearing until October 29 after Vann refused to speak . "  You may want to explain to your client he stays in jail for the rest of his life until this hearing takes place , " Sullivan told Vann 's defense attorney , Matthew Fech . Vann had initially refused to attend the hearing but Fech , a court appointed public defender , convinced him otherwise , said Lake County Sheriff John Buncich . "  His demeanor has been calm , quiet and collected . This morning was the first indication that he tried to be disruptive , " said Buncich . "  He mentioned the media . He wanted to know why there was so much media at the hearing . " Vann is being held in isolation under 24-hour monitoring , said Buncich . Vann entered the courtroom wearing a striped jumpsuit and handcuffs . He was flanked by two officers . Sullivan granted Fech 's request that prosecutors and investigators must request Fech 's permission before they interview Vann again . Sullivan also upheld a gag order requested by the defense . The hearing was held at the Lake County jail in Crown Point . Investigators are looking into whether there are any other victims , and they 're canvassing abandoned properties in Gary , Indiana . Suspect identified after 7 bodies found Gary Police Chief Larry McKinley said 35 officers , along with cadaver dogs , spent Tuesday going through about 120 structures , out of an estimated 10,000 vacant properties in the city of 80,000 people . Even without admissions of more killings , authorities are not taking any chances . Asked why Vann chose to cooperate with authorities , Hammond Police Chief John Doughty said he wanted to cut a deal with prosecutors , but did n't provide further details . "  It was just something he wanted to do , " the chief said . "  That 's all I can say . " While taken aback by the horrific story , Gary residents are n't surprised the abandoned properties played into it . There has been a push to tear them down or do something else about them , amid fears that shady characters have used them . One young woman , Tatianna Foster , said she does n't leave home after 8 p.m. "  because it 's so dark out here , they call it ` Scary Gary . ' " Ronnie Williams , who lives half a block from where some bodies were found , said the horrifying ordeal makes him want to leave . "  I 've got seven kids , two sets of twins , " Williams said . "  I ca n't take that chance . " ` Low-risk ' sex offender after aggravated sexual assault The Indiana-born Vann spent time not only in Gary , about 30 miles southeast of Chicago , but also in Austin , Texas . That 's where , in December 2007 , he repeatedly struck , choked and raped a 25-year-old Hispanic female , according to Texas Department of Criminal Justice spokesman Jason Clark . Vann was later convicted of aggravated sexual assault , a first-degree felony . He served five years in prison , from 2008 to July 2013 . After registering as a "  low-risk " sex offender in Texas , Vann told prison officials that he would be moving more than 1,000 miles northeast to Indiana , Clark said . He did register as a sex offender in Lake County . Buncich said his department checked on Vann twice last year . Officers checked in with him there on September 14 to confirm he was at his stated address . That 's all that 's required , Lake County sheriff 's spokeswoman Patti Van Til said . "  If we had gotten an anonymous tip that he had gotten a job or was driving a car that did n't belong to him , that would be different . But we were not required , and there were no anonymous tips . " That 2007 incident was n't Vann 's only brush with the law . Records also show he was arrested on unspecified charges while living in Cherry Point , North Carolina , in 1993 . And court records indicate Vann was convicted in Lake County , Indiana , of misdemeanor residential entry in 2004 . The affidavit tied to that crime says he put his girlfriend in a headlock while holding a lighter near a gas can -- an apparent threat to burn her -- before police eventually grabbed and arrested him . Vann served 90 days in jail for that crime , a class D felony . Edward Matlock , whose mother married Vann in the 1990s , described him as "  a nutcase who I 'd never allow near my kids or in my house . " Matlock said Vann and his mother divorced after 16 years . "  He was just a strange guy , " said Matlock . Coroner seeks help identifying 2 bodies Right now , Vann faces charges in two deaths -- that of Hardy , whose body was found in a Motel 6 in Hammond , and Jones , found in an abandoned house . But McKinley , the Gary Police chief , told reporters Tuesday that his department will file charges in "  the next couple of days " against Vann in the deaths of 28-year-old Teaira Batey and 36-year-old Kristine Williams . "  Murder is our ultimate charge , " McKinley said . Batey 's boyfriend , Marvin Clinton , said her death leaves a big hole . The couple have a 2-year-old son . "  That 's going to be the hardest part about it , " he told WLS . "  Because he loved his mama , and she loved him . It 's devastating . " The other three bodies are known only as Jane Doe 3 , Jane Doe 5 and Jane Doe 6 . The Lake County Coroner asked for the public 's help Wednesday in identifying two of the women . Jane Doe 3 was wearing a pair of jeans -- the brand is twentyone black by rue 21 , size 3/4 -- and white Nike shoes size 6 . She had shoulder length blond and rust-colored hair . "  We may have a possible lead . We will be conducting DNA analysis with her possible family through the Indiana State Police . As well as all the victims that we have identified , to be able to make a positive identification , " said Lake County Coroner Merrilee D. Frey Jane Doe 5 was 5 foot 3 inches , African-American , wearing a bracelet that included the words "  Best Aunt , " as well as a silver , heart-shaped ring . Jane Doe 6 was African-American . Frey said it is possible there are other cold cases tied to Vann . CNN 's Poppy Harlow reported from Gary , Indiana , and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Ed Payne , Chad Weaver , Miguel Marquez , Marina Carver , Chuck Johnston , Sonia Moghe , Haimy Assefa , Ronni Berke , Stephanie Gallman , Renee Wunderlich and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Hearing for Darren Vann is rescheduled after suspect refuses to speak in court Prosecutors charge Vann with murder of second victim , Anith Jones Vann has admitted to 7 killings in northern Indiana Authorities with cadaver dogs go through about 120 abandoned structures
CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron congratulated the country 's cricket team Friday after it beat Australia on Aussie home turf in a series of matches for cricket 's historic Ashes trophy . It was the first time in 24 years that England clinched an Ashes series win in Australia . "  Retaining the Ashes was a fantastic achievement , but winning the series really is the icing on the cake , " Cameron said . "  We 've seen some great sporting moments over the series and the team have provided us with some brilliant memories that I 'm sure fans will talk about for years to come . "  The whole country is incredibly proud of them . " The rampaging visitors concluded their triumph Friday in Sydney , winning the fifth and final Test of the series by an innings and 83 runs after amassing 644 runs . It 's the highest score an English team has ever amassed in a Test match Down Under . England overwhelmed their arch rivals in three Tests , winning each by an innings , the most decisive manner of victory in cricket . Australia won one Test , and the other was inconclusive . In a rivalry that started in 1877 , England and Australia play for the Ashes every two years , alternating between the two countries . Because the English team had won the previous Ashes series in England in 2009 , it retained the trophy once it got an unbeatable 2-1 lead in the current series with only the Sydney Test remaining . The English players , dominating with both bat and ball , hammered home their dominance to wrap up the series with a 3-1 victory . England batsman Alastair Cook was announced as the best player of the series . He scored 766 runs , including a double century in the first Test in Brisbane . The Ashes is a symbolic trophy that dates back to 1882 , when Australia beat England on U.K. soil for the first time and a British newspaper ran a tongue-in-cheek "  obituary " saying cricket had died and the body would be cremated and the ashes sent to Australia .	NEW : Cameron : Winning the series is "  icing on the cake . " Australia loses to England on its own home turf for first time in 24 years England gets highest score it 's ever amassed in Test match in Australia The Ashes cricket rivalry started in 1877 , and they play for the trophy every two years
WIRED  -- "  I 'm so happy that I do n't have to be an AT&T customer . " Posted to a T-Mobile message board this morning , one user 's feelings nail the sentiment among consumers following Wednesday 's announcement that the Justice Department is suing to block AT&T 's proposed acquisition of the Deutsche-Telekom -- owned wireless network . T-Mobile users generally responded positively to the news that they would n't be seeing the AT&T death star on their cellphone bills anytime soon . Riffing on the oft-bemoaned shortcomings of both networks , one Wired.com reader proposed an unfortunate merger scenario : "  AT&T 's zero-bars reception merged with T-Mobile 's customer service . I think the result might just collapse into a black hole of suck . " AT&T has long championed its proposed merger of T-Mobile as being beneficial to the wireless customers of both networks . The company claims it will improve wireless service for AT&T and T-Mobile customers , expand 4G coverage to more of the country and , most recently , add a significant number of jobs to the U.S. workforce . But in the Justice Department 's eyes -- and anecdotally those of T-Mobile 's customer base as well -- the costs of the merger may outweigh the benefits . "  The combination of AT&T and T-Mobile would result in tens of millions of consumers all across the United States facing higher prices , fewer choices and lower quality products for mobile wireless services , " said deputy attorney general James M. Cole in the Justice filing . Not to mention some of the concessions existing T-Mobile customers would have to make if the merger were to go through . AT&T has repeatedly stated it planned to use T-Mobile 's 1700-MHz spectrum for its eventual 4G LTE deployment . That would ultimately make T-Mobile customers buy new phones that could function on AT&T 's network -- unless , that is , you 're okay with EDGE network service . Those least happy about the Justice Department 's actions are , of course , AT&T and T-Mobile . In the past year , T-Mobile has seen a steady decline in profits as T-Mobile customer contracts have been reduced by nearly a million subscribers . If Deutsche Telekom were able to sell off T-Mobile to AT&T for $ 39 billion , the German firm could then use that money to invest in its European business . Not to mention a successful blocking of the merger would prevent AT&T 's dreams of becoming the largest wireless telecommunications network in the United States , surpassing Verizon as the reigning champ and leaving Sprint in the dust . Of course , if the lawsuit fails to block the merger , today 's customer rejoicing could lend itself to tomorrow 's mass customer departures : "  If AT&T errible is able to acquire them , " wrote one T-Mobile subscriber , "  then I am outta here so fast they wo n't even know I existed . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Justice Department is suing to block AT&T 's proposed acquisition Users say merger would combine AT&T 's reception problems with T-Mobile 's customer service problems In the past year , T-Mobile has seen a steady decline in profits
CNN  -- The charge is rather routine -- an Iowa man was arrested over the weekend , accused of operating a vehicle while intoxicated , according to a police report . What makes this case unusual are the passengers that police in Dubuque say were with him : a parrot on his shoulder and a zebra in the back seat . "  They love going for rides , " John Reiter 's girlfriend , Vicky Teters , said to CNN affiliate KCRG . "  We treat them like our kids . They come in the house , we take them outside and take them for walks . We take them for car rides , " Teters told KCRG . "  They go and get the mail with me . " Dubuque Police Lt. Samuel Baxter told CNN that quite a few people called in to alert the police about a "  zebra and parrot trapped in a vehicle parked at a bar . " Officer Chad Leitzen described in his report what he saw as he arrived : "  I did observe two white male subjects in the front of the vehicle . I also observed a zebra in the back seat of the vehicle and a parrot on the driver 's shoulder . " Leitzen then conducted a breathalyzer test that he said Reiter subsequently failed with a blood alcohol content of .148 . The legal limit in Iowa is .08 , according to Iowa 's Department of Transportation website . Reiter was arrested Sunday and held overnight , while the zebra and parrot were taken safely to a friend 's house .	Police in Dubuque , Iowa , say they found a zebra and a parrot in vehicle John Reiter is charged with operating a vehicle while intoxicated His girlfriend , Vicky Teters , says of the animals : "  We treat them like our kids "
In its ruling last week on the national health care law , the Supreme Court found that penalties the law places on people who do n't buy health insurance count as a tax protected by the Constitution . The Obama administration had argued that the fees should be considered a penalty . But the government also argued that the individual mandate can be viewed as constitutional under Congress ' powers of taxation . The high court rejected the "  penalty " argument . "  The payment is not so high that there is really no choice but to buy health insurance ; the payment is not limited to willful violations , as penalties for unlawful acts often are ; and the payment is collected solely by the  Internal Revenue Service  through the normal means of taxation , " Chief Justice John Roberts wrote in the decision . The court noted that the law calls for no other punishments for refusal to buy health insurance . "  Indeed , it is estimated that four million people each year will choose to pay the IRS rather than buy insurance , " the decision said , citing figures from the Congressional Budget Office . "  We would expect Congress to be troubled by that prospect if such conduct were unlawful . " What the ruling means to you But on the taxation argument , the court agreed . The Constitution allows Congress to tax and spend , giving the federal government "  considerable influence even in areas where it can not directly regulate , " the decision said . The mandate "  looks like a tax in many respects , " Roberts wrote . The money is to be paid by people when they file their tax returns and does not apply to those who pay no federal income taxes ; the amount someone owes "  is determined by such familiar factors as taxable income , number of dependents , and joint filing status , " and the "  requirement to pay is found in the Internal Revenue Code and enforced by the IRS . " The high court overturned a unanimous decision by the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that the mandate did not impose a tax . The Supreme Court also ruled that it could proceed with considering the constitutionality of the tax despite the Anti-Injunction Act , which dates back 145 years . The law said lawsuits ca n't be used to prevent taxing , only to get refunded for taxes already paid . The high court said whether something is a tax for the purposes of the Anti-Injunction Act is Congress ' decision -- and since Congress designated the mandate as including a penalty rather than a tax , the law did not apply in this case . "  It is up to Congress whether to apply the Anti-Injunction Act to any particular statute , so it makes sense to be guided by Congress 's choice of label on that question . That choice does not , however , control whether an exaction is within Congress 's constitutional power to tax . " The court emphasized that it was not weighing in on whether the mandate is a good idea . "  Because the Constitution permits such a tax , it is not our role to forbid it , or to pass upon its wisdom or fairness , " the decision said . How are you affected by the ruling ? Share with us on CNN iReport .	The Supreme Court rejected arguments that the individual mandate involves a "  penalty " The mandate "  looks like a tax in many respects , " Chief Justice John Roberts wrote The Obama administration argued that it 's a penalty but also could be viewed as a tax The court said the Anti-Injunction Act does not apply
No matter what you call it -- bonuses , incentives , market or performance pay -- the Department of Veterans Affairs gave out a lot to senior managers in recent years despite sometimes deadly waits for health care and other problems faced by American veterans . A top VA official confirmed to a congressional committee on Friday that 78 % of VA senior managers qualified for extra pay or other compensation in fiscal year 2013 by receiving ratings of "  outstanding " or "  exceeds fully successful , " and that all 470 of them got ratings of "  fully successful " or better . Such widespread laudatory performance appraisals occurred shortly before CNN started reporting in November how veterans waited excessive periods for VA health care , with some dying in the process . The VA has acknowledged 23 deaths nationwide due to delayed care . In Phoenix , CNN reported in April that the VA used fraudulent record-keeping -- including an alleged secret list -- that covered up the waiting periods . A fatal wait : Veterans languish and die on a VA hospital 's secret list That did n't stop the head of the Phoenix VA medical center , Sharon Helman , from getting an $ 8,500 bonus last year . Helman 's bonus got rescinded earlier this year after the VA controversy made headlines . She was placed on administrative leave but continues to receive her salary , said Gina Farrisee , the VA assistant secretary for human resources and administration , at a House Veterans ' Affairs Committee hearing . Questionable bonuses Panel chairman Jeff Miller , a Florida Republican , cited numerous examples of what he characterized as unwarranted bonuses to VA officials overseeing a department with such problems in recent years : • The medical center director in Dayton , Ohio , receiving a bonus exceeding $ 10,000 despite an investigation of veterans getting exposed to hepatitis B and C at the facility ; • The former director of the VA regional office in Waco , Texas , getting more than $ 53,000 in bonuses when the average processing time for disability claims increased to what Miller called "  inexcusable levels . " • The director of the Pittsburgh health care system getting a top performance review and a regional director getting a $ 63,000 bonus despite a legionella outbreak in the Pittsburgh VA health care system that led to six patient deaths . "  To the average American , $ 63,000 is considered to be a competitive annual salary , not a bonus , " Miller said . Farrisee offered administrative explanations about the bonus system that did little to satisfy committee members . In particular , the Helman case in Phoenix got a lot of attention , with legislators from both parties asking how it could happen . She explained how the bonus should never have been given because Helman was being investigated in connection with the problems at the Phoenix VA facility , and therefore the extra money was eligible to be rescinded . Ca n't go back However , Farrisee said in almost all other cases , a performance rating and resulting bonus ca n't be rescinded later on . "  If we knew what we knew today at that time , it is unlikely that their performance would have reflected what it reflected at the time the reports were written , " she said when asked by Miller about going back to change the performance review results . However , "  you can not go back and change a rating once it has been issued to an employee as the final rating , " Farrisee said , adding that was the law rather than a government rule . An exasperated Miller called it a law that needed to change as part of an overhaul of a culture throughout the VA motivated more by performance bonuses than serving veterans . "  We ca n't keep doing it the way it 's been being done , " he said , to which Farrisee responded : "  I concur , Mr. Chairman . " The controversy , with multiple investigations and increasing revelations of problems with newly returned veterans getting care on a timely basis , caused retired Army Gen. Eric Shinseki to resign on May 30 as Veterans Affairs secretary . Fear kept the VA scandal His successor , interim Secretary Sloan Gibson , has ruled out any bonuses for senior managers in 2014 as part of initial steps intended to get more immediate care for hundreds of thousands of waiting veterans . Updated figures Earlier this week , an updated audit revealed about 177,000 veterans were still waiting at least two months for an appointment at VA medical centers . Gibson said some of the delays on the audit update appeared worse than previously reported because hospital administrators were beginning to use proper scheduling procedures that accurately reflected the number of veterans waiting . For example , the update showed more than 43,000 veterans waiting longer than 120 days for an appointment , compared to 13,000 listed earlier this month . According to Gibson , more appointments have been added , but some VA hospitals lack the capacity to see patients quickly , which also contributed to a spike in the figures . The VA has reached out to 70,000 veterans waiting for appointments in order to get them into clinics , he said . At this point , the VA 's Office of Inspector General is investigating 69 facilities for allegations that administrators altered appointment data or used secret waiting lists to make patient wait times appear shorter in order to earn financial bonuses . Farrisee said Friday that schedulers sought to meet their performance goal -- and therefore qualify for bonuses -- by showing veterans got appointments within 14 days . An internal audit by the VA called that 14-day goal implemented under Shinseki 's leadership unattainable and reported 13 % of schedulers were instructed to manipulate data in some form . Gibson has eliminated the 14-day target for the Veterans Health Administration , which has more than 1,700 facilities that serve almost 9 million veterans each year . Go the VA website	A House committee questions bonuses for VA workers despite problems Rep. Miller says VA culture put bonuses over caring for veterans "  I concur , " VA official says when asked if change is needed Audit update shows hundreds of thousands of veterans wait for care
CNN  -- German World Cup star Sami Khedira joined up with his new Real Madrid teammates on Sunday after completing his move from Bundesliga side VfB Stuttgart . The 23-year-old passed a medical on Saturday , and has now traveled to California for the Spanish giants ' pre-season tour of the United States , the Real website reported . He and Sergio Canales , another of new coach Jose Mourinho 's four acquisitions since he arrived from European champions Inter Milan , have swelled the Madrid touring squad to 25 after departing with Alvaro Arbeloa , Raul Albiol and Rafael van der Vaart . Real will play Club America in San Francisco on Wednesday , then take on Los Angeles Galaxy in the Rose Bowl on Sunday before heading to Germany for a clash with Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich on August 13 . Real go to Belgium for a match against Standard Liege on August 17 , then return to Spain to face Hercules in Alicante before hosting the Santiago Bernabeu Trophy match against Uruguay champions Penarol . Khedira became hot property after his superb performances in South Africa , where seized his chance after Germany captain Michael Ballack was ruled out of the World Cup through injury , as he formed a superb partnership in central midfield with Bastian Schweinsteiger . Khedira , who had been linked with a move to English Premier League champions Chelsea , has won 12 caps for Germany after making his debut less than a year ago . He scored his first goal for his country in the third-place playoff win over Uruguay . Stuttgart said details of the transfer fee remained secret , but reports have suggested he will move for around $ 18 million .	Germany midfielder Sami Khedira heads to U.S. after sealing Real Madrid transfer Former Stuttgart player joins pre-season tour , having passed his medical on Saturday Spanish giants will play two pre-season matches in California before returning to Europe
CNN  -- It was strange -- and strangely creepy -- to discover that the former California cop accused of murder has so many opinions about cable pundits and anchors . The 11-page manifesto from Christopher Dorner is filled with dark and disturbing thoughts , and his comments about television provide a macabre form of comic relief . What was equally troubling , at least to me , was an explosion of conservative comments on Twitter trying to tie his alleged rampage to ... liberals . That 's right , even with three people dead , one wounded and a manhunt under way , the ugly game of ideological finger-pointing was under way . "  This is very telling that you 've got a direct association of liberal luminaries with this killer , " Brent Bozell , president of the conservative Media Research Center , told Fox 's Sean Hannity . Actually , it 's not telling at all . At least Bozell added that the luminaries should not be held responsible for Dorner 's actions just because his screed invoked their names . Watch : Should we care that Dorner likes liberal pundits ? Dorner seems all over the map . He wants Hillary Clinton to be president , but calls Chris Christie his second choice and praises George H.W. Bush and Colin Powell . Some of the television figures he hailed clearly lean left , others are hard-news anchors and reporters . One -- "  Morning Joe " host Joe Scarborough -- is a former Republican congressman . "  Chris Matthews , Joe Scarborough , Pat Harvey , Brian Williams , Soledad O'Brien , Wolf Blitzer , Meredith Viera , Tavis Smiley and Anderson Cooper , keep up the great work and follow Cronkite 's lead , " the manifesto says . And it offers advice : "  Willie Geist , you 're a talented and charismatic journalist . Stop with all the talk show shenanigans and get back to your core of reporting . " Watch : Did Chris Christie bully the doctor who dissed him on TV ? At CNN , Dorner loves Piers Morgan but wants Fareed Zakaria deported . He mailed Cooper a DVD related to his termination from the Los Angeles police force and a coin with three bullet holes . The idea that we should take the detritus of this diseased mind seriously is ludicrous . After I tweeted a link to a colleague 's Daily Download story about the manifesto , I asked whether we should care what Dorner writes . Some on the right went haywire . "  Would you care if he loved Fox News , Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh ? " one Twitter user asked . "  My guess is you would , hypocrite . " And : "  Entire MSM would feed on this if it were linked to any right-wing cause . " Oh , and someone said I was "  a sick , twisted freak and a liar " for saying that Scarborough , the former Republican congressman turned MSNBC host , is a conservative . Watch : Should CBS have banned revealing outfits at the Grammys ? Some blatantly promoted the notion of payback : "  You guys smeared Palin over Tucson . Now it 's your turn to be linked to a murderous madman . Only this time the link 's legit . " In other words , if Dorner admired some liberal media figures , they 're somehow to blame for inspiring the murders . Now it 's true that some on the left tried to tar Palin when Jared Loughner opened fire in a Phoenix shopping center , killing six people and wounding Gabby Giffords . Palin 's team had posted a map with crosshair targets representing Democratic lawmakers , including Giffords , that she was singling out for defeat in the 2010 midterms . On the day of the shooting , I wrote on The Daily Beast : "  This is n't about a nearly year-old Sarah Palin map ; it 's about a lone nutjob who does n't value human life . " The use of the crosshairs imagery was dumb , I said , but there was no place for a "  sickening ritual of guilt by association . " And the same goes for the case o fChristopher Dorner . The man is accused of killing a police officer and a couple in a parking lot . What possible difference does it make which journalists and politicians he likes or loathes ? The Giffords shooting sparked an important discussion about the need to tone down incendiary rhetoric , but that 's a far cry from accusing people of complicity in crime . Watch : Does Donald Trump have a $ 5 million case against Bill Maher ? There is also the question of whether the manifesto should have been published . In 1995 , I covered the controversy when The New York Times and The Washington Post , where I then worked , published another manifesto , this one a 35,000-word ramble by the mass murderer known as the Unabomber . His real name was Ted Kaczynski , and he threatened to keep on killing unless the papers acquiesced . The publication prompted Kaczynski 's brother to tell the FBI of his suspicions . In the wired age , there was no question that Dorner 's words would instantly ricochet around the world . No newspaper publisher can act as a gatekeeper ; the Web serves as a platform even for the poisonous words of alleged killers . But that does n't mean we should take those words and use them to rope in public figures who have the misfortune of being named . Killers are responsible for killing , no matter which television anchors they happen to like . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	An 11-page manifesto from accused gunman comments on TV personalities Howard Kurtz says it 's foolish to pay attention to media preferences of the suspect He says some see the situation as payback for criticism of Palin after Giffords shooting Kurtz : What difference does it make which politicians , pundits the suspect admires ?
RollingStone.com  -- Despite Lil Wayne 's recent medical scare that dominated music news for days , the visionary rapper is on track to release his new album , "  I Am Not a Human Being II , " on Tuesday .  And that 's despite it having leaked a few days ago to file-sharing sites  . According to Cortez Bryant , Lil Wayne 's manager and the Chief Visionary Officer of his Young Money label , Wayne 's new effort captures him at his career 's most vital moment yet . Lil Wayne receives hospital visits from Drake , Nicki Minaj and more "  It 's mixtape Weezy -- straight street bangers you 're going to hear in the club , " Cortez says . "  The sound is more urban , with no R&B hooks , and the wordplay is still incredible and shocking -- every bar has some witty punchline . Wayne really took it back to his roots . " "  It reminds me of the traditional Cash Money sound , " adds Bryan Williams , Cash Money 's co-founder who also rhymes under his Birdman alias . "  He went back to raw rapping and beats with lots of swagger . " Of course , rap 's resident alien does n't exactly do basic : take the Diplo-produced "  Lay It Down , " featuring Nicki Minaj . "  It 's not a normal hip-hop track , " notes Bryant . "  At first , I thought it was kinda weird -- the beat sounds like it came from outer-space -- but it grew on me , and Nicki killed it . " Lil Wayne , Birdman 's daughters writing ` Paparazzi Princesses ' novel Minaj heads up a stellar guest list including Drake , 2 Chainz , Future , Big Sean and Gunplay . According to Bryant , Young Money protÃ © gÃ © Gudda Gudda almost outshines his mentor on the track "  Gunwalk . " "  Gudda Gudda just kills on that , " Bryant says . "  Wayne said he almost could n't get his bars off because Gudda 's voice is so nice . " From advance notice , "  I Am Not a Human Being II " also seems to be a Dirty South movement unto itself : former Three 6 Mafia mastermind Juicy J produces and raps on a few cuts , and Miami 's self-proclaimed "  baddest b **** " Trina appears on the Souljah Boy-assisted cut "  Trigger Finger . " Tunechi keeps the vibes diverse in "  Human Being II 's " gritty urban gumbo , moving from the topical rant "  God Bless America " -- featuring the sure-to-be-controversial chorus "  God bless America/This godless America " -- to downright love jams like "  Romance . " Lil Wayne thanks fans for support during hospital stay "  That 's one for the females , " Bryant explains . "  It 's about real love and relationships . Wayne 's delivery on the song is crazy -- it really penetrates . " According to Bryant , such diversity is par for the Weezy course . Lil Wayne remains a master of hip-hop 's many moods : as such , the album 's eerie , Kanye West-designed cover art featuring a blood-red moth provides perfect symbolism for Weezy 's latest evolution , suggesting this is n't the last we 've heard from him . "  Moths always transform into butterflies , " Bryant explains . "  Wayne continues to reinvent himself , but every phase always ends up a beautiful thing . " See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Lil Wayne is on track to release his new album , "  I Am Not a Human Being II , " March 26 His manager says the album captures the rapper at a vital moment Manager : It 's mixtape Weezy ... Wayne really took it back to his roots
Syrian airstrikes on a rebel-held neighborhood in Aleppo on Sunday killed at least 22 people , including 14 children , the Syrian Observatory For Human Rights said in a statement . The SOHR said it expects the death toll to rise , because other people wounded in the attack are in critical condition . The opposition organization says it 's not the first time the Syrian regime has dropped barrels filled with explosives on Aleppo neighborhoods . The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people overall have died since the Syrian conflict began in March 2011 . Hundreds of thousands of civilians have also been injured . In addition , more than 2.3 million people have fled Syria , and another 4.25 million Syrians have become refugees within their country since the civil war began , according to an Amnesty International report released on Friday .	Syrian planes attacked Aleppo neighborhood , says Syrian Observatory For Human Rights At least 22 killed , including 14 children , says SOHR
Just 18 , Hamad al-Tamimi says he was a religious studies student in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , before jihadists influenced and recruited him online . Now he 's in the hands of Iraqi authorities , accused of being an ISIS fighter captured in Iraq 's west . Al-Tamimi is one of numerous foreign fighters believed to have swelled the Sunni extremist group 's ranks in recent months . On Thursday , the CIA made a startling announcement : The number of people fighting for ISIS may be more than three times the previous estimates . And among their ranks are foreign fighters -- those such as al-Tamimi . A dramatic rise Analysts and U.S. officials initially estimated there were as many as 10,000 fighters , including those freed from prisons by ISIS and Sunni loyalists who joined the fight as the group advanced across Iraq . But now ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , can "  muster between 20,000 and 31,500 fighters across Iraq and Syria , " a CIA spokesman told CNN on Thursday . "  This new total reflects an increase in members because of stronger recruitment since June following battlefield successes and the declaration of a caliphate , greater battlefield activity and additional intelligence , " the spokesman said . Rear Adm. John Kirby , a Pentagon spokesman , said Friday that the increased estimates wo n't alter how the United States approaches ISIS , a group that he insisted "  nobody has underestimated . " "  The 20,000 to 31,500 estimate does n't necessarily change ... our estimate or  Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel 's  belief that this is going to be a long-term struggle , " Kirby said . Kirby added , " We 're not just simply about degrading and destroying ... the 20 to 30,000  ISIS fighters  . It 's about degrading and destroying their capabilities to attack targets , particularly Western targets . It 's about destroying their ideology . " Colorado teen pleads guilty in plan to join ISIS ` There are many nationalities ' Al-Tamimi -- known by his nom de guerre , Abu Walid -- says he traveled from Saudi Arabia to Kuwait in July , and from there on to Turkey , a main route for jihadists into Syria . Handlers who met him in Syria took away his passport and phone , he says . He estimates he then spent a week with some 270 fresh fighters . "  There are many nationalities , " he says . "  From Norway , from America , Canada , Somalia , Korea , China , Turkmenistan , Tajikistan , Uzbekistan , Egypt , Libya , Tunisia , Lebanon and other European countries such as Germany and France . " A CIA source told CNN this week that more than 15,000 foreign fighters , including 2,000 Westerners , have gone to Syria . It was not immediately clear how many have joined ISIS and how many are with other groups opposed to the Syrian government . The foreign fighters come from more than 80 countries , the CIA source said . Bergen : When Americans leave for jihad Flow of fighters Mowaffak al-Rubaie , a former Iraqi national security adviser and now a member of parliament , told CNN that thousands of Iraqis were recruited after ISIS militants seized control of the northern city of Mosul in June . "  Young Iraqis as young as 8 and 9 years old with AK-47s , they are recruiting and brainwashing with this evil ideology , " he said -- in the same way as al Qaeda in Iraq sought to recruit them in the past , but on a far bigger scale . Al-Rubaie says he believes that Iraqis and Syrians probably constitute more than 70 % of ISIS fighters . They add sizable bulk to the number of foreign fighters . "  These foreign fighters , when we squeeze them in Iraq and in Syria , they will permeate , they will infiltrate , they will cross the borders to Turkey , to Lebanon -- they have already started doing that and into Jordan , and Saudi Arabia is not very far , " he said . He warned that Persian Gulf nations are "  not immune " from the threat they pose . "  I believe they should work very hard with us -- intelligence and cutting the oxygen from the terrorists , stopping the money , stopping the traveling of these terrorists , the young men , coming from Saudi and  Gulf nations  and North Africa . " Canadians have joined ISIS to fight -- and die -- in Syria In the cross hairs Recognizing the threat that ISIS poses , President Barack Obama laid out a plan this week to "  dismantle and ultimately destroy " ISIS , including authorizing airstrikes . Would-be jihadists such as al-Tamimi will now be firmly in the sights of the United States . There 's also been a strong diplomatic push in recent days . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Thursday met with Gulf leaders in Saudi Arabia seeking to enlist regional support for a coalition . On Friday , he traveled to Turkey to meet leaders there . The White House has picked retired Gen. John Allen to lead the international effort against ISIS , Kerry announced Friday . Deputy Secretary of State Brett McGurk will be deputy special envoy , Kerry said . Coordinating ISIS coalition familiar ground for Allen Kerry also announced another $ 500 million in humanitarian assistance for the crisis in Syria , with $ 50 million of it going to Turkey . Turkey has seen more than 1 million refugees enter from Syria and has felt the effects of the crisis strongly , Kerry said . Obama on Wednesday vowed to go strongly after ISIS . "  I have made it clear that we will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country , wherever they are , " he said . "  That means I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria as well as Iraq , " he said , using another acronym for the group , the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant . "  This is a core principle of my presidency : If you threaten America , you will find no safe haven . " A spokesman for Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi welcomed Obama 's speech , saying the responsibility to fight ISIS is an Iraqi one , but there is a need for the international community to help . The Iraqi Prime Minister on Friday said that French President François Hollande confirmed that France will strike ISIS targets in Iraq . Two Iraqi politicians contacted by CNN -- a Shiite and a Sunni -- agreed that international help is needed to fight the terror threat . "  We welcome any international cooperation at any level to end ISIS in Iraq , but these actions must be done quickly as ISIS have begun to grow large and threaten all regional countries and the Western world , " said Mohamed al-Tamimi , a spokesman for Sunni Deputy Prime Minister Saleh al-Mutlek . Shiite lawmaker Khaled al-Asadi said the United States has not done as much as it can . "  Considering the size of the terrorism threat we face , we do n't feel the scope of their support has yet matched that threat and much more will definitely need to be done , " he said . On Friday , Kirby -- the Pentagon spokesman -- said the destruction of ISIS will require more than just airstrikes . "  It is going to require partners on the ground to take back and hold the territory that this group has tried to obtain and maintain . It is also going to take the ultimate destruction of their ideology , " he said . The jihadist training None of those he met after heading for Syria used their real names , al-Tamimi says in an Iraqi Defense Ministry video . "  From Germany , I knew Abu Hamza , and from Britain one named Abu Dawoud , and from America one named Abu Ibrahim , " he says . All , like him , were young . After 22 days at a religious indoctrination camp , the Saudi says , he had to swear allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . Next followed military training at an air base in Raqqa , an ISIS stronghold in Syria . After a short time fighting in Aleppo , Syria , the order came to move across the essentially nonexistent border into Iraq , where ISIS fighters battling Iraqi forces near the Haditha Dam -- the scene of recent U.S. airstrikes and Iraqi ground operations -- needed reinforcement . And here , less than two months after his journey began , his short-lived jihad came to an end . Al-Tamimi says he just wants to go home . But fighters like him returning -- bringing their extremist ideology with them -- is what many nations now fear the most . France : Dangerous man arrested One such example may be that of Frenchman Mourad Fares , arrested Thursday in Paris on his return from Turkey . France 's Interior Ministry described him as "  a particularly dangerous individual , with close ties to the jihadist terrorist movements ISIS and Al-Nusra Front , whose role would be crucial in recruiting young French , in Toulouse and Strasbourg , and in their departure to Syria . " He went to Syria in July 2013 , the ministry said , and Turkish authorities arrested him August 16 . But one of his older brothers , speaking to France Info radio , said Fares was "  no kingpin , " although he did help others cross the Turkish-Syrian border . The brother , whose name was not given by France Info , said Fares was the one who decided to return because he had had enough . "  He had left Syria a month earlier and was in Turkey . He decided by himself to call the French Embassy , saying , ' I am Mourad Fares , I want to come home . ' He paid for his plane ticket ; he was escorted by the Turkish authorities to the airport . He was not handcuffed at the Istanbul airport , he got on the plane by himself and was awaited in Paris , " he said . Fares was no extremist despite his decision to go to Syria , his brother said . "  I believe he was fed up with violence . They all left in order to fight  Syrian President  Bashar al-Assad , but as we speak , it is a war of everyone against everyone . I do n't think people find their place there . "	Pentagon spokesman : Higher ISIS estimate does n't change military approach ISIS can "  muster between 20,000 and 31,500 fighters " across Iraq , Syria , the CIA says The White House says retired Gen. John Allen will lead international effort against ISIS Iraqi Prime Minister : French President says France will strike ISIS targets in Iraq
CNN  -- The Balkans are enduring the worst floods since records began 120 years ago . The situation is being exacerbated by the risk of landmines from the Bosnia war resurfacing . Already 26 bodies have been recovered , and rescuers expect to find more as flood waters recede . Even though the intense rainfall subsided Monday , the disaster is far from over . CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri said flooding in the region will last at least another week -- and in some places , it could get worse . Southern Europe is no stranger to heavy rain events : the low pressure system currently drenching the Balkan Peninsula was detached from the main weather pattern and is known as a "  cutoff low . " This meteorological event has slowly dumped more than 100 millimeters of rain in only a few days , leaving rivers swollen and towns underwater . A cutoff low is similar to an eddy in the curve of a river that becomes isolated from the main current . Like a curve in a river , a cutoff low begins as a dip  trough  in the winds known as the westerlies . When one of these eddies becomes cut off from the main westerly flow , the closed circulation can last for two to three days on average . In the case of last week , the cutoff low lasted up to four days and dumped two months ' worth of rain . During the first stage of a cutoff low , a deep trough of cold air will dip south resembling an upside-down Omega-type shape in the jetstream . Cold air will then start to encircle the low on the west side , as the warm humid air moves north along the east side of the low . Eventually the warm air will wrap completely around , creating a pocket of cold air within the core of the low pressure system . The low will now drift slower than if it was a part of the main jetstream . Over the course of an average of two to three days -- occasionally as much as 10 or more -- the low-pressure system will merge back with the jetstream as the next dip  trough  digs southward and picks up the cutoff low . The existence of a cutoff low pattern occurs most commonly in Southern Europe , according to a 2004 study of cutoff low systems in the Northern Hemisphere . Other areas also mentioned in the study were the eastern Atlantic coast , the North Pacific and the Northern China-Siberian region . The effect of this weather system is exacerbated in the Balkans , where rivers are used to move trade and goods . CNN Weather Anchor Mari Ramos explained how the region is affected . "  Serbia , for example , is landlocked . Historically , the Sava and Danube rivers are the main commerce line to the Black Sea in the east and to the rest of Europe in the west . "  Rivers also supply hydrolectric power . You might think , more water means more power , but that is not necessarily the case . Excessively high water levels -- just like extremely low levels -- affect the efficiency level and energy output . Many smaller power stations are flooded -- some temporarily , while others are permanently damaged . " Rivers in the Balkans also represent the main supply of fresh water . "  High water levels contaminate water treatment plants leaving thousands without drinking water , " Ramos explained . Water is also used for industry so factories , fisheries and agriculture are all affected by these floods , she added . Read more : Epic flooding raises fears about landmines surfacing	The Balkans are enduring the worst flooding in 120 years , since record keeping began 26 bodies have been recovered , and rescuers expect to find more as waters recede The low pressure system drenching the peninsula is known as a "  cutoff low " Last week , the cutoff low lasted up to four days and dumped two months ' worth of rain
CNN  -- She 's won a new trial . And now , Marissa Alexander may learn Wednesday whether she can get out of prison while she waits for that trial . In a Jacksonville , Florida , court , a judge is expected to decide if Alexander will be released on bond in a case that has drawn national attention . In September an appellate court ordered a new trial for Alexander , who was sentenced to 20 years in prison for firing a gun to scare off her allegedly abusive husband . The case will be retried because the jury had incorrect directions , the court ruled . Alexander 's case gained the attention of civil rights leaders , who say nobody was hurt and the sentence for the mother of three was too harsh . The case shined the spotlight on Florida 's Stand Your Ground law after she unsuccessfully argued before her 2012 trial that she was immune to prosecution because of the law . But now , Alexander says she 's just hoping she can see her children as she waits for her complicated case to be resolved . Alexander "  has not had regular access to her 3-and-a-half year old daughter " since she was 6 months old , her lawyer said in court documents urging a judge for a pre-trial release . But a lawyer for Alexander 's estranged husband , Rico Gray , says he has concerns . "  She had bond once on this case and she went over to my client 's house and she gave him a black eye , and got arrested , though she was told to stay away from my client , so I do n't think he necessarily wants her to have a bond again , " said Richard Kuritz , Gray 's attorney . A police report from that time shows that Alexander was arrested for a domestic violence offense connected to an altercation with Gray . According to police reports , Alexander had no injuries , but Gray had a bloody swollen eye and told police Alexander had punched him . Alexander 's attorney says things are different now . Her client is finalizing a divorce with Gray and they will have no contact with each other . The hearing is set for 4 p.m. ET Wednesday . In the old case , Alexander claimed self-defense , saying she was attempting to flee her husband on August 1 , 2010 , when she picked up a handgun and fired a shot into a wall . She said her husband had read cell phone text messages that she had written to her ex-husband , got angry and tried to strangle her . State Attorney Angela Corey had said the case deserved to be prosecuted because Alexander fired in the direction of a room where children were standing . Corey had said she offered Alexander a plea bargain that would have resulted in a three-year prison sentence , but Alexander chose to take the case to a jury trial , where a conviction would carry a mandatory sentence under a Florida law known as "  10-20-life . " The law mandates increased penalties for some felonies , including aggravated assault , in which a gun is carried or used . CNN 's Gary Tuchman and Alina Machado contributed to this report .	Alexander said she fired a warning shot to fend off her allegedly abusive husband A court ordered that she can get a new trial Her attorney is hoping she can be released until that trial
CNN  -- Politicians struggle with reinvention after failure , and during the Internet era , everything lives forever in the digital universe . Some things simply can not be undone , no matter how hard we might try . Buying a nice pair of black glasses , for instance , to suggest character and intellect will not prevent search engines from finding stories and videos of Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's famous "  Oops " moment during a nationally televised debate . Although an entire nation either grimaced or laughed through his blunder , he will continue trying to portray himself as presidential timber , a leader who is as good at creating jobs as he is at inadvertent political humor . Those new specs wo n't make a grand jury investigation go away , either . A special prosecutor in Austin has impaneled a grand jury to examine allegations that the governor of Texas may have bribed and coerced a key state official to force her out of office . At the time , her office was investigating one of Perry 's signature projects , the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute .  Watchdog group Texas for Public Justice filed the complaint with the prosecutors . Rosemary Lehmberg , the Travis County district attorney , oversees the Public Integrity Unit , which investigates possible corruption in state government . Her office had launched the investigation of the multibillion-dollar cancer research agency after 18 scientists , including the Nobel laureate director , resigned in protest . They had claimed that investment decisions for that organization were being made without proper scientific review and that tens of millions of dollars were ending up in the hands of Perry supporters and donors for their business ventures . One former executive of the agency had been indicted in connection with an improperly awarded $ 11 million grant , and the case is pending . And then Lehmberg was arrested for driving while intoxicated . Republican Perry demanded that Lehmberg , a Democrat , resign after a video showed her behaving belligerently and asking for favoritism during booking . When she refused to step down , he threatened to withhold her $ 7.5 million state funding , which she was using to pay for the cancer investigation . Lehmberg would not accede to the governor 's demands -- she is a locally elected official -- and he followed through on this threat to veto the budget . The move to cut the funding for the state watchdog group had a few political benefits for the Texas governor . He had just eliminated money for a legal inquiry in which he possibly might have , eventually , been implicated . If she had quit , Perry would have also had the authority to name Lehmberg 's replacement , most likely a Republican , which then becomes a convenient way to avoid any potential charges or political damage in advance of a second GOP presidential run . A special prosecutor , Michael McCrum , was assigned to the case and has said he was "  very concerned " about Perry 's behavior . The governor has , consequently , hired a high-profile Austin criminal defense lawyer . Perry has not spoken publicly about the case , but his office is arguing that he was constitutionally empowered with a line-item veto and that he did nothing wrong . Because he claims to have been acting in his capacity as governor , Perry plans to have his lawyer paid out of taxpayer funds . Any attempts to characterize the investigation of Perry as a political prosecution are uninformed . Texas law is clear on official abuse of power : Prosecutors would only need to show that Perry was offering considerations in return for actions by District Attorney Lehmberg . If there is evidence of any additional conversations after Lehmberg 's original refusal and the formal veto , and evidence that Perry or his representatives attempted further negotiations for her resignation in exchange for anything , McCrum 's presentation to the grand jury could become more compelling in convincing members that Perry was coercing another officeholder . A Travis County judge said it was communicated to him that Perry 's representatives told Lehmberg , even after the veto , that money for her office would be restored if she resigned , actions that could easily be interpreted as bribery or coercion by the grand jurors . The special prosecutor appears to have confirmed that he is looking at whether Perry 's office made such potentially illegal representations by acknowledging that he is looking at everything "  before and after the veto . " Perry 's problems come at precisely the wrong moment in his reintroduction tour of America , and the legal tangle might harm his presidential profile worse than shutting down lanes of a bridge . In fact , the Texas governor 's actions , if proved by evidence , are worse than the New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie team 's traffic tricks because Perry might have obstructed justice , not just a thoroughfare . At least Christie has exhibited the basic sense to use his campaign funds to pay his $ 300,000-plus in legal fees and not lean on the state 's overburdened taxpayers to fund his defense . The secrecy of grand jury proceedings are likely to prevent Perry from getting hammered in the media on every day , but his troubles quickly turn into good news for the emerging campaign of Jeb Bush . Neither Perry nor Christie has to be convicted of a crime for the former Florida governor to be viewed as the putative GOP front-runner for the 2016 presidential nomination ; they need only to have their reputations harmed . Christie is already battered , and Perry is just starting to take punches , which continues to prove there is still entertainment value in American presidential politics . Just not much character or leadership . Join us Facebook/CNNOpinion .	James Moore : Texas governor reinventing himself , but grand jury inquiry wo n't go away Grand jury takes up allegations Perry bribed , coerced official to force her out of office Moore : State official was conducting criminal investigation that might have implicated Perry He says Perry 's troubles are good news for Jeb Bush in race for presidential nomination
CNN  -- Dozens of people have been killed in flooding in northern and eastern India , while the death toll in Nepal has passed 100 , government officials in the two countries told CNN . At least 56 people have died in flooding and rain-related incidents in northern and eastern India over the weekend , with 28 deaths reported in Uttar Pradesh state , another 22 in the neighboring Himalayan region of Uttarakhand and six in Bihar state in eastern India . The heavy rains have hit thousands of villages along the border with Nepal , Kishan Singh Atoria , a regional disaster-management commissioner , told CNN Monday . India 's water resources ministry warned that the Rapti river in Uttar Pradesh had risen to "  unprecedented " levels in the state 's Balrampur district . Nepal Meanwhile , the death toll from floods and landslides in western Nepal since Thursday has reached 101 with another 126 people missing . More than 17,000 families have been displaced , according to government data . The biggest challenge for the government of this impoverished Himalayan country now is to provide relief to the people displaced since their homes have been washed away by the rivers , said Jhankanath Dhakal of the National Emergency Operations Center on Monday . Flooding was caused by incessant rain from Wednesday night to Friday night in some districts in western Nepal . "  Since the rainfall was unusually high the water could not flow in the rivers causing flash floods , " said Dhakal . "  This was unexpected . " CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Dozens dead after heavy rains in northern and eastern parts of India More than a 100 dead , thousands missing in Nepal Heavy rains in recent days have caused flooding and landslides across the region
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Many in the West would like to see Iran punished for its nuclear ambitions . Tehran 's residents would like those people to take a glimpse into their lives . The European Union announced Monday it is banning the import of Iranian crude oil and blocking trade in gold , diamonds , and precious metals , among other steps , adding to sanctions already imposed by the United States and the United Nations . The measures take a big toll on Iran 's lifeblood oil revenues . The lives of ordinary Iranians have been deeply touched in recent weeks by the Western sanctions . Several spoke to CNN about how they are coping with staggering inflation and a plunging national currency , although none felt comfortable being fully identified , fearful of the Islamic Republic 's long reach into private lives . Farhad , 47 , was once comfortable , but things began sliding downhill when sanctions came and the foreign oil firm that employed him packed up and left . As a taxi driver , he works hard but saves little money . With the latest round of U.S. sanctions imposed on Iran 's Central Bank last month , he has seen staggering inflation ; the price of meat and milk have skyrocketed by as much as 50 percent . He and his wife have stopped having guests at their home or going out to eat . They ca n't remember when they bought new clothes and no longer send their suits to the cleaners . "  I feel bad for the cleaners , " he says . "  They must be suffering as a result of people like me not using their services . " Farhad has a savings account that is shrinking fast as he dips into it to make ends meet . His 21-year-old son works two part-time jobs while he earns a degree in computer science . Farhad feels bad that he ca n't afford to buy him the computer equipment he needs . "  I wait and pray for something to spark the economy and get it going , but I am not holding my breath , " he says . "  Life must go on . We can only wait and see what the future has in store for us . " In the meantime , he says , the only way for his sons to live a decent life is to fall in with influential people or make shady business deals like trading foreign currency on the black market . The United States and other Western powers argue sanctions that target Iran 's central bank , oil exports and foreign trade are designed to push Iran to cooperate at the nuclear negotiating table . They believe the Islamic Republic is developing nuclear weapons , although Tehran insists its program is reserved strictly for civilian energy purposes . Prospects for talks have been dimmed by recent bellicose talk and actions aimed at destabilizing the Tehran government . It 's doubtful , most analysts say , that punitive measures will bring Iran to its knees . Doubtful , too , is that Tehran residents will suffer the same fate as their Baghdad counterparts , who for years , under international sanctions against Saddam Hussein 's regime , faced dire shortages of basic goods . But as Iranian-American scholar Haleh Esfandiari put it , the latest sanctions have been back-breaking , not just for the less affluent but also for the middle class . "  People are buying less because the prices have gone up , " she said . "  That affects the shopkeepers . It 's a vicious cycle . " For many people , monthly government subsidies of $ 40 or $ 50 are no longer enough to get by , Esfandiari said . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told parliament recently that the most recent sanctions -- imposed after an International Atomic Energy Agency report that said Tehran appeared to have worked on developing a nuclear bomb -- were "  the most extensive ... sanctions ever . " Ahmadinejad called the sanctions "  the heaviest economic onslaught on a nation in history ... every day , all our banking and trade activities and our agreements are being monitored and blocked . " With the punitive measures came the downward spiral of the Iranian currency , the rial , severely devalued in the past few months against the U.S. dollar . That plunge , said CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , is a key indication of Iran 's instability . "  When Barack Obama became president , you could buy 9,700 rials with one dollar , " he wrote in a column . "  Since then , the dollar has appreciated 60 percent against the rial , meaning you can buy 15,600 rials . Tehran 's reaction to the prospect of sanctions that affect its oil exports shows its desperation . " The higher dollar , of course , has made imported goods unaffordable for most Iranians . Farhad says he eyed a refrigerator several months ago . It was made in Iran and affordable . But when he returned to buy it , the price had gone up 20 percent . The salesman informed him that parts of the fridge were made in South Korea . The soaring prices and declining currency values come at a time when Iran is already facing "  huge challenges " created partly by government mismanagement and failures in foreign policy , said one economist in Iran . "  I think the situation will be aggravated in the coming months , " he told CNN . "  We will witness higher inflation and unemployment rates with less economic growth . " Those who study the impact of sanctions argue that they must hurt in order to be effective , but not to the point where they break the economy , like they did in Iraq . That does not bode well for Iranians trying to make ends meet . Yaqoub , 59 , fancies himself a retired tea man . That is , financial losses forced the office where he worked to close three years ago . He now does odd jobs . He manages to make about $ 200 a month and receives another $ 135 from the government . The youngest of his three daughters is not married yet and still lives with her parents . He says the family gave up eating fruit -- it 's too pricey and now is just a treat when guests come over . Red meat went up from about $ 6 a kilogram to $ 9 . Dinner at his house means vegetarian rice and beans . "  When I ask the shopkeepers why the prices keep going up ,  they  say the government sets the prices and they have to do as they are told , " he says . "  People are hungry and this is why crime has gone up . " He says his son-in-law 's motorcycle was stolen in front of his house . Theft was not something he worried about before . It 's not just the price of food and consumer goods that are hurting Iranians . Services like electricity and water are costing more , too . Yaqoub 's monthly utility bill has almost doubled to $ 19 a month . Add it all up , he says , and it 's tough to make it on his income . His wife tells him to stop worrying or he 'll have a heart attack . "  I guess if we get really stuck for our daily expenses , I would have to move to a cheaper apartment or , in the worst case scenario , there will be no choice but to go to the north and live with my wife 's parents . At least I wo n't have to worry about the rent there , " he says . Trita Parsi , president of the National Iranian-American Council , says sanctions are putting far more pressure on Iran 's citizenry than on the regime they are intend to punish . "  The government always has the ability to circumvent sanctions and shift the burden onto the population , " Parsi says . Davood , 39 , says he and his wife both have college degrees , but he earns money doing chores at an office -- making lunch , running errands , even cleaning . He worries for Assal , his 5-year-old daughter . Perhaps a day will come when he has to move to a less expensive city in order to pay for her education . "  I see no chance for me to ever find a job where I can use my university degree , " he says . "  I am almost 40 now and as time goes by and I get older , no one will hire me . As it is , I am always worried that I may lose my job . " Some Tehran residents are stocking up on things while they can afford it , and while they are still on the shelves . Rose , a retired nurse who survives solely on her government pension , bought a supply of grains and canned foods , just in case . She also feels lucky to own her apartment , so she does n't have to worry about making rent . She says a friend recently was hospitalized for two weeks . It cost her more than $ 11,000 . "  Of course you can not blame the doctors and hospitals because they have to pay for high-priced foods , materials and equipment , " the nurse says . "  Everything is related . High prices of food affect everything . " Analysts say the government ought to be fearful of too much discontent . Unemployment and stagflation helped fuel the 2009 mass demonstrations that at times appeared on the brink of bringing change to Iran 's authoritarian rule . Farhad says he understands he is caught up in global politics . "  I do n't know what must be done to correct the economic condition , but I do n't blame the Americans and their sanctions , " he says . Washington has to watch out for its own interests . And Iran , he says , must do what it can to safeguard its own . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr reported from Tehran , Iran , and Moni Basu from Atlanta . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed from Atlanta .	Some Tehran residents say they have cut back on what they buy , eat Prices are soaring and the Iranian rial has been severely devalued The latest round of sanctions came after a report on Iran 's nuclear program The European Union is considering an oil embargo Monday
CNN  -- Author Arthur C. Clarke , whose science fiction and non-fiction works ranged from the script for "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " to an early proposal for communications satellites , has died at age 90 , associates have said . Visionary author Arthur C. Clarke had fans around the world . Clarke had been wheelchair-bound for several years with complications stemming from a youthful bout with polio and had suffered from back trouble recently , said Scott Chase , the secretary of the nonprofit Arthur C. Clarke Foundation . He died early Wednesday -- Tuesday afternoon ET -- at a hospital in Colombo , Sri Lanka , where he had lived since the 1950s , Chase said . "  He had been taken to hospital in what we had hoped was one of the slings and arrows of being 90 , but in this case it was his final visit , " he said . In a videotaped 90th birthday message to fans , Clarke said he still hoped to see some sign of intelligent life beyond Earth , more work on alternatives to fossil fuels -- and "  closer to home , " an end to the 25-year civil war in Sri Lanka between the government and ethnic Tamil separatists . "  I dearly wish to see lasting peace established in Sri Lanka as soon as possible , " he said . "  But I 'm aware that peace can not just be wished -- it requires a great deal of hard work , courage and persistence . " Clarke and director Stanley Kubrick shared an Academy Award nomination for best adapted screenplay for "  2001 . " The film grew out of Clarke 's 1951 short story , "  The Sentinel , " about an alien transmitter left on the moon that ceases broadcasting when humans arrive . As a Royal Air Force officer during World War II , Clarke took part in the early development of radar . In a paper written for the radio journal "  Wireless World " in 1945 , he suggested that artificial satellites hovering in a fixed spot above Earth could be used to relay telecommunications signals across the globe . He is widely credited with introducing the idea of the communications satellite , the first of which were launched in the early 1960s . But he never patented the idea , prompting a 1965 essay that he subtitled , "  How I Lost a Billion Dollars in My Spare Time . " His best-known works , such as "  2001 " or the 1953 novel "  Childhood 's End , " combined the hard science he learned studying physics and mathematics with insights into how future discoveries would change humanity . David Eicher , editor of Astronomy magazine , told CNN that Clarke 's writings were influential in shaping public interest in space exploration during the 1950s and '60s . Watch how Clarke stands among sci-fi giants " "  He was very interested in technology and also in humanity 's history and what lay out in the cosmos , " Eicher said . His works combined those "  big-picture " themes with "  compelling stories that were more interesting and more complex than other science fiction writers were doing , " he said . Tedson Meyers , the chairman of the Clarke Foundation , said the organization is now dedicated to reproducing the combination of imagination and knowledge that he credited the author with inspiring . "  The question for us is , how does human imagination bring about such talent on both sides of the brain ? " he asked . "  How do you find the next Arthur Clarke ? " Clarke was knighted in 1998 . He wrote dozens of novels and collections of short stories and more than 30 nonfiction works during his career , and served as a television commentator during several of the Apollo moon missions . Though humans have not returned to the moon since 1972 , Clarke said he was confident that a "  Golden Age " of space travel was just beginning . Watch Clarke talk about sci-fi vs. reality " "  After half a century of government-sponsored efforts , we are now witnessing the emergence of commercial space flight , " he said in his December birthday message . "  Over the next 50 years , thousands of people will travel to Earth orbit -- and then , to the moon and beyond . Space travel and space tourism will one day become almost as commonplace as flying to exotic destinations on our own planet . " E-mail to a friend	Arthur C. Clarke dies in Sri Lanka at age 90 , aide says "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " was perhaps his best known work He and Stanley Kubrick shared Oscar nomination for best adapted screenplay Clarke had lived in Sri Lanka since the 1950s
Thousands of protesters surrounded Bangkok 's Government House on Friday seeking the removal of Thailand 's embattled caretaker government amid soaring political tensions following the ouster of former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra . The People 's Democratic Reform Committee , which has been protesting the government since November , is pushing to replace the caretaker administration with an unelected interim government . Protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban told those gathered : "  We will sleep here tonight , we will eat here . " The PDRC has been seeking to rid Thai politics of the alleged influence of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra . Thaksin is Yingluck 's brother and a telecommunications tycoon who was overthrown in a 2006 military coup . He has since lived in self-imposed exile to avoid a corruption conviction . "  If the speaker is a slave of Thaksin , there will be one treatment ; if not , there will be another treatment for them , " Thaugsuban said . Some 20,000 protesters massed in the capital and split into groups . About 4,000 or 5,000 gathered outside Government House . That is the former prime minister 's residence , but Yingluck has already vacated it . Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathabut , security adviser to the government , told CNN the PDRC had mobilized supporters from the countryside to join the protests in the capital . He said smaller groups also gathered at Bangkok television stations and other locations around the city . "  We are monitoring  the situation  closely , " he said , adding that 60,000 security forces were on standby . At the Royal Thai Police Club , command center of the temporary security task force , the Center for the Administration for Peace and Order , police used tear gas and water cannon on protesters who attempted to enter the complex , said Paradon . Four people were injured . At Government House , stalls were erected and free food and drinks handed out to the protesters . The protest was peaceful , with music and dancing . A moment of silence was held for those killed in the country 's longstanding political conflict . ` Judicial coup ' ? The rally comes at the end of a week of political chaos in Thailand , which saw Yingluck and nine Cabinet ministers removed from office by a top court on Wednesday in what her supporters saw as a "  judicial coup . " Her supporters plan their own mass rally on Saturday . Members of the National Anti-Corruption Committee unanimously indicted Yingluck , 46 , on Thursday for dereliction of duty over her government 's controversial rice subsidy scheme , committee member Wicha Mahakun told reporters in Bangkok . The Senate will now vote on whether to impeach her . Asked how that could impact her since she 's already out as prime minister , Wicha said the case still needed to be reviewed by the Senate and that she could be banned from political office for five years , if impeached . Analysts had speculated the commission might also indict Yingluck 's replacement as caretaker , the deputy prime minister and commerce minister Niwatthamrong Boonsongpaisan , creating a political vacuum . But Wicha did not announce any measures against the new head of government . An committee also considered whether to file criminal charges against Yingluck , but had not yet found sufficient evidence for that , he said . The rice subsidy program , introduced in 2011 , pledged to pay farmers well above the market rate for their crop , but has run into financial problems . Critics say it has wasted large amounts of public funds trying to please rural voters , hurting exports and leaving the government with large stockpiles of rice it ca n't sell without losing money . Yingluck has previously said she was only in charge of developing policy around the scheme , not its day-to-day implementation , accusing the commission of unfair treatment . READ MORE : Yingluck denies corruption allegations over rice program ` Political freefall ' Analysts warn the week 's developments could lead to more political turmoil and a resumption of violent clashes . "  The post-Yingluck polarization is likely to deepen and intensify , " said Thitinan Pongsudhirak , political scientist at Chulalongkorn University . "  We are now looking at a political freefall . ... Much worse looks likely in the near term , before we can hope for improved circumstances in the longer term . " Officials confirmed Thursday a grenade had been thrown at the house of one of the Constitutional Court judges whose ruling forced Yingluck from office . Paradon told CNN nobody was hurt in the early morning attack on the home of the judge , Jumpot Kaimook . "  It landed on his garage , " he said . The court removed Yingluck , who was elected in 2011 and had been serving as caretaker prime minister until elections could be held , after finding her guilty of violating the country 's constitution for reassigning a senior security official . The official was replaced by the then national police chief , whose role in turn was given to Priewpan Damapong , a relative of Yingluck . Damapong is the brother of Thaksin 's ex-wife . ` Polarization to intensify ' Analyst Paul Quaglia , director at PQA Associates , a Bangkok-based risk assessment firm , said the court 's removal of an elected prime minister on what he described as "  fairly weak " grounds was viewed by the government 's supporters as a case of politically motivated judicial overreach . "  They consider it a way to usurp democratic elections , " he said . Yingluck is the third Thaksin-linked prime minister to be dismissed by the Constitutional Court , which also dissolved Thaksin 's Thai Rak Thai political party in 2007 , raising suspicions among government supporters that the institution was biased against them . Thitinan said the appointment of Niwatthamrong , seen as closely affiliated to Yingluck and her brother , was poor judgment , especially when another deputy prime minister , Pongthep Thepkanchana , would have been a more acceptable compromise candidate . "  He lacks the stature and networks to see through an interim caretaker administration , " he said . "  Nevertheless , no matter who comes in as the new caretaker , the tensions will mount . " Widening divide Thailand 's widening political divide pits anti-government , predominantly urban "  yellow shirt " protesters against the pro-government , mainly rural and working class "  red shirts . " The anti-government protesters , drawn mainly from Bangkok 's middle class , royalist establishment , allege that Yingluck is her brother 's puppet and seek to rid Thai politics of her family 's influence . Led by the PDRC , they began their protests in November , outraged by her government 's botched attempt to pass an amnesty bill that would have paved the way for the return of Thaksin to the political fray in earnest . Parliament was then dissolved in December ahead of a snap February general election that was disrupted by anti-government protesters , and subsequently ruled invalid by the Constitutional Court . The protesters are seeking a new government -- but not through elections , which the opposition Democrat Party has boycotted , arguing the alleged corruption of their political rivals makes widespread reform necessary before any meaningful vote can be held . "  They claim the Thaksin clan as they call  it  is corrupt and has dominated the country 's politics , and the only way forward is to remove the Thaksin influence from politics and not have elections , " said Quaglia . Suthep , a former deputy prime minister for the Democrat Party , has instead called for power to be transferred to an unelected "  people 's council . " But Quaglia said the opposition 's real motivation for avoiding elections was clear . "  The Democrat Party say ` No , we ca n't have elections , ' because they know they will lose those elections . " In contrast , the red shirt supporters of Yingluck and her brother , many of whom hail from the north and northeast of the country , accuse the court of bias against their side . PDRC spokesman Akanat Phrompan told CNN his movement did not recognize the legitimacy of the caretaker government . "  Currently there is no government to govern this country , so we must find a way to appoint a new government . " ` Breaking point ' Meanwhile , the red shirts are planning their own rally in Bangkok Saturday to protest what Quaglia said they saw as "  a judicial coup . " In the wake of the court 's ruling Wednesday , supporters at the red shirts ' Bangkok headquarters were defiant . "  This is the breaking point now , everything is leading up to the breaking point , " Kanthira Ketawandee , a Bangkok piano teacher and Yingluck supporter told CNN . "  I would say Yingluck has died  in  her duty for democracy . " Thida Thavornset , a red shirt leader urged supporters to join Saturday 's rally . "  We wo n't give up until we win . " Elections are scheduled for July 20 , but Thitinan said he believed it was "  unlikely " that a vote would proceed in the wake of recent developments . "  The PDRC appears intent on pressing on for an appointment government of its preference , which can only galvanize red shirt protests , " he said . "  A showdown is looming . "	Officials expect up to 60,000 at the anti-government rally Protesters are seeking to replace the embattled caretaker government Political tensions are high after the ouster of Yingluck Shinawatra as PM Wednesday Analysts fear a resumption of political violence
CNN  -- Orange is the new snack -- that 's the case in Ukraine anyway after one of the country 's top football players donated 20 tons of tangerines to local children . Darijo Srna , who plays for Donetsk-based Shakhtar , made the gesture which allowed for the fruit from his hometown of Metkovic in Croatia , which is renowned for the fruit , to arrive in Ukraine . "  As a child , back in Croatia , I also went through a period when I needed help , " Srna told the club 's official website . "  It is very important that there are people who support you in difficult situations . Donbass and Donetsk gave me a lot . And these citrus fruit is just a small gift that I can give back . " Donetsk has been besieged by fighting with the club 's Donbass Arena suffering damage from shelling . In April 2014 , pro-Russian activists took control of government buildings in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine . This season , Shakhtar has been forced to play its home league games in Kiev , the capital city , while it has hosted Champions League fixtures in Lviv . "  I am missing it a lot , " Srna said of Donetsk . "  Every day I read and watch the news . After each game I tell the guys that all the goals we score , all our victories are our gift to Donbass , to Donetsk , to the fans of Shakhtar , who currently have a tough time . " Srna , 32 , who grew up during the Balkans war , says he hopes the arrival of the tangerines , each with their own greeting card , will help bring some solace to those in the region . "  I respect Donetsk a lot , " he said . "  This is my city . The city in which I have been supported for 11 years , owing to which I matured both as a footballer and individual . "  I do it not for someone to say : "  Well done , Darijo ! " This is from the heart and soul . I 'll try to support all those who need it , " he added .	Darijo Srna donates tangerines to children of Ukraine Srna plays for Shakhtar Donetsk Shakhtar currently forced to play its games away from Donetsk Srna says he misses playing in front of the team 's supporters
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- "  I was a walking time bomb . I knew I had to get on that plane if I wanted to be around to see my grandkids . " Sandra Giustina is rolled into surgery to correct her atrial fibrillation at Max Hospital in New Dehli , India . Sandra Giustina is a 61-year-old uninsured American . For three years she saved her money in hopes of affording heart surgery to correct her atrial fibrillation . "  They -LSB- U.S. hospitals -RSB- told me it would be about $ 175,000 , and there was just no way could I come up with that , " Giustina said . So , with a little digging online , she found several high quality hospitals vying for her business , at a fraction of the U.S. cost . Within a month , she was on a plane from her home in Las Vegas , Nevada , to New Delhi , India . Surgeons at Max Hospital fixed her heart for "  under $ 10,000 total , including travel . " Giustina is just one of millions around the world journeying outside their native land for medical treatment , a phenomenon known as "  medical tourism . " Experts say the trend in global health care has just begun . Next year alone , an estimated 6 million Americans will travel abroad for surgery , according to a 2008 Deloitte study . "  Medical care in countries such as India , Thailand and Singapore can cost as little as 10 percent of the cost of comparable care in the United States , " the report found . Companies such as Los Angeles-based Planet Hospital are creating a niche in the service industry as medical travel planners . One guidebook says that more than 200 have sprung up in the last few years . "  We find the best possible surgeons and deliver their service to patients safely , affordably and immediately , " said Rudy Rupak , president of Planet Hospital . "  No one should have to choose between an operation to save their life or going bankrupt . " Planet Hospital , which works with international clients as well as Americans , books patients ' travel and arranges phone interviews with potential surgeons . Patients are greeted by a company representative at the airport in the country where they 've chosen to be treated ; a 24-hour personal "  patient concierge " is also provided , a level of service that 's standard among many of the top medical travel planning companies . Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta meet some medical tourists " "  Our patient concierge was amazing , " said Giustina . "  He came to the hospital every day , gave us his personal -LSB- telephone -RSB- number and after my operation , he arranged private tours of India . " Just two days post-op , Giustina and her husband , Dino , toured local markets and landmarks including the Presidential Palace and the Taj Mahal . "  I was able to fix my heart and tour India , which is something I thought I 'd never do . " Walk through a patient wing at Max Hospital in New Delhi on any given day and you 're likely to see people from around the world . In one visit , CNN met patients from the United Kingdom , Nigeria , Jordan , Afghanistan and the United States . They 're alike in choosing surgery abroad , but their reasons differ . Many South Asians and Africans said they travel abroad because they do not have access to care in their homeland . Some Canadians and Europeans said they chose to travel aboard , despite having national health plans , because they are tired of waiting -- sometimes years -- for treatment . Patients from the Middle East said they come to India because the technology as well as the staff is more advanced . For most Americans CNN spoke to , it came down to finding the best value . "  If I could have afforded my procedure in the United States , I would have taken it , but that was not my option , " Giustina said . "  I had to get online and look for a Plan B. " Read about hot destinations for medical tourism The private hospitals in India market themselves as having upscale accommodations , Western-trained surgeons and state-of-the-art medical equipment . CNN spent time at Max Healthcare in New Delhi and saw operating rooms similar to those in many U.S. hospitals . If fact , Max 's neurosurgery room had an inter-operative MRI scanner , which is technology hardly seen at hospitals in the United States . The lobby had marble floors , a book café , coffee station and a Subway sandwich shop . The patient suites were equipped with flat screen TVs , DVD players and Wi-Fi . This hospital also catered to families traveling together . The suites had adjoining rooms with a kitchenette , coffee maker and a sofa bed . Max neurosurgeon Dr. Ajaya Jha said the hospital can provide high-quality care at low prices because the staff work hard to cut waste . Watch Dr. Gupta visit an Indian spice market " "  I 've seen hospitals in the U.S. where they open up something costing $ 10,000 and say , ` Oh it 's not working . OK , give me another one . ' We would never do that here . Even for 100 rupees  about $ 2  -- we would say , "  Do we need to open this suture ? Do we need to open this gauze ? ' We are very conscious of cost . " Hospital officials negotiate hard to keep costs low for high-tech medical machinery and other supplies , Jha said . "  In the U.S. people are making careers out of carrying laptops and documenting things that are not really useful in the long term for the patient . " The salary of a U.S. surgeon is five times that of a surgeon in India . "  We -LSB- surgeons in India -RSB- want to make a profit , but we do n't want to profiteer . We do n't want squeeze people and I think American industries should also think that way , " Jha said . Critics of medical tourism warn patients to be diligent when researching treatment aboard . "  I 've found that industry voices tend to crowd out those of us who are more cautious about the legal risks , " said Nathan Cortez , assistant law professor at Southern Methodist University , who is conducting a case study investigating what legal recourse patients have outside America . Patients do n't think about their legal vulnerabilities , Cortez said . "  Some countries limit patient access to medical records so they ca n't really learn what happened during the surgery . And a lot of practitioners in other countries just refuse to give you your medical records . So people have to weigh the risk versus benefits . " While most tourism patients from America are uninsured , major U.S. insurance companies are considering providing "  medical tourism " coverage to their customers . Several have already launched pilot programs . "  I think what 's really important about medical tourism is that you make the choice for what 's right for you and what 's important to them , " said a spokesman for U.S. health insurer WellPoint Inc. . Experts say that every patient considering traveling abroad for surgery should inquire about postoperative care , legal rights and the safety standards and certifications of the hospital . Foreign health care providers should be willing to discuss the procedure and answer question ahead of time . "  What really helped me feel good about the process was that my doctor in the U.S. spoke to the cardiologist in India prior to my trip , " said Giustina . "  They were so open about everything ; I knew I 'd be in good hands . " Just weeks from returning from abroad , Giustina says she has only one regret , "  I should n't have waited so long ! I feel like a new person again , no more pain . "	Study : More than 6 million from U.S. will travel abroad for treatment in the next year Companies creating a niche in the service industry as medical travel planners Hospitals market upscale accommodations , Western-trained surgeons
CNN  -- A 32-year-old Puerto Rican recruiter for a cosmetology school in Chicago , Illinois , accused federal immigration authorities on Thursday of throwing him in jail over the weekend as a result of racial profiling . "  I was just profiled , " Eduardo Caraballo told CNN in a telephone interview . The incident began on May 18 , when police showed up at the building housing the school in the suburban Chicago town of Berwyn . The school is owned by his mother . The building includes a storage area where police found a car that Caraballo said he was storing for a friend -- but which turned out to have been stolen . After 48 hours in police custody , Caraballo was interviewed by an Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent , he said . "  She did not believe I was Puerto Rican because of the way I look and the way I talk , " he said . "  I guess I have a Mexican accent . " On May 20 , he was taken to the Cook County Correctional Center . Authorities there told his mother , Patricia Caraballo , that she could not bail him out because immigration had a hold on him , he said . His mother , who is Mexican , then took her son 's birth certificate to immigration authorities , her son said . But immigration officials asked the younger Caraballo to describe his life in Puerto Rico , a U.S. commonwealth ; scrutinized the papers brought by his mother ; and came away unpersuaded . "  Last time I was in Puerto Rico , I was 18 years old , " Caraballo said . "  I do n't really like Puerto Rico -- or Mexico . I like Chicago . I was raised here . " Finally , on Monday , an ICE supervisor allowed him to leave . "  If it was that simple , why could n't they do it Friday ? " Caraballo asked . The Rev. Walter L. Coleman , of Lincoln United Methodist Church in Chicago , has taken up Caraballo 's cause . "  This was based on a clear case of racial profiling and a clear distrust that would not have been extended to a Caucasian or somebody who was Anglo-American , " Coleman told reporters Thursday . "  We have an integral connection between racial profiling and discrimination and the prosecution of our broken racial laws , " he added . "  It 's everywhere in this country and it 's going to intensify . " Chris Bergin , a lawyer for Familia Latina Unida Ministries and Centro Sin Fronteras , said he was considering taking legal action against the government on behalf of Caraballo . That is an example of what we 're facing as we see a broken immigration system that is aimed really at Latinos and aimed at intimidation and aimed at persecution and aimed at discrimination and ultimately aimed at disempowering the entire community in this country , " Bergin said . In a statement , ICE said it "  places ` detainers ' or holds on individuals whom we have reason to believe are in the U.S. in violation of law . Based upon the evidence initially available on this individual , ICE agents placed a detainer on him . However , after ICE confirmed the individual 's identity as a U.S. citizen , we immediately canceled the detainer . "  This individual was held in local law enforcement custody over the weekend on an ICE detainer based on initially available information that he was an alien subject to deportation . ICE took custody of him on Monday morning and released him within one hour , after his identity was verified , and the ICE detainer was canceled . " But that explanation did n't placate Bergin . "  They 're supposed to be the experts in this and they did n't act like experts , " he said . "  When it comes to Latinos , what has happened is they have flipped the coin on its head : The burden of proof now is on them to prove that they are legal , that they are citizens . ... That is not what America is about . " And ICE 's defense raised eyebrows from Jacqueline Stevens , professor of political science at Northwestern University in Evanston , Illinois , outside Chicago . "  Their defense is only valid if someone is foreign-born , " she said . "  It 's not a valid defense if someone is asserting that they 're born in the United States . That 's basically kidnapping and false imprisonment . " But such incidents are not unusual , said Stevens , who went through the files of an immigration and refugee rights project and found that 82 cases -- 1 percent of the total -- involved U.S. citizens , most of whom had been held for one to three months . That would translate to 4,000 of the 400,000 people detained last year by ICE , Stevens said . She also tracked 30 cases since 2003 where ICE went a step further and deported U.S. citizens , she said . In one case , it took a man wrongfully deported to Jamaica a decade to put together the paperwork to return to the United States , she said .	Puerto Rican detained over the weekend on ICE orders "  This was based on a clear case of racial profiling , " his defender says ICE : "  We immediately canceled the detainer " Lawyer : "  This is not what America is about "
CNN  -- They 've served in wars in what is now the U.S. since 1637 . When natural disasters strike , they 're often among the first to head to the epicenter . And now , National Guard members are trying to keep the peace in Ferguson , Missouri , as the city grapples with the shooting death of an unarmed teenager . Ferguson certainly is n't the first time the troops have been called up to quell civil unrest . According to the U.S. Constitution , the militia can be deployed "  to execute the Laws of the Union , suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions . " And both the president and governors can call up the troops . Here 's a look at other times National Guard members have stepped in during civil turmoil : WHAT : Hurricane Katrina WHEN : 2005 WHY : In addition to assisting with rescues , National Guard members were called in to help support local law enforcement . Lt. Gen. Russel HonorÃ © , who led Task Force Katrina , said National Guard troops "  were positioned on every block to establish a sense of safety and source of help for the people in need . " The storm that led to 1,833 deaths also spawned tumult , particularly in New Orleans . Officers told CNN at the time they lacked manpower and steady communications to properly do their jobs . They said they needed help to prevent the spread of looting and violence that were prevalent in the city . HonorÃ © said about 50,000 National Guard members responded to Katrina . They "  did not leave communities till people were safe and sound , " he wrote . WHAT : Los Angeles riots WHEN : 1992 WHY : When four police officers were acquitted after the beating of Rodney King , a series of riots over five days left more than 50 people dead and a city wracked with racial tensions . Like in Ferguson , the Los Angeles conflict started with the controversial treatment of a black man by white police . After King led officers on a high-speed chase , he was struck more than 50 times with police batons and suffered 11 fractures . More than 9,800 California National Guard troops were dispatched to help restore order . Unlike with Ferguson , where Missouri National Guard troops were summoned by the governor , President George H.W. Bush called the Guard into federal service during the Los Angeles riots . The LA riots marked the most recent time the National Guard was federalized , National Guard spokesman Jeremy Webster said . WHAT : Kent State University rally WHEN : 1970 WHY : About 100 Ohio National Guardsmen were called to Kent State in Ohio to disperse an angry crowd of students protesting the Vietnam War . Guard members fired tear gas , and some students said they were surprised the guardsmen followed them as they ran away . After several standoffs , 28 Ohio guardsmen fired into the crowd for 13 seconds , wounding nine students and killing four . The shootings led to a national protest involving more than 4 million students . WHAT : Little Rock high school desegregation WHEN : 1957 WHY : In perhaps the most controversial state deployment of National Guard members , Arkansas Gov. Orval Faubus called on troops to block nine black students from attending Little Rock Central High School . "  That 's when I knew that they were just not going to let me go to school ... that they were not there to protect me , too , like the other students , " recalled Elizabeth Eckford , one of the "  Little Rock Nine . " She was 15 at the time . The nine black students were taunted and spat upon by a white mob when they attended school . President Dwight Eisenhower eventually sent more than 1,010 federal troops to Little Rock to ensure compliance with court-ordered integration . WHAT : Whiskey Rebellion WHEN : 1794 WHY : A popular uprising broke out against a federal excise tax on liquor and the stills that produced it . After Pennsylvania 's governor said he did n't have enough militia to enforce compliance , Secretary of War Henry Knox called for more than 12,000 troops from Virginia , Maryland , New Jersey and Pennsylvania . But it took two months to get the troops to western Pennsylvania . By the time they reached Pittsburgh , the uprising had been pacified . Why bring National Guard to Ferguson ? Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US CNN 's Mary Rose Fox and Jamie Maglietta contributed to this report .	National Guard troops can be activated by governors or the president Every state and Washington , D.C. , have their own National Guard Guard members have helped quell unrest in Los Angeles and New Orleans They have also been mired in controversy , such as with the Kent State shootings
CNN  -- Former world number one Justine Henin has confirmed her retirement from tennis for the second time , after failing to recover from the elbow injury she sustained last year . The 28-year-old Belgian -- the winner of seven grand slam titles in a glittering career -- initially quit the sport in May 2008 , but returned at the start of last year and subsequently reached the final of the Australian Open . However , she sustained an injury to her right elbow in last year 's Wimbledon tournament and -- despite playing through the pain to reach the third round at Melbourne this year -- Henin has now decided to call it a day after listening to medical advice . Women 's tennis will miss the elegance of Henin ... Confirming the news on her official website , Henin said : "  After my crash at Wimbledon last year I knew it would be difficult to come back -- but I had decided to give everything to overcome the injury . "  However , in these recent months I have rarely been spared from the pain and only returning to the tennis court would give me answers . "  Unfortunately I suffered a lot last week and every day gave me more and more pain . I have had tests on my injury and the results are clear -- my elbow is too fragile and damaged for me to continue playing tennis at the highest level , " she added . Henin will go down as one of the greatest players of her era , although failing to win a Wimbledon title -- she twice lost in the final -- is the one missing piece in her impressive career that saw her win four French Open titles , two U.S. Opens and an Australian Open crown . Henin - count me out for Australian Open She topped the world rankings for two years but off court problems , including a much-publicized divorce , were blamed for her sudden initial retirement from the sport after the 2008 French Open .	Former world No. 1 Justine Henin confirms her retirement from tennis for the second time The 28-year-old Belgian quits after failing to recover from an elbow injury Henin sustained the elbow injury during last year 's Wimbledon tournament She was top of the world rankings for two years and won seven grand slam titles
CNN  -- Colombia and the United States signed an agreement Friday that allows U.S. personnel to be stationed at seven military bases in the South American nation . The United States says it needs the bases to help in its fight against terrorists and narcotraffickers , especially since the closure a few months ago of a U.S. base in Ecuador . The United States maintains similar "  forward operating locations " in El Salvador and Aruba-Curacao . Colombia 's agreement to host the Americans has come under harsh criticism in Latin America , particularly from President Hugo Chavez in neighboring Venezuela . Chavez has likened the agreement to an act of war and accuses the United States of wanting to stage military personnel nearby to destabilize his leftist government . The U.S. forward operating location in Aruba-Curacao is off the northern coast of Venezuela . The United States linked Colombia 's agreement to a trade pact the South American nation wants . Colombia also stands to gain from U.S. help in the nation 's 45-year-old war against Marxist guerrillas known as the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , commonly called FARC . Colombian Foreign Minister Jaime Bermudez , Defense Minister Gabriel Silva and Interior and Justice Minister Fabio Valencia Cossio were joined by U.S. Ambassador William Brownfield in signing the document Friday in Bogota , the nation 's capital .	U.S. military personnel may be stationed at seven Colombian bases U.S. says agreement will help fight against traffickers , terrorists Venezuelan leader has called agreement an act of war Colombia wants U.S. aid in 45-year anti-guerrilla battle
Atlanta  CNN  -- The young Georgia woman fighting a flesh-eating bacteria underwent a successful skin graft this week as she continues her astounding recovery . The procedure was performed Monday on a massive wound left open when doctors were forced to remove tissue last month from Aimee Copeland 's abdomen , side and hip in an effort to prevent the spread of the bacteria , according to an update posted on her father 's blog Friday . Georgia flesh-eating bacteria victim 's condition upgraded An additional skin graft was scheduled to be performed Friday , her father said , describing it as the "  final initial graft procedure to close the open wound . " "  I say ` final initial ' because I understand that skin surfaces continue to break down over time and that Aimee will need follow-up surgeries to repair those areas in the weeks , months and years ahead , " Andy Copeland wrote . "  Aimee 's wound repair is a lifelong process that will require ongoing attention and medical care , however , the surgery today will bring her one step closer to her biggest challenge yet : rehab . " Earlier this week , Copeland , 24 , was upgraded from critical to serious condition at Doctors Hospital of Augusta , where she has been receiving treatment . Aimee Copeland speaks , jokes , father says The young Snellville woman 's ordeal began May 1 , when she was riding a makeshift zip line across the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta . The line snapped , and she fell and got a gash in her left calf that took 22 staples to close . Three days later , still in pain , she went to an emergency room . Doctors eventually determined she had necrotizing fasciitis caused by the flesh-devouring bacterium Aeromonas hydrophila . In addition to the tissue removed from her abdomen , the bacteria led surgeons to amputate most of her hands , one of her legs and her remaining foot in an effort to stay ahead of the disease . Copeland late last month began breathing on her own and talking for the first time in weeks , and even cracked jokes , her father said . Family counters bacteria with faith	A second skin-graft procedure is scheduled for Friday The graft is performed on an open wound on Aimee Copeland 's abdomen Copeland , 24 , was upgraded this week from critical to serious condition
A Texas teen who 's been jailed more than four months for a Facebook comment he made during a video-game argument is finally getting a day in court that could let him go home . Justin Carter , who was 18 when he was arrested , will appear in Comal County  Texas  District Court on Tuesday , July 16 , for a bond hearing , according to his lawyer , Don Flanary . Flanary told CNN he will argue to have Carter 's $ 500,000 bond , which his family can not afford to cover , reduced . Flanary , who is working the case for free , met with Carter for the first time on Tuesday . He said Carter is not doing well , and his family says he has been placed on suicide watch . "  Justin is in bad shape and has suffered quite a bit of abuse while in jail , " Flanary said in an e-mail . "  We will likely bring out these issues at the bond hearing . " He did not elaborate on the type of abuse claimed by Carter , who is now 19 . In February , Carter and a friend were arguing on Facebook with someone else over the online video game "  League of Legends . " His father told CNN that the other gamer called Justin crazy and his son responded with sarcasm . According to court documents , Justin wrote , "  I 'm f *** ed in the head alright . I think I ` ma  sic  shoot up a kindergarten and watch the blood of the innocent rain down and eat the beating heart of one of them . " Jack Carter said his son followed the claim with "  LOL " and "  J/K " -- indicating that the comment was n't serious . Authorities say someone reported the comment -- which came about two months after the killings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut -- and Justin Carter was arrested February 21 on a charge of making terroristic threats . In Texas , that 's a felony that carries a sentence of up to eight years in prison . Police originally thought Carter lived with his father in Austin , Texas , at a home the arrest report says is 100 yards from a school . They later learned he was living in New Braunfels , between Austin and San Antonio . The Austin Police Department declined to provide CNN with additional documents related to the case . The Comal County District Attorney 's office , which is prosecuting the case , did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Carter 's case has stirred support online . A Change.org petition by his mother , calling for his release , had received more than 43,000 digital signatures as of Wednesday morning . "  Justin 's a good kid , " Jennifer Carter wrote on the petition . "  He would n't hurt anyone , let alone a child . " She wrote that he has been "  assaulted a number of times " in jail and that no weapons were found during a search of his home . The American Civil Liberties Union tells CNN it is monitoring the case . "  We are all concerned about safety in our schools , but that 's not what is at issue here , " said Rebecca L. Robertson , legal and policy director for the ACLU of Texas . "  The First Amendment protects a person 's speech -- even speech that is in poor taste -- as long as it is not a true threat . "  Justin 's online comment might have been distasteful and thoughtless . But , if the facts as reported are true , his comment is an objectionable joke rather than an actual threat , in which case the Comal County District Attorney is prosecuting protected speech . That 's a dangerous precedent . "	Jailed teen to get hearing that could reduce his bond Attorney says Justin Carter , 19 , has "  suffered abuse " in jail Carter was arrested after arguing on Facebook over a video game The terroristic threat charge is a felony that brings up to eight years in prison
CNN  -- Attorneys for Graham Spanier on Wednesday blasted a university-funded review that accused the former Penn State president of complicity in the alleged coverup of a child sex abuse scandal involving former coach Jerry Sandusky . Timothy K. Lewis called the review led by former FBI Director Louis Freeh a "  blundering , indefensible indictment " and "  a flat-out distortion of facts " that was "  infused with bias and innuendo . " Freeh 's 267-page report was released in July and blamed Spanier , legendary football coach Joe Paterno , suspended Athletic Director Tim Curley and ex-Vice President Gary Schultz with taking part in a coverup to avoid bad publicity . Spanier blasts report , says he was abused as a child The scandal led to Spanier 's ouster and shocked the nation after Freeh 's team concluded that the school 's top administrators had "  empowered " Sandusky to continue his abuse . Freeh also said Paterno could have stopped the attacks had he done more , though neither graduate assistant Mike McQueary , Sandusky nor Paterno -- who died in January -- were interviewed by his investigators . The former defensive coordinator was convicted in June of sexually abusing 10 young boys over several years . He continues to maintain his innocence . In Spanier 's first interview since the scandal unfolded , he spoke with The New Yorker magazine in an interview published Wednesday . Spanier reiterated his position about e-mails he is accused of exchanging with top university officials over two specific allegations of abuse involving Sandusky : one in 1998 and another in 2001 . "  I have no recollection " of the exchanges from the 1998 incident , he told Jeffrey Toobin , a staff writer for The New Yorker and CNN senior legal analyst . "  I am aware , as I said in my letter to the board of trustees , that I was apparently copied on two e-mails . I did n't reply to them . The first e-mail that I saw did n't mention anybody 's name . It simply said something to the effect of ` The employee will be interviewed tomorrow , ' something like that , no name mentioned . Then , about five weeks later , I think it was , I was copied on another e-mail that said , ` The interview has been completed , the investigation has been completed , nothing was found , Jerry felt badly that the kid might have felt badly . ' " Penn State to host sex abuse conference Spanier then said Curley and Schultz came to him "  with a heads-up " after the 2001 incident , in which McQueary reported that he heard "  rhythmic slapping sounds " coming from a university shower room and saw Sandusky directly behind a young boy . "  They said we received a report that a member of the athletic department staff , after a workout in one of our athletic facilities , saw Jerry Sandusky in the locker room with one of his kids , meaning one of his Second Mile kids , " Spanier said , referring to Sandusky 's former foundation . "  And it was reported that they were horsing around in the shower . Now , they either used the word ` horsing around ' or ` horseplay . ' And the staff member was n't sure what he saw , because it was indirect and around a corner . " The former president then said he recalls asking whether the administrators were "  sure that 's how it was described to you , as ` horsing around ' ? "  And the answer was yes from both Gary and Tim , " Spanier recalled . "  I remember , for a moment , sort of figuratively scratching our heads and thinking about what 's an appropriate way to follow up on ` horsing around . ' I had never gotten a report like that before . " Spanier then said that he decided Curley should speak with Sandusky "  and explain to him that this is unacceptable to us . " Penn State football loses star tailback to USC "  He was no longer an employee at the university ; he 'd been retired for three years . So we did n't have any hold over him in that way . But he was with the Second Mile , and we thought , we should tell the president of the Second Mile that we 're going to give Jerry this directive , and we 'd like their support for that , and we do n't want any Second Mile kids being brought into the athletic shower facilities . " Curley and Schultz still face felony perjury counts amid accusations of lying to a grand jury and failing to report suspected child abuse . They have pleaded not guilty . "  As Mr. Spanier 's lawyers said today , there is one thing about which there is no doubt : Tim Curley did not tell Dr. Spanier that Mr. Sandusky sexually abused a young boy in 2001 , " said Curley 's attorney , Caroline Roberto . "  And that is because Mike McQueary never told anyone , including Tim Curley and Gary Schultz , that he witnessed Mr. Sandusky sexually abusing a young boy in a Penn State shower . " She said the truth will be determined at trial and not by the "  baseless opinion of a so-called independent investigation . " Schultz 's attorney , Tom Farrell , said the Freeh report was "  inaccurate , incomplete and unfair . " Schultz testified to a grand jury that McQueary never told him that the assistant had witnessed sexual abuse , Farrell reiterated . Attorneys : Sandusky voice mails released CNN 's Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	Attorney calls Penn State review led by former FBI Director Louis Freeh "  blundering " 267-page report released in July blamed ex-president with taking part in coverup Former coach was convicted in June of sexually abusing 10 young boys over several years In his first interview since the scandal , Spanier spoke with The New Yorker magazine
CNN  -- In-form Borussia Dortmund made it five straight wins on Sunday with a topsy-turvy 3-2 Bundesliga victory at Cologne having looked like they had thrown the three points away . Mats Hummel opened the scoring in the 28th minute and doubled Dortmund 's lead in first-half injury time . That remained the score going into the final 10 minutes and Kevin McKenna 's 82nd-minute strike looked nothing more than a consolation for the home side . Youssef Mohamad equalized with two minutes left , reacting quickest from McKenna 's header . However , Kevin Grosskreutz popped up to win it in injury time with a shot that deflected past Cologne goalkeeper Faryd Mondragon . That goal sealed victory for the visitors -- who remain fifth in the table , five points off the pace . Meanwhile , Kevin Kuranyi 's goal early in the second half was enough for Schalke to beat Nuremberg 1-0 at home to continue their good recent form . Kuranyi scored the only goal in the 48th minute and the Schalke defence held firm to seal the points . Felix Magath 's side clinched their fourth straight victory and fifth in the last six games to return to second place in the table , just one point behind leaders Bayer Leverkusen .	Borussia Dortmund make it five straight wins with a topsy-turvy 3-2 Bundesliga victory at Cologne Kevin Grosskreutz pops up in injury time to seal the victory for the visitors who are five points off the top Kevin Kuranyi scores the only goal for Schalke as they beat Nuremberg 1-0 to return to second in table
CNN  -- Floating wind farms could soon be powering thousands of European homes after a prototype seaborne turbine sailed through technological trials off the coast of Agucadoura , Portugal . The 54-meter tall renewable structure sits atop a semi-submersible platform known as a WindFloat situated five kilometers from shore . It has been manufactured by WindPlus , a consortium of energy and clean-tech companies including Principle Power , Energias de Portugal and Vestas . The group hopes their primary success will help secure European Union funding to add another five turbines alongside the existing model , engendering greater electrical production . "  The  initial  turbine is capable of producing 2MW  megawatts  instantaneously at any one time , given enough wind , " says Alla Weinstein , CEO of Principal Power . "  This is equivalent to 1,300 households . The cumulative production thus far in Portugal has been 1.7 GWh  gigawatt hours  , " she adds . See also : Wind turbine creates water from thin air Unlike existing offshore wind farms and underwater tidal turbines , floating structures do not have to be permanently fixed to the ocean floor . Instead they are kept in place by a drag embedment anchor , much like the devices used to moor oil rigs in deep ocean environments . This means WindFloat structures could theoretically be transported to any ocean location where there is a strong wind resource , says Weinstein . An undersea cable transmits the energy produced on site back ashore . The costs for transporting electricity rise the further out to sea the structures are placed . "  We feel the ideal distance is out of sight from land , typically 12-18 miles , " says Weinstein . "  This distance mitigates stakeholder visual concerns yet decreases the exposure to exorbitant transmission costs . " Weinstein highlights lower construction costs -- the WindPlus turbine cost â ‚ ¬ 20 million  $ 24.9 million  to build and install -- as a major advantage the technology has over existing offshore wind farms . See also : Who 's funding Green Energy The fact that turbines and their platforms can be assembled on land  unlike bottom-fixed devices which are assembled at sea on specialized vessels and cost as much as $ 250,000 a day to charter  means "  the cost and risk profile ... is significantly reduced , " she says . But while bullish about the technology 's potential , Weinstein admits there remains a way to go before floating turbines become profitable enterprises . The initial structure off the coast of Portugal is merely a pilot installation to prove the device works and is viable , says Weinstein . "  At the moment we are making money but not enough to cover our costs , " she says . "  There is no doubt in my mind however that this is going to be a profitable technology and profitable venture in the future . It just takes time . "	A floating wind turbine has been inaugurated off the coast of Agucadoura , Portugal The 54-meter tall structure can produce enough energy to power 1,300 households The consortium behind the turbine hope to install five more devices to create the world 's first ever floating wind farm
AMSTERDAM , Netherlands  CNN  -- A Dutch shipping company has been in contact with Somali pirates who hijacked a ship with nine crew members as it traveled through the Gulf of Aden on Sunday , a spokesman said Tuesday . Last month French commandoes landed in Somalia and captured a group of pirates . Lars Walder , of Reider Shipping BV , which owns the MV Amiya Scan , revealed the company has been in contact with the hijackers and that none of the crew had been harmed . "  Everybody was fine under the circumstances , " he said , speaking from Winschoten , Netherlands . "  They were all fine ... -LSB- and -RSB- were treated quite well . " The ship was anchored off the coast of Somalia , within Somalia 's 20-kilometer  12-mile  territorial limit , Walder said . He would not comment on the pirates ' demands out of concern for the crew of four Russians and five Filipinos , and would not say whether the shipping company was negotiating with them . He said he assumed the pirate gang was armed but they have not told him how many they are or whether the are associated with any group . The ship , carrying parts of an old oil rig , was chartered by Scan-Trans Shipping , and was traveling from Kenya to Romania , Walder said . It flies under an Antiguan flag . "  Of course , we hope we get our people , " Walder said . He said that the shipping company had contacted all relevant countries for help , including the Netherlands , Russia , and Somalia . Wary of previous hijackings near the Somali coast , Walder said the MV Amiya Scan had not been traveling within the country 's 12-mile  20-kilometer  territorial limit when it was seized . There have been 24 attacks on ships near the Somali coast and in the Gulf of Aden this year , said Capt. Pottengal Mukundan , director of the International Maritime Bureau , which tracks pirate attacks . Of those 24 , he said , seven have been successful hijackings . Cyrus Mody of the same bureau said that Somali pirates seem to take ships "  purely for financial gain . " In the seven cases this year , most were resolved with a ransom payment , Mody said , adding that the pirates in Somalia typically treat the crews on the hijacked ships well . Mody added there are at least four distinct pirate groups in the country and it is difficult to tell which group is responsible for which hijacking . A draft resolution introduced to the U.N. Security Council last month would combat Somali hijackings by allowing foreign governments to pursue pirate vessels into Somalia 's territorial waters and make arrests . The resolution , sponsored by the United States , Panama , France and Britain , noted that Somalia 's transitional government welcomes international assistance . Maritime groups say they hope the resolution is adopted and expanded to other waters .	Somali pirates hijack ship and take nine crew members hostage Dutch shipping firm in contact with pirate gang 24 ships have been hijacked off Somalia 's coast already this year
CNN  -- Hjalti á Lava was searching his iPhone for a Bible app when he stumbled across Church Online , a service of Web site LifeChurch.tv . Soon he was regularly logging into the Oklahoma-based cyber-church -- some 4,100 miles away from á Lava 's home in the Faroe Islands , west of Norway . "  It allows me to connect with others and have conversations about the message , " says á Lava , who shares his faith with other believers in the site 's live chat room . "  Technology allows us today to have fellowship across borders and cultures . " In doing so , á Lava joined growing numbers of Christians worldwide who are migrating from the chapel to the computer . A map on the Church Online site showed users from 22 countries logged into a recent service . Online religious services offer convenience to those who are too isolated or infirm to attend a real-world church . But can worshipping via a computer offer true spiritual fulfillment ? Internet pastors and parishioners cite their 24-hour access to interactive tools and social-networking platforms to show their online experiences are as meaningful as those that take place with face-to-face congregations . "  We were blown away at how people could actually worship along -LSB- online -RSB- , " says Craig Groeschel , senior pastor at LifeChurch.tv . "  The whole family will gather around the computer , and they 'll sing and they 'll worship together . Instead of trying to get people to come to a church , we feel like we can take a church to them . " But critics believe virtual worship separates followers from a trinity of spiritual essentials found in brick-and-mortar Christian churches : community , Communion and connection with Christ . "  Online church is close enough to the real thing to be dangerous , " says Bob Hyatt , a pastor who leads the brick-and-mortar Evergreen Community Church in Portland , Oregon . In a blog post for ChristianityToday.com , he writes that calling it virtual church "  gives people the idea that everything they need is available here . " The debate is an extension of a wider argument over social interaction in virtual environments versus the physical world . But because practices of faith are involved , both sides are deeply invested in the outcome , seeing it as a statement on the nature of the Christian person 's relationship with God . Supporters of online churches have a common response to their skeptics : Try before you criticize . The virtual experience goes far beyond using live chat rooms to exchange emoticons instead of hugs and handshakes , they say . Links allow congregants to "  raise their hand " and publicly commit to Christ , while prayer requests and one-on-one guidance are a click way . Sermon notes can be shared and discussed . And many online churches are aided by volunteers , allowing them to hold services several times each day . The Internet campus of the Flamingo Road Church in Cooper City , Florida , pulls in more than 2,000 congregants from around the world during its Sunday services . Pastor Doug Gramling said his three children are part of the Internet generation that will eventually decide the future of worship . They use Web tools to stay in constant connection with friends over vast distances , which Gramling says "  gives me confidence that it can happen in online church . " But the disconnect from physical closeness is what Hyatt said he 's "  fighting hardest against . " His own church offers online extensions such as podcasts and forums . But he believes "  the computer screen is a supplement , not a replacement . " Hyatt and other critics are particularly distressed by the online offering of traditional sacraments , such as Communion and baptism . He believes it is "  ridiculous " that someone can grab grape juice and a cracker from the fridge and watch a computer screen , thinking they are truly participating in a gathering of the faithful . "  Something about the physical presence , breaking the same bread , is what Communion is meant to be , " he says . But Church Online participant Donna Cole disagrees . "  Knowing that others are also celebrating Communion , regardless of location , makes it an especially wonderful time , " says Cole , who believes real-world Communion can ring hollow . "  When I 've taken Communion in live surroundings , I often got the sense that it was ritualistic and without meaning . " Matthew Bailey , a parishioner in the Franktown United Methodist Church in Virginia , believes that the meaning of the ritual is what matters . "  If people are willing to go to the trouble of giving their own Communion , then it is quite probably ` real ' for them , " he says . While Bailey chooses to remain at his face-to-face church , he believes any person "  faithfully attending an online church service , is being more proactive , and thus probably more attentive , than many longtime churchgoers . " Douglas Estes , lead pastor of Berryessa Valley Church in San Jose , California , and author of "  SimChurch , " a book about Internet church services , would like to see this debate go away . "  The Bible sees church not as a man-made building but as a people gathered to glorify God with their lives , " he says . Estes believes the quality of a community should be judged by the spiritual fellowship it offers . "  There is only one substantive difference between an online church and a brick-and-mortar church : The place where they meet . "	A growing number of Christians worldwide are migrating from the chapel to the computer Online religious services offer convenience to those who ca n't attend a real-world church Critics believe virtual worship lacks spiritual essentials , such as community Critics also are upset by the online offering of sacraments such as Communion
InStyle.com  -- Style-maker , TV host and opinionated fashionista Carson Kressley explains how to give yourself a complete makeover -- inside and out . Style-maker Carson Kressley spills the naked truth on giving yourself a mental makeover . Minimize the negative As Coco Chanel said , "  Fashion is architecture : It 's a matter of proportions . " In other words : No matter which part of your body you dislike , there 's a clever way to divert the eye elsewhere . Try different styles and employ horizontal  widening  , vertical  elongating  and diagonal  slimming  lines as necessary . Venture out of your comfort zone "  Many women get used to dressing their body a certain way because they think it 's the only thing that works for them , " says Kressley . Find a boutique or department store with well-trained salespeople and try on three styles you 've never worn . It might be a fabric such as jersey that you 've always deemed too clingy or an Empire-waist camisole that you 're convinced looks too young . Not every experiment will be a success , but even one new style or color will prove that there are more ways than you thought to look your best . Do n't be ruled by your insecurities If you 've been avoiding the beach or missing out on parties because you 're afraid of being the largest person there , grab a friend and go to the very place that incites terror -- just be sure you 're wearing an amazing outfit . Avoid a blackout "  Have you ever seen a happy goth ? " muses Kressley . "  I think everyone needs color to feel good . " Too many women rely on head-to-toe black as a form of camouflage . But any hue can be slimming if worn monochromatically -- so instead of black , reach for plum , gray or chocolate brown . Clean out your closet Whether you 're holding on to clothes that are too small because you hope you 'll fit into them someday , or clothes that are too big for fear you 'll grow back into them , you 're keeping past wounds open . "  Old clothes stop you from living in the present , " says Kressley . "  They reinforce what you used to look like . " Get rid of anything you have n't worn in two years and replace it with something new that makes you feel pretty . And while you 're out shopping , have a house-cleaner swing by for good measure . Write yourself a love note Some women are so obsessed with their hips that they fail to notice their flat tummy . Remind yourself of your virtues by writing a note that says something like "  Hey , you have a great chest ! " Tack it to the bathroom mirror so you 'll see it in the morning and before bedtime . "  We 're so trained to look for the negative that we need a physical reminder of the positive , " explains Kressley . Have a princess moment Treating yourself to a massage , a body exfoliation , a professional blow-out , a brow shaping or a mani-pedi can elevate your mood by affirming to yourself that you 're worth the splurge . Get naked Some women on Kressley 's show are so self-conscious about their bodies that they 're reluctant to be naked around their husbands . That discomfort affects how they feel when dressed too . Before you can move as if you own the room , you 'll have to be at ease inside your skin , and spending time in the buff can help . One idea : Take a bath with the  gasp !  lights on -- no candles . "  Feeling comfortable with your body alone is the first step to feeling comfortable with your body around others , " says Kressley . If all else fails , fake it One of Kressley 's favorite mantras is "  looking cute is feeling cute . " So if you 're having a low day , force yourself to go through the motions . Put on your makeup , do your hair , wear a great outfit . Sometimes faking it can give you enough of a boost to lift you out of the doldrums . "  Feeling pretty , " Kressley says , "  changes your whole outlook because you feel good about yourself . " Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fashionista Carson Kressley : Women get stuck in fashion ruts Well-trained salespeople can help you try new styles , colors Old clothes reinforce old looks ; toss anything you have n't worn in 2 years Remind yourself of good things about your body
CNN  -- When Athens was behind schedule in delivering the 2004 Olympic Games , the Greek government called Gianna Angelopoulos to take charge . Angelopoulos had already successfully led the bid committee that saw Athens awarded the 2004 Olympic Games . When she received the appointment in 2000 to become president of the organizing committee , she had just four years instead of the usual seven , to deliver a successful Games . She was the first female president of both a bid committee and an organizing committee for an Olympic Games "  We were the miracle , we showed a different Greece , a can-do Greece in four years instead of seven , " she says . Now Angelopoulos , who was named an ambassador at large by the Greek government , has written a book entitled , "  My Greek Drama " . The personal memoir captures her experience of running the Games along with an assessment of the country 's financial crisis . In an interview with CNN , she says Greece should use lessons learned during the Olympics to turn around its fortunes during its current economic crisis , which has seen 64 % youth unemployment , a bailout from the European Union and a crippling austerity drive . "  It 's not by chance that the crisis came , " she says . "  Politicians like to blame each other . They should have a lesson of how Greece performed during the Olympics . With the Greek economy in its sixth year of recession , Angelopoulos is n't just critical of how the government is handling the crisis -- she 's also concerned about Greece 's reputation overseas . "  The image of Greece around the world is that it 's in crisis and Greeks are lazy and never perform . What I know about Greece is we created a miracle in the making of the Olympics . "  The Greece I know is so different from the Greece I see now . All this achievement was dropped , the politicians dropped it . " Angelopoulos , 57 , who grew up in the island of Crete , trained as a lawyer and served two terms in Greek parliament . With her direct manner , she has won both friends and enemies among her fellow Greeks . In 1996 , with Greeks still wounded from losing out to Atlanta 1996 for the centenary of the modern Olympic Games , Angelopoulos was asked by the prime minister to lead the bid for Athens to be host city in 2004 . After a successful bid , Angelopoulos was initially excluded from organizing the Games themselves , but was called back in 2000 when progress was stalling and the International Olympic Committee was beginning to question whether Athens could deliver on time . Although questions continued to be asked about Greece 's readiness , Jacques Rogge , president of the International Olympic Committee , eventually described Athens 2004 as "  unforgettable , dream Games " . "  It 's a woman 's dream to achieve something unique and monumental for our country , and shows that women can do whatever they want , " says Angelopoulos . "  We can break the glass ceiling and show that there 's no such thing as mission impossible . "  I want this book to show about the effort and struggle that every woman and every young person can do to pursue his or her dream . " In preparation for the Olympic Games , Athens built numerous infrastructure projects , from a new airport and new tram line to renewed public spaces and state-of-the-art sports facilities . However , Angelopoulos says not enough was done to plan for the legacy , and many of the facilities went to waste . "  I 'm saddened to see that state-of-the-art facilities are abandoned , empty , closed , " she says . "  If people ask me about organizing a Games , I would say ` plan for the day after , not just for the Olympics ' . The excellent facilities can really make a difference for the day after . " She adds : "  I went to successive governments and I urged them to show me a plan for the day after . "  They just told me ` you do your job , we have everything in hand ' . They did nothing and lost the readiness of people to do things differently , to show the world a different Greece . " As well as the facilities lying empty , Angelopoulos says a return to the public spirit , which was evident during the Games , would help Greece through its current crisis . "  An Olympic Games is a unique opportunity to get citizens engaged with a noble cause , " she says . "  We had no tradition of volunteering in Greece , but we got 165,000 wanting to help . It was like an army , but it was lost . "  Through this tough time for Greece , people are selling their houses , selling their cars , taking their children out of university . Imagine if this volunteer spirit and way of helping people was still in place ? Things would be different . "  This kind of common spirit is needed in a country , not just in good times . " Since the Olympic Games , Angelopoulos has become active with the Clinton Global Foundation and Harvard 's John F. Kennedy School of Government , running a project which asks global leaders to share their experience with students . "  After my disappointment about how the politicians let down people I turned to the international stage and that 's why I participated in the Clinton Global Initiative , " she says . After her years out of the spotlight , Angelopoulos is embarking on a lecture tour in the United States , publicizing "  My Greek Drama " and sharing her dream that Greece can soon be a proud nation once more . "  Even if there 's a lot of drama in my book , I believe there 's a better chapter ahead . We can be the authors of our own story , " she says . "  My Greek Drama , " published by Greenleaf Book Group Press , is out now .	Gianna Angelopoulos led the bid for Athens 2004 , and returned to run the organizing committee She is the first female president of both an Olympic bid committee and an organizing committee She believes her experiences could hold answers for the Greek financial crisis Angelopoulos ' new book captures her experience of running the Games
London  CNN  -- In May , I experienced what 's known as a "  failure to deliver . " Then again last week , it was "  failure to deliver . " The first fail was a maddening experience with FedEx , the next a worse experience with Amazon . These occurred after I relocated to a flat , and discovered the pain of not having a front porch , plant pot or friendly neighbor . How do you apartment dwellers handle this ? Thankfully I bullied Fedex into a Saturday morning delivery at no charge , and Amazon reprinted the book I ordered and delivered to my office . But many companies ban personal deliveries -- and this is where what 's being called "  click and collect " comes in . Click and collect allows shoppers to pick up their shopping when and where it suits -- and Britons are leading the way . According to Planet Retail , 35 % of Britons who shop online click to buy , then have the goods delivered to a location that suits . Only 5 % of Germans and 13 % of Americans do the same . When consumers first started online shopping , the collecting was n't expected to be harder than the clicking . "  Even five years ago , the concept of ordering something online and then having to collect it at a store seemed ludicrous , " Natalie Berg of Planet Retail told me . "  It takes the whole concept of convenience out of online shopping . " But by 2017 , according to Berg , the number of Britons collecting after clicking will soar to 70 % . Companies including Argos , CollectPlus , MyHermes and The Post Office are capturing this trend , as are newcomers such as Doddle . In a joint venture with National Rail , Doddle is using the rail stations ' extra space as delivery shops , which will be open between 6:00 am and 9:00 pm seven days a week . This will allow millions of commuters to collect and -- maybe more importantly -- return products bought online . "  Most of the people who travel by rail , to big cities , are n't at home during the day , " Tim Robinson , CEO of Doddle told me . "  They have that ` sorry you were out ' card when they get home . There is a big opportunity to fill that gap . " Ebay will soon allow its online shops to deliver goods through the thousands of Argos outlets . The Post Office also plans to deliver to small independent stores , some of whom have joined the delivery networks CollectPlus or MyHermes . Doddle is touting a twist though . Robinson says 40 % of clothing bought online is returned . Many of the 300 Doddle stores planned around rail stations will have changing rooms . "  You do n't actually have to take the goods home . You can try it on here and send it straight back . " No more calling in sick , waiting for that new purchase to arrive .	"  Click and collect " is becoming an increasingly popular way to collect good bought online More than a third of Britons use click and collect , far more than their European peers Newcomer Doddle is now partnering with National Rail to provide shopping pick-up spots
San Francisco  Financial Times  -- Twitter has unveiled a new automated advertising technology that promises to unlock the moneymaking potential of the microblogging site . The development of a Twitter ads API , or "  application-programming interface " , satisfies a long-awaited desire of advertisers to increase and improve the reach of their marketing messages to Twitter 's 200m active users . A similar technology launched by Facebook in 2010 helped that social network reach more than $ 3bn in revenues the following year , with analysts estimating the system currently generates roughly 60 per cent of the company 's revenues . Twitter currently sprinkles paid tweets in a user 's timeline , amid posts from people and companies they have chosen to "  follow " . Twitter said users would not see more ads as a result of the new system , at least in the short term , but that pricing might increase for advertisers as its auctions to buy ads become more competitive . "  As interest in Twitter has grown , our focus has been on delivering better ads for users , not more ads , " said April Underwood , Twitter 's product manager for revenue , in a blog post . "  Our system rewards marketers for being good , not for being loud . " Ms Underwood told the FT that there was "  no direct impact on the user experience in the short term " , although Twitter users should see "  more relevant and better ads " as a result of the new system , because it would be simpler for advertisers to use the targeting capabilities which it introduced last year . Although she did not rule out a future increase in the inventory given over to ads , Ms Underwood said the company took users ' experience "  really seriously " . "  We take a slow and thoughtful approach , " she said . "  Our motto is to get it right rather than right now . " The new system will certainly increase ad revenue for the social media company , which is believed to be planning an initial public offering for early next year . Research firm eMarketer estimates Twitter revenues will grow nearly 90 per cent this year to $ 545.2 m , and reach more than $ 800m in ad revenues worldwide by 2014 . Before the new platform , advertisers had to manage their Twitter campaigns manually . The new system automates the process , streamlining the management process for advertisers and giving them more tools to "  deliver the right message , to the right audience , " on both desktop computers and on mobile devices . It also allows ad buyers to integrate Twitter campaigns with those on Facebook and LinkedIn , as well as search and display . Twitter said it began testing the new API last month . It launched it on Wednesday with five partners that oversee social media advertising purchases for large multinational companies , including Adobe , Hootsuite , Salesforce , SHIFT and TBG Digital . Twitter noted earlier this month that it took four minutes after the Super Bowl 's unexpected power outage for the first "  Promoted Tweet " to appear referencing the blackout . Using the API , Simon Mansell , chief executive of TBG Digital , said that could be reduced to as little as four seconds , through greater automation . "  This is an obvious and necessary piece of infrastructure that all companies with proprietary ads systems need , " said Josh McFarland , chief executive of TellApart , an ad-targeting company that uses Google and Facebook 's APIs . But Mr McFarland , who as a product manager at Google led the development of its AdWords API in 2003-05 , said that such platforms can be "  tricky " because they "  cede some control to third parties " , in return for helping Twitter "  significantly scale its active advertisers and campaigns " . "  Twitter 's willingness to build an ads API signals that they 've reached a size where they feel that the accretive value of third parties -- to monetisation at least -- outweighs the risks , " he said . Adobe did an early test of the platform with a few of its customers , including Levi Strauss , the clothing company , and its own Adobe account , in an effort to increase the number of people who "  follow " the brands on Twitter . By using granular targeting , segmenting the campaign by regions and testing different bid levels on pricing , the company increased its number of Twitter followers by 63 per cent . "  Our customers have been asking us to include Twitter " in Adobe 's media products , said David Karnstedt , senior vice-president of media and advertising solutions at Adobe . "  Promoted tweets and promoted accounts are important assets in creating a holistic digital marketing campaign . " © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Twitter unveils new automated advertising technology to unlock profit potential New "  API " , application-programming interface , was long desired by advertisers API aims to increase reach of Twitter marketing messages to 200m active users Twitter : ` Users will not see more ads -- at least in short term '
CNN  -- A proposed new " . africa " internet domain name will provide a stronger brand identity than current little known country domains , while preventing registration revenues flowing abroad , say backers . DotConnectAfrica , a non-profit organization registered in Mauritius , is one of the groups vying to establish and operate the dot africa name space for businesses and individuals across the continent . The opportunity has arisen since the Internet Corporation for Names and Numbers  ICANN  , the body which manages internet domain names , voted earlier this year to allow new varieties of top-level domains -- the suffix of an internet address . ICANN will be accepting applications for new generic top-level domains , or gTLDs , between January and April next year , with successful applications expected to be operational by 2013 . Two other groups -- the African Top-Level Domains Association and the African Registry Consortium -- have also expressed an interest in applying to operate " . africa " , while the African Union has said it plans to endorse a group to apply for the rights to operate the domain on its behalf . The African Union Commission also plans to apply to ICANN to operate the " . africa " domain , along with the French and Arabic alternatives " . afrique " and " . afriqia " . It is currently running an open tender process for technical organizations to operate the domains on its behalf , which will be included in the AUC 's application to ICANN . DotConnectAfrica executive director Sophia Bekele said that the suffixes for individual African countries -- country code top-level domains , or ccTLDs -- had generally proven unpopular during the decade or so of their existence . Research by her company suggested 80 % of African domain name registrants had opted for " . com " or " . org " suffixes instead , which were price competitive , reliable to register and had wide recognition . By contrast , the ccTLDs were little known , as they were "  usually owned by governments , and governments are typically not very good at marketing , " she said . Moctar Yedaly , head of information society for the African Union Commission , said the commission 's vision for the . africa domain went beyond the commercial . "  It may well be a very good business in terms of money generating . If it may generate some revenue we can use for the development of ICT in Africa , then that is all very good , but that 's not my primary goal , " he said . "  My primary goal is to ensure the identity of Africa , the image , the culture are well-maintained . " The . africa domain represented all Africans in the same way as the African Union flag , and its dignity needed to be protected . "  I would n't like to see ' . africa ' used for something pornographic , " he said . It should operate in the "  interests of the community " , rather than the interests of individuals in the private sector . "  This is for Africa , and Africa is 54 states . " Bekele said that in campaigning to build support for DotConnectAfrica 's proposal , the group had encountered a strong response from youth and from business for the notion of a pan-African online identity . More than 3,600 prospective registrants had expressed interest by "  pre-registering " with DotConnectAfrica . She said young developers involved in creating local content felt a stronger affinity with a potential " . africa " suffix than to " . com " domains , while it also appealed to corporates , who would be able to unify their presence across the continent under a single online brand . John Kariuki is the founder and CEO of AAR Credit Services , a Kenyan-based micro-finance company . The company also operates in Uganda and Tanzania , where it is looking to expand its operations , but currently uses a Kenyan "  co.ke " suffix . "  For companies looking to expand throughout Africa , it 's a good way of creating a brand identity , " he said of the potential domain . "  What really appeals to us is expressing that African identity . Sometimes you do n't really know where these companies are from . " Bekele said that if her group was successful in its application to establish and operate the domain , it would look offer domains at prices competitive to " . com " registrations -- $ 5 for students , or between $ 9 to $ 19 for small - to medium-enterprises . A major benefit of the " . africa " domain would be that proceeds from African domain registrations would remain on the continent , rather than flowing offshore . DotConnectAfrica says it plans to reinvest surpluses into developing the African internet sector . She said there was concern from governments that a " . africa " domain could jeopardize the existing ccTLDs . "  But I can assure you , if there is no ' . africa ' , I do n't think there will be any more uptake of the ccTLDs , " she said . However , not everyone is as optimistic about the potential impact of the new generic top-level domains . Ray Valdes , vice-president of web services for tech consultancy Gartner , said that because the new wave of gTLDs went "  against the grain of current consumer trends " , his company expected most of them to fall short of their goals . To be successful , the new gTLDs would require a change in consumer behavior , plus a change in how search engines index the internet . Users would have to type unfamiliar text strings into the address bar of the their browser , at a time when consumers were increasingly relying on search engines and social media to navigate the internet . He said that given the $ 185,000 price tag to apply for the new gTLDs , most organizations would be better served by investing in creating faster , more usable sites that are more easily indexed by search engines , and broadening the social media presence of their organization . However , he did expect a handful of regional-based gTLDs like " . africa " to be successful , depending on how well they were operated and how consumers responded . ICANN will not make a decision on control of the domain until after the application closes in April next year .	A number of groups are vying for the right to operate the " . africa " internet domain There is strong demand for a pan-African online identity , says one It says individual country suffixes , or ccTLDs , have proven unpopular in Africa
CNN  -- The U.S. Navy has started a force to battle pirates attacking ships in and near the Gulf of Aden off Somalia 's coast , the U.S. Fifth Fleet said Thursday . A U.S. Navy photo shows a ship held by pirates off the coast of Somalia in November . The unit -- called Combined Task Force 151 -- is a spinoff of an existing force in the region that addressed a range of security issues , such as drug smuggling and weapons trafficking , as well as piracy . The Gulf of Aden links the Indian Ocean and the Red Sea . About 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route each year near largely lawless Somalia . The United States is among at least 20 countries that are trying to combat piracy in the region , including Russia , India , Germany and Iran . In December , German sailors foiled an attempt by pirates to hijack an Egyptian cargo ship off the coast of Yemen , according to the German Defense Ministry , and the European Union launched its first naval operation to protect vessels . That came just days after China revealed its own plans to patrol the Horn of Africa 's volatile coastline . Task Force 151 will be devoted solely to counterpiracy efforts , said Lt. Stephanie Murdock , a Fifth Fleet spokeswoman . The United States anticipates other nations joining the force "  in the near future . " "  The problem of piracy is and continues to be a problem that begins ashore and is an international problem that requires an international solution , " Vice Adm. Bill Gortney , commander of the Combined Maritime Forces , said in a news release from the Fifth Fleet in Manama , Bahrain . "  We believe the establishment of CTF-151 is a significant step in the right direction . " The financial and human costs of piracy are extensive . Ships ranging from luxury yachts to a Saudi supertanker have been held for ransom . At least one major company pulled its ships from the Gulf of Aden region in 2008 , meaning cargo bound for Europe had to round the African continent rather than use the Suez Canal . Pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels and hijacked as many as 40 in the waters off the coast of Somalia in 2008 , according to the International Maritime Bureau . See how pirate attacks peaked in 2008 " "  The pirates are living between life and death , " a pirate leader , identified by only one name , Boyah , told the Somali news organization Garowe Online late last year . CNN obtained the complete interview . "  Who can stop them ? " Boyah said . "  Americans and British all put together can not do anything . " Boyah said that the piracy began because traditional coastal fishing became difficult after foreign fishing trawlers depleted local fish stocks . Traditional fishermen started attacking the trawlers until the trawler crews fought back with heavy weapons . The fishermen then turned to softer targets . "  We went into the deep ocean and hijacked the unarmed cargo ships , " Boyah said . "  For the past three years , we have not operated near the Somali coast . We have operated at least 80 miles -LSB- out -RSB- , in international waters . " British journalist Colin Freeman and Spanish photojournalist Jose Cendon , both working for London 's Daily Telegraph newspaper , were released Sunday after being held by pirates who abducted them November 26 in the Somali city of Bosasso . Two Somali journalists , who have not been heard from , were also taken , according to the New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists . Task Force 151 is an outgrowth of Combined Task Force-150 , which was created to conduct security operations at the beginning of Operation Enduring Freedom -- the U.S. effort in Afghanistan . The task forces are part of the Combined Maritime Forces , which includes naval ships and other assets from more than 20 nations . "  Some navies in our coalition did not have the authority to conduct counter-piracy missions , " Gortney said . "  The establishment of CTF-151 will allow those nations to operate under the auspices of CTF-150 , while allowing other nations to join CTF-151 to support our goal of deterring , disrupting and eventually bringing to justice the maritime criminals involved in piracy events . " Michael Howlett , divisional director of the International Maritime Bureau , said attacks have n't stopped , but they have not been as successful recently . He cited the presence of navies in the gulf and the fact that merchant mariners are taking more appropriate measures to avert hijackings as reasons for the decline . He welcomed the establishment of the task force . "  We strongly believe the navies are the only effective response against piracy , " he said , adding that the navies in the region "  are doing a great job . " The U.S. Navy praised merchant mariners ' measures against pirate attacks , such as raising ladders , posting lookouts , speeding up , taking evasive maneuvers and using fire hoses . "  The most effective measures we 've seen to defeat piracy are non-kinetic and defensive in nature , " Gortney said . "  The merchant ships have been doing a great job stepping up and utilizing these methods to defeat piracy attempts . "	U.S. Fifth Fleet hoping other nations will join anti-piracy force Combined Task Force 151 will focus solely on combating piracy Pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels off coast of Somalia in 2008 International Maritime Bureau welcomes establishment of task force
New Age guru James Arthur Ray is out of prison , but the families of three acolytes who died in a sweat lodge ceremony vow to keep on eye on him if he tries to rebuild his self-help empire . Ray left an Arizona prison Friday after serving 20 months for the negligent homicides of three followers who sought spiritual breakthroughs but died of overheating in a sweat lodge near Sedona in October 2009 . Ray was driven Friday afternoon from a minimum-security prison in Buckeye , said Arizona corrections spokesman Bill Lamoreaux . He did not stop to talk with the media and others at the prison gate , Lamoreaux added . Neither Ray nor his representatives could be reached for comment , but he will remain in Arizona for the next 90 days , Lamoreaux said . The 55-year-old son of an Oklahoma preacher , Ray built a multimillion-dollar business as a best-selling author and motivational coach . His book , "  Harmonic Wealth : The Secret of Attracting the Life You Want , " made him a New Age star . He was was riding high as he planned his October 2009 Spiritual Warrior weekend at the 70-acre Angel Valley retreat outside Sedona . According to testimony at his trial , acolytes who flocked to Angel Valley 's red rock foothills were willing to shave their heads , meditate in the desert for 36 hours without food and water and then symbolically die and be reborn in the sweat lodge ritual . Fifty-five people followed Ray into the sweat lodge ; three died from overheating and 19 others were hospitalized after they collapsed , vomited , had trouble breathing , hallucinated , foamed at the mouth or fell unconscious . Ray was convicted of negligently causing the deaths of Kirby Brown , 38 , of Westtown , New York ; Lizbeth Neuman , 49 , of Prior Lake , Minnesota ; and James Shore , 40 , of Milwaukee . Ray was found negligent , but acquitted of manslaughter charges that could have sent him to prison for 30 years . Relatives of Brown , Neuman and Shore vow to keep an eye on Ray should he attempt to rebuild the self-help empire that included best-selling books , motivational seminars , speaking engagements and $ 10,000-a-head weekend retreats . They planned to confront Ray as he left prison and ask him to sign a "  promise " to adhere to certain ethical practices . It was not immediately known whether they were able to do so or whether he signed . The promise also was sent this week to 160 other self-help practitioners -- including well-known personalities such as Deepak Chopra , Ram Dass , Tony Robbins , Suze Orman , Oprah Winfrey and Dr. Phil McGraw . The promise was issued by a new foundation founded in the memory Brown , an avid skier , surfer and free spirit who had a large circle of friends . Her parents , George and Ginny Brown , attended Ray 's trial and founded SEEKsafely , an organization that educates consumers about the unregulated self-help industry . Members of Neuman 's and Shore 's families also are active in the organization , the Browns said . Ray 's sweat lodge exercise was based on a Native American purification ritual "  as old as time itself , " as Ray told participants in a recorded pep talk before the ceremony . Built of willow sticks and tarps , the lodge was 5 feet high and 23 feet across , with a pit in the middle . It was pitch-black inside , and people huddled together shoulder to shoulder . Stones heated to an orange glow -- one for each participant , 55 in all -- were added to the pit at each 15-minute round . Ray said the stones were symbolic of earthly ancestors and called them "  grandfathers . " Participants believed the ritual would lead them to powerful spiritual breakthroughs . But things started going wrong after a couple of hours . According to participants who testified during the trial , Ray ignored pleas for help , turning up the heat even as participants keeled over and were dragged from the tent . Neuman quietly hunkered down until she slipped into unconsciousness , according to testimony . Brown drew her knees to her chest and rocked back and forth , chanting , "  We can do it . " Shore carried one sickened woman out before collapsing next to Brown . Ray acknowledged at his sentencing that he was responsible for the deaths , but offered no excuses for his lack of action as the chaos unfolded . He and his attorneys maintained that he was n't aware people were dying or in distress , or he would have stopped the ceremony . His defense centered on the possibility that toxins in the tarps contributed to the deaths . The Browns took the occasion of Ray 's release from prison to draw attention to their organization , holding a news conference in Manhattan . But their focus really is n't on Ray . They want to honor their daughter 's memory by informing others . "  I really do n't want to spend much time watching him , " Ginny Brown said over the telephone . "  But I feel angry that people knew he was dangerous and it was n't public information . " She feels her daughter died needlessly , and that 20 months behind bars was n't enough to bring about a change of heart from a man who , according to testimony at his trial , walked out of the sweat lodge where people were suffering and dying , went to his room and took a shower .	New Age guru James Arthur Ray leaves Arizona prison early He was convicted of negligent homicide in sweat lodge deaths in 2009 Ray ordered more hot rocks even after people collapsed Families of three victims seek standards for self help industry
CNN  -- Aisha Tyler is not your typical comedian . The 42-year-old is a 6 foot tall woman who snowboards , camps , raps about her lack of a rear end , and ca n't dance . "  I will never be the lead in Step it Up 17 : Old lady gets to Krumpin ' , " she writes in her new book . "  I have made my peace with this . " While she might lack rhythm , the Dartmouth grad speaks fluent French , with some functionality in Russian and Swahili . Tyler was the first black recurring character on Friends , has filled in for the late movie critic Roger Ebert and taken on gamers who questioned her nerd status . A few funny things happened on the way to the native San Franciscan finding success as Lana Kane in the edgy animated FX series "  Archer , " and hosting "  The Talk " , and the CW 's "  Who 's Line is It Anyway ? " . She  regrettably  wore two-toned hair and a see-through dress on the red carpet , survived throwing up on a guy during their first date , and bombed countless times on stage . In "  Self-Inflicted Wounds , " her second book , Tyler argues that the path to success is paved with epic failures . And she 's not afraid to share her own hard-luck stories for a laugh or to show that fear of striking out should never keep you from swinging for the fences . CNN recently caught up with the host of the podcast "  Girl on Guy , " which inspired the book , out now . The edited conversation is below . CNN : How did an Ivy League grad , with a degree in political science and environmental studies , become interested in comedy ? Tyler : Well , I think I was always interested in comedy . I was always a very , kind of , fiction-obsessed kid , and a big reader , and just loved make-believe . And then in high school I started to do improv , and sketch comedy , and did that all the way through college . I was always interested in performing ... I just came from a really academically driven family . I was really focused on school , so it just never seemed like a real job to me . And so after I got my degree in government and environmental studies , I thought , "  Well , now I have a degree and I can take a risk and see if it will pay off because I can always go back to a traditional job . " CNN : Throughout the book , you share stories of your self-inflicted wounds . In some way it is an anti-self-help book , showing how failure can help in your success . Why write about the failures ? Tyler : I always tell people that success is not the absence of failure , success is persistence through failure . So it does show how failure can help . I mean I think there are a lot of people who are crippled by a failure . Crippled by something that goes wrong in their lives . And we 're crippled by a fear of failure . And the people who say , who say , you know "  I do n't want to try this . I would like to be a comedian , but I 'm afraid I 'm going to fail . I want to write a book , but I 'm afraid I 'm going to fail . " And well I say , "  You are . You are going to fail . There 's no doubt about it that something 's going to go terribly wrong . " An indivisible aspect of being alive , of being human , of being on this planet , and if you 're not failing , you 're not innovating . If you 're not failing , you 're not risking . So go for it , and then use the failure as a fuel , use it as a way to become mentally tough because it 's absolutely unavoidable . CNN : What is it that you want people to most understand about you ? Tyler : That I 'm not trying to live up to anybody else 's expectations of who I am . I 'm going to , not that I 'm striving consciously to be an iconoclast , but I 'm definitely also not striving to meet some set parameters either as an actress , or a comedian , or an artist , or anything . I 'm just trying to do what I find compelling . CNN : What would you tell your younger self about who you are now ? Tyler : I would probably tell my younger self , "  Do n't worry about it . You 're always going to be a weirdo , and at some point that 's going to be OK . That 's eventually going to be your calling card , or your badge of courage , that you 're going to be a weird kid . " I mean even now , when I stand on stage , earlier in my career anyway , when people did n't know I did stand-up , I would get up on stage and I would be a 6-foot-tall black woman , people had very specific expectations about what was going to come out of my mouth . And I 've never ever been able to satisfy those expectations , and I realized very early on that I was n't going to change who I was to fulfill a set of expectations that people had about me . And I just plowed ahead until my audience found me . So I never stopped being a weird kid . Just that I found weird people who liked what I did . CNN : How has being different shaped your journey ? Tyler : I hated when I was a kid being told that , "  Black people do n't do that . " And the white kids at school did n't accept me because I was black , and the black kids in my neighborhood did n't accept me because they thought I thought I was white . So that was fine . I was in a no-man 's land . And that meant I just got to do what I thought was interesting . And that 's just who I 've been since then . And it 's guided all of my decisions , which is I have never stopped to think , "  Oh , you know , does this fit ? " I just do what I want to do . CNN : What do you believe in ? Tyler : I believe in hard work . I think that everything flows out of that . It does n't mean that you 're going to be successful , or traditionally successful because sometimes the world is just unfair , and untalented people get promoted and talented people get left behind , but if you are doing something that you love and you put a lot of hard work into it , you will be rewarded , and that 's been the thing I 've hewn to for my entire adult life . CNN : Anything else ? Tyler : You ca n't control where you were born , the family you were born into , what you look like , you ca n't control any of those circumstances , the only thing you can control is how you react . So for my entire life that 's been the rule that has governed my decisions . I ca n't control what 's fair and unfair , I ca n't control the nature of the business , or the nature of society , or the nature of the world , but what I can control is how I choose to see the world and what I choose to put back into it .	Comedian Aisha Tyler jokes about her biggest embarrassments in her new book The book , "  Self-Inflicted Wounds , " was inspired by Tyler 's podcast , "  Girl on Guy " Tyler has blazed her path by bucking stereotypes and powering through tough times
CNN  -- Skype released a new version of the telephony application for iPhone , which adds video-chat features that go beyond what Apple offers . With the Skype app released on Wednesday , owners of the iPhone 4 and the older 3GS model can make video calls over AT&T 's 3G network . Since the 3GS only has a camera on the back , using it for video conversations is less than ideal . Apple 's own FaceTime video-chat feature , which comes with the iPhone 4 and new iPod Touch gadgets , can not make calls over AT&T 's network , only on Wi-Fi . Apple said carriers requested time to upgrade their networks to handle the traffic load of video calling . Mobile FaceTime users can call Mac computers that have Apple 's beta program installed , which is available on Apple 's website . Skype app users can call both Mac and Windows computers that have the Skype software installed . In addition to 3G video and voice calling , the Skype app can also call over a Wi-Fi connection . The iPad and previous iPod Touch model can receive video calls but can not transmit video because they do n't have cameras . CNN tested the iPhone app on Wednesday night , after it appeared on the App Store . Video quality is n't as sharp compared to FaceTime , but like FaceTime , the app recognizes when it 's held in portrait or landscape mode . Speculation about Skype adding video features had begun to spread this week , with some reports suggesting the feature would be the focus of the company 's press conference at the Consumer Electronics Show next week . Skype 's Android app does n't yet support video calling , but other app developers have found workarounds . The Skype servers suffered a lengthy outage a week ago , which the company blamed on buggy software . Skype has been briefing news reporters on the iPhone app announcement , which it is scheduled to make at 2 a.m. ET Thursday .	Skype adds video-chat feature to its Apple iOS app iPhone 4 and 3GS users can call over AT&T 's 3G network Users on the iPad or older iPod Touch can receive video calls
ESSENCE.com  -- While the country celebrates the first black president , African-Americans are facing critical challenges from high unemployment , home foreclosures and a record number of black men in prison . Marc Morial is president and CEO of the National Urban League . Despite these disparities and the fact that African-Americans have been hit hardest by the current economic meltdown , a recent New York Times/CBS News poll found that 59 percent of African-Americans believe the country has made real progress in race relations , a 30 percent jump from last year . The National Urban League , in its report "  The State of Black America 2009 , " acknowledges the feeling of hope the Obama administration brings , but demands the president examine the sobering issues facing African-Americans . ESSENCE.com asked president and CEO of the Urban League Marc H. Morial whether or not the sentiments reflected in the poll mirror the national Black perspective . ESSENCE : With all of these factors that are challenging the African-American community today , do you really believe most of us feel like race relations between blacks and whites have improved ? See how a few Americans feel about race relations " Marc H. Morial : I know that a poll is a snapshot of time , and while it 's important to keep the proper context , this is a positive thing . Yes , people are beginning to have a healthier view of race relations . But we must keep in mind the underlying conditions that people are currently living in . There are still very significant disparities between blacks and whites in America . The unemployment rate in the current recession is but one example . ESSENCE : Do you believe the election of the first African-American president had anything to do with the change in black attitude toward the future of the U.S. ? Morial : This is clearly a visible example of the effect of President Obama 's election . It has created hope , optimism and a better way of thinking about the issue of race . I just hope that it 's sustainable . If it 's sustainable , it means we can work towards addressing and alleviating some of those underlying conditions . We should hope that it maintains and translates into positive action to try to close some of the difficult challenges like the economic gap and the housing problem . ESSENCE : Does it surprise you that white people had an equally positive outlook on race relations ? Morial : Not in light of Obama . He got more white votes than Kerry or Gore . He also got a higher black turnout than at any other time in American history . So he has demonstrated this unique important ability at the national level to appeal to a broad cross-section of people . People place a considerable amount of trust and optimism in his leadership . Watch an Essence editor talk about her interview with Michelle Obama " ESSENCE : How have organizations like the National Urban League reinforced this new attitude about race ? Morial : I really believe a great deal has to do with President Obama . To have that kind of effect and impact means that people are willing to move forward and they believe and hope that things are getting better . Our mission at the National Urban League is to help children and adults , young and old , achieve economic parity , through programs and public policy . Those that have worked in the trenches for many years to improve relations and conditions deserve some credit , but the issue for us is about sustainability and transferability . Have race relations improved ? Watch to find out " We want to see this epidemic of high school dropouts improve . We want to see this disparity that exists in economics reduced . These issues are so critical and important . My hope is that this new change in attitude will ultimately lead to that .	African-Americans still face critical challenges such as high unemployment Majority of blacks believe U.S. has made progress in race relations National Urban League CEO talks about "  The State of Black America 2009 " CEO : Obama "  has created hope , optimism and a better way of thinking "
CNN  -- Terrorism causes fear , and we overreact to that fear . Our brains are n't very good at probability and risk analysis . We tend to exaggerate spectacular , strange and rare events , and downplay ordinary , familiar and common ones . We think rare risks are more common than they are , and we fear them more than probability indicates we should . Our leaders are just as prone to this overreaction as we are . But aside from basic psychology , there are other reasons that it 's smart politics to exaggerate terrorist threats , and security threats in general . The first is that we respond to a strong leader . Bill Clinton famously said : "  When people feel uncertain , they 'd rather have somebody that 's strong and wrong than somebody who 's weak and right . " He 's right . The second is that doing something -- anything -- is good politics . A politician wants to be seen as taking charge , demanding answers , fixing things . It just does n't look as good to sit back and claim that there 's nothing to do . The logic is along the lines of : "  Something must be done . This is something . Therefore , we must do it . " The third is that the "  fear preacher " wins , regardless of the outcome . Imagine two politicians today . One of them preaches fear and draconian security measures . The other is someone like me , who tells people that terrorism is a negligible risk , that risk is part of life , and that while some security is necessary , we should mostly just refuse to be terrorized and get on with our lives . Fast-forward 10 years . If I 'm right and there have been no more terrorist attacks , the fear preacher takes credit for keeping us safe . But if a terrorist attack has occurred , my government career is over . Even if the incidence of terrorism is as ridiculously low as it is today , there 's no benefit for a politician to take my side of that gamble . The fourth and final reason is money . Every new security technology , from surveillance cameras to high-tech fusion centers to airport full-body scanners , has a for-profit corporation lobbying for its purchase and use . Given the three other reasons above , it 's easy -- and probably profitable -- for a politician to make them happy and say yes . For any given politician , the implications of these four reasons are straightforward . Overestimating the threat is better than underestimating it . Doing something about the threat is better than doing nothing . Doing something that is explicitly reactive is better than being proactive .  If you 're proactive and you 're wrong , you 've wasted money . If you 're proactive and you 're right but no longer in power , whoever is in power is going to get the credit for what you did .  Visible is better than invisible . Creating something new is better than fixing something old . Those last two maxims are why it 's better for a politician to fund a terrorist fusion center than to pay for more Arabic translators for the National Security Agency . No one 's going to see the additional appropriation in the NSA 's secret budget . On the other hand , a high-tech computerized fusion center is going to make front page news , even if it does n't actually do anything useful . This leads to another phenomenon about security and government . Once a security system is in place , it can be very hard to dislodge it . Imagine a politician who objects to some aspect of airport security : the liquid ban , the shoe removal , something . If he pushes to relax security , he gets the blame if something bad happens as a result . No one wants to roll back a police power and have the lack of that power cause a well-publicized death , even if it 's a one-in-a-billion fluke . We 're seeing this force at work in the bloated terrorist no-fly and watch lists ; agents have lots of incentive to put someone on the list , but absolutely no incentive to take anyone off . We 're also seeing this in the Transportation Security Administration 's attempt to reverse the ban on small blades on airplanes . Twice it tried to make the change , and twice fearful politicians prevented it from going through with it . Lots of unneeded and ineffective security measures are perpetrated by a government bureaucracy that is primarily concerned about the security of its members ' careers . They know the voters are more likely to punish them more if they fail to secure against a repetition of the last attack , and less if they fail to anticipate the next one . What can we do ? Well , the first step toward solving a problem is recognizing that you have one . These are not iron-clad rules ; they 're tendencies . If we can keep these tendencies and their causes in mind , we 're more likely to end up with sensible security measures that are commensurate with the threat , instead of a lot of security theater and draconian police powers that are not . Our leaders ' job is to resist these tendencies . Our job is to support politicians who do resist . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier .	Bruce Schneier : It 's smart politics to exaggerate terrorist threats and security threats Schneier : A politician wants to be seen as taking charge and demanding answers He says once a security system is in place , it can be very hard to dislodge it Schneier : Many unneeded security measures are pushed by government bureaucracy
CNN  -- Is baseball hothead David Price right ? Are the millions of us who never pitched beyond Little League just a bunch of starstruck wannabes ? During the American League Divisional Series , the Tampa Bay Rays star lashed out at the media after giving up seven earned runs in seven innings . "  Nice questions , nerds ! " he hissed at reporters . Then Price got mean . On Twitter , he called Sports Illustrated scribe Tom Verducci a nerd who "  was n't even a water boy in high school . " He stopped there , passing up the temptation to mock Verducci 's prom date or how much he can bench press . Price 's snotty attitude exists for one reason . Many of my fellow baseball nuts DO think players are cooler than the rest of us . The fact is , no matter how successful we may be in our professional lives , many of us would instantly trade in our careers for a  your team here  uniform . As my beloved Red Sox battle the Cardinals in the World Series this week , spotting my favorite players outside their natural habitat remains a thrill for me , even though I am old enough to be rookie Xander Bogaerts ' dad . Still , I 'll appear stoic and resist the urge to ask for a picture or autograph . My inner child is disappointed but my dignity is intact . During a recent business trip to Tampa , my celebrity-seeking was put to the ultimate test . I was staying at the same hotel as the visiting Red Sox ; my hunt began the moment I stepped off the plane : Day One . 1:45 p.m. Tampa International Airport -- My friend and I are wearing Sox shirts , prompting our shuttle driver to mention he just took "  a bunch of players with beards " on a deep sea fishing trip . One of the beards , he says , used to play for the Rays , and he "  could n't stand up straight " when it was time to pick them up . Jonny Gomes ! I am sitting on the same sweaty seat as Jonny Gomes , the Sox party animal who pulls off the Army helmet look much better than Mike Dukakis . This is the guy who celebrates victory by punting beer cans to the crowd . Day One . 2:30 p.m. Vinoy Renaissance Hotel -- We check in at the front desk and again our Sox shirts spark conversation . The clerk giddily tells us she once worked at an ice cream stand where she 'd scooped for ex-Sox outfielder Josh Reddick . I am intrigued , explaining that Reddick is now a 30-home run guy whom the Sox never should have traded to the A 's . A few minutes later , as we 're walking past a seafood restaurant , an off-duty waitress rushes up to us . "  You 'll NEVER guess who I just saw ! " she gushes . It was slugger David Ortiz -- not surprisingly , a fabulous tipper . He was my first guess because he is a larger-than-life caricature who ca n't hide behind sunglasses . I had been in Florida for only an hour and already three strangers felt compelled to share their Sox sightings with anyone pretending to care . I do care . I care about Reddick 's favorite ice cream flavor and whether Big Papi ordered the swordfish or sea bass . And now I want some sightings of my own . Being able to identify players in their civilian clothes , without the help of baseball cards , is an intoxicating game . So far , all I 've got is footprints . My hotel is the red carpet for Sox sightings , but also a forbidden zone . No Autographs/No Photography signs are posted everywhere to "  protect the safety and privacy of all our resort guests . " Night One . 11:30 p.m. Hotel Lobby -- I spot a diminutive bearded guy briskly walking toward me . It 's second baseman Dustin Pedroia , the 2008 AL MVP . "  Hey , good game tonight ! " I say . Dustin is wearing headphones and could have pretended to be absorbed by the music . But he turns back , stares at me with the same intensity he reserves for Justin Verlander , and says "  Thanks . " It was "  thanks " with a period , not an exclamation point . But it was a long day and he certainly did n't lack any enthusiasm on the field . And then , just like in "  Field of Dreams , " he vanishes . There 's an inherent awkwardness in fan-player meetings for both parties . We feel like we "  know " them and briefly suspend the reality that we 're strangers . Only Ortiz and Pedroia do n't have posters of us on their bedroom walls . If the opportunity existed for them to sit on the couch and watch a live video of us at work , they 'd be bored . The goal is to avoid becoming comedian Chris Farley 's obsessed fanboy character from "  Saturday Night Live . " Farley meeting Paul McCartney : Farley : You remember when you were with the Beatles ? McCartney : Yes .  Awkward Pause Farley : That was awesome ! Day Two . 2 p.m. Hotel Lobby -- Near the front desk 's complimentary jellybean bar , I see the greatest Red Sox pitcher of all time , the retired Pedro Martinez , blankly staring in my direction . I give him a friendly nod , the kind guys silently exchange in the halls at work or at the gym . He does n't pick up on the signal , so I do n't bother to tell him that the jellybeans are free . Free ! Then , just like a regular person , Pedro checks into his room . I never saw Pedro again . Rest assured , I do n't need any self-esteem counseling about my failure to make the Major Leagues . I buy into the "  Field of Dreams " Moonlight Graham message that there are far more important things in life than baseball . But as I watch the World Series , forgive me if I temporarily transform into a Chris Farley fanboy . And if I 'm lucky enough to score tickets , I know exactly what to yell to Dustin Pedroia during batting practice : "  Hey Dusty , remember when we met late at night in that hotel lobby and I said , ` Great game ! ' and you said ` thanks ' ? That was awesome ! " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Darren Garnick .	Pitcher David Price mocked reporters as " ` nerds . " Darren Garnick says : guilty as charged Like many reporters , he 's a fanboy , and spent a recent Tampa trip spotting ball players A ride in cab where Jonny Gomes had sat , a Dustin Pedroia sighting were thrilling , he says Garnick : The trick is not to become Chris Farley-like fanboy . With Series starting it 's not easy
CNN  -- The mega-wealthy Mitt Romney foolishly said the issue of income inequality should be discussed "  in quiet rooms . " He was wrong about that -- and it would be wrong to discuss press freedom and national security in an off-the-record setting . It 's kind of awkward to have a secret conversation about greater transparency . To their credit , media outlets like CNN , the New York Times , Fox News , The Associated Press and CBS have all refused to participate in such an off-the-record session . There is a better way : bring the conversation out into the public square . Attorney General Eric Holder , a principled , decent public servant , needs to listen to his better angels and hold a very public discussion about the issues that led his Justice Department to obtain the phone records of as many as 100 Associated Press journalists and name a Fox News reporter as a "  co-conspirator " in a leaks case . As a former government official , I want my government to keep some things secret . Now , as a member of the media , I also want sunlight to disinfect as much as possible . Leaks truly can cost lives , and no member of the media should sugarcoat that reality or shirk their responsibility to public safety . And yet secretly pawing through phone records , targeting journalists , these actions are inconsistent with a truly free press . It is a balancing act , to be sure . But based on the reports we have seen , Holder 's Justice Department has lost all balance . This continues a troubling trend . The Bush administration was no great friend of the free press -- and the media shamefully marched in near-lockstep to the deeply dishonest Bush-Cheney drumbeat for war in Iraq . Because our government deceived and our media  with some notable exceptions  did n't dig out the truth , America made what national security journalist and author Thomas Ricks has called "  the biggest mistake in the history of American foreign policy . " I wish there had been more leaks in the run-up to the Iraq War . And yet there have been times when I have seen what looks like operational details of counterterrorism efforts in the media and thought , "  Why did n't they keep that secret ? Now al Qaeda knows what we 're doing . " So how do we balance the right to publish against the responsibility to protect the nation ? How do we walk the line between freedom and security ? It is a question as old as the republic . And it is one that needs to be debated robustly -- and publicly . Holder should bring the whole debate out into the public square -- and the more public , the better . He should ask a high-powered group of leading public citizens to examine the issue fully and , if need be , loudly . Veteran journalists like NBC 's Tom Brokaw and CNN 's Bernard Shaw have covered war and peace for decades . Current practitioners like CBS 's Mary Walsh , who covers the Pentagon expertly , and the Washington Post 's Walter Pincus , who has deep sources in intelligence , might be asked . National security veterans like Leon Panetta , Bob Gates , Bob Kerrey and former CIA head Mike Hayden could give powerful voice to the very real threats posed by leaks . Former military officers like retired Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks have seen the intersection of intelligence and war-fighting , and I 'd sure like to know the perspective of retired Gen. Stan McChrystal , whose military career was done in by incendiary comments by his staff to the press . Marquee names not only bring experience , they bring attention . Academics like Harvard 's Tom Patterson  the Benjamin Bradlee Professor of Government and the Press ; how perfect is that ?  and NYU 's Jay Rosen could perhaps contribute a less self-interested perspective than either the journos or the government officials . It 's probably a mistake to name names , and I 'm sure others can come up with a first-class lineup . But blue-ribbon panels sometimes get a bum rap . Far better to have this conversation , which goes to the heart of our democracy , in the open , on the record in full view of we , the people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .	Eric Holder under fire for Justice Department inquiry of media phone records Paul Begala says Holder 's off-the-record meeting with media was a bad idea He says we need a very public discussion of balancing public access vs. security Begala : We would have been better off with more leaks in advance of Iraq War
CNN  -- The intentional breach of a levee on the Mississippi River is sending 396,000 cubic feet per second of water onto 200 square miles of fertile Missouri farmland . The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers said the operation is helping to ease unprecedented flood pressure on other areas . While the plan appeared to be working -- the level of the Ohio River fell where it joins the Mississippi -- record crests and relentless pressure from millions of gallons of water still threatened communities throughout the Mississippi and Ohio river valleys . Vicksburg , Mississippi , could see water levels rise 4 feet by Sunday . Residents in Caruthersville , Missouri , were told sandbags may not be enough to control the water . Corina Jolley , of Sikeston , Missouri , told CNN she grew up in Dorena , Missouri , which she said was being inundated by the breach on the Mississippi River . A tombstone rests above the remains of her father and uncle , but "  I 'm sure we 'll never see it again , " said Jolley , who claims residents of the rich farmland will be out of luck , as opposed to those in Cairo , Illinois , for whom the risk has been lessened by the breaches . "  Whoever thought it would be this bad ? " she said . The Corps reported river levels had fallen more than a foot since engineers detonated explosives late Monday night at Birds Point , Missouri , briefly illuminating the night sky like lightning and sending water coursing across a floodway that Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon described as "  literally the most productive part of our continent . " The Ohio River level had dropped about 1.7 feet at Cairo since Monday afternoon , before the blast , but that is expected to level off Wednesday and hover close to 60 feet the rest of the week . Other sections showed modest decreases or no changes Tuesday . Paducah , Kentucky , on the Ohio River , is expected to see levels go from 54.7 feet Tuesday night to 55.3 on Sunday . A second levee blast was conducted Tuesday afternoon at New Madrid , Missouri , and a third is planned Wednesday near Hickman , Kentucky . The second and third blasts , downstream of Birds Point , will allow floodwater to return to the Mississippi River . After the first blast late Monday , the National Weather Service lowered its crest projection for the Ohio River at Smithland , Kentucky -- upriver from the levee breach -- to 55 feet from the previous 58-foot prediction . But even that forecast is more than 3 1/2 feet higher than the record set at that location in 1997 , according to weather service records . Flood stage there is 40 feet . The town of Cairo remained under a mandatory evacuation despite the intentional breach , while six other communities were under voluntary evacuation notices , said Patti Thompson , spokeswoman for the Illinois Emergency Management Agency . "  We 're definitely not out of the woods yet , " she said . "  The levees are all very saturated right now and they 're going to continue to have a lot of pressure on them for several days . " Commercial shipping was affected by the levee blasting and subsequent debris removal . The segment at the confluence of the Mississippi and Ohio rivers , near Cairo , opened late Tuesday afternoon , said U.S. Coast Guard Cmdr. Claudia Gelzer . Two other Mississippi River sections along the Missouri-Kentucky border will reopen Wednesday or later , she said . Gelzer did not know how many vessels were affected , but said companies had prepared for the closings . The National Weather Service continues to predict record or near-record flooding in parts of southern Illinois , southwest Indiana , western Kentucky and Tennessee , southeastern Missouri , northeastern Arkansas and , later , parts of Mississippi and Louisiana . Maj. Gen. Michael Walsh , commander of the Corps ' Mississippi River Valley Division , made the decision to order the breach . He warned that without punching a hole in the levee , massive flooding would threaten to inundate communities throughout the Mississippi and Ohio river valleys . "  There 's a tremendous amount of pressure on the system , " he told reporters Tuesday evening . "  The project operated as designed . " It was a controversial decision . Missouri officials took the Corps to court over the plan , questioning the agency 's authority to intentionally breach the levee . The state argued the floodwater would deposit silt on the 130,000-some acres , and years , along with millions of dollars , would be required to fix the damage . The U.S. Supreme Court declined to intervene in the case on Sunday , clearing the way for Walsh 's decision Monday to blow the levee . Some Missouri residents were angered , arguing the decision would destroy their communities and provide questionable benefit . But others felt the decision was for the best . "  Yeah , we lost 135,000 acres of farm land here in Missouri , " said Sikeston , Missouri , resident Patricia Mobely , who recently fled the drought and firestorms of Texas for what she thought would be a more peaceful life in the Midwest . "  But how much more would we have lost if we had n't done it ? " The river diversion and other flooding has had an impact on pets and livestock . Thirty-one animals rescued from flood waters in southeastern Missouri are heading to St. Louis , including 24 domestic rabbits found abandoned inside a cotton gin trailer , according to CNN affiliate KSDK . Walsh said the fate of Cairo was just one of many factors in his decision , saying he hoped the move would alleviate problems throughout the Mississippi River system . Water levels and flooding have hit record highs in many spots , putting severe strains on systems meant to prevent uncontrolled floods and the resulting loss of life and property . He called the decision to inundate the farmland and about 100 homes "  heart-wrenching . " "  I 've been involved with flooding for 10 years and it takes a long time to recover from something like this , " he said . The governors of Illinois and Missouri said authorities in both states were prepared for the blasts and subsequent flooding , according to prepared statements . "  I urge Missourians to continue to cooperate fully with state , county and local law enforcement , as they have at every stage of this process , " Nixon said . "  Together , we will ensure that Missouri families stay safe in the coming days . And together , we will recover and rebuild . " A statement released by Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn 's office called the decision to breach the levee "  an important step to ensure public safety as we respond to this crisis . " Even as the river was falling , Walsh did not rule out similar moves elsewhere along the Mississippi and its tributaries , saying the levee system is under unprecedented pressure and warning water levels could rise again . "  This does n't end this historic flood , " he said . Evacuation notices have been posted in Indiana , Kentucky and Tennessee , where rising tributaries have threatened dozens of communities . Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear visited three counties to assess response efforts . Nearly 4,000 residents in the cities of Smithland , Hickman and Ledbetter have been evacuated , according to a statement from his office . Counties in central and northeast Arkansas were affected , including areas along the Black and White rivers , said spokesman Tommy Jackson of the Arkansas Department of Emergency Management . The mayor of Dyersburg , Tennessee , urged residents of parts of his community to evacuate ahead of significant flooding there forecast for Wednesday night , and residents and officials in Paducah , Kentucky , were closely watching a levee holding back the Ohio River that has showed signs of failing . "  We are in uncharted water , " Paducah Mayor Bill Paxton said . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Animals rescued in southeast Missouri Operations seems to be working thus far , Corps says Levees are breached at Birds Point and New Madrid , Missouri Record or near-record flooding is still forecast in at least eight states
DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania  CNN  -- President Bush gave Tanzania 's president , who played basketball as a youth , a pair of Shaquille O'Neal 's shoes Sunday , along with millions of dollars to help combat disease and poverty in the east African country . President Jakaya Kikwete , next to President Bush , looks on as Bush greets a boy at a Tanzanian hospital Sunday . The gift of the American basketball icon 's size-23 hightops spoke to the lighter side of Bush 's visit . President Jakaya Kikwete presented gifts , too -- a stuffed leopard and lion , a Zebra skin and a wood carving for the American president who was enthusiastically welcomed on the second stop of his five-nation African tour . The Tanzanian president later artfully dodged a reporter 's question on the potential that the U.S. might elect a black president , Sen. Barack Obama , whose father is Kenyan . Kikwete looked at Bush before demonstrating his political deftness , saying , "  Let him be as good a friend of Africa as President Bush has been . " But there was plenty of serious business to tend to as well , namely the signing of a compact under which the U.S. is to provide a $ 698 million grant to Tanzania . Watch how Bush explained what African nations are candidates for U.S. aid " U.S. funding is intended to help African governments buy mosquito netting and insecticide to prevent the spread of malaria . "  It breaks my heart to know that little children are dying needlessly because of a mosquito bite , " Bush said . Bush also attended a roundtable on the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief , or PEPFAR , program , which Kikwete said is saving lives and helping the African continent avert a health disaster . Bush said he has requested $ 30 billion over the next five years for the program . Though PEPFAR has helped increase accessibility to anti-viral drugs , the program is controversial because there is little focus on distributing condoms -- a staple of the program under President Clinton -- or on sex education , said Joel Barkan , a senior associate for the Center for Strategic and International Studies . The program is "  largely pursued through faith-based initiatives , " he said , adding that it 's not clear whether the AIDS-prevalence rates are going down . After their visit to Tanzania , the president and first lady Laura Bush will travel to Rwanda to meet with President Paul Kagame . Watch why Bush looks to Africa as part of his legacy " The U.S. has provided nearly 7,000 Rwandan troops with training , and spent more than $ 17 million to equip the troops and send them to Sudan , according to National Security adviser Stephen Hadley . Ethnic and tribal violence has raged for years in Sudan 's western Darfur region , leaving about 200,000 dead and more than 2 million displaced . Arab militias , said to be backed by the Sudanese government , have wantonly attacked Africans , and numerous rebel groups have attacked government targets . "  In Darfur , the U.S. will continue to call the killing what it is -- genocide , " Bush said last week . The Bushes will go to Ghana then Liberia after visiting Rwanda . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , who is on the Africa trip , will head to Kenya on Monday to support efforts to reach political conciliation there . The country erupted in ethnic violence after a December presidential vote , in which President Mwai Kibaki kept his post . Opposition leader Raila Odinga blasted the results , saying the election was rigged . He and his supporters declined to recognize the election results . Violence has declined some since former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan began mediating between the two groups . Bush 's first stop on the six-day tour was Benin , where he arrived Saturday . There , President Thomas Yayi Boni inducted Bush into the National Order of Benin and gave the American president a sash , cross medallion and lapel pin . He also thanked Bush for U.S. aid aimed at fighting poverty , malaria and HIV/AIDS , and he asked for help for Benin 's struggling cotton exports . Boni said it was tough for Benin to compete with Asian cotton producers because of their superior infrastructure and with U.S. cotton growers because of government subsidies . Bush responded that the U.S. is willing to make concessions , but suggested that Benin might be better served to develop a cotton-products industry rather than trying to export raw cotton . Boni said Benin needs international help bolstering its electricity , water , communication and transportation systems before expanding its manufacturing sector . Bush said he chose Benin to start his African tour because its leaders were determined to fight corruption and were careful to make sure U.S. aid dollars were properly spent . "  The United States wants to partner with leaders and their people , but we 're not going to do so with people who steal money , pure and simple , " Bush said . The United States has given Benin $ 307 million in a five-year grant to fight poverty , part of Bush 's Millennium Challenge Account , which provides aid to countries that practice democratic principles and sound economic policy . Bush 's trip to Africa is "  basically an effort to celebrate successes , " said Joel Barkan of the Center for Strategic and International Studies . Most Americans picture Africa as the "  continent of gloom and doom , " but the president is saying the bigger picture is one of "  making progress . " Barkan added , "  The question might be asked why he 's not going to a number of countries , " in particular the regional powers of Kenya , South Africa and Nigeria . "  If the election in Kenya had gone well , " the analyst said , "  I 'm sure Kenya would have been included . That 's not possible now . " The trip marks Bush 's second to the continent and his wife 's fifth . E-mail to a friend	President Bush signs aid compact with Tanzania during Africa tour President , first lady visiting five nations during six-day visit to the region Benin thanked President Bush for anti-AIDS efforts , other U.S. help Saturday Condoleezza Rice will visit Kenya to back efforts to end political crisis there
CNN  -- West Bromwich Albion may have thought they had done smart business when signing Nicolas Anelka on a free transfer last year , but he cost them dear on Monday . The Frenchman 's controversial "  quenelle " gesture in December has prompted the club 's main sponsor to announce an end to their ongoing deal . After weeks of inactivity because of injury , Anelka celebrated his first English Premier League  EPL  goals of the season , against West Ham , by making a gesture that many believe is a Nazi salute in reverse . Linked to rising anti-Semitism in France , the "  quenelle " has sat uncomfortably with West Brom 's club sponsors Zoopla , a property website co-owned by a Jewish businessman , Alex Chesterman . On Monday , Zoopla said it will not renew its two-year deal beyond the end of the current season , so turning down the possibility of a one-year extension with the team lying thirteenth in the EPL . "  Zoopla has been reviewing its position over the past few weeks in light of the actions of striker , Nicolas Anelka , during the match against West Ham over the Christmas period and has decided to focus its attention on other marketing activities after this season , " the company said in a statement . Anelka has insisted that the gesture , which involves pointing the right arm straight down and touching that arm with the left hand , was a dedication to his friend -- controversial French comedian Dieudonne M'Bala M'Bala , with whom the move is widely associated . "  The  meaning  of  quenelle : anti-system . I do not know what the word religion has to do with this story ! Of course , I am neither racist nor anti-Semitic , " the footballer tweeted after the incident . Media reports in England last week had suggested that Zoopla wanted Anelka to be dropped for Monday night 's match against Everton but the forward started a game that ended 1-1 . When West Brom announced the partnership with Zoopla in May 2012 , an official described it as "  the most comprehensive deal in the club 's history . " The club reacted to Zoopla 's statement by saying it had been aware that the sponsorship deal could end at the end of the current season and so "  has been planning accordingly " . Anelka is not the only sports star to be embroiled in controversy over the "  quenelle " . Several other French athletes -- basketballer Tony Parker as well as footballers Samir Nasri and Mamadou Sakho -- all having apologized for any offense caused when they were pictured making the gesture . It was popularized by Dieudonne , who ran in the European elections as an anti-Zionist and who has been fined several times in France for anti-Semitic commentary , a charge over which the 47-year-old faces an investigation by the Paris prosecutor 's office . The French government recently banned one of Dieudonne 's live performances , successfully doing so in Nantes earlier this month despite some intense legal wrangling . Anelka , meanwhile , is still waiting to hear his fate as the English Football Association concludes its investigation into the incident , which could result in a lengthy playing ban . After making the gesture at an EPL match in London on December 28 , Anelka agreed to a West Brom request to avoid any repetition of the gesture .	West Brom lose backing of sponsors Zoopla in row over Anelka goal celebration The "  quenelle " is seen by many as having anti-Semitic meaning Zoopla is co-owned by Jewish businessman Alex Chesterman
CNN  -- Rescuers pulled stranded riders from a roller coaster at Six Flags America in Maryland on Sunday after the ride halted on the tracks . A train on the Joker 's Jinx roller coaster stopped near the top of the 79-foot-tall ride , fire officials said . It took more than four hours to get all 24 passengers back on the ground . No one was injured , Six Flags spokeswoman Debbie Evans said . Video from CNN affiliate WJLA showed rescuers slowly helping passengers to safety , one by one . Hours after the rescue operation began , Prince George 's County Fire Chief Marc Bashoor said all passengers were safe . He posted a series of photos of the dramatic rescue on Twitter . "  Firefighters have reached the 1st car by tower bucket - each of 6 cars will be emptied slowly , " he wrote . "  Riders being strapped in place within each car , before cars passenger restraint can be released , " he said minutes later . "  Then pulled 1 by 1 - 1st 2 people in bucket . " Volunteer firefighters tweeted a photo showing two aerial towers they were using to help passengers to safety . Officials do n't know what caused the coaster to halt , Evans said . "  The ride has a sophisticated , computerized safety system that can cause such ride stoppages . While we are not yet sure what caused the stoppage , the ride performed as it is designed to , " she said . On its website , Six Flags America says the ride normally lasts for just over a minute and reaches a speed of 60 mph . "  Without any pauses or braking , you 'll blast through a cobra roll , a sidewinder loop , a corkscrew , and countless swift reversals in between , " the website says . When the ride blasts to 60 mph in just over three seconds , the description says , "  that 'll wipe that smirk off your face , as you are shot like a bullet into four inversions compressed into a half-mile pile of twisted steel . " Evans said Sunday that the Joker 's Jinx would be shut down while officials determine what happened . "  The ride will remain closed until the park completes a thorough investigation and both the staff and ride manufacturer have determined the ride is safe for operation , " she said . "  The safety of our guests is our top priority . " Six Flags roller coaster car derails , 4 injured Disney World monorail evacuated after power outage	NEW : All 24 passengers are safely on the ground , fire chief says The Joker 's Jinx roller coaster stops on the tracks at Six Flags America Six Flags spokeswoman : No one is injured , all riders "  are secure " The ride will closed while officials investigate , she says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Pakistani and Afghan forces clashed Thursday near the border of the two countries in a gun battle that left at least one Afghan border policeman dead , an Afghan official said . Zia Durrani , a spokesman for the police chief of the southern Afghan province of Kandahar , said Pakistani forces attacked Afghan police checkpoints on the border early Thursday morning . He said that the gun battle between the two sides in Maroof district was still going on , but that the first hour was very intense . The Pakistanis were using light and heavy machine guns , Durrani said . The Pakistani military did n't immediately respond to calls from CNN seeking comment . Drone strike kills at least 10 militants near Afghan-Pakistani border Rockets , gunfire herald start of Taliban 's spring offensive in Afghanistan	An Afghan border policeman was killed in a clash at a checkpoint Pakistani forces attacked the checkpoint , an Afghan police official says
CNN  -- The boy who wrote a letter to Santa asking him to help stop bullies from picking on his twin sister has a lot of new friends now . Friends like actor and comedian Stephen Kramer Glickman , who plays the manager of a boy band on the Nickelodeon show "  Big Time Rush . " When Glickman heard about 8-year-old Ryan Suffern 's letter asking Santa to help stop the bullying his sister was experiencing at school , he was touched by Ryan 's efforts . "  When I saw this , it hit me and I was like I got ta get in touch with this family and try to reach out to these kids , " he said . In his letter to Santa Ryan writes that he wanted a remote control car and helicopter , but adds : "  I do n't want that anymor . Kid at school are still picking on Amber and its not fair . " "  I prayed that they will stop but god is bisy and needs your help . " At the end of the letter , Ryan also asks if "  Big Time Rush " could come to the twins ' birthday party : "  Can you ask Big Time Rush to come to Amber 's B-day party It will make her so happy . If you ca n't get them to come ... just get her everything she ask for . " Glickman said he understands the terrors of bullying . He was an adventurous dresser and heavier , and shorter than the rest of his peers at an early age , he said , and was routinely picked on in seventh and eighth grade . The bullying got so bad that he had to drop out of junior high school , and was home-schooled , he said . Watch Stephen Kramer Glickman 's video to Ryan and Amber "  Kids were terrible to me when I was in school , " he said . Glickman recorded a video and sent it into CNN iReport for the twins . In the video , he tells Ryan and Amber to remember all the friends they have now . He was not only referring to himself , but also the "  Big Time Rush " Nickelodeon band who now knows about Ryan 's letter . "  I ca n't give too much information , but I can say this . I think Christmas might come early this year , " Glickman says in the video . The Nickelodeon star was n't the only one to reach out to the family . After Ryan 's letter to Santa went viral , the Sufferns were overwhelmed by the generosity of others . Karen Suffern , Ryan and Amber 's mother , said she could not imagine such an outpouring of support from people . Many have reached out to her , looking to donate gifts and money to the family . "  I 'm not comfortable with that , I do n't want it turn out that it was all about money , " she said . "  I 've been telling people thanks for your support and your prayers . " When she first shared the letter online with friends and people like blogger Tony Posnanski -- who first posted Ryan 's letter onto CNN iReport where it gained thousands of views and shares -- she just wanted to spread awareness of bullying . Suffern flew up to New York on Wednesday to share her story with "  Good Morning America " and has been contacted by "  Dr. Phil " and the "  Today Show . " Suffern is n't used to all the attention , but she said the experience has humbled her and showed her the positive side of people . Even the twins are seeing some changes at school . Ryan knows something is happening , Suffern said , "  because when they went to school yesterday , he said ` Mommy , I have new friends . ' " "  Other people said they 're going to help look out for Amber too , and make sure they do n't mess with her . I thought that was so sweet , " Suffern said . She said at first Ryan was embarrassed by all the attention , and even Amber was oblivious . "  She had no idea what was going on until she talked to the ` Good Morning America ' producer , " Suffern said . "  She did n't know Ryan wrote the letter . "	8-year-old Ryan wrote a letter to Santa after seeing his sister being bullied at school Ryan 's sister Amber is bullied by her peers on the bus and during class because of her weight Ryan 's letter grabbed the attention of "  Big Time Rush " actor Stephen Kramer Glickman Mother shared story with blogger Tony Posnanski , who posted it on CNN iReport
CNN  -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney has been released from a Virginia hospital 10 days after undergoing a heart transplant , his office said Tuesday . Cheney , 71 , who has a history of heart trouble , had surgery at Inova Fairfax Hospital in Falls Church , Virginia . He 's suffered at least five heart attacks since 1978 , "  As he leaves the hospital , the former Vice President and his family want to again express their deep gratitude to the donor and the donor 's family for this remarkable gift , " his office said in a statement . Cheney had been on the cardiac transplant list for more than 20 months . In June 2010 , he was hospitalized at George Washington University for conditions related to his coronary artery disease . He had a left ventricular assist device implanted to help his heart pump . Nine years earlier , Cheney got a pacemaker after experiencing irregular heart rhythms . The former Wyoming congressman served as an influential vice president with President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2009 , and he had served in and out of government since the late 1960s .	Dick Cheney has been released from a Virginia hospital He was recovering from a heart transplant Cheney , 71 , suffered from at least five heart attacks since 1978 The former Wyoming congressman served as a vice president under President George W. Bush
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- If Hillary Clinton decides not to run for president -- and yes , that is still possible -- her return to the media lion 's den might be a factor in her thinking . She 's done a national book tour and the paid lecture circuit , but Clinton got an up-close look at today 's frenzied political news environment last weekend when she visited Iowa for the first time in seven years , a spectacle primed for an avalanche of media coverage given her expected campaign and her tortured history with the Hawkeye State . I joined more than 200 other reporters who swarmed the scene and tweeted away , even though most Americans on social media that day probably cared more about Robert Griffin 's ankle . The press scrum that assembled to witness noncandidates Hillary and Bill Clinton flip Hy-Vee steaks with Sen. Tom Harkin -- behind a barricade , of course -- was as large , if not larger , than the media hordes that covered her at the height of her 2008 campaign . One reporter got whacked in the head with the butt of a big television camera . Another photographer dramatically toppled off his ladder while straining to get a shot . It was a little absurd . When the Clintons approached the media zoo for question time , Bill Clinton leaned in and relished the scene . Hillary kept her distance . Political Twitter , though , was n't just a stream of gauzy Instagram-filtered pics of the Clintons : It was also rife with media criticism , some fair and some not , from politicos and press critics who pointed to the event as another example of lazy "  pack journalism " with little journalistic upside . The sniping had some credibility . What was the competitive advantage of being there , just one more reporter among the herd , all of us racing around to get the same quotes and the same pictures ? This was especially true for the many journalists in attendance who rarely travel outside of Washington or New York to cover politics but decided to open up their travel budget for this one trip . Could n't their time have been better spent reporting on an undercovered Senate or governor 's race in some other part of the country , far away from the rest of the media scrum ? Of course , the academics would say . But the incentive structure of today 's click-driven news economy begs to differ . Hillary gets eyeballs . Arkansas ' Tom Cotton does not . This is the world we live in . As much as I believe in straying far , far away from the rest of the media pack -- this was a lynchpin argument in "  Did Twitter Kill The Boys on the Bus ? , " the Harvard Kennedy School study I wrote last year about the hyperactive political news media -- I did find value in covering the Steak Fry . For one , I lived Clinton 's 2008 campaign up close as an embedded producer for CNN , living on her campaign plane for six months and ingesting every single stump speech , gaffe and gross turkey sandwich in front of me . It was useful for me to see whether her political skills and her willingness to play the Iowa game had shifted since she lost the nomination fight to Barack Obama . The whole thing was broadcast on CNN and C-SPAN , which is fine and good , but television cameras do n't pick up the small things reporters can sniff on the ground : The receptiveness of the crowd , the impressive organizational prowess of the once-meager Ready for Hillary super PAC , the absurdity of the staged photo-ops and press scrums , and the rope-line body language of Clinton herself , which was noticeably more cautious than her husband Bill  some things never change  . Those are the kind of atmospherics I chose to focus on when crafting my report from the scene as well as this week 's episode of Hambycast . And of course , there 's the reporting that went on nowhere near the Steak Fry , those meetings with Democrat and Republican sources in and around Des Moines . Was all that worth the plane ticket to DSM ? Definitely . Will I go somewhere where other reporters are n't for my next trip ? You bet . Watching the Iowa theatrics from afar , the journalist Dave Weigel wrote that Hillary 's protocandidacy is a "  problem for the media , which simultaneously is ready right now to cover her like a nominee -- 200 reporters ! -- and yet so palpably bored with how she talks , and runs . " But the ever-growing press corps , weaponized by Twitter , will also be a problem for Clinton and her team , who must find ways of engaging with a massive entourage of reporters that is constantly on the hunt for "  news " -- i.e. , anything off-message or click-worthy -- while also trying to drive the conversation on their own terms . The hyperguarded Mitt Romney encountered this same dilemma during his ill-fated 2012 presidential bid . Watch more Hambycasts When he avoided the press , he got punished by a cranky and access-starved press corps . When he held a rare press conference to push a policy idea , his comments were drowned out by a cacophony of horse-race questions or some Twitter-driven "  controversy " unfolding hundreds of miles away . So he chose to get his message out on his own terms , through paid media or friendly Fox News interviews , without the filter of the "  traditional " press , whatever that means . In the end , it was n't enough . That political reporters are motivated by conflict , personality and the ups-and-downs of a campaign is nothing new , and it 's unlikely to change despite carping from media critics . What has changed is the atomized and hyperactive social news environment we all live in now , and it 's changed dramatically since Clinton last announced a presidential bid in 2007 , before the iPhone existed and well before Twitter took hold among the political class . If she runs again , there will be reporters covering her campaign who were barely in diapers when Bill Clinton was elected President , who came of age in an era of Internet journalism that prizes exclusives and micronews , who have very different incentives than the television and newspaper reporters that the Clintons dealt with during his presidency or her last campaign . They hold the Clintons in high-regard , but not nearly as high as the regard the Clintons have for themselves . Hillary got a taste of this during her book tour -- her de-facto re-entry into political life -- when various comments that had even a whiff of controversy or gaffe-status rocketed across the Internet at warp speed , with an assist from Republican opposition researchers . Life as a candidate , of course , is something much different . Clinton knows this . But her Iowa pop-in was her first glimpse of the thorny new reality that awaits .	Hambycast is a weekly digital show produced by CNN Politics and CNN Digital Studios Hillary Clinton made her first trip to Iowa since losing to Barack Obama and John Edwards in 2008 Hillary Clinton gets a hard look at what 's ahead and what 's changed if she decides to run
Washington  CNN  -- Recognizing that the "  Internet of 2012 is vastly different from a decade ago , " the Federal Trade Commission on Wednesday announced changes to strengthen privacy for children online "  in this ever-changing technological landscape . " The revisions to the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , also known as the COPPA Rule , which was originally passed in 1998 , will make it more difficult for children 's personal data to be collected by mobile phone apps , smartphones and tablets . Parents will have greater control over the information that websites and online services can collect from children under 13 . Apps , or applications , are software programs that mobile phone users can purchase and install on their devices . "  The new COPPA rule captures the new online reality ... and puts companies on notice that they must comply with the law , " said Sen. Jay Rockefeller , chairman of the Committee on Commerce , Science and Transportation . Rockefeller , D-West Virginia , told reporters at a Capitol Hill news conference that he 's been "  stewing inside " about this issue for a while , and he warned that third parties will be held liable for personal information they collect from children . He said third parties also will be held liable "  if they know they are collecting information on websites or apps directed toward children . " The FTC says one of the proposals will "  close a loophole that allowed kid-directed apps and websites to permit third parties to collect personal information from children through plug-ins  software  without parental notice and consent . " "  Parents should be the gatekeepers to decide whether others can collect information , " said FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz . A recent report by the FTC found that only 20 percent of the apps linked to general disclosure information or a privacy policy before the app was downloaded . Many of the apps shared certain information with third parties , such as device ID , geolocation or phone number without disclosing that fact to parents , the FTC said . Companies could potentially develop detailed profiles about children without a parent 's knowledge or consent . The commission will require website operators and online service providers "  take reasonable steps to release children 's personal information only to companies that are capable of keeping it secure and confidential . " Another amendment would "  modify the list of ` personal information ' that can not be collected without parental notice and consent . " "  FTC stands for something , " said Rep. Ed Markey , D-Massachusetts , a proponent for updated protection rules . "  Today FTC stands for ` For The Children ' across the country . " Common Sense Media , an organization that provides families with information about kids , media and technology , applauded the new regulations . "  These COPPA updates will provide a stern reminder to companies and developers that they need to do more to build a trustworthy online space for kids and families and ensure that kids can benefit from tech innovation without exploitation , " said James Steyer , Common Sense Media CEO . The amendments will go into effect on July 1 , 2013 . CNN 's Todd Sperry contributed to this report .	Changes to children 's privacy act target the collection of personal data by apps Rules are intended to give parents more control over their children 's information Only 20 % of apps explain what data are collected before download , FTC says
CNN  The economy 's in the tank , the currency 's crumbling , and he 's risking diplomatic isolation for doubling down on Ukraine . So how is it that Russian President Vladimir Putin 's popularity is at a whopping 86 % ? That 's the conclusion of a poll conducted this month by the Levada Center . Last month , Putin 's approval rating was at 85 % . The Levada-Center describes itself as an independent , non-governmental polling and sociological research organization . And it has found that Putin 's approval ratings have been holding steady in the mid-80s since around May last year , which incidentally is when the Ukraine/Crimea conflict bubbled up . What gives ? The answer is simple , says Ben Judah , author of "  Fragile Empire : How Russia Fell In and Out of Love with Vladimir Putin . " "  That figure is made up , " he told CNN last month . "  An opinion poll can only be conducted in a democracy with a free press , " he explained . "  In a country with no free press , where people are arrested for expressing their opinions , where the truth is hidden from them , where the media even online is almost all controlled by the government -- when a pollster phones people up and asks , ` Hello , do you approve of Vladimir Putin , ' the answer is overwhelmingly yes . "  So what that opinion poll is , is not a poll of approval but it 's a poll of fear . " There 's another factor at play . Putin has remained defiant in the face of Western sanctions and political pressure to stand down in Ukraine . And that defiance is earning him political points at home despite the impact on the Russian economy . Henry Hale , an international affairs professor at The George Washington University specializing in Russian politics , said on the whole , the polls reflect the reality on the ground of popular support for Putin . "  I do n't think Russians are really hiding their feelings , " Hale told CNN in December , adding that the polls indicate support for Putin , but not necessarily the depth of that support . Media propaganda plays a key role in bolstering Putin 's popularity , Hale said , especially in the portrayal of Ukraine 's popular revolt as a fascist takeover and in portraying the annexation of Crimea as , essentially , a rescue mission . Nationalism 's OK , but families have mouths to feed . And if Russia 's economic problems get worse , that could bode ill for Putin . "  Even if he can keep strong popular support , Putin has to worry most of all about keeping happy the oligarchs , the wealthy Russians who back him in exchange for continued prosperity , " says Frida Ghitis , a world affairs columnist for the Miami Herald , in a piece for CNN.com . "  Economic sanctions and a shrinking economy will not make them happy . " This report incorporates information previously published in a piece by CNN 's Jeremy Diamond in December . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene in London and Alla Eshchenko in Moscow contributed to this report .	Putin 's approval rating has hovered in the mid 80s since last May Analysts differ in trying to explain the reason
CNN  -- Former Ajax and Tottenham manager Martin Jol has taken over as coach at English Premier League club Fulham . The London-based club , who reached the final of UEFA 's Europa League in 2009 under Roy Hodgson , moved quickly to replace Mark Hughes , who left the club earlier this month . Jol was approached to take charge when Hodgson left for Liverpool , but opted to stay with Dutch giants Ajax . He has signed a two-year contract with an option to extend by another year . He told the club 's official web site : "  I am very happy to join Fulham , a wonderful traditional club . It is a club with good , solid foundations and a great fan base . "  I could have gone to other countries but I was waiting for the opportunity to come back to England . " Fulham qualified for next season 's Europa League thanks to their standing in UEFA 's Fair Play table , and start their qualifying campaign for the tournament on June 30 . Despite coming so soon after the end of the 2010-11 season Jol , who also had a spell with German club Hamburg , insists he is pleased to be in the competition . "  It would be ridiculous to say that I 'm not happy with being in the Europa League , " he added . "  I think Fulham were the first and only club who had a lucrative income from the Europa League . "  Any other team , say in Germany for example , would say that you do n't earn a lot of money from the Europa League because only the Champions League is profitable . "  Let 's not forget though that can hinder you in the season , the last time Fulham were in the Europa League they were 12th in the table , but it is my hope that we can build a squad that is strong enough to compete in all of these competitions . " The club 's chairman , Mohamed Al Fayed , said he was delighted to appoint Jol , the man who led Tottenham to fifth place in the 2005-06 season . "  He understands my vision for the club , and believes in what we are striving to achieve here , " he said . "  I know that he will dedicate himself to helping us move forward , and is with us for the long term , to help us build and progress . " Meanwhile , Portuguese club Benfica have issued a statement denying that Spanish giants Real Madrid have agreed a deal to sign Fabio Coentrao . The defender has a release clause of $ 44 million and Spanish media reported Tuesday that Coentrao would be joining this week . But Benfica released a statement on their web site that read : "  Fabio Coentrao is a Benfica player . Unlike the news that came out in the media , fueled , as always , by ` sources ' with no name and no face , there is no kind of agreement with Real Madrid . "  The player 's release clause is $ 30 million  $ 44m  and the potential interested parties know that . "	Martin Jol appointed coach of English Premier League club Fulham Dutchman signs a two-year deal with London-based club Jol has formerly managed Tottenham , Ajax and Hamburg Benfica deny Fabio Coentrao is close to joining Spanish giants Real Madrid
CNN  In 2007 I had my ovaries and fallopian tubes removed to prevent my getting ovarian cancer . It was a surgery of the kind that Angelina Jolie recently underwent , as she revealed Tuesday in a New York Times op-ed . Two years ago , Jolie divulged that she 'd had a prophylactic double mastectomy -- I had done this as well , in 2012 . Along with the effects of the surgeries themselves , we now also share a related fallout : surgical menopause . This change can be big and , for me , happened almost immediately . There is little easing into it : the age-inappropriate night sweats , hot flashes , weight gain , mood swings . When I had my ovaries removed at age 37 , I suddenly felt less vibrant and beautiful , and instead experienced the slow creep of feeling old . What will this transition mean to someone like Jolie , so identified for her attractiveness and glamour ?  She may keep that part of her transformation private , but -- as with her disclosures about the surgeries -- it might do some good to discuss that , as well . I 've been talking and writing about BRCA1 since I learned more than 10 years ago that I carried this insidious , inherited genetic mutation . I 've discussed how these operations have affected my relationship with my husband and our two children . But often it takes someone as public , as gorgeous , as famous as Ms. Jolie to powerfully move the conversation about cancer prevention surgeries forward . Her transparency helps normalize the experience of women considering their own options . It chips away at the stigma surrounding this treatment decision and offers women a new shorthand for explaining such a difficult choice to their families . When I underwent each of my surgeries a few friends looked at me sideways . They were n't familiar with BRCA and or how surgery could statistically reduce my chances of developing cancer . Now Ms. Jolie has changed this . Her willingness to share such intimate experiences means more people will become educated and more BRCA survivors will feel free to speak of their scars . And there are many resources for BRCA-positive women . In June , I will be speaking at the annual FORCE conference  Facing Our Risk of Cancer Empowered  , which has partnered with another wonderful organization , the Basser Research Center for BRCA  part of the Abramson Cancer Center of the University of Pennsylvania  . Both are leading the way in the scientific research and understanding of hereditary breast and ovarian cancers . They also provide resources around risk assessment , prevention , early detection , treatment , and survivorship , as well as links to chat rooms and local support groups . It 's not often a writer finds her circumstances so closely in sync with a Hollywood star . But I like to think Ms. Jolie and I , two women who truly have nothing in common , are linked in our determination to be proactive . We have looked fear in the face and made the only decisions that made sense for our families and our selves .	Like Angelina Jolie , Allison Gilbert had two preventive cancer surgeries to remove her ovaries and fallopian tubes and later her breasts Gilbert : Jolie 's disclosure about her surgeries has brought needed attention to this surgical option for carriers of insidious BRCA1 gene
Washington  CNN  -- Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood announced Monday that the Obama administration will push legislation designed to overhaul and upgrade America 's aging oil and gas pipeline network . The initative is partly a response to a series of deadly pipeline explosions , including one last year in San Bruno , California , that killed eight people and destroyed 37 homes . A February pipeline explosion in Allentown , Pennsylvania , resulted in the deaths of five people . San Bruno 's faulty pipeline was installed in 1956 ; Allentown 's was installed in 1928 . During a news conference in Allentown , LaHood called on the major pipeline companies to conduct a review of their oil and gas delivery systems to identify the lines with the highest risk . He also urged them to speed up the most critical repair work . "  People deserve to know that they can turn on the lights , the heat or the stove without endangering their families and neighbors , " LaHood said . "  The safety of the American public is my top priority , and I am taking on this critical issue to avoid future tragedies we have seen in Allentown and around the country . " Among other things , the administration wants to increase the maximum civil penalties for pipeline violations from $ 100,000 per day to $ 250,000 per day . It also wants to increase fines from $ 1 million to $ 2.5 million for a series of violations . The administration also would like to boost the number of safety inspectors and improve data reporting to increase the likelihood of early identification of possible pipeline safety risks . The Transportation Department is planning to convene a pipeline safety forum on April 18 in Washington . The United States has more than 2.5 million miles of pipelines used for the delivery of oil and gas , according to the Transporation Department . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Transporation Secretary Ray LaHood presses pipeline firms to upgrade aging delivery systems The move comes in response to recent deadly explosions in California and Pennsylvania The administration wants to increase fines for pipeline safety violations , among other things The Transportation Department will convene a pipeline safety forum on April 18
Washington  CNN  -- Fears that Haitian earthquake survivors would engage in a massive and deadly ocean migration to South Florida have thus far been unfounded , according to federal and local government officials , who say they continue to plan for such an exodus only as a precaution . The U.S. Coast Guard said it has witnessed only normal maritime traffic around Haiti , and it has not intercepted any Haitians attempting illegal crossings into U.S. waters . Nor does it see people preparing for voyages . Florida officials have asked for federal government funding to shelter 10,000 refugees , but said that was done only as a precaution . Meanwhile , the U.S. Air Force continues daily flights of its EC-130J Commando Solo aircraft -- a radio station in the sky -- which is broadcasting warnings to would-be migrants , as well as information about where people can find food and aid . List of missing , found people in Haiti The plane is broadcasting a recorded message from Raymond Joseph , Haiti 's ambassador to the United States , saying : "  Listen , do n't rush on boats to leave the country . Because I 'll be honest with you : If you think you will reach the U.S. and all the doors will be wide open to you , that 's not at all the case . And they will intercept you right on the water and send you back home where you came from . " State Department deputy spokesman Gordon Duguid said the message is "  part of the U.S. effort to help keep Haitians safe . " "  We do n't want people to endanger their lives by taking risk to try to get to the U.S. at this time , " he said . The U.S. military will be distributing special radios to Haitians this week in an effort to get messages and news spread as far as possible . Some 50,000 portable solar-powered and windup radios will be distributed by the U.S. military joint task force that is deploying troops in Haiti 's capital , Port-au-Prince , and other severely stricken parts of the country . Government officials say past migrations from Cuba and Haiti were the result of large geopolitical events , circumstances that differ significantly from those in Haiti now . Further , there is a large U.S. government presence in Haiti and offshore -- factors that will make any migration easier for the government to detect . "  At this point , we are not expecting a massive influx of Haitian individuals , " said Mike Stone , spokesman for the Florida Emergency Operations Center . Immediately after the January 12 quake , the state "  dusted off " a preparedness plan known as Operation Vigilant Sentry "  just in case , " he said . The plan has been in place since 2003 . David Halstead , director of Florida 's Division of Emergency Management , said the state 's request for "  safe housing " for 10,000 Haitian survivors was based on the plan . That is the maximum number Florida officials believe the state could support in any mass migration , and only for a limited period , he said . It is based on the expectation that people would first be housed at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba and federal immigration detention centers . "  I think right now , with everyone watching Haiti ... for any boat or ship to be able to get out of there illegally would be a miracle upon itself , " Halstead said Tuesday . The U.S. Coast Guard said it has seen "  nothing out of the ordinary " off Haiti 's coast in recent days . Ferry vessels have been crowded , "  but they 're not going anyplace we would n't expect them to , " Lt. Cmdr. Christopher O'Neil said . Haitians have migrated to the United States by boat in relatively small numbers for at least the past 30 years , with several notable spikes . An estimated 25,000 Haitians were among the mass migration of more than 150,000 asylum seekers , primarily Cubans , during the Mariel boatlift in 1980 . In the early 1990s , tens of thousands of Haitians migrated to the United States after the coup d'etat deposing President Jean-Bertrand Aristide . CNN Pentagon Producer Mike Mount contributed to this report .	U.S. Coast Guard : Maritime traffic around Haiti normal Coast Guard says it has n't intercepted Haitians trying illegal crossings into U.S. waters Florida has asked for federal funding to shelter 10,000 as a precaution U.S. Air Force plane broadcasts message : Do n't try to reach U.S. on boats
Rome  CNN  -- Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has survived political , corruption and sex scandals over the years , but on Friday , a Milan court sentenced the flamboyant politician to four years in prison for tax evasion . Berlusconi , who is likely to appeal , called it an "  unacceptable political sentence " in an interview that aired on CNN affiliate TGCOM24 . "  I was convinced that I would get acquitted of an accusation that is far from the truth , " he said . "  This is a conviction I can easily define as political , incredible and even intolerable . " He added : "  I 'm a victim of judicial harassment . " His trial , which also involved executives from Berlusconi 's Mediaset television group and the head of a Swiss bank , concerned the purchase of TV rights for films that were then resold within the group at inflated prices . Prosecutors said the scheme , involving about 3,000 American films , allowed those involved to avoid a major tax bill . They may have to pay a fine of up to â ‚ ¬ 10 million  $ 12.9 million  if the court 's ruling is upheld . Under the Italian legal system , Berlusconi and his fellow defendants have the right to appeal their sentence twice , in the appeals court and a higher court . Also , because the case dates to July 2006 , the statute of limitations will expire next year , meaning there is a good chance none of the defendants will serve any prison time . Berlusconi , 76 , resigned as prime minister in November amid his country 's debt crisis , bringing to an apparent end an 18-year era in which he dominated Italian politics . Through the years , he was accused of embezzlement , fraud and bribery , but he was never convicted until the tax evasion case . He also faces trial on charges that he hired an underage prostitute and later tried to pull strings to get her out of jail when she was accused of theft . The woman involved in the long-running case is the Moroccan dancer Karima el Mahroug , nicknamed "  Ruby the Heart-stealer . " American movie star George Clooney had been expected to appear Friday as a defense witness in that case but did not show up . The actor 's representative said he would not be serving as a witness for Berlusconi . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi calls sentence "  political " He is likely to appeal the sentence handed down by a Milan court He resigned as prime minister in November over his country 's debt crisis Berlusconi has survived a series of legal cases over the years
CNN  It turns out that Jupiter may be more than just an enormous ball of gas spinning a few hundred million miles farther out in the solar system . We earthlings might have the giant planet to thank for our very existence . Two scientists are suggesting that the inner solar system once played host to a bunch of "  super-Earths " -- planets that were larger than our own but smaller than Neptune . Jupiter , however , put an end to those early occupiers of the inner orbits , bulldozing in and sweeping them into the sun , according to a paper published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . Jupiter 's epic , planet-shattering journey toward the sun and back out again laid the foundations for the creation of Earth and the other smaller planets nearby -- Mercury , Venus and Mars . "  Our work suggests that Jupiter 's inward-outward migration could have destroyed a first generation of planets and set the stage for the formation of the mass-depleted terrestrial planets that our solar system has today , " said Konstantin Batygin of Caltech , one of the authors of the paper . The theory attempts to explain why our solar system is a bit of an oddball in our galactic neighborhood . Most other systems that have planets orbiting around a star similar to our sun look very different . They generally have at least one planet significantly larger than Earth that 's in a closer orbit than Mercury 's . But they do n't have many objects farther out . Maybe that 's because of Jupiter 's destructive romp in the early history of the solar system . "  There is no reason to think that the dominant mode of planet formation throughout the galaxy should not have occurred here , " Batygin said . "  It is more likely that subsequent changes have altered its original makeup . " He and his co-author -- Gregory Laughlin of University of California , Santa Cruz -- are building on a scenario of Jupiter 's migration that was previously put forward by other scientists . Known as the Grand Tack scenario , it describes Jupiter getting drawn toward the sun in the early era of the solar system thanks to its huge mass . What stops it from being sucked right into the sun is Saturn . The two gas giants start to exert gravitational influence on one another , entering a planetary dance that eventually sends them back farther out into the solar system . Batygin and Laughlin suggest that during its inward journey , Jupiter dragged a load of planetary building blocks , known as planetesimals , along with it . That sent the planetesimals smashing into debris in the inner solar system , causing them to break apart and fall into the sun at a faster rate . The scientists say they ran a simulation of what would happen if there were also a number of super-Earths in the vicinity as well . They found that a wave of decaying planetesimals would steer the super-Earths into the sun over the course of 20,000 years . "  It 's a very effective physical process , " Batygin said . "  You only need a few Earth masses worth of material to drive tens of Earth masses worth of planets into the sun . " On its way back out , Jupiter left some remaining planetesimals in its wake -- the building blocks that over millions of years would come to form Earth , Mercury , Venus and Mars .	Scientists : An epic migration by Jupiter led to destruction of "  super-Earths " The planet-shattering journey laid foundations for Earth , they say
Yaounde , Cameroon  CNN  -- Michele Mbala Mvogo , a 17-year-old high school student , left home to go to school one morning , and she never came back . On Friday , police found Michele 's corpse with four other bodies dumped outside a kindergarten school . Fighting back tears , Deborah Ngoh Tonye described what was left of her sister 's gruesome corpse . Someone had removed Michele 's genitals , tongue , eyes , hair , and breasts . Michele 's bizarre murder is believed to be part of a wave of killings linked to occult rituals that has triggered panic in Yaounde , the capital city of more than 2 million people in the West African nation of Cameroon . In the past two weeks police have found 18 bodies dumped along the streets . Authorities said all of the bodies had been mutilated . Officials have not said if the female victims among the 18 bodies had been raped . State security officials said Tuesday the bodies have been identified . The victims , who are between the ages of 15 and 26 , are mostly Yaounde high school students , police said . They said a number of suspects have been arrested in the case , but so far no one has been charged . State intelligence officials have launched an investigation to track down the killers , said Communications Minister Tchiroma Bakari . In some regions of the country , traditional healers claim eyes , genitals , tongues and other organs have mystical powers . Some occultists believe such organs hold the keys to gaining wealth and other good fortune . Until the 1970s , ritual killings were a common cultural practice in Cameroon , before education became more widespread . Signs of its gradual resurgence beginning last year have shaken much of the city . The fear is most noticeable as evenings approach . Many families lock themselves indoors beginning in the late hours of the day , while young men band together in vigilante groups , roaming the streets looking for killers . Police have shut down dozens of bars that are suspected as hangouts for criminals . Security officials warn pedestrians , especially girls , to walk in groups . Fears about occult groups and human organs gained strength in late 2012 when Health Minister Andre Mama Fouda fired a laboratory technician and four mortuary attendants . They admitted to trading organs harvested from dead bodies stored in the mortuary of the state regional hospital in Douala , Cameroon 's largest city . In Yaounde 's public hospitals , dozens of relatives have complained to administrators about mutilated corpses , said the minister of public health . Taking organs for such uses represents a "  gross violation of human rights , " said Cameroon human rights advocate Rosine Djoumessi Masonwa . Local authorities must work "  to end the mutilation of human bodies through strong laws and widespread education programs . " As she grieves for her sister , Tonye , like so many others , is frightened and worried that more is n't being done . "  There is laxity in the forces in ensuring security in the capital , " she said .	Police find 18 mutilated bodies from suspected ritual killings in the past 2 weeks Scared families hide indoors while vigilantes patrol the Cameroon capital Ritual killings ended in the 1970s , but are now resurging Suspects have been arrested , police say , but not charged
CNN  -- A lengthy investigation into the erratic behavior of a Brazilian accused of ordering the murder of a 73-year-old American nun led to his recent arrest , a Brazilian prosecutor in the state of Para told CNN . U.S. missionary sister Dorothy Stang as seen in 2004 working in the Amazon forest in Para , Brazil . Regivaldo Pereira Galvao was recently seen at what authorities say is the site of the 2005 slaying of Sister Dorothy Stang to pressure peasants there into giving him the property rights , said federal prosecutor Felicio Pontes Tuesday . The site is located in a 7,400 acre plot known as "  Lot 55 " that is under dispute in the Amazon . Police arrested Galvao Friday on charges of land fraud and slavery . He is already facing a conspiracy to murder charge in connection with Stang 's death . Before her death , Stang had defended the right of landless peasants by giving them access to public land and promoting sustainable farming practices that would help halt deforestation . Her land distribution project , the Project for Sustainable Development  PDS  , has received praise by officials with the Brazilian government . "  Sister Dorothy 's PDS project is the very most successful land reform project in the Amazon , " said Pontes , adding , "  It has helped more than 300 settlers make a living in a sustainable way . " . A recently released film called , "  They Killed Sister Dorothy , " narrated by American actor Martin Sheen , has won international acclaim for its original , in-depth investigation of Stang 's life and the details surrounding her murder . The film contains exclusive interviews and information that will be used against the suspects , Brazilian investigators told CNN . "  This film has been very important for us . It not only explains the dilemma Brazilians are facing in protecting the Amazon , but it also contains interviews with the suspects which we will certainly use against them , " said Pontes . Aside from Galvao , five people have been accused in Stang 's killing . Four have been convicted , and one has been acquitted . Stang was gunned down along a muddy road near Lot 55 as she worked with the peasants . Galvao 's presence at Lot 55 adds to evidence against him in the murder case , Pontes said . "  We have been keeping an eye on him since he left prison , since he has always said he had nothing to do with that land , and therefore was not behind the murder of Sister Dorothy , " Pontes told CNN . "  Now we nailed him , we know he lied and he did have a lot of interest in that allotment , " he said . Galvao sat in prison for a year after Stang 's death while awaiting trial . He was released by Brazil 's high court in 2006 , though he is still awaiting trial . Galvao has consistently denied illegally obtaining land and being involved in Stang 's murder . He has also denied any involvement with Lot 55 , which has been divided among poor settlers for Stang 's sustainable farming projects . "  I 'm deeply sorry about this whole tragedy , but I am also a victim of it , " Galvao said in a statement from jail after his arrest in 2005 which was posted on a Web site that proclaims his innocence . "  I 'm innocent . I never stained my hands with any crime , or ordered anyone else to stain theirs . " Prosecutors accuse Galvao of forging land titles and forcefully seizing public lands under the government 's law reform program . Elizabeth Dowyer , a nun with the Sisters of Notre Dame where Stang was ordained , told CNN she was happy when she heard the announcement of Galvao 's arrest . "  We are relieved in a sense because we knew he was also involved in slavery and he was an illegal land grabber , " she said . "  We also strongly believe he was involved in a consortium to grab that plot . " Dowyer , who also was involved in Stang 's land reform movement in the Amazon , said Stang knew her would-be killers and even prayed for them . "  In her letters , she named the people she tried to mediate with . On the night before her death , she invited her own killers who bragged to the community of what they were about to do , " she said . "  She really believed people could change . " The day after the meeting , hired killers murdered her , Dowyer said . Land reform is the crux of many of Brazil 's social problems . Most agricultural lands rest in the hands of a few wealthy landowners , who are engaged in export-crops like soy and sugar cane as well as cattle ranching , according to the Landless Peasant Movement in Brazil .	Prosecutor : Galvao 's recent presence at murder site adds to evidence against him Galvao was arrested Friday on charges of land fraud and slavery He already faces a conspiracy to murder charge in connection with nun 's death Galvao has denied illegally obtaining land and being involved in Stang 's murder
Mental Floss  -- Whenever a message in a bottle is discovered on a beach or floating in the ocean , it feels like something out of a fairy tale . The idea that two people have made a connection that mathematics would say is virtually impossible gives us hope that life is more than a series of random events . Here are five stories of the almost unbelievable connections these messages have brought about . 1 . A soldier to watch over them When Josh Baker was 10 years old , he dumped an entire bottle of his mother 's vanilla extract down the sink . He then wrote a quick note that said , "  My name is Josh Baker . I 'm 10 . If you find this , put it on the news . The date is April 16 , 1995 . " He stuffed the note inside the empty extract bottle and threw it into Wisconsin 's White Lake . Life went on and , after high school , Josh signed up for the Marines . During his tour of duty in Iraq , he survived the dangers of fighting door-to-door in Fallujah and made it back home to the U.S. safe and sound . Tragically , shortly after his homecoming , Josh was killed in a car accident , leaving his family and friends devastated and asking the obvious question , "  Why ? " A few months later , Steve Lieder and Robert Duncan , friends of Josh 's , were walking on the banks of White Lake , when they saw something glimmer on the water . After fishing it out , they realized it was a vanilla extract bottle with a piece of paper inside . To friends and family , the message from 10-year-old Josh appeared when they needed it most . It felt as though he was reaching out , letting them know that he was watching , and trying to help them move on . This message of hope is currently displayed in the Bakers ' home as a constant reminder that their son is still with them , even though he 's gone . 2 . Love in a bottle Ake Viking was a lonely Swedish sailor who decided to place his search for love in the hands of fate . He wrote a simple letter "  To Someone Beautiful and Far Away , " corked it inside a bottle , and tossed it overboard in the hopes that it might help him find a young woman to marry . Two years later , in 1958 , he was surprised to receive a letter from a Sicilian girl , Paolina , who said , "  I am not beautiful , but it seems so miraculous that this little bottle should have traveled so far and long to reach me that I must send you an answer ... " The two began writing one another and , three years after he threw a bottle into the sea , Ake moved to Sicily to marry his very long-distance love . Mental Floss : Six lost treasures waiting to be found 3 . A ticket to freedom During a 1979 cruise to Hawaii , Dorothy and John Peckham passed the time by writing notes and throwing them overboard inside empty champagne bottles . They asked anyone who found one of their bottles to write them back , and even went so far as to include a $ 1 bill to cover the postage . On March 4 , 1983 , John 's 70th birthday , the couple received a letter from Hoa Van Nguyen . Nguyen , a former soldier in the Vietnamese Army , said he and his younger brother had found one of the Peckhams ' bottles as the two men were floating 15 kilometers from the shore of Songkhla Province in Thailand . They were braving the waters of the Pacific in a small , shallow riverboat in order to escape the Communist regime in Vietnam . When they saw the bottle , they felt as though a prayer had been answered , giving them the strength to carry on . After reading the letter , the Peckhams looked for Songkhla on a map and were shocked to find that the bottle had traveled 9,000 miles from Hawaii . The Peckhams corresponded with Hoa for years , sharing in his joy when they received a photo from his wedding , then again nine months later when they saw his newborn son . But most of all , they empathized with Hoa 's desire to give his family the best life he could . So when Hoa asked if the Peckhams could help his family move to the U.S. , they did n't hesitate . After months of working with U.S. Immigration , the two families finally did meet in 1985 , when a plane from Thailand landed in Los Angeles -- the Nguyens ' new home . 4 . The right fisherman In 1999 , Steve Gowan spotted something clinging to his fishing nets . It was a very old bottle containing two letters written by Pvt. Thomas Hughes , dated September 9 , 1914 . The first message asked the person that found the bottle to forward the second message to Hughes ' wife , Elizabeth . The note for Elizabeth was a nice , simple love letter , showing that his wife was in his thoughts as he made his way to France to fight in the early days of World War I . After reading the letters , Gowan felt a great personal responsibility to see that they found their way home , even though he assumed Mrs. Hughes had died long ago . He began searching for her descendants and soon learned that Thomas and Elizabeth Hughes ' daughter was still alive in Auckland , New Zealand . Sadly , Hughes died in battle shortly after he wrote the letters , so he never got to see Elizabeth , nor his 2-year old daughter , Emily , ever again . Due to her young age at the time of his death , Emily never knew her father , though she grew up listening to stories about him from her mother and cherishing his posthumously award medals . So when The New Zealand Post offered to send Gowan to Auckland to hand-deliver the bottle to Emily , he jumped at the chance to help her connect to this lost piece of her past . For Emily , the bottle was a great source of joy and comfort . She said her father 's message could n't come home "  until the right boat came along at the right time with the right fisherman . " Mental Floss : Why bottled water has an expiration date 5 . Laura Buxton , meet Laura Buxton Technically this is n't a "  message in a bottle " story , but it 's the same concept -- and the story is simply too good not to mention it . In June 2001 , Laura Buxton , who was almost 10 years old , released a red balloon into the air over her hometown of Stoke-on-Trent in Staffordshire , England . On one side of the balloon , she had written "  Please return to Laura Buxton , " and on the other side , her home address . A few weeks later , a man 140 miles away in Milton Lilbourne found the balloon stuck in the hedge that separated his farm from the next-door neighbors . He noticed Laura Buxton 's name and address and immediately took the balloon to the neighbors ' house , showing it to the 10-year-old girl who lived there ... whose name was also Laura Buxton . Laura Buxton from Milton Lilbourne wrote Laura Buxton from Stoke-on-Trent to let her know that she had found the balloon . Thinking this coincidence was simply too amazing to be true , they decided they had to meet in person . And that 's when things got really weird . On the day of the meeting , the two girls wore the same outfit -- a pink sweater and jeans . The girls were the same height , which was unusual because they were both tall for their age . They both had brown hair and wore it in the same style . They both had 3-year-old black Labrador retrievers at home , as well as gray pet rabbits . They both brought their guinea pigs , which were the same color and even had the same orange markings on their hindquarters . It was almost as though these two Laura Buxtons were the same person . The strange events surrounding their meeting have helped the girls form a strong bond , and they remain friends eight years later . Both feel the circumstances that brought them together are too significant to be written off as mere coincidence . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Writer : Some connections give hope that life is more than series of random events Months after man killed in accident , friends find message that he bottled as a child Swedish sailor ended up marrying a woman who answered his bottled message British girl 's message ended up with child with same name , age and many other similarities
CNN  -- Whatever the reason for its recent spate of problems , Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner wo n't fly again until regulators are satisfied the plane is airworthy . Reports of fire and smoke have put the focus on the plane 's cutting-edge lithium ion battery systems and grounded the fleet worldwide . Only 50 Dreamliners are in service so far , but the airlines that bought these multimillion dollar aircraft are losing money while they sit on the ground . Big questions remain : How long will it take to get the Dreamliner back in the air ? Will travelers feel safe enough to board them ? It 's going to be "  a big mess , cost Boeing a lot of money " and embarrass carriers that fly the 787 , said aviation historian David T. Courtwright , a professor at the University of North Florida . The Federal Aviation Administration on Wednesday ordered an emergency inspection of all U.S. 787s . United Airlines is the only U.S. carrier flying the aircraft , with six in its fleet . The airworthiness inspection will address the potential risk of battery fires . An in-flight fire aboard any aircraft is among the most dangerous aviation scenarios . Dreamliner woes explained Grounding a plane is rare It 's very rare for the FAA to order an entire model of airliner out of service , even for a short time . Industry observers remember that the agency grounded the entire U.S. fleet of DC-10s for 37 days in 1979 . That was after American Airlines Flight 191 crashed at Chicago 's O'Hare airport , killing all 271 people aboard and two others on the ground . An NTSB investigation blamed design vulnerabilities and an engine pylon maintanance procedure . "  I was just starting my career flying at Delta and had just flown out of that airport a few days before , ' said Kevin Hiatt , head of the Flight Safety Foundation and a former commercial pilot . "  It was a big , beautiful DC-10 . It was very , very distressing , " Several DC-10s were involved in crashes caused by maintenance , design and other issues in the 1970s and 1980s , spurring doubt about the plane 's safety . The last DC-10 to carry paying passengers flew in 2007 . The Dreamliner , of course , has n't crashed in its 15 months of service and is making its debut during a period of unprecedented U.S. aviation safety . Nonetheless , every day that Dreamliners are grounded ratchets up the pressure on Boeing , United and other airlines that have made commitments to buy the 787s . The battery that grounded Boeing A time frame for flying again So now , Boeing looks for answers . A time frame for getting back in the air is anyone 's guess , but the Dreamliner could be "  grounded another two weeks or two months , " said John Goglia , a former member of the National Transportation Safety Board and ex-airline mechanic . Experts will "  figure out what 's wrong , design a fix and build a part to fix it , " said Goglia . "  It 's not easy . " Even if Boeing engineers get lucky and find the answer to the problem now , it might still take at least a couple weeks "  to get up and running , " he said . With reports of problems continuing to plague the Dreamliner , Hiatt said the FAA did n't need to take any chances . "  They 're acting with an abundance of caution , " he said . "  They 're going to go ahead and be proactive and not have the same situation " as the DC-10 . Growing pains are n't unusual Other aircraft , including the Airbus A380 , have had problems during rollout , said University of Dayton professor Raul Ordonez , an aircraft electrical and computer engineer who spent time observing Dreamliner development at Boeing 's Seattle headquarters . It 's what often happens when a new aircraft is put into service . "  I know Boeing spent a lot of time testing things extensively , " said Ordonez . "  These are very complex systems ... and there may be problems they did n't anticipate . It 's one of the most complex commercial aircraft ever . " With problems appearing in a forward electrical compartment on Wednesday 's All Nippon Airlines  ANA  787 emergency landing , aviation historian Courtwright , author of "  Sky as Frontier : Adventure , Aviation , and Empire , " worried the situation is more serious than simply problems confined to the aft electrical bay . "  It raises the specter of something more systemic and perhaps a defective lithium ion battery , he said . The Dreamliner relies on electricity to power more functions than previous Boeing airliners , and that takes a lot of battery power . Lithium ion batteries replaced the traditional nickel cadmium batteries in the new aircraft . Lithium ion batteries keep a charge longer than nickel cadmium and weigh less , so the plane can save fuel . But there are questions about using lithium ion batteries because they 've never been used on an airliner to the extent that the Dreamliner uses them . All this regulatory turbulence is part of a painful but necessary process of airline development . "  That 's aviation , " says airline pilot Patrick Smith of the aviation blog Askthepilot.com . "  There 's a certain statistical aspect that you 're working with in that nothing is going to happen but the best thing is to take the plane out of service and take a time out . " CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	Grounding of aircraft model by regulators very rare , experts say The FAA grounded the DC-10 in 1979 for 37 days The time line for restoring service is uncertain , former airline mechanic says
London  CNN  -- The flare on a North Sea platform that has been leaking gas for nearly a week has extinguished itself , energy giant Total said Saturday . There had been fears the flare could ignite the escaping gas at the Elgin platform , about 150 miles  240 km  east of the Scottish city of Aberdeen , potentially causing a huge explosion . Total said it had received the first indication that the flare might be out at lunchtime on Friday . This was subsequently confirmed by a second surveillance flight later that afternoon , the company said in a statement . "  Our sea vessels on location reported no further flare activity through the night , " it added Saturday . Total said Friday that it was ready to push ahead with two operations intended to stop the leak , following five days during which the site had remained stable . "  The first is to pump heavy mud directly into the well and the second is to drill relief wells to intervene at the source of the gas flow , " Total said . The firm is "  mobilizing all means to allow these options to be implemented , " it said . Total has two drilling rigs in the area which will be used to drill the relief wells , it said . The company , which is still investigating the cause of the leak , estimates that 200,000 cubic meters of gas a day are escaping . "  The gas cloud is fairly small in size and prevailing winds are blowing it away from the platform and dispersing it , " Total said . "  An exclusion zone around the platform has been set up by the UK authorities taking into account a wide safety margin . " Scottish Environment Secretary Richard Lochhead said Friday he had stressed the need for "  absolute transparency " from Total and the British government with regards to the situation . While the current environmental risk "  continues to be minimal , " he said , the authorities will continue to be vigilant . Nearly 240 workers were taken off the rig as the problem developed Sunday . Two nearby rigs were also partially evacuated by Shell . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	The flare on a North Sea platform that has been leaking gas has gone out , Total says There had been fears the flare could ignite the clouds of escaping gas Gas has been leaking from the platform off the Scottish coast since Sunday Total is starting work on a plan to stop the leak , including drilling relief wells
Rolling Stone  -- Even with just 10 tracks and no session details , this companion to Martin Scorsese 's 2011 documentary deserves a brass -- band welcome . Six outtakes come from the presumptuous stages of George Harrison 's 1970 triumph , "  All Things Must Pass , " including a sweet -- Nashville reading of "  Behind That Locked Door , " "  My Sweet Lord " as acoustic hosanna and a demo of the title song that betrays its roots in the band 's frontier hymnal . The Bob Dylan and Everly Brothers covers have more sheen but also the intimate grace of the quiet Beatle 's seventies solo prime . This set 's subtitle suggests there are more rarities to come ; based on the quality here , I propose a full -- blown Anthology . See full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The new album is a companion to the 2011 Scorsese documentary on Harriosn Six of the 10 outtakes from from Harrison 's 1970 album All Things Must Pass There are Bib Dylan and Everyl Brothers covers
CNN  -- A harrowing United Airlines flight Friday over the Pacific Ocean was forced to land on remote Midway Island because of what an FAA official said was an electrical odor on board . The United Airlines plane , carrying 335 passengers and 13 crew on a Boeing 777 , was flying from Honolulu to Guam when it was forced to land and spend seven hours on the Pacific atoll , said United spokeswoman Mary Clark . A replacement aircraft later carried everyone back to Hawaii on Friday , she said . When explicitly asked Saturday whether the disturbing smell was smoke or something burning , Clark described the incident as an odor in the cabin . A passenger , Karen von Merveldt-Guevara of Sedona , Arizona , said the pilot spoke of smoke and failure to the radar and other systems . "  The captain said there was smoke in the cockpit and the radar failed and other electronic systems were failing , so they had to land . I think they landed old-school . They did an amazing job to get there safely , " Merveldt-Guevara said . "  At one point there was one drop of about 40 feet . After that turbulence , it got really silent . I thought everybody was praying , and we were coming in on the wings of faith . We were all praying , " Merveldt-Guevara told CNN . She said an odor emanated even before the plane took off . But the jet took flight any way before being diverted to Midway Island , a U.S. territory known as home to a World War II battle . United is now investigating the plane , a Boeing 777 . The new jetliner is one of the most sophisticated in aviation , Clark said Saturday . United could n't comment on further details , such as the purported radar failure , because its investigation is ongoing , Clark said . Passengers : ` They should not have let us go ' Von-Merveldt said that passengers were told before the flight began that there was an odor in the cockpit . Some people left the plane , but Merveldt-Guevara decided not to because she was with 25 people traveling together to a big family gathering in Guam . "  I 'm just digesting it , " she said Sunday in a telephone interview . "  I think they should not have let us go from the plane from Honolulu . They told us they had a problem with a smell in the cockpit . "  We had 25 family members on board , and that made me think it was OK to stay , " she added . After all , she thought , her airplane ticket was a last-minute gift given to her a week earlier . "  I thought this was godsend , this was meant to be . I was thinking this ca n't go wrong ! " she said . In fact , the flight takeoff was delayed in Honolulu for three hours , during which the plane sat on the tarmac , she said . "  Then they let us go , and I thought it did n't feel right , but hey , " she said . But during the flight while everyone was asleep , Merveldt-Guevara overheard a conversation of a passenger with a flight attendant who said the plane was returning to Honolulu . "  When more people woke up , they made an announcement . I could understand they did n't want mutiny . First we thought it was of a storm hitting Guam . Then the smell got worse in the cabin , and I started to gag because of the smell of chemicals . The attendants were busy . In between they would communicate saying they were busy in the cockpit trying to figure things out , " Merveldt-Guevara said . US Airways crew members fall ill again , forcing second diversion in two weeks On Midway Island A video shows people fanning themselves with leafs of paper inside the cabin , apparently after the plane landed . In the video , a voice on the intercom tells the passengers : "  Midway is not an island that has hotels and things . It 's just a diversion airport . What they 're offering is they have gymnasium here that you can all go to if you like and they have chairs and things . We can put you there until we figure out what exactly is going on . They will open up their stores so you can get something to eat . " The video then displays passengers getting off the plane and walking the tarmac in the middle of the night . Inside the gym , passengers sat on chairs or rested on the floor . At the end of the video , the passengers cheered when addressed by a man in the top bleachers . Apparently , they were about to get off the island . A new flight , 2105 , flew the passengers to Guam , where they landed Saturday , Clark said . FAA spokesman Allen Kenitzer described the odor aboard the plane as an "  electrical smell " in the cabin or cockpit . On Sunday , Merveldt-Guevara expressed relief that the journey was over . "  I thought let 's just be grateful . Let 's savor the moment , " she said . But she said her luggage still had n't arrived in Guam . American flight from London forced to sit on Tulsa tarmac after engine issue Pilot buys pizza for delayed passengers Evacuation slide deploys midair on United flight Plane makes unscheduled landing in Phoenix over ` erratic ' passenger CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	A Boeing 777 plane from Honolulu to Guam is diverted to Midway Island A passenger says many got off plane before takeoff because of smell "  The captain said there was smoke in the cockpit " during flight , she adds "  I started to gag because of the smell of chemicals , " she says
CNN  Here we wo n't go again . No Mitt Romney 3.0 . No "  third time 's a charm . " No invoking Ronald Reagan 's two failed presidential campaigns . No 47 % , car elevators or dog on the roof . No Bain Capital . No Olympics . The media can say goodbye to a plethora of story lines as it prepares to cover the 2016 presidential race . But other than mourning the  substantial  loss of some well-tread fodder , the announcement that Mitt Romney will not be running for president a third time does little to change the 2016 outlook for Republicans . There 's still an establishment candidate in Jeb Bush , if he runs . And the rest of the very deep Republican bench -- with the possible exceptions of Sen. Marco Rubio and Gov. Chris Christie -- would have run whether Romney was in it or not . But the absence of Romney in the field is a big loss for Democrats , who were not-so-secretly hoping he 'd throw his hat in one more time . Proof that they were salivating over the opportunity was President Obama 's open mockery of Romney at Thursday night 's speech to House Democrats : "  We 've got a former presidential candidate on the other side who suddenly is just deeply concerned about poverty . That 's great ! Let 's go ! Come on ! Let 's do something about it ! " It 's pretty rich that the sitting president who has presided over a widening of the income gap and a worsening of poverty would take a shot at anyone else who tried to offer solutions . And he was n't alone . Obama 's former campaign advisers , as well as New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and plenty others in the media piled on the criticism of Romney 's anti-poverty message . Again , Democrats ca n't brag that their policies have helped . And , they could very well nominate another multimillionaire who has had just as much difficulty explaining her wealth to ordinary Americans in Hillary Clinton . So on its face , it would seem a dangerous gamble to attack Romney for trying to address poverty . But that 's how confident Democrats are that their 2012 narratives successfully and decisively defined Romney as an out-of-touch plutocrat . Yes , they are living in glass houses -- and they are stockpiling stones . I 've heard from dozens , if not hundreds of people who watched the Netflix documentary "  Mitt " and said , if only we 'd seen that Romney in 2012 . But that 's just it -- the Mitt that actually exists , the one we see in the film and know off the campaign trail , is no match for the Mitt that the left has created . It is written . It is fact . It is history . It 's also a shame , because the Mitt that actually exists would have been a formidable candidate and might have been a great president . But it 's a lesson to the rest of the 2016 Republican field : Do n't get defined early , and do n't save your best material for the after-party .	S.E. Cupp : Democrats were very eager for Romney to run She says they will have to discard the "  47 percent " and "  car elevator " attack lines
CNN  -- An Egyptian judge sentenced 21 people to death Saturday for their roles in a football game riot last year , a ruling that sparked deadly clashes between security forces and relatives of the convicted . The Port Said football incident left 74 people dead and 1,000 others injured . Soon after the sentencing in the nation 's worst stadium disaster , protests erupted outside the prison in the northeastern port city . Clashes outside Port Said prison left at least 20 civilians and two soldiers dead and dozens injured , a hospital official told state TV . The armed forces sent troops to secure public buildings and restore calm in Port Said , according to state media . The fatal clashes started after some relatives attempted to storm the building to free their loved ones , Brig. Gen. Osama Ismail , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry , told state-run Nile TV . Crowds outside the prison fired guns and hurled rocks at the security forces , who in turn used tear gas to disperse the crowd , Ismail said . "  There is a state of anger on the streets of Port Said , and the security forces are on high alert , " Nile TV reported . The sentences were handed down in a packed courtroom in Cairo as victims ' relatives and those convicted wept . "  I thank God that justice is back in the courts of Egypt . Many mothers will sleep sound tonight knowing justice is served , " the mother of Mustafa Issam , who was killed in the riots , told Nile TV by phone . The sentences must be reviewed by Egypt 's highest religious authority , who will return his opinion to the court March 9 . On that day , an additional 54 defendants in the case will also be sentenced , the judge said . Dubbed the "  massacre at Port Said " by Egyptian media , the riot broke out on February 1 , 2012 , after Port Said-based Al-Masry defeated Cairo 's Al-Ahly , 3-1 . When the clashes began , about 22,000 people were inside the stadium , which can hold up to 25,000 people . About 2,000 Al-Ahly fans were at the game , authorities said . Fans from both sides bashed each other with rocks and chairs . Many of those who died fell from the bleachers during the melee inside the stadium , while others suffocated . It was unclear whether intense sports rivalries or political strife sparked the riots , though witnesses said tension was building through the game with Port Said fans throwing bottles and rocks at players on the Cairo team . During Egypt 's revolution that ended with the toppling of Hosni Mubarak , football fans became a powerful force for political change , according to CNN contributor James Montague , who wrote the book "  When Friday Comes : Football in the War Zone . " Even so , the riots occurred at a time when Egypt was struggling with a security vacuum following Mubarak 's ouster . In the hours after the riot in Port Said , protesters in Cairo chanted , "  Down with military rule . " At the time , the secretary-general of the Muslim Brotherhood party blamed Egypt 's military for the deaths . Egypt 's interior ministry blamed fans for provoking police . Witnesses said police did little to try to quell the clashes .	NEW : Clashes outside Port Said prison leave 22 dead Known as the "  massacre of Port Said , " 74 people were killed in the riot The violence occurred at the conclusion of a football match in Port Said last year The sentences were handed down in a packed courtroom
Kremlin critic Mikhail Khodorkovsky arrived in Germany after Russian President Vladimir Putin released him Friday following more than 10 years in prison , the German Foreign Ministry said . Khodorkovsky 's son , Pavel , told CNN in a text message that he flew to Germany to meet his father . In a statement following his release , Khodorkovsky said he asked Putin to pardon him on November 12 , "  and I am glad his decision was positive . " He further said "  the issue of admission of guilt was not raised " in the discussion . He went on to personally thank those who followed his case and supported him and said he was "  constantly thinking of those who continue to remain imprisoned . " "  I am very much looking forward to the minute when I will be able to hug my close ones and personally shake hands with all my friends and associates , " he said . "  I will welcome the opportunity to celebrate this upcoming holiday season with my family . I wish everyone a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year ! " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry welcomed Khodorkovsky 's release . "  The United States strongly encourages Russia to pursue reforms that establish a transparent , independent and reliable judicial system that upholds its commitments to human rights , the rule of law and non-discrimination , " Kerry said . Putin signed an amnesty decree for Khodorkovsky , a former Yukos oil tycoon , earlier in the day . The signature came a day after Putin announced that he planned to pardon Khodorkovsky . The oil magnate , who backed an opposition party , had been in prison since 2003 and was convicted in 2005 of tax evasion and fraud . He was due for release in 2014 . Former German Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher apparently was involved in the release , saying he met twice with Putin to discuss the case . Genscher also arranged the flight on a private jet from Russia and picked Khodorkovsky up at the airport in Berlin . "  He is doing well considering the circumstances , " Genscher told Caren Miosga of CNN affiliate ARD in Germany . "  He looks forward to seeing his family again in a few hours again . I heard his conversation with his family members in the car , although I don ´ t speak Russian . It was still moving . This is understandable because he had to suffer for 10 years . " Russian tycoon 's prison sentence cut by two years Speaking to reporters Thursday , Putin said Khodorkovsky had written a letter appealing for a pardon , citing humanitarian factors . A statement Thursday on a website set up in support of Khodorkovsky said that it could not confirm plans for a pardon but "  all of his family and supporters would of course be elated to see him finally free after ten years of imprisonment . " Putin 's announcement came a day after Russian lawmakers backed a sweeping amnesty law . The amnesty , to mark the anniversary of the adoption in 1993 of Russia 's post-Communist constitution , will be applied to thousands of Russian prisoners , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . It comes at a time when Russia 's human rights record is in the spotlight , as the country prepares to host the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi in February . Russia has faced international criticism for its treatment of Khodorkovsky , once Russia 's richest man , with countries including the United States accusing it of selective prosecution and abuse of the legal system . He has said his prosecution was part of a Kremlin campaign to destroy him and take control of the company he built from privatization deals of the 1990s .	U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urges reforms in Russian judicial system Mikhail Khodorkovsky thanks his family and supporters in statement President Vladimir Putin signed a decree pardoning Khodorkovsky The former oil magnate and Kremlin opponent had been in prison since 2003
London  CNN  -- Several hundred attempts were made to hack the cellphones of aides to princes Charles , William and Harry , the trial of two of Rupert Murdoch 's former senior executives has heard . A News International "  private wire " -- which routed desk-based landlines through a mobile phone number -- was used 296 times by News International private investigator Glenn Mulcaire in an attempt to access phone messages of Mark Dyer , the heir to the UK throne 's private secretary , Detective Constable Richard Fitzgerald told the Old Bailey court on Thursday . And between October 2005 and August 2006 there were 416 attempts to hack the voicemail of Jamie Lowther-Pinkerton , private secretary to princes William and Harry . The claims were made in the trial of former News Of The World editors Rebekah Brooks and Andy Coulson , who are accused of conspiring between October 2000 and August 2006 "  to intercept communications in the course of their transmission , without lawful authority . " They deny the charges . Other former employees of the tabloid , which closed down in 2011 , Stuart Kuttner , Greg Miskiw , Ian Edmondson , Neville Thurlbeck and James Weatherup , are accused with them . Thurlbeck , Weatherup and Miskiw have pleaded guilty . Mulcaire was convicted of phone hacking in 2006 , and has already pleaded guilty to hacking charges in the current case . Earlier jurors were shown whiteboards taken from Mulcaire 's office and home that featured telephone numbers , mobile phone networks ' passwords and names , such as tennis player Venus Williams and Rebekah Wade , Brooks ' maiden name . The boards contained messages to avoid certain members of staff who worked for mobile phone networks . At the start of the trial jurors were played a tape of Mulcaire obtaining PIN numbers from mobile phone providers by pretending to be someone else such as an engineer , a practice known as "  blagging . " Giving evidence in the trial , Fitzgerald said voicemail messages could be intercepted easily in the early part of last decade . Asked by the prosecution if this was due to a security failure of mobile phone network providers , Fitzgerald said : "  I 'd agree they were clearly not sufficient . " Hacking guide Earlier in the day Fitzgerald gave jurors an insight into how to hack a mobile phone . The first way was to dial the cellphone number of the target ; if it was engaged or turned off then the phone would go to voicemail . You could interrupt a greeting , Fitzgerald said , by pressing the * , # or 9 keys and listen to messages by entering a default PIN code , such as 3333 or 1010 depending on which UK phone network the hacking target was on as many users rarely changed these . If the hacker called the same number with two phones , the first call would make the line "  engaged " putting the second call straight to voicemail . The first phone could even be set to terminate the call before the target was aware that they had been called . An alternative was to dial a number that directly accessed a person 's voicemail , Fitzgerald said . The hacker could then access messages by entering a code ; again these were often not changed from the cellphone 's original default setting . As well as being accused of conspiring to intercept communications , Brooks , Coulson , Kuttner , Miskiw , Thurlbeck and Mulcaire face an additional charge of intercepting the voice mail messages of British schoolgirl Milly Dowler , who went missing and was later found murdered in 2002 . Brooks , her husband , Charlie Brooks , and her former personal assistant Cheryl Carter also face a separate set of charges of conspiring to obstruct the police investigation into phone hacking . They were charged in May 2012 , along with Brooks ' former driver , a security guard and members of security staff from News International -- the then parent company of News of the World -- with attempting to pervert the course of justice . The hacking scandal prompted British Prime Minister David Cameron to set up an independent inquiry , led by Lord Justice Leveson , to make recommendations on journalistic ethics and examine the relationship of the press with the public , police and politicians . The trial resumes on Wednesday .	Several hundred attempts were made to hack mobile phones of aides to UK princes Claims were made in trial of News Of The World ex-editors Rebekah Brooks , Andy Coulson Earlier in the day jurors were given an insight into how to hack a mobile phone
CNN  -- In 2000 , only 11.7 percent of Fortune 500 's board members were women . Today , that figure is still disappointingly low at just 16.9 percent . Heather McGregor , a former investment banker turned headhunter , thinks she might know why this is . As managing director and principal shareholder of the executive search company Taylor Bennett , she recently wrote "  Mrs Moneypenny 's Careers Advice for Ambitious Women . " Speaking at this year 's Names not Numbers conference , an event where CNN International was a media partner , McGregor explains that the sooner women accept that they ca n't have it all , the better . "  The biggest challenge to women in the workplace that still has n't changed is the level of unconscious bias . So people have in their minds that they would prefer not to hire or promote a woman and they do n't even realize that they feel like that . I know as a headhunter that if I propose two candidates of equal skills , maybe they 're both in their mid thirties , one 's a man and one 's a woman , and the woman has recently gotten married , assuming there 's nothing else to choose between them , the employer will choose the man and that 's even if the employer is a woman . " "  The best careers advice I 've ever received myself , which was so good that I wrote a whole book based on it , is that the way we can smash the myth of the glass ceiling is to smash the myth that women can have it all . To really pursue a career is no different to pursuing your gold medal in the Olympics . You have to make choices and they 're not always easy . In my experience , if you try and do everything well what will end up happening is you will end up disappointing everyone . Much better to disappoint a very small number of people and everybody else is not disappointed , and furthermore supportive of you and your career . " "  People still think that women are not going to be as reliable a hire as a man , especially in those mid years . It 's a sad truth today , and I hope this will change , that women have to not just be as good as a man , but better . Because if you 're faced with two people and one of them is a 35-year old woman with a wedding ring , and she 's noticeably better than the man , you 'll still hire the 35-year-old woman with a wedding ring . "	Only 16.9 percent of Fortune 500 's board members are women McGregor explains that a man will get hired over a suitable women if she recently married Women have to be noticeably better than men to get ahead
CNN  -- Elytte Barbour said Wednesday that his teenage bride 's assertion she 'd killed more than 22 people -- including one allegedly with him -- has n't changed the way he feels about her . "  I still love her , " Barbour said . Barbour talked exclusively with CNN from a secure line at the Columbia County Prison in central Pennsylvania , where he 's awaiting trial -- along with his 19-year-old wife , Miranda Barbour -- after police alleged the couple lured a man using a Craigslist ad , strangled and stabbed him 20 times , then dumped his body . Since then , Miranda Barbour told a newspaper reporter that she had killed more than 22 but fewer 100 people over the past six years . Based on that information relayed to Daily Item reporter Francis Scarcella , she would have killed a different person every three weeks to three months , on average , starting around age 13 . If true , this would make Miranda Barbour one of the United States ' most prolific serial killers . Northumberland County , Pennsylvania , District Attorney Tony Rosini , the prosecutor who is aiming to convict the Barbours in the 2013 Craigslist killing of 42-year-old Troy LaFerrara , has discounted her claims . And Alaska State Troopers have said her claims do n't bear out in that state , one of several  with Texas , North Carolina and California  where Miranda Barbour told the Daily Item she had killed . In his jailhouse interview , 22-year-old Elytte Barbour acknowledged , "  Everyone wants to know about her credibility . " Asked whether his wife was upfront with him regarding specific names or locations of the alleged murders , Barbour said , "  It was about 50/50 . " He declined to comment on whether her confessions are valid . Elytte Barbour did speak , though , about his own interactions with authorities . "  Let 's put it this way : I 've been more than cooperative with every police force I 've had contact with so far , " he said . While saying it "  would n't be best " to discuss certain things , Barbour did say that he planned to meet with federal authorities "  in the coming week or two . " "  It seems like I have my life or death on the line right now , " he added . According to a police affidavit in connection with LaFerrara 's November 2013 death , Miranda Barbour initially denied knowing him only to later confess after being presented with evidence police had gathered . So , too , did her husband . "  The defendant stated that they committed the murder because they just wanted to murder someone together , " police said , referring to Elytte Barbour . The couple face a host of charges -- including criminal homicide , which is similar to first-degree murder -- tied to LaFerrara 's death . The father of Barbour 's 1-year-old child is dead , and police in Sunbury , Pennsylvania -- the small city located 130 miles northwest of Philadelphia where LaFerrara 's body was found in a backyard -- have said that is part of their investigation . Among claims that authorities have to corroborate is Miranda Barbour saying she was involved in Satanism . That assertion raised questions among attorneys , missing persons experts and even a representative of the Church of Satan , the nation 's largest satanic body . "  Thorough investigation will likely demonstrate that this cult story is fiction , " said Peter Gilmore , the New York-based head of the Church of Satan . CNN 's Chris Welch and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Elytte Barbour talks exclusively to CNN from a Pennsylvania prison He and his wife , Miranda , are accused of killing a man they met via Craigslist Miranda has since told a reporter she killed at least 22 people since turning 13 Asked about details of what his wife told him , Elytte Barbour says "  it was about 50/50 "
CNN  -- Mexican federal police rescued 51 migrant hostages who were being held in northeastern Mexico , the country 's public security ministry said Tuesday . The hostages were found Monday inside a house in the city of Reynosa , across the border from McAllen , Texas . The operation followed the rescue of 68 hostages the previous week , also in Reynosa . The city is about 90 miles north of the town of San Fernando , where authorities recently uncovered 177 bodies from mass graves . Many of the bodies are believed to be those of bus passengers who were kidnapped . San Fernando is also where the bodies of 72 migrants were found last year . Among the rescued people this week , police identified 27 Mexicans , 14 Guatemalans , two Hondurans , two Salvadorans and six Chinese . Two people were arrested in connection with the earlier rescue , but no one was taken into custody for Monday 's discovery . The state of Tamaulipas , where Reynosa and San Fernando are located , is the site of a bloody battle between rival drug cartels . The Gulf cartel and Zetas cartel used to work together , but split more than a year ago and are now fighting for control of lucrative smuggling routes into the United States .	Federal police rescued 51 hostages in Reynosa , Mexico They rescued another 68 hostages last week The area is the site of a war between rival drug cartels
CNN  -- Rapper T.I. walked out of a federal prison Thursday to return to an Atlanta halfway house where he will spend the last 14 days of an 11-month prison sentence for a parole violation , his lawyer said Thursday . T.I. was taken to the U.S. penitentiary in Atlanta two weeks ago when Bureau of Prisons officials cut short his furlough just a day after it started because they believed he violated his furlough agreement . When T.I. walked out of an Arkansas prison on August 31 , he tweeted , "  The storm is over & da sun back out . " A cloud , however , quickly rained on the rapper 's freedom parade . Prison documents obtained by CNN showed prison officials objected to his manager and a reality TV producer riding with him on a luxury bus on the trip from the Federal Correctional Center in Forrest City , Arkansas , to Georgia . They quickly removed him from the halfway house , where he had expected to spend the last month of his sentence , and relocated him to the Atlanta prison . Defense lawyer Steve Sadow pushed federal prison officials to reconsider , pointing out that the furlough agreement did not specifically state others could not ride with the popular hip-hop artist , whose real name is Clifford Harris Jr. . "  We have good reason to believe that this favorable result was reached because of the proactive and assertive approach taken to protect T.I. 's rights by providing BOP  Bureau of Prisons  officials and the media with reliable and accurate information that T.I. did not intend to violate his transfer furlough or any other BOP rules en route from the prison facility in Arkansas to the halfway house in Atlanta , " Sadow said Thursday . It was initially believed prison officials objected to his use of a luxury tour bus for the trip from Arkansas to Georgia , but the furlough agreement T.I. signed specified only that he would travel in a "  POV , " a privately owned vehicle . He will leave the halfway house and begin a yearlong probation term on September 29 , Sadow said . The rapper served two stints in the Arkansas prison . He was there for seven months in 2009 as part of a sentence negotiated two years ago to resolve federal gun charges . Those charges followed his attempt to buy three machine guns in the parking lot of an Atlanta grocery store . His latest time behind bars was triggered by his arrest , along with his wife , after a motorcycle officer stopped their car on Sunset Boulevard in Beverly Hills , California , a year ago . A police report said suspected drugs were found in the couple 's car and they were both arrested on drug charges . The charge against the rapper was later dropped , but he failed a drug test given by his parole officer . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report	Prison official reverse their decision , let T.I. resume his furlough , lawyer says The rapper 's sentence ends September 29 , but probation begins , lawyer says T.I. will spend the next two weeks in an Atlanta halfway house He was sentenced to 11 months for violating parole on a weapons conviction
CNN  -- Last month a small pocket of marshland in Little Egg Harbor , New Jersey , was saved from development . The local online newspaper , the Sandpaper.net , celebrated the preservation of Grassle Marsh -- named for a leading authority on the larvae of surf clams - and its populations of kingfishers and fiddler crabs . This week , Little Egg Harbor , on the shore of Ocean County , was pulverized by Superstorm Sandy . Homes were turned into debris fields ; boats were tossed into the marshes or piled on top of each other . One quiet ceremony , one catastrophic storm . Both symbolize a national dilemma , as the headlong migration to America 's coastlines clashes with rapidly changing climate patterns and more powerful storms . Experts warn of superstorm era to come Ocean County typifies what has happened along the East Coast . In 1970 it had 208,000 inhabitants ; in 2010 there were 576,000 , according to census data . That made the cost and extent of the damage inflicted by Sandy much greater . Nationwide , the scale and speed of the rush to the coast has been stunning . According to The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , the population of coastal shore-line counties will reach 133 million by 2020 , compared to 33 million in 1980 . Much of the development has occurred in coastal communities most vulnerable to hurricanes and tropical storms . According to U.S. Census Bureau data , the coastal populations of states from Virginia to Texas grew 244 % between 1950 and 2006 . Opinion : Jersey Shore , I 'll miss you They are even higher in the summer months with the influx of tourists . One-quarter of all seasonal or second homes are in coastal Florida , and more than 60 % of homes and buildings within 500 feet of the shoreline are on the Atlantic and Gulf coasts . As population density has grown and land values risen , the preservation of natural features has become more difficult . Grassle Marsh was saved thanks to a 1.2 cent tax that the people of Ocean County approved in 1997 to preserve open spaces . It also helped that it adjoined the Jacques Cousteau National Estuarine Research Reserve , a federally funded sanctuary of marshes , barrier islands and bays . The reserve is a natural sponge -- like the mangrove swamps in the Gulf of Mexico -- for absorbing storm and tidal surges . And officials with NOAA , which runs the reserve , say it coped well with Sandy 's onslaught , despite a storm surge of 6 feet . New Jersey coastal town turned to "  devastation " But such havens are a rarity on the Northeast Coast , and there are only 28 estuarine reserves across the country . Coastal development projects , meanwhile , continue apace . Just last week , a $ 100 million resort development was announced for Kingsland , a few miles from the coast on the Georgia-Florida border . The site , adjacent to an estuary , will occupy 575 acres and include a hotel , conference center , water adventure park and movie complex . It also may create as many as 800 jobs . The importance of tourism to employment and the tax base of many coastal communities makes for fierce arguments pitching the science of sea-level rise against development . North Carolina 's senate recently voted to ban the state from using projections from its own science panel on sea-level , which forecast a rise of 39 inches by 2100 , in development decisions . Instead it approved a much lower calculation of 8 inches . The vote , advocated by 20 coastal counties , was subsequently overturned . The searing experience of Sandy , following Katrina , Irene and other major storms in recent years , will likely raise more questions about the wisdom and scope of coastal migration and development , especially as many climate scientists expect the intensity and size of storms to increase , and their geographic reach to extend northward . The construction of roads and buildings has encroached on coastal forests and wetlands . Half of America 's coastal wetlands have been lost , the majority over the last 50 years , according to a federal advisory committee that reported in 2009 . On the Atlantic Coast , the average erosion rate is 2 to 3 feet a year ; in the Gulf of Mexico , 6 feet . The forecast rise in sea level , water temperature and acidity is likely to damage more coastal habitats . The U.S. East Coast is made more vulnerable by the fact that the coastline is gradually sinking . But is there any way to mitigate the effects of development ? New satellite data reveals sea-level rise Forty years ago , Congress passed a law called the Coastal Zone Management Act . It empowered NOAA to preserve and where possible restore the natural features of the U.S. coastline . The Jacques Cousteau Reserve in Ocean County , New Jersey , was one of the areas funded by the act . The program has spent about $ 1 billion of federal money to acquire and run these reserves , but that 's a sum dwarfed by the damage inflicted in just four hours this week . According to a 2010 report by the Congressional Research Service , some two-dozen initiatives in Congress to increase funding for the program have been rejected . States have begun introducing laws that require setbacks for construction to take account of erosion . They also have been establishing commissions on climate change to advise on building regulations and zoning . NOAA has joined with local communities to explore the impact of development , using the estuary reserves as educational tools . But a federal advisory committee that reported in 2010 warned : "  It is clear that there are limits to how much adaptation can achieve ... in the future , adaptations will be particularly challenging because society wo n't be adapting to a new steady state but rather to a rapidly moving target . " Chesapeake Bay might be described as ground zero of this phenomenon . It has lost 500 islands in three centuries , at least a dozen of them inhabited , as the coastline has sunk and the sea level risen . Two years ago , the last house on what had been Holland Island crumpled and slipped beneath the waves . A century ago the island had nearly 400 residents . Scientists from the University of Maryland in 2008 said that during the 21st century carbon dioxide concentrations in the bay could increase by between 50 % and 160 % ; sea-level could rise between 0.7 and 1.6 meters , and water temperature by 2 to 6 degrees Celsius . Opinion : Climate change is real They stressed that we are in uncharted territory and much will depend on the level of CO2 emissions -- and the future of development . But the Bay 's delicate ecosystem will undoubtedly be affected , with its vital eelgrass at risk and cold-water species vanishing . Some are already observed to be retreating north . Rather than the health of eelgrass , it 's likely that hard cash and cold fear will influence human behavior . As coastal communities have become more crowded , so the cost inflicted by hurricanes , storms and storm surges has risen exponentially . The 1926 hurricane that hit Miami caused about $ 76 million in damage at today 's prices . In 1995 , Hurricane Andrew , which was no bigger , inflicted $ 17 billion in damage , according to figures from NOAA . Insurance companies have taken flight -- for example , pulling out of many coastal areas in Florida , where the state is now the insurer of last resort . Total government exposure to storm-related losses in coastal states has risen more than 15-fold since 1990 to $ 885 billion last year , according to the Insurance Information Institute . The Munich RE insurance group says North America has seen higher losses from extreme weather than any other part of the world in recent decades . Not all had to do with coastal events . But a year like 2005  which included Hurricanes Katrina , Wilma and Rita  comes with a price of $ 60 billion in insured losses . That 's the sort of number that drives up premiums . In a report last month , Munich RE said : "  A main loss driver is the concentration of people and assets on the coast combined with high and possibly growing vulnerabilities . " Risk Management Solutions , which models catastrophic risks , recently updated its scenarios , anticipating an increase of 40 % in insurance losses on the Gulf Coast , Florida and the southeast over the next five years , and 25 % to 30 % for the mid-Atlantic and northeastern states . Those calculations were done pre-Sandy . Pockets of discontent among signs of recovery after Sandy Getting more people out of harm 's way is also a daunting challenge . As population density grows , so evacuation routes come under greater pressure . One out of Atlantic City this week was blocked by a stranded houseboat . More powerful storm surges threaten a wider area farther inland . And while forecasting the track of hurricanes has improved dramatically , forecasting their intensity has not . Hurricane Opel in 1995 went from a Category 1 to a Category 4 in just 20 hours . This week , many people in the coastal townships of Ocean County were stunned by the speed and force of the surge . One resident told CNN how the water level rose from a couple of inches to waist height within an hour . Another recounted how a boat crashed into their porch , and then driven like a battering ram by the waters demolished their garage . In Brigantine , the owner of a marina said 50 of the 90 boats there had been scattered across the neighborhood . Several homeowners lamented their lack of adequate flood insurance and their now tattered dreams of retiring to the shore . It 's a fair bet that many households along the northeast coast will purchase such insurance -- through the National Flood Insurance Program -- in the coming months . After Irene the number of homeowners in the region with flood insurance rose from 5 % to 14 % . Of the millions of people with jobs , businesses or vacation homes on the coast , or who just find the lure of the shore irresistible as a place to live , few will likely pack up and seek higher ground because of Sandy . They can buy insurance . But if the scientists are right , peace of mind might come at a premium . Powerless in New Jersey CNN 's Sandra Endo contributed to this report	Migration to U.S. coastlines clashes with rapidly changing climate patterns Growth means storms like Sandy bring much higher price in damage The preservation of natural features along coastlines has become more difficult
CNN  -- The newest iPads could make their debut later this month . Apple is planning an October 22 press event to show off the latest additions to its iPad line , according to AllThingsD 's John Paczkowski , confirming an earlier report in Current Editorials . The announcements are expected to include a redesigned , thinner iPad and a Retina display iPad Mini . The devices would likely pack in the usual incremental improvements that mark each new generation of Apple mobile devices , including better cameras and faster processors . Apple 's fancy new fingerprint technology might also make an appearance in the new iPads . Apple has held a press event every October since 2010 , announcing products that ship just in time for the holiday rush . Last year , Tim Cook introduced the iPad Mini , the full sized iPad with Retina display , and some new Macs . It would not be unusual for the company to mix in some Mac news with the iPad announcements . The new Mac operating system , OS X Mavericks , was announced in June at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco . The final version of the operating system has already shipped to developers , and it 's likely it will be made available to the public soon after this press event . Other Mac news could include the latest Macbook Pro and Mac Mini updates and a release date for the all new Mac Pro .	Report says Apple plans October 22 iPad event Company could unveil an iPad Mini with retina display and a thinner full-sized iPad Apple holds press events in October to get new products out in time for the holidays
CNN  -- Italian giants Juventus have completed the signing of Brazil playmaker Diego from German Bundesliga club Werder Bremen in a $ 34 million deal . Brazil playmaker Diego , right , has completed his $ 34 million move to Juventus from Werder Bremen . The 24-year-old , who missed the recent UEFA Cup final defeat against Shakhtar Donetsk because of suspension , has penned a five-year contract with the Serie A giants . "  I am enthusiastic and delighted to be a part of such a prestigious club , " said Diego , whose contract at Werder Bremen was due to run until June 2011 . "  I have dreamed of this moment since I was a child . Diego joined three seasons ago from Porto and his Werder farewell will be in the German Cup final against Bayer Leverkusen at the weekend . "  After an experience in Portugal and in the Bundesliga , I will be able to prove my worth at a high level but difficult competition , " he added . "  It is the right time for me to take this important step and I am convinced that at Juventus I will be able to achieve great results . " Last week , Juventus announced that Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro is rejoining them after three years at Real Madrid . News of Cannavaro 's return came less than 24 hours after the club sacked coach Claudio Ranieri and replaced him with former player and youth coach Ciro Ferrara . Ferrara 's appointment had an immediate impact and Juventus are now level on points with AC Milan in second position after a 3-0 weekend victory at Siena . It was their first win in eight matches and guaranteed them Champions League action next season . The 35-year-old Cannavaro was voted world player of the year after leading Italy to World Cup glory in 2006 and has helped Real to achieve two title triumphs during his stay in Spain .	Italian giants Juventus have completed the signing of Brazil playmaker Diego The 24-year-old is leaving German club Werder Bremen in a $ 34million switch Juve said last week Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro will rejoin from Real Madrid
The drama is real for "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " co-star Phaedra Parks , whose husband faces charges in a fraud scheme that a federal agent says stole millions of dollars . Apollo Nida , who appears on the reality TV series with Parks , was arrested last week following a year-long investigation by the U.S. Secret Service , according to the criminal complaint . Nida , who served five years in a federal prison for auto title fraud before marrying Parks in 2009 , allegedly set up several fake collection companies as part of the scheme , Special Agent Alexandre Herrera said in a sworn affidavit . But the only thing the collection companies collected was the personal information of people that Nida used to get fraudulent auto loans , according to the complaint . The break in the case came in September , when federal investigators arrested Gayla St. Julein , a woman who "  described herself as Nida 's ` right hand b **** ' in executing the legwork of his fraud schemes , " the complaint said . St. Julien , who previously served prison time for identity theft , told agents that Nida "  only paid her ` scraps ' " for her work , compared to the amount of money he made from the fraud schemes , " the filing said . She turned on him and agreed to let agents record their phone calls , it said . Nida "  knowingly and willfully execute and attempt to execute a scheme to defraud federally insured financial institutions by depositing stolen and fraudulently obtained checks and fraudulently obtained auto loan proceeds into bank accounts opened in the stolen identities of real persons , and conspire with others to do so , and knowingly convert to his use and the use of others stolen and fraudulently obtained United States Treasury Checks , " Agent Herrera said . Nida 's fake companies fraudulently signed up with "  LexisNexis , Equifax , and Mircrobilt databases " to steal personal information on people . Along with the fraudulent auto loan checks , Nida stole U.S. Treasury checks , "  retirement checks issued to Delta Airlines employees , and checks in the names of real people that were owed unclaimed property from various state and federal government agencies , " the complaint said . Agents recorded phone calls St. Julien made to Nida during which he discussed details of pending fraudulent auto loans and "  details of future auto loan checks that he was expecting to receive any day now from in the mail , " the affidavit said .	Apollo Nida appears on the reality TV series with wife Phaedra Parks Nida allegedly set up fake companies to steal personal info Feds accuse Nida of stealing millions with identify theft Nida spent five years in prison before marrying Parks
Editor 's note : John Feehery has worked as a staffer for former House Speaker Dennis Hastert and other Republicans in Congress . He is president of Feehery Group , a Washington-based advocacy firm that has represented clients including News Corp. , Ford Motor Company and the United States Chamber of Commerce . He formerly was a government relations executive vice president for the Motion Picture Association of America . John Feehery says the way to oppose President Obama is with new ideas , not with rhetoric . CNN  -- As I watched President Obama conduct a town hall meeting in Strasbourg , France , the other day , a chilling realization crossed my mind : I like the guy . This might be a surprise coming from a partisan Republican who also does some work as a lobbyist .  Obama seems to dislike my profession with special intensity . But it should n't be . There is much to like about him . He has a winning smile . He is unself-consciously hip . He is smart . He has self-confidence without being overly smug . He has married well and has two "  perfect " daughters  his words , not mine  . Obama also has an inspiring life story , and his election to the highest office in the world represents the best possibilities of the American dream . I also want Obama to succeed . Unlike Rush Limbaugh , if Obama can get my 401  k  back to life , if he can get health care costs under control , if he can stop pollution , if he can get the manufacturing sector back on its feet , if he can make our country more secure while regaining for America the moral high ground , if he can find the cure for cancer and bring peace , love and understanding to the world , I am all for it . I am also willing to pay a few extra bucks in taxes for that success , if I can get some economic growth in return . And I am not alone in my feelings . Obama 's personal approval ratings are still high , and most Americans simply love his family . Internationally , the president 's ratings are off the chart . So , how do I square my approval of the president personally with my disapproval of his policies ? How can I like Obama but not the Obama White House ? For example , I think the president 's budget will lead to inflation or even possible bankruptcy for the nation . I understand the difficult choices that he has tried to make , and I understand the desire to get everything done right now . But governing is about choosing , and the system ca n't do everything at once . I also disagree with his attack on the lobbying profession . Lobbying the government is protected under the Constitution , because what lobbyists do is petition their government on behalf of the people . Are there some lobbyists who are corrupt or crooked ? Sure there are . But most lobbyists , like most politicians , do it the right way , and they serve a vital function of providing expertise to both the private sector and to the public sector . Philosophically , I do n't agree with the president . He is a collectivist , where I believe more in individual responsibility . He is a Keynesian , where I am a supply-sider . He is pro-choice . I am pro-life . But I still like him . And I think many of my fellow Republicans on Capitol Hill are stuck in the same trap . They like the man , but do n't like the policies . They hope , for the sake of the country , that he is successful , but have their real doubts that his policies will work . And because they are the loyal opposition , they are stuck , in this 24-hour cable news and talk radio culture , saying things about him that make them seem shrill and out of touch . What makes it worse is that , according to the polls , Americans have much more faith in Obama and the Democrats now than they do in the GOP . Here are some suggestions about how Republicans can square the circle , how they can express their admiration for the man and even some of the goals of this administration , without rolling over on the policy front : 1  Accept every social invitation from the president . When he invites you to watch the Final Four , go the White House and watch the Final Four . When he wants to buy you a beer , go ahead and buy him a beer back . Let the public know that you appreciate their appreciation for the president , and that while you might disagree with him on policy , you like hanging out with him on occasion . 2  Never miss an opportunity to compliment the president and his family for something they have done that puts America in a good light . Root for them . If the first lady represents the country well when she meets the French premier 's wife , or if the president does a good job talking to students overseas , applaud them . Do n't look for reasons to pick on things that do n't matter . 3  Agree with certain policy goals . Yes , all children should have access to health care . Yes , we need to have 21st-century schools . Yes , we should have clean water and clean air . Yes , we need to create more jobs . We may have a different approach , but we agree with the goals to make America a better place to live . 4  Create and then market your own ideas . The key to beating Obama is not by vilifying him  in my opinion  . The key to beating Obama is in coming up with superior ideas to transform the government and to make America a better place to live . Republicans should come up with plans that insist on transformational change of the government bureaucracy , that require greater accountability from failing school districts , that target the high costs caused by frivolous medical lawsuits , that highlight job-killing union contracts and that insist on total transparency in government spending . Reacting to the president 's proposals puts Republicans in a tough spot . Having the president react to our proposals puts him on the defensive . Some will say that this "  play nice " strategy will backfire on Republicans ; that the only way to beat Obama is to stoke fear and attack his character . Others will accuse me of going soft on a Democrat who quite clearly does n't share the values of most Republicans . But I think there is far greater risk for the Republican brand in not acknowledging what Obama 's election means historically , and not appreciating how his example is not only good for Democrats but for the country at large . Tearing this president down is not the way for Republicans to regain a majority coalition , although some pundits and talk show hosts will be tempted to do just that . Instead , Republicans should allow themselves to like the president , just as they fight against his policies . And as they fight his policies , they should do all that they can to market their own ideas so that the American people understand that the Republicans have positive alternatives that will make our country stronger , safer and more prosperous in the future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Feehery .	John Feehery : Most Americans like Obama and his family He says he wants Obama to succeed but opposes his policies Feehery says the way to oppose Obama is not with rhetoric , but with ideas He says tearing the president down wo n't get the GOP a winning coalition
Bolivian President Evo Morales said he is expelling the U.S. Agency for International Development from his country for allegedly meddling and conspiring against the government . "  USAID is out ; I ask the foreign minister to immediately communicate with the U.S. Embassy , " Morales said in a speech Wednesday , according to the state-run ABI news agency . According to USAID 's Bolivia website , the agency has operated there since 1964 . It says it carries out health , sustainable development and environmental programs in the country . The agency says its 2011 budget for Bolivia was $ 26.7 million . The State Department called the decision regrettable and said the ones who will be hurt by the expulsion will be ordinary Bolivians . "  We deny the baseless allegations made by the Bolivian government , " State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said of the accusations that the agency meddled in Bolivian affairs . After Morales ' announcement Wednesday , Bolivia 's foreign minister called the U.S. Embassy in La Paz to inform officials of the decision and said USAID would be given a "  reasonable " amount of time to end operations , which employ nine Americans and 37 Bolivians , Ventrell said . Bolivia and the United States have had diminished relations since September 2008 , when each country expelled the other 's ambassador . Morales , a strong proponent of the cultivation of coca plants -- the source of cocaine -- expelled the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration a month later . He also delivered a strong verbal criticism of the U.S. government at the United Nations General Assembly that year . The order to expel USAID appeared to be off-the-cuff , but it 's not the first time it 's been suggested . In 2011 , an influential Bolivian official accused the agency of "  destabilizing " the government and called for its ouster . "  The expulsion of USAID should be ... an act of sovereignty , " Juan Ramon Quintana , director of a Bolivian government development agency and a former top presidential aide , said at the time . The move is also in protest of a comment made by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry at a hearing in Washington last month , Morales said . In response to a question about Latin America , Kerry told lawmakers that "  the Western Hemisphere is our backyard . It 's critical to us . " To many in the United States , the reference to "  backyard " would mean that the Western Hemisphere is a neighbor . But Morales took offense , apparently interpreting the phrase as derogatory toward Latin America 's place in relation to the United States . A history of U.S. policy toward Latin America that asserted American dominance over the region made Kerry 's phrase stinging to some . The phrase "  America 's backyard " harkens back to the Monroe Doctrine , which considered Latin America under the influence of the United States . "  We may be a small country , but we deserve respect , " said Morales , stating his offense to being called the "  back patio " of the United States . Ventrell said Kerry did not intend to offend anyone with his remarks . "  It 's about us being neighbors , " he said .	U.S. calls allegations by Bolivian president "  baseless " Was a comment by Kerry partly responsible for Bolivia 's expulsion of USAID ? Morales made the announcement , then told his foreign minister to contact U.S. U.S.-Bolivia relations have been strained for years
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- A U.S. citizen was shot to death Sunday in a confrontation with the Mexican military at a checkpoint in Guerrero state , U.S. and Mexican officials said Monday . U.S. officials said they have received conflicting reports as to whether Joseph Steven Proctor , 32 , fired at the Mexican military first . Proctor died , the U.S. State Department said , when he either tried to drive through the roadblock and the military shot at him or he opened fire as he drove through the checkpoint and soldiers shot back . Records indicate Proctor recently lived in the metro Atlanta , Georgia , area and has relatives in New York . A woman who answered the telephone at his New York address and who identified herself as Proctor 's mother said she was waiting to hear from U.S. officials as to what happened . The woman , who was crying gently , declined to give her name . Asked if she had heard reports that her son had fired at the Mexican military , she answered , "  I 've heard that . I do n't believe that . " The woman said she did not know how Proctor died . "  I need their information , " she said . "  I want to find out what happened . " A spokeswoman at the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City said local officials were investigating the circumstances of Proctor 's death , "  which are still unclear . " Rodolfo Gomez Fernandez , an official with the Guerrero state prosecutor 's office , said "  it appeared to be true " that Proctor had been shot by the Mexican military . Proctor 's body was found around 2 a.m. Sunday inside a red pickup truck on the federal Acapulco-Zihuatanejo highway near the town of Cerrito de Oro , the government-run Notimex news agency reported . The state of Guerrero , on Mexico 's southern Pacific coast , is home to Acapulco , a popular tourist destination . CNN 's Laurie Ure and Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	Joseph Proctor , 32 , was killed at a military checkpoint in Guerrero state There are conflicting reports as to whether the man fired at the military first A woman who identified herself as Proctor 's mother said she did not know how he died
CNN  -- Would you buy a secondhand car from Li Tian You ? You probably do n't have a choice . For more than 10 years , she has been selling used cars in Dongguan , a factory town in southern China , and she knows every trick in the book . "  I 've already sold four cars today . No , five , " she says as she guides us through the Dongguan Used Cars Trading Center , which mainly sells Western and Japanese cars . Now , she is looking to score her sixth sale of the day . "  This Volkswagen is very good , " she says as she opens the door to a 2006 Jetta Sedan , starts the engine and offers me a seat . Loud Chinese pop music starts pumping from the sound system . "  It has only had one previous owner , " she continues , "  And that was me . So I know it 's a good buy . I promise . " Asked about the price , she immediately shaves off 15 % -- just for me -- to RMB 68,000  $ 10,900  , and continues the pitch . "  Volkswagen is very safe . This is the best car if you have a family . " "  But if you want to find a new girlfriend , you buy a Mercedes-Benz , " she says with a wink . In with the old It 's not only at Dongguan Used Cars Trading Center that business is booming . All across the country small and big car markets are popping up in response to the growing demand . Secondhand cars used to be a hard sell in China as owning one is associated with settling for less . But things are rapidly changing as drivers realize they can get a decent car for a reasonable price when they buy secondhand . Last year , the number of used cars in China increased by 8.6 % to 5.2 million units , while the turnover grew 10.6 % to RMB 291 billion , according to the China Automotive Distribution Industry And Automotive Aftermarket Report . There 's plenty of room for further growth . Today , used vehicles make up only 19.1 % of total car sales volume in China , compared with 72.4 % in the United States . Nasdaq-listed China Auto Logistics , which buys and sells imported cars , has identified used cars as a market with long-term growth potential . It is transforming a newly acquired 26,000-square-meter auto mall in Tianjin into a flagship site for its used car business . "  Used cars sales have become a much bigger slice of the auto sales pie in China , and we see a major opportunity for Car King Tianjin in the years ahead , " said CEO Tong Shiping in a statement this month referring to China Auto Logistics ' used car flagship store . A used car salesman Liu Xiao Mei , CEO of Antong Used Cars in Dongguan , says business has been good over the last decade as Chinese drivers increasingly upgrade to new cars and sell their old ones . "  When we started the company in 2004 , it was just a very small shop . But it has grown bigger and bigger . Things look bright , " says Liu . Her company focuses on high-end used cars and has more than 100 vehicles gleaming in the parking lot . Today , she has an unbelievable offer , an almost brand new Mercedes-Benz E260 that has only run 100 kilometers , for no more than RMB 438,000 . "  The former owner lost all his money at the casino in Macau and had to sell it . He never had the chance to drive it , " she says and slashes the price by another RMB 18,000 in the hopes that I will buy it . "  What makes our company different from all others is that we promise that our customers get the perfect car , " she says . "  Shall we step into my office ? " It 's hard to cast aside stereotypes of used car salespeople having a loose relationship with the truth . During our quest to buy a used car in China , we found that the market is quite opaque . First , it 's extremely fragmented . Some used car markets are as big as football stadiums , packed with countless dealers and brands of varying quality . But more commonly , shops are tiny , with just a few cars parked by the side of the road . Often there are no staff manning the shops . Customers must call a phone number and normally -- but not always -- a salesperson comes running . Since the market is young , price comparison is difficult . A number of peer-to-peer mobile apps and websites have been launched to serve as a benchmark for pricing , but finding accurate and consistent information is still a problem , which makes it easier for dealers to push their margins . Safety first A bigger concern though is that a large share of the used cars on offer have a road accident record . The first thing many car dealers in Dongguan say to costumers is "  this car has not been in an accident " or "  this one has been in an accident but is totally safe now . " Vincent Yin , a 30-year-old businessman from Dongguan who is having his car valued at Antong Used Cars , says that buying used cars in China is a gamble . "  Many of the cars are of very bad quality . Old cars sometimes get a superficial facelift with new paint to hide rust and scratches . How they look on the inside is difficult to know . I never trust a car dealer . " Yin is particularly wary of cars that were made by Chinese brands as they have a reputation for being unsafe . "  I believe Chinese cars often do n't pass the NCAP test . Chinese car manufacturers hate this test , " says Yin , referring to the New Car Assessment Program , the European car safety crash test . The first time a Chinese car earned the full five stars in the test was in late 2013 . It was a Qoros 3 compact sedan . Yin 's advice to anyone buying a used car is to visit the markets , check prices online , and ignore the salespeople . "  If you have friends in the police force , ask them to check up the car 's accident report . Then you give the dealer an offer , " he says .	Last year , the number of used cars in China increased by 8.6 % to 5.2 million units Used vehicles make up only 19.1 % of total car sales in China , compared with 72.4 % in the U.S. The Chinese used car market is opaque , with smooth-talking salespeople and a wide price range Local driver warns against safety issues with used cars
LONDON , England -- Models younger than 16 should be banned from catwalks during London Fashion Week over fears that some girls are developing eating disorders because of their work in the industry , fashion experts have recommended . British model Lily Cole , now 19 , shot to fame in 2003 at the age of 15 . She attracted attention for her thin build . The new rules were proposed after a panel of experts in the UK began investigating health problems among models in the wake of the size zero debate . However , the guidelines fall short of banning stick-thin girls from the catwalk . The independent Model Health Inquiry said Wednesday in its interim report into models ' working conditions that a greater level of protection for 17 - and 18 year-olds was needed , including chaperoning at shows . The panel said models under 16 were particularly vulnerable . It mentioned the risk of children being sexually exploited when they were made to represent adult women . It also called for a rigorous scientific study into the prevalence of eating disorders among fashion models and outlined a positive case for setting up a union for the modeling profession . During the inquiry , panel members heard from many models who described the fear of not being selected for work because they were not thin enough , according to Panel chairwoman Baroness Kingsmill , the UK 's Press Associated reported . "  The panel has set out an approach designed to protect vulnerable young workers in an industry which appears to be glamorous but which has hidden risks and that for all practical purposes is largely unregulated and unmonitored , " Kingsmill said . "  During our investigations members of the panel became increasingly concerned as we heard more details about the working conditions faced by many models and the vulnerability of young women working in an unregulated and scarcely-monitored work environment . "  We have been given startling medical evidence about the prevalence and impact of eating disorders in certain high-risk industries . Working conditions for models are far from transparent and there is a worrying lack of information about the overall profession . " The panel ruled out weighing all models because it had been ineffective in other countries , PA said . However , they want more information on whether a minimum body mass index  BMI  requirement of 18.5 should be introduced for London Fashion Week models . This approach has already been adopted by Madrid fashion week . It called on the British Fashion Council which owns and runs London Fashion Week to develop new best-practice standards for model agencies . After gathering responses to its interim report , the inquiry will publish its final report in September , along with a final set of recommendations , ahead of the next London Fashion Week . Agencies should arrange medical checks including screening for eating disorders when they first put a model on their books . This should be followed by annual check-ups , the panel said . The College of Psychiatrists told the panel that models with a BMI of below 18.5 -- which means they are underweight -- should be banned from the catwalk , but other respondents said BMI did not help identify the eating disorder bulimia nervosa . Last year , models with a BMI of less than 18 were banned from taking part in Madrid Fashion Week . Doctors use the index , which is a ratio of height to weight , to calculate the healthy size for an individual . Recent controversy over skinny models was sparked in August 2006 , when Uruguayan model Luisel Ramos , 22 , died of heart failure after not eating for several days . Her death was followed in November by that of Ana Carolina Reston , a Brazilian model who suffered from anorexia . The debate about the U.S. size zero was caused by celebrities dieting down to the super-thin size . E-mail to a friend	Panel : Under 16s too vulnerable to work as models , recommends catwalk ban Reports says 17 - and 18-year-olds also vulnerable , need chaperoning Inquiry launched in wake of size zero debate Deaths of two models , who died in past year , blamed on weight issues
Editor 's note : The n-word appears in this piece because CNN feels the context in which it is used is pertinent to the story of James "  Little Man " Presley . James "  Little Man " Presley has worked in the cotton fields of Sledge , Mississippi , since he was just 6 years old . SLEDGE , Mississippi  CNN  -- James Presley stands amid chopped cotton , the thick Mississippi mud caked on his well-worn boots . A smile spreads across his face when he talks about voting for Barack Obama and what that might mean for generations to come . His voice picks up a notch . He holds his head up a bit higher . "  There 's a heap of pride in voting for a black man , " he says . At 78 , Presley is a legend of the past living in the present and now hopeful for the future . A grandson of slaves , he 's one of the few men left in America so closely tied to his slave past , still farming cotton on the same land as his ancestors . He 's picked cotton since he was just 6 years old . He and his wife of 57 years , Eva May , raised 13 children and six grandchildren in a cypress-sided house in the middle of cotton fields in northwestern Mississippi . He was a sharecropper most his life , but rarely qualified for food stamps . Watch "  Obama , he come up like " " His father died in 1935 when he was 5 , and he had to step up and be the "  Little Man " of the house , a nickname that has stuck seven decades later . He 's lived a raw-knuckled life where hope moved at a molasses-slow pace . The last time he had hope for a better future was four decades ago -- first with President John F. Kennedy and then with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . Obama has changed everything to the poor in these parts . iReport.com : What does Obama 's presidency mean to you ? "  I 'm a church man , " he says . "  And I kind of figured this here is about like it was with Moses with the children of Israel . On that day , when he gets to be president , we 're all going to be rejoicing . " Does he have plans to celebrate on Inauguration Day ? "  Oh man , it 's gon na be nice . I believe we 're gon na have a good time , " he says . "  I never thought one would get there . " See photos of the weather-beaten home where Little Man raised so many children " As the nation prepares for Obama 's inauguration on January 20 , CNN.com traveled to Sledge , Mississippi , a forgotten town of about 500 people in the heart of the Mississippi Delta that some consider to be the birthplace of blues in America . Nearly 20 percent of residents over the age of 60 live below the poverty line , according to the 2000 census . That number nearly doubles , to 37.5 percent , for residents under the age of 19 . About three-quarters of the population are black . Two-thirds of the people here make less than $ 35,000 a year . Presley says the fact the nation will have a black president will have a ripple effect in poor communities like his . For the first time ever , he says , black parents and grandparents can tell youngsters in rural America that through education , anything is possible -- that the White House is n't just for white folks . Three of his children graduated from college . Two have died -- one as a youth , one as an adult . It never gets easier , he says , no matter what age they die . Obama has already brought inspiration to future generations of his own family . "  I might be dead and gone , but it 's going to be a good thing to me , because I know that they ai n't got ta go through what I went through . They 'll have a better time , a more joyous time , than what I had when I come along . It is gon na be grand to them and to me , too . " "  He knows what it is to come up without a father and what it is to come up for what you work for , " Presley says . "  Me and the poor man coming up , we had to work for what bread I got . " Presley shifts back and forth on his feet as he speaks . His flannel shirt and oil-stained jeans seem befitting of his life on the farm . He peers out from a camouflage hat , the fuzzy ear flaps pulled up over his head . He speaks in an accent as thick as the mud on his boots . His hands speak to decades of hard labor . His fingers appear swollen with overworked muscles . The skin seems about a quarter-inch thick . If his hands could speak , he says , "  They 'd be crying , instead of talking , for what they 've been through . " "  You see how rusty and rough they are . They 've been through something , ai n't they ? " At 6-foot , 2-inches and 214 pounds , Presley has what seems an odd nickname . "  They call me Little Man , " he says . He wears the nickname with pride . The youngest of three sisters and four brothers , he says that after his father died in 1935 , he became the "  Little Man " of the house . "  I was tall , but I was small . So they called me Little Man , " he says . He does n't remember much about his father . He ca n't recall the day he died or the sound of his voice . He was too young . He never met his slave grandparents either . They died long before he was born . But the fact they were slaves still stings . "  That does n't make you feel too good , you know , to be sold like a cow . But back then , they could n't help it . So I reckon I 'm just glad that things come out better like it is now . " A thick fog hangs over the fields on this day . Presley pauses . He scans the fields and says , "  I think about the good times and the hard times . " "  When I started farming , we planted with hands ... and hauled it to the gin by wagon , a mule and a wagon . One bale at a time , " he says . He worked the fields when he was 6 , the age of a typical kindergartner these days . "  I was making 50 cents a day , from sunup to sundown . " "  Back then , you know , I did n't get no schooling . I had to get out , come home and break the land , cut the stalks , plow the land and get it ready for the crop . " Presley has a total of four years of education , classes that he took in between growing seasons . His mother taught him to read and write , but he admits even to this day he struggles with both . When it comes to life as a black man -- a sharecropper -- in Mississippi , he says it 's tough to explain how difficult it was . He points to a nearby bluff and says that when he was just a boy , a black man was lynched from a tree . "  I never saw him hanging up there , " he says . "  All I seen was the tree . " Blacks were segregated from whites . They could n't go to the same schools . They had separate water fountains . Blacks could n't go in the front doors of businesses . And just about everywhere you went , he says , racism was rampant . "  You go into a place , and they say , ` Nigger , get outta here . ' You do n't want nobody telling you that . You 're a citizen around town . If you 're a citizen , I 'm a citizen like you , " he says . "  It makes you feel mighty bad . " "  When I was a young boy , they was bad about that , calling you that . " He registered to vote for the first time in 1959 and cast his first presidential ballot for Kennedy . He says he 's voted in every presidential election ever since . "  We felt like we were moving on up when we voted for him , " he says . When Kennedy was assassinated , "  everybody was kind of sad on that day , because he looked like the first president that had come in and was trying to help the poor folks . " King brought hope , too . "  He was the only hope that we were looking for -- to bring us out , " Presley says . But when King was killed on April 4 , 1968 , he says , it "  put us right back where we was . " "  It was pitiful that day , " he says . "  Everybody around here was in mourning . " He says Obama has brought inspiration to blacks in these parts , the likes of which has n't been seen since 1968 . "  With Obama coming in , it 's gon na be another Martin Luther King helping us , " he says . "  Maybe in the next 40 years , we 'll be better off . " He says Americans should never take their voting rights for granted . He was 30 years old before he first voted . "  It means a lot to me , because I can put in for who I want to be president and who not to be president , " he says . "  So I just feel proud that I can vote . " Before parting on this day , Presley gives a tour of the weather-beaten , four-bedroom house where he raised his 13 children and six grandkids . The wood-framed house was the first home he ever lived in with running water , a bathroom and electric stove . The now-abandoned house is dilapidated , many of its windows broken , its doors barely hanging on hinges . "  I 've had a good life , despite the hard times . I sure did , " says Presley , who is retiring after 72 years of working the fields . What 's his message to the world ? "  The important thing in life is to try to live and do the best you can , " he says . "  We done had it bad . Let us help give our children a better life , our grandchildren , our great-grandchildren . Let 's try to give them a better life than we had . But anyway , just keep the good work going , is all I say . "	James "  Little Man " Presley , 78 , has worked cotton fields since he was 6 years old "  There 's a heap of pride in voting for a black man , " says the grandson of slaves His dad died when he was 5 ; Obama "  knows what it is to come up without a father " His message : "  The important thing in life is to try to live and do the best you can "
CNN  -- Twin brothers David and Jason Benham have lost their opportunity to host their own HGTV show . The brothers ran afoul of the network after the site Right Wing Watch published a post about the pair , labeling David Benham as an "  anti-gay , anti-choice extremist " for reportedly leading a prayer rally in 2012 outside of the Democratic National Convention held in Charlotte , North Carolina . The site posted a recording of Benham talking to a talk show host about "  homosexuality and its agenda that is attacking the nation " and "  demonic ideologies " taking hold in colleges and public schools . Benham also discusses the fight for North Carolina 's Amendment One , which involved a ban on same-sex marriage and civil unions in the state constitution . The Benham brothers were the planned stars of the HGTV show "  Flip It Forward , " set to premiere in October , in which they would have helped families purchase homes they otherwise could not afford . An April press release described the planned show this way : "  After a decade of flipping houses for profit , brothers David Benham and Jason Benham now help families buy the homes they never thought they could afford . In each episode , the guys help a deserving family find a fixer-upper and transform it into their forever home -- with a healthy dose of sibling rivalry between the brothers along the way . " But after the post went public , HGTV tweeted , "  HGTV has decided not to move forward with the Benham Brothers ' series . " Thursday night , Jason Benham told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " that HGTV had vetted the pair . "  When they -- a year and a half ago -- saw some of the footage where my brother was saying the things he was saying , they spoke with us . "  They got to know us a little better and then they made a judgment call , recognizing that David and I have no hate in our heart for anyone . "  We 've been running a successful real estate company for the last 11 years and we help all people . There is no discrimination , " said Jason Benham . His comments were echoed by his brother . "  We love all people . I love homosexuals . I love Islam , Muslims , and my brother and I would never discriminate . Never have we -- never would we , " said David Benham . "  Never have I ever spoken against homosexuals , as individuals , and gone against them . I speak about an agenda . And that 's really what the point of this is -- is that there is an agenda that is seeking to silence the voices of men and women of faith , " he added . The brothers believe HGTV was bullied into its decision because of the media firestorm . "  It was too much for them to bear and they had to make a business decision , " David Benham said . Earlier , the brothers released a statement : "  The first and last thought on our minds as we begin and end each day is : have we shined Christ 's light today ? Our faith is the fundamental calling in our lives , and the centerpiece of who we are . As Christians we are called to love our fellow man . Anyone who suggests that we hate homosexuals or people of other faiths is either misinformed or lying . "  Over the last decade , we 've sold thousands of homes with the guiding principle of producing value and breathing life into each family that has crossed our path , and we do not , nor will we ever discriminate against people who do not share our views . "  We were saddened to hear HGTV 's decision . With all of the grotesque things that can be seen and heard on television today you would think there would be room for two twin brothers who are faithful to our families , committed to biblical principles , and dedicated professionals . If our faith costs us a television show then so be it . " There is also a YouTube video of David Benham speaking at a "  celebration " of a closing of an abortion clinic in 2013 . Website GlobalFlare.com , which emphasizes "  positive news and entertainment , " called it a "  smear campaign " against the brothers . The organization Faith Driven Consumer , which started a campaign in support of Phil Robertson of "  Duck Dynasty , " has launched #FlipThisDecision , a petition aimed at reinstating the HGTV show .	NEW : The brothers tell CNN they believe HGTV was bullied into its decision NEW : "  We love all people . I love homosexuals , " says David Benham He was quoted as making remarks against homosexuality Pair said : "  If our faith costs us a television show then so be it "
CNN  -- The attorney representing George Zimmerman , who is charged with killing an unarmed , black teen , is no stranger to high-profile cases and TV cameras . Mark O'Mara gained notoriety in Florida for defending a man who killed a woman during a high-speed chase and then later as a legal commentator during the Casey Anthony murder trial . "  Mark knows how to handle the media . But he 's also not a media hog , " said CNN legal analyst Mark NeJame who has gone up against O'Mara in the courtroom . "  He 's going to go out and say and do what 's appropriate on behalf of his client . " Blog : Updates on charges and arrest as they unfolded O'Mara is expected to make his first court appearance Thursday with Zimmerman , who faces a second-degree murder charge in the February 26 shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in the suburban Orlando community of Sanford . Attorney expected to ask for bail O'Mara told CNN on Thursday that while he is concerned about Zimmerman 's safety , he needs his client out of custody "  to assist me in going over all the evidence and preparing our defense . " He said he was n't sure whether a bond request would be heard Thursday and noted he has only had 16 hours to prepare for the hearing . Read charges against Zimmerman  PDF O'Mara , who has spent nearly 30 years practicing criminal and family law in central Florida , replaces Craig Sonner and Hal Uhrig as Zimmerman 's attorneys . They told reporters Tuesday that they had lost contact with their client and no longer represent him . The same day , O'Mara questioned the attorneys ' statements -- in his role as a legal analyst on Central Florida 's WKMG Channel 6 . "  I think that was a little problematic , " he said . "  You 're not supposed to talk about a client 's case , for the most part at all , and yet they answered dozens of questions . " Asked about Uhrig 's statement that Zimmerman may have "  post-traumatic stress , " O'Mara said Thursday , "  A diagnosis like that should be made by a professional psychologist or psychiatrist . I 'm not going to make a diagnosis like that . "  He is stressed . He 's tired . He 's been through a lot with the way this case has been handled to date , " O'Mara said of his client . "  I 'm just hoping his mental health stays well , and we can move forward with getting the case figured out . " A collection of public documents in Trayvon Martin shooting On Wednesday , O'Mara told reporters that Zimmerman 's family contacted him after referrals from other lawyers . Hours later , Zimmerman surrendered to authorities , and O'Mara stepped in front of a sea of television cameras . "  We voluntarily surrendered him to law enforcement , with the realization that the charges were going to come , and he did that , again , voluntarily , and we 're trying to work out the best way to keep this as calm as we can , " he said . What happens next in case Zimmerman has said he killed Martin in self-defense after the teen punched him and slammed his head on the sidewalk , according to Sanford police . Martin 's family says Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , racially profiled the youth , who was black , and ignored a police dispatcher 's directive not to follow him . Last month , O'Mara told WKMG that the shooting could be legally justified under Florida 's "  Stand Your Ground " law , which allows people to use deadly force anywhere they feel a reasonable threat of death or serious injury . "  Other people call it the license to murder statue because it does n't require actions to avoid the confrontation , " he said . "  If you can present evidence or at least your own testimony that  you  felt in fear that he was going to commit great bodily injury or death , that is what kicks in the statutory protection that you 're allowed to respond with deadly force . " In 2004 , O'Mara defended Shamir Suber , who was charged with second-degree murder for plowing into the back of a car and killing 20-year-old Sara Phillips while trying to evade police during a high-speed chase . Suber was convicted of the lesser charge of DUI manslaughter in the death of the University of Central Florida nursing student , a case that underscored the risks of high-speed police pursuits . O'Mara 's website says before becoming a criminal defense attorney , he worked as a criminal prosecutor . "  He knows how to defend you because he knows how they will prosecute you , " it said . Meet prosecutor Angela Corey Zimmerman was alone Wednesday when he turned himself in to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement 's office in Jacksonville , said department spokeswoman Joyce Dawley . "  There 's a lot of issues and there 's a lot of emotions , and we need to calm this down , " O'Mara said . "  It needs to be tried in a courtroom , which is the only place it 's supposed to be tried , and that 's what I 'm going to try help get done . " O'Mara graduated from Florida State University College of Law in 1982 and passed the Florida bar that same year .	Mark O'Mara worked as a legal commentator during the Casey Anthony trial He was as a criminal prosecutor before becoming a criminal defense attorney O'Mara defended a man who killed a woman trying to evade police in high-speed chase
