Washington  CNN  -- The Senate rejected a Republican measure Wednesday to expand offshore oil and gas drilling in U.S. coastal waters , signaling a continued partisan stalemate over energy policy and , more specifically , how to respond to rising gas prices . The bill was defeated in a 42-57 vote . Sixty votes were required for passage . Five Republicans -- Alabama 's Richard Shelby , Louisiana 's David Vitter , Maine 's Olympia Snowe , South Carolina 's Jim DeMint , and Utah 's Mike Lee -- voted against the bill . One Democrat , Montana 's Max Baucus , did n't vote . On Tuesday , the Senate rejected a Democratic measure to strip major oil companies of about $ 20 billion in tax subsidies over the next 10 years and use the savings to pay down the federal deficit . Among other things , the GOP bill would have required the Interior Department to complete a number of offshore lease sales in the Gulf of Mexico and off the coasts of Virginia and Alaska . It also would have extended lease terms by one year for Gulf contracts suspended by the drilling moratorium imposed by the Obama administration in the wake of the Deepwater Horizon oil disaster . The GOP bill would have established a 30-day review period for drilling permit applications , and allowed for default approval if an application was n't rejected within 60 days . The Interior Department would have been required to provide a rationale for rejecting a permit application . "  At a time of near-record gas prices , this is a modest approach , a good first step that takes everyone 's concerns into account so that we can actually achieve a practical result , " said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . "  It 's time to stop holding Americans back with moratoriums , fees , bureaucratic roadblocks , and the ever-expanding reach of a president who seems to think that business owners in this country need to get his permission first if they want to create jobs . " Top Democrats argued that the GOP plan would do little to ease the country 's long-term energy crisis . "  We ca n't lose sight of the fact that our great country uses more than 25 % of the oil  consumed in the world  on any given day , and we have less than 3 % of the oil reserves , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said Tuesday . "  We need to do everything we can to increase domestic production , but there 's a limit to what we can do , " Reid said . The Republican measure "  on its face does n't make a lot of sense , " he said . The Natural Resources Defense Council , a nonprofit environmental group , called the bill a "  misguided attempt to expand drilling and weaken safety and environmental oversight . " Some senators from oil-producing states argued the bill did n't go far enough . Republican Vitter and Sen. Mary Landrieu , D-Louisiana , claimed it would actually "  slow down the permitting process instead of streamlining and accelerating it . " The bill "  would add an unnecessary and burdensome new layer of regulation regarding containment plans just when energy companies have figured out how to comply with the administration 's new requirements , " they argued in a joint statement . President Barack Obama used his weekly address last Saturday to push what he called "  safe and responsible " oil production . Administration officials have said they are working to speed up the leasing process for the Alaska National Petroleum Reserve , while also giving oil companies better financial incentives to use and extend certain existing leases in the Gulf of Mexico and elsewhere . The president also has indicated he backs steps to accelerate the testing of areas off the East Coast for possible future drilling . At the same time , however , Obama also has announced the formation of an interagency working group to oversee Arctic drilling projects to make sure they meet health , safety and environmental standards . The president opposes controversial plans for drilling in Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge . GOP leaders argue the White House has not done enough to bring down gas prices , which are now topping $ 4 a gallon in many parts of the country .	The Senate has rejected a GOP bill to expand offshore oil and gas drilling A faster process for permit applications was among the bill 's elements A Democratic plan to strip billions in tax subsidies for oil companies failed Tuesday Democrats and Republicans are at odds over how best to address rising gas prices
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Three suspected drone strikes Monday killed 21 people in a volatile northwest Pakistani tribal region that borders Afghanistan , two Pakistani intelligence officials told CNN . The officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media , said all 21 were militants . However , witnesses told CNN affiliate GEO-TV at the scene that among the dead were seven civilians . CNN can not independently confirm either account . A suspected drone fired at two alleged militant hideoutsin South Waziristan , one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's volatile tribal region bordering Afghanistan . It was the second such series of strikes since Friday in the same area , officials said . Four missiles struck two hideouts in the village of Wacha Dana , killing nine insurgents in one attack and eight in another , said the officials , A fifth missile struck a vehicle being driven by a suspected militant near the village of Shawal , the officials said . The United States does not comment on suspected drone strikes . But it is the only country in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from drones -- which are controlled remotely . Based on a count by CNN 's Islamabad bureau , Monday 's suspected drone strike was the 31st this year , compared to 111 in all of 2010 . The U.S. contends insurgents routinely launch attacks from the Pakistani tribal region into Afghanistan , crossing the border to resupply militants with money and weapons .	NEW : The suspected drone strike hits a vehicle and two hideouts in Pakistan 's South Waziristan The U.S. does not comment on suspected drone strikes Monday 's attack brings to 29 the number of drone strikes reported this year The U.S. contends insurgents are crossing into Afghanistan from the region
How terrible is it to be born a girl in the world today ? The almost daily headlines about another cruel act of violence and discrimination against women -- from the kidnapping of nearly 300 school girls in Nigeria last month , to the latest gruesome stoning of a woman in Pakistan -- provide plenty of reasons to be pessimistic about women 's equality and safety in today 's world . The recent case of "  misogynist extremism " in California , where a young man killed six people in "  retribution " for all the girls who had rejected him , underscores the fact that all societies suffer from violence against women . Indeed , the World Health Organization estimates that 35 % of women worldwide experience intimate-partner violence or non-partner sexual violence in their lifetime . A new World Bank report estimates that in some countries , the economic toll of violence against women exceeds a staggering 3 % of GDP . Also shocking in the 21st century is that the leading cause of death worldwide for girls ages 15 to 19 is complication related to pregnancy and childbirth , in many cases because girls are married and bearing children before their young bodies are ready . High rates of child marriage in some countries also limit the educational opportunities and economic independence of girls . Add in a persistent preference for sons in South , East and Central Asia that has resulted in millions of "  missing girls , " and the picture for girls today seems pretty grim . But these challenges , as daunting as they are , should not obscure the important gains that women and girls have made in recent decades -- gains that point to a much brighter future . First , the global gender gap in education has been shrinking : Between 1999 and 2009 , the number of girls out of school dropped from nearly 61 million to 35 million , and equal numbers of girls and boys now complete primary school in Latin America and East Asia . In fact , around the world , women are beginning to outnumber men at the university level -- in some cases by a wide margin . Women 's political participation worldwide also continues to grow . As of July 2013 , 35 countries , including nine in Africa , had national parliaments with at least 30 % female representatives and several countries now include quotas to ensure women 's political participation . Examples of women rising to the top of their fields -- just think of Hillary Clinton , Janet Yellen , Angela Merkel , Sheryl Sandberg and others -- and on their own terms , are increasingly more common . The dire statistics we hear today about violence against women have a silver lining -- that violence is being counted -- and quantified -- which is a huge leap forward from centuries of silence and acceptance of the oppression of women . Honor crimes and sexual violence have long gone unrecorded because such behavior is tolerated , ignored , or conveniently covered up in mostly rural communities . Survivors often remain silent for fear their attackers will take revenge if they report the crime . But national and international media coverage and popular outrage are beginning to shift the dynamic . The proliferation of mobile phones and use of social media mean that violence and discrimination against women are increasingly reported . In the aftermath of the 2012 gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old female student in New Delhi , India , journalists called me asking why are we seeing such an uptick in sexual violence against women now -- is it somehow related to globalization ? My response is that we simply have no data to conclude that the incidence of sexual violence in India is actually increasing -- reported incidents may be on the rise , but that could be because women , supported by male family members , are finally breaking the code of silence to denounce and prosecute their attackers . The outrage in the New Delhi case forced the Indian government to strengthen its sexual assault laws -- including making rape in some cases punishable by life in prison or the death penalty and increasing the minimum sentence for gang rape to 20 years . As depressing and disturbing as the headlines can be , news of violence , hatred , and discrimination against women is beginning to catalyze powerful change . So too is the growing body of evidence that disempowering women poses an enormous economic cost on society . There will inevitably be backlash against that change -- backlash that will take the form of deranged extremists from California to Nigeria to Pakistan -- but the momentum of positive change for women and girls in the world today is undeniable .	A woman in Pakistan was stoned to death , nearly 300 girls in Nigeria were kidnapped Isobel Coleman : Despite progress , all societies suffer from violence against women She says but these headlines of hatred against women are starting to catalyze change Coleman : That violence is being counted is a step forward from centuries of silence
CNN  -- The images are all too familiar . Young protesters , disenfranchised and frustrated , take to the streets to fight a government that is ignoring their demands . At first peaceful , the protests are met with the heavy hand of riot police . Photographs of resilient demonstrators -- some standing obstinate amid the clouds of tear gas , others covered in pepper spray -- flood the Internet . But what is surprising about this week 's images is that they come from Hong Kong , one of Asia 's financial hubs and a territory known for its stability . The impetus for these pro-democracy protests , started by a student boycott of classes and joined by the group Occupy Central with Love and Peace , was the Chinese government 's pronouncement that the selection of candidates in Hong Kong 's election in 2017 would be limited by a pro-Beijing committee , a move that would ostensibly prevent a leader resistant to Beijing 's influence from coming to power . Such an arrangement follows the letter of the Basic Law , which codified the policy of "  one country , two systems , " as well as a 2007 decree by the National People 's Congress that promised universal suffrage in 2017 , but hardly their spirit . It is therefore no surprise that the signs have long seemed to point to an eventual clash of perspective . Hong Kong was returned to mainland China from the British Commonwealth in 1997 , its institutions grounded in Western and democratic thought . Hong Kong 's economic freedoms and openness draws in companies and individuals from around the globe , further perpetuating the territory 's ties to the outside world . On the other side of the coin is Beijing , well known for its opposition to the open flow of information and the Western concept of democracy . Hong Kong protests : What you need to know Both sides have demonstrated restraint , with the protesters remaining largely peaceful and the government pulling back riot police after a day of aggressive crowd control tactics . Moreover , it is in the interest of both parties to maintain a low level of intensity . Violent escalation by the Occupy Central movement would only justify an equally violent response , and international condemnation and domestic anger would follow hostile action by the police . That said , in a meeting with Hong Kong 's business elite , Chinese President Xi Jinping asserted that Beijing will not yield . The Chinese government is aggressively censoring posts on Weibo , a popular social media site -- censored posts reportedly increased five-fold over the weekend , and "  Hong Kong " is now the most widely deleted search term on the social media site -- and Instagram was blocked for the first time in Hong Kong . In the meantime , the Occupy Central movement has already achieved much by bringing greater attention to Hong Kong 's struggle for democracy . As the removal of riot police reveals , the international presence in Hong Kong means that Beijing does not have the same freedom of action as it does on the mainland . In China , demonstrations against issues such as pollution , corruption and forced land seizures are common and under-reported , caught behind the government 's Great Firewall . But it is harder for the world to ignore the comprehensive and detailed reports emanating from Hong Kong . With their actions , the Hong Kong citizens are assembling the pieces for greater civil and political participation in not only Hong Kong but also mainland China . The possible financial ramifications of the Occupy Central movement could cause Beijing to seek a quick conclusion to the demonstrations . After all , with traffic bottlenecked by protesters , business as usual in one of Asia 's financial hubs and China 's financial center is in question . A number of banks reportedly temporarily closed some of their branches and asked employees to work from home . Investors , too , are waiting to see the outcome of the protests in Hong Kong before continuing projects . Should the demonstrations linger , Beijing might therefore need to reassess its tactics -- though this could result in an even more aggressive crackdown . The road ahead will not be easy . Xi and the Communist Party are unlikely to shift from the short-term tactic of censorship and suppression . The leaders and participants of the Occupy Central movement risk arrest and censure in a territory and country that values stability above all . But they are carving out a space for civil and political participation throughout Greater China . In the end , such participation will improve both China 's governance and the lives of its people . Now if only Beijing can get out of its own way . From umbrella protests to ` umbrella revolution '	Hong Kong was returned to mainland China from the British Commonwealth in 1997 William Piekos : Occupy Central brings attention to Hong Kong 's struggle for democracy Hong Kong citizens are assembling pieces for greater civil participation , Piekos says
Sicily , Italy  CNN  -- The Portuguese CASA 295 military plane lifts off from an airstrip in Sicily and roars into the skies above the Mediterranean , scouring the blue seas below for signs of life . The state-of-the-art surveillance aircraft is flying for Frontex , the European Union 's border patrol agency . Its mission is n't only to stop people from being smuggled onto the continent 's southern shores -- it 's to save lives . The plane patrols the Mediterranean Sea south of Sicily , including the area around Lampedusa , an Italian island near the African coast that migrants have been trying to reach in often unseaworthy boats . In October more than 300 migrants died when their boat capsized near these shores , and Frontex is hoping to prevent that from happening again . INFOGRAPHIC : How illegal immigrants enter the EU The Frontex crew took CNN along on a surveillance flight . Human trafficking in the region is big business , and we were not allowed to identify any of the mission 's crew member for fear they could be targeted by gangs of smugglers . "  On the missions , every week we find three or four targets of interest , " the aircraft 's captain told CNN . "  The main goal is to detect targets of interest that Frontex -LSB- give us the coordinates for -RSB- ... we go there and we check it out and then we transmit everything to Frontex . " Fishing boats are often targets of interest because they are sometimes used to smuggle people from Africa to Europe . Often those vessels will be old , rusty and overloaded with migrants as the traffickers try to maximize their profit per journey . In some cases , sailing ships have been used for people smuggling as well . On our flight the crew also spotted an abandoned rubber boat , which might have been left there by people who made it to shore in Europe . OPINION : Europe 's immigration nightmare just beginning The plane is outfitted with infrared sensors and a belly camera that can identify and track targets at great distances . The crew will look for vessels that have an unusually high number of people on board , but they 're also checking to see whether a ship move strangely in the water -- a possible sign that it is overloaded with migrants under deck . Several high profile incidents involving migrant boats from northern Africa have thrust the issue of illegal immigration to the forefront of European politics -- and now the EU is looking for ways to better regulate immigration while protecting the lives of those who try to make it to the continent . An increasing number of ill-equipped migrant ships are getting into trouble during their voyages towards Europe , and the Italian Navy and Coast Guard often need to speed to the rescue to save those on board . Most of them end up in migrant camps in Italy , Greece or Malta . The Pozallo camp in southern Sicily is one of the bigger ones , with over 400 people living on site . OPINION : EU must solve crisis to deserve Nobel Prize One of those recently saved from the seas is Henry Linus from Nigeria . He says the ship he was on got into a storm and was adrift at sea before they were rescued . "  There was no food , -LSB- there was -RSB- excrement inside the boat . People were vomiting inside the boat , we were vomiting everywhere . It was horrible , " he told CNN . Linus added that if given the chance to do it all over again , he would not try to make the treacherous journey to Europe . Andrea Tassara is the Commander of the Italian Coast guard in Pozallo , one of the busiest Coast Guards in Europe . He always has two high-speed boats on standby that can go about 30 knots and take on as many as 130 people from other boats or from the sea . Tassara says he and his men are appalled at some of the boats they come upon while patrolling the Mediterranean . "  The most dangerous thing is when you see a boat that is made of really old wood . God knows how it is held together and it can fall apart just by our ships coming close , " he said . But many people are so desperate that they are willing to take their chances . That cost more than 300 people their lives on October 3rd , when a boat originating from Libya was so overloaded and unstable that it capsized when a fire on board the vessel caused its passengers to panic . OPINION : What 's the place of outsiders in Europe ? Most of those who drowned were Eritreans . At the Pozallo camp we met an Eritrean man who said that he was supposed to be on the boat that sank , but that it was so full he was rejected and had to wait for a later ship . He says many people who had spent the last couple of years fighting their way through African deserts to the coast had died in the shipwreck . "  Some of us had parents or wives or children on there , we were part of that group . But fortunately the boat was full and we were obliged to stay , " he told CNN . Italian Coast Guard Commander Tassara says the increase in migrant boats trying to get to Europe is huge , even though he can not put numbers on it . He says the waves of ships usually stop in the fall and winter months , but this year there has been no let-up . He attributes that in part to good weather conditions on the sea , but also to the growing despair in places like Syria , Eritrea , and Nigeria , where many are now trying to flee the violent extremist group Boko Haram . It does not look like those waves will stop . Even if Europe further beefs up its patrols on its borders , they might be able to contain migration for a while , but they will never be able to stop it .	CNN goes on patrol with EU border agency searching Mediterranean for migrant boats Thousands of migrants attempt to enter Europe illegally through Mediterranean each year More than 300 migrants died in shipwreck near Italian island of Lampedusa in early October Italian Coast Guard says there has been no let-up in number of migrant boats in 2013
CNN  -- County coroner 's officials in Los Angeles , California , hope to release results Thursday morning of their examination of skeletal remains found in a remote area of Malibu Canyon . The family of a woman , missing nearly a year , await word on any clues the bones will yield . Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter said that an anthropologist and pathologist were examining the remains , and an odontologist -- or dental expert -- will also help make a final identification . The remains , which included a human skull , were found Monday by park rangers searching the area for marijuana groves , said Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore . "  It 's incredibly treacherous terrain , " Whitmore said of the remote site . "  There is no road , no trail even if you know exactly where you are going . " Whitmore said it appeared the remains had been in the area "  for quite awhile . " The family of missing Mitrice Richardson have been waiting to hear whether the remains are those of their loved one . Richardson , who would be 25 now , is a former beauty pageant contestant who was last seen leaving a Los Angeles County sheriff 's station in Malibu during the early morning hours of September 17 , 2009 . She had been arrested the previous evening at an upscale restaurant for allegedly not paying for her meal , and patrons at the restaurant said she exhibited strange behavior . Her family has said the college honors graduate suffered from mental health issues and should have been kept at the sheriff 's station until a relative arrived to pick her up . The Los Angeles Times reported Tuesday that the remains are those of a woman and that "  women 's clothing was also found near the scene . " The newspaper cited unidentified law enforcement sources . Winter would not confirm Wednesday the gender of the remains . He said clothing was found "  near the body , " but declined to elaborate on what type , saying many people had been using the area where marijuana was known to be harvested . Latice Sutton , the mother of Richardson , held a news conference Tuesday night outside the coroner 's office , saying she had been told that the clothing found was a pair of Levis , and appealed to officials to let her view the clothing . "  I do know that my daughter was wearing jeans that night , " Sutton said . Mom furious about leaks to media Michael Richardson , Mitrice 's father , told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " on Wednesday that he is n't giving up the search for his daughter . "  I 'm still remaining hopeful , positive , prayerful ... and until they can give me a definitive answer about it , Mitrice is still needing for us to search for her , " he said . The family of Richardson was joined at the canyon site Monday by another woman who believed the remains could belong to her husband , Timothy . Pam Perryman said her husband went missing six years ago while hiking in the area . "  I 've been praying that we would find him because it 's our anniversary this Saturday , " Perryman told CNN iReporter Julie Ellerton . "  I just have a feeling ... in a way I hope it is him , in a way I hope it 's not . " CNN iReport : Skull and bones found by drug-searching cops CNN 's Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	The family of missing Mitrice Richardson believes the remains may be her Clothing was found "  near the body , " assistant chief coroner says Richardson was last seen leaving a Malibu sheriff 's station September 17
CNN  -- About 11 trillion gallons of rain , or nearly 17 million Olympic swimming pools full . That 's how much water California needs to recover from its extreme drought despite downpours that caused flooding and mudslides this month , NASA said . This week , the space agency released a satellite data analysis of how much water the state 's reserves lack . It 's a lot -- more than 14,000 times the amount of water it would take to fill the Dallas Cowboys stadium , according to CNN calculations . It 's the amount of water that flows over Niagara Falls in about 170 days ' time . "  It takes years to get into a drought of this severity , and it will likely take many more big storms , and years , to crawl out of it , " said NASA scientist Jay Famiglietti , who led the study . NASA climate satellites measured fluctuations in Earth 's gravitational field and the changing shape of the planet 's surface to determine the drop in water reserves . It 's the first calculation of its kind to determine the amount of water needed to break a drought , the space agency said . Virtually all of California is drought stricken , according to the University of Nebraska Lincoln drought monitor , most of it under the worst level -- "  exceptional drought . " Deluges boosted state reservoirs December 's deluges doused parts of California in just a few days with double the rain or more that they usually get in a year . An atmospheric river -- a moisture-laden stream of air from the tropics dozens of miles wide -- hosed the coast , and behind it , storm fronts battered the state . Nearly a foot of rain fell in some places in a single day . Creeks and rivers previously flowing at a trickle swelled over their banks and flooded nearby streets . The abundant rainfall gave the state 's reservoirs an upward bounce , according to measurements by the Department of Water Resources . One of the largest , Lake Shasta , went from a water level before the rains of 41 % of its historic average to 53 % on Tuesday . Another very large one , Lake Oroville , stepped up from a level of 44 % of its average volume to 54 % . Some of the state 's other 10 -- mostly much smaller -- main reservoirs felt a boost , too . Others , not so much . More rain is in the forecast this week , but it will be gentle , not torrential . Despite the new rain , California 's mighty reservoirs still resemble ponds surrounded by parched , elongated banks . Depleting groundwater The drought has dug so deep in the past three years that it has tapped into groundwater . It has done this throughout the Southwest , where groundwater levels are at their absolute lowest levels in the last 65 years , said NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena . The state 's two largest river basins , the Sacramento and San Joaquin , have lost 4 trillion gallons of water per year since 2011 , according to the analysis by NASA JPL . "  That 's more water than California 's 38 million residents use each year for domestic and municipal purposes . About two-thirds of the loss is due to depletion of groundwater beneath California 's Central Valley , " NASA said . In September , Gov. Jerry Brown signed "  historic legislation " that created "  a framework for sustainable , local groundwater management for the first time in California history , " the governor 's office said at the time . Before the new legislation , California was the only Western state that did n't manage its groundwater , officials said . Brown declared a drought emergency , saying this was "  perhaps the worst drought that California has ever seen since records  began  about 100 years ago . " He held up a chart of fluctuating rainfall levels over many years , with the graph plummeting off the bottom of the chart in recent years . Diminished snow caps The atmospheric river and cold fronts loaded up the Sierra Nevada mountains with a couple of feet of snow at the highest altitudes , adding to the snowpack . It acts as a major water reservoir , storing up moisture in the winter months and then releasing it during melts . The storm 's extra padding doubled the level to 48 % of the historic average , a nice improvement . But there 's bad news here , too , based on studies done from airplanes this year , NASA said . "  The 2014 snowpack was one of the three lowest on record and the worst since 1977 , when California 's population was half what it is now , " said NASA JPL scientist Tom Painter . That not only means less water from snow but also less reflection of sunlight , which means the Earth absorbs it and gets that much warmer , Painter said . The ground then also gets more parched , so when water does flow onto it , it soaks it up , leaving less of it to flow into reservoirs . -- CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Deluges during the atmospheric river give reservoirs a pleasant boost But much more is needed after years of drought , NASA says in a new analysis Satellites measure gravitational field and planet 's shape to find changes in water reserves Water reserves have fallen so far , California is depleting its groundwater
CNN  -- In just 12 years leading up to 2010 , Vietnam cut the country 's malnutrition rate in half by investing in small scale farming . Poverty in the country has plummeted from 58 percent in 1993 to 18 percent by 2006 , says development charity Oxfam , who cites the Asian country as a exceptional model for others around the world . Vietnam went from being a rice importer to the second biggest exporter of rice in the world . "  The magic formula is political will and vision , " says Hannah Stoddart , head of economic justice policy at Oxfam GB . "  Planning a government strategy and making sure the investment gets to those who need it most is the key , " she says . Smallholder farming , a term used for small scale or family farming , is in fact the best way to describe 500 million farms globally where two billion people live and work . The term includes a wide range of producers from the most marginal and impoverished to those working in markets at a local , national or international level . Very often these farmers are women who must work to provide the food for their families . Oxfam is a staunch believer that smallholder farming is the way forward . "  All evidence in small scale farming , family farming on small plots of land , show it is one of the surest ways to relieve poverty , " says Stoddart . Fair trade success In Malawi , one of Africa 's poorest countries , thousands of farmers are now part of the Fairtrade International  FLO  group , farming mainly tea , coffee , sugar and ground nuts . "  Malawi is the first of its kind in Africa to have a fair trade network , and there is a lot of interest in how we are doing it , " says Frank Olok , network coordinator for the Malawi Fairtrade Network . In the last 18 months , many have seen their hardships turn into success , says Olok , who serves as the liaison between many farmers and the FLO . Watch : Planting a million trees a year to tackle deforestation Malawi already has 30,000 farmers involved in fair trade farming methods , plus another 20,000 working on these farms . "  When we talk about smallholder farmers , we are talking about the farmer who owns one to five acres of land , using rudimentary means of farming , who is not able to easily access finance , " says Olok . "  The majority of the farmers in Malawi today are smallholder farmers . " Indeed , says one Malawi farmer , Gladys Kayanja , whose small tea farm now has a bridge to help her get between her home and the tea field during the rainy season . "  The fair trade premium bought an ambulance which serves my family and relatives when we are sick . Before that we used to carry a very sick patient many kilometers before reaching the hospital , " says Kayanja . Schools , electricity , irrigation , and much more has been put in place in Malawi due to the success of the cooperative-style network . A further bonus is many of the farmers then find themselves able to diversify into businesses . In southern Sudan , Rabha Elis Bandas , director and founder of the Women 's Development Group , decided to take matters in her own hands after she was tired of watching local farmers suffer waiting for food aid during Sudan 's civil war . She has set up her group to help farmers with supplies and the skills needed . "  There is enough land in South Sudan and it is really fertile , it just needs work . What we need and want is for people to grow their own food , not to depend on Uganda and Kenya , " she says . As Bandas has proved , the importance of smallholder farmers is even more important in times of political strife . Hope for Haiti In Haiti , the Smallholder Farmers Alliance  SFA  , a cooperative of 2,000 farmers started in 2010 , has established tree nurseries planting one million trees a year in a country which has lost 98 percent of its trees to deforestation . The SFA provides high quality seeds , tools and training , and has already helped the farmers increase their yields by 40-50 percent . One Haitian farmer said the SFA has helped her turn her life around , especially since recent hurricanes ruined her crops . "  My life situation is better , " said Romeus Mercilie . "  I have enough food to feed my kids and the sell the remaining food at the market . I now have a dream and I know how to protect my dreams , " she said . Mercilie says thanks to a flat interest rate loan from the SFA , she was able to restart her business , purchase new livestock and save money . Smallholder farming spells big business From the economic side , opportunities for smallholder farmers are exponential . "  There 's a huge opportunity for smallholders to sell to big businesses , " says TIm Aldred , head of policy and research at Fairtrade Foundation . "  The risks are that you can get locked into a big supplier who holds the power and pushes your prices down , " said Aldred , who added that recent controversy at the G8 meetings in June addressed how to empower the smallholders so they do n't end up stuck in unhelpful relationships with multinational corporations . The United Nations has declared 2014 the International Year of Family Farming with the aim to support and recognize the importance of smallholder farming . By doing so , the U.N. says it will help eradicate hunger , reduce rural poverty and reach food security through sustainable production . While the scale of investment of what 's needed has n't yet happened , Oxfam says there are glimmers of hope out there with farmers learning about the market system , how to improve their yields , form cooperatives , and access credit safely . "  There 's all kinds of brilliant stuff that 's going on but it needs to be scaled up , " says Oxfam 's Stoddart . Once that happens , she says "  the poorest people will start benefiting from their labor . "	Vietnam cut malnutrition by half with small scale farming U.N. declared 2014 the International Year of Family Farming . Rabha Elis Bandas set up a group to help Sudanese farmers with supplies Smallholder Farmers Alliance in Haiti provides loans to help farmers
CNN  -- President Obama 's proposed spending freeze could help him recapture the favor of centrist voters , but critics blast the move as nothing more than political posturing . The president is expected to call for a partial , three-year freeze on discretionary spending in his State of the Union address Wednesday , according to two senior administration officials . The cuts , which Obama will say would save $ 250 billion , would not apply to national security spending and would not affect major entitlement programs like Medicare and Social Security . The proposal comes as the president 's poll numbers dip and concerns about the economy and the federal deficit flare . It also comes after a shocking election loss for Democrats in Massachusetts , which many have interpreted as an expression of voter frustration with the way Washington is handling the economy . "  I applaud -LSB- Obama -RSB- for attempting to have some fiscal restraint , " Republican strategist Ed Rollins said . "  But at the end of the day , he 's got to make sure the Democrats are disciplined and they do n't have big spending programs alongside of this . " Under Obama 's plan , all federal discretionary spending would be frozen at its current level of $ 447 billion per year . Individual federal agencies would have the power to give some programs increases , while cutting money elsewhere . Both chambers of Congress would have to approve the freeze when they take up the president 's budget for fiscal year 2011 , which starts in October . Obama will send his budget plan to Congress after the State of the Union . Jeffrey Sachs , an economist and director of The Earth Institute at Columbia University , said Obama 's move does n't make much sense , following a year of unprecedented government spending and a $ 787 billion stimulus package . "  A little bit of disarray , it seems . Last year , just spend , throw everything into a stimulus package ... and then this year , just across-the-board freeze . Frankly , the government has to make better choices and better plans than throwing things into a big pot in one year and then freezing across the board the next year , " he said . Obama dismissed the idea of an across-the-board spending freeze during a presidential debate in October 2008 . "  It sounds good . It 's proposed periodically . It does n't happen , " then-candidate Obama said . "  In fact , an across-the-board spending freeze is a hatchet , and we do need a scalpel because there are some programs that do n't work at all . There are some that are underfunded . I want to make sure we 're focused on the programs that work . " Republican reaction to Obama 's proposal was split , with some senior GOP aides saying it is something they could support , and others saying it did not go nearly far enough . "  Given Washington Democrats ' unprecedented spending binge , this is like announcing you 're going on a diet after winning a pie-eating contest , " said Michael Steel , a spokesman for House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  Will the budget still double the debt over five years and triple it over 10 ? That 's the bottom line . " The senior administration officials acknowledged that discretionary spending is only about one-sixth of the entire federal budget , but said the White House believes that cuts need to start somewhere . The move is Obama 's latest step down a path to a more populist message , aimed at reassuring Americans nervous about the slow pace of the economic recovery . The president on Monday proposed nearly doubling the child care tax credit for middle-class families . Obama is expected to talk about efforts to create more jobs and spur the economy in his speech Wednesday . iReport : Deliver your State of the Union address The White House has put a greater emphasis on the economy in the days since Democrats lost their 60-seat supermajority in the Senate . Republican Scott Brown defeated Democrat Martha Coakley in a special election last week to serve the remainder of the late Ted Kennedy 's Senate term . Brown capitalized on voter frustrations and captured the independent vote in Massachusetts , a Democratic stronghold . "  I think that is a wake-up call for everybody in this town , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said a day after the election . Obama 's proposal will likely set the stage for a fight with some liberals , but polls suggest it might not be a bad thing for the president to occasionally break ranks . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Monday indicates that seven in 10 Americans think that the Democrats ' loss of their 60-seat supermajority in the Senate is a positive step for the country . Observers note it will also put Republicans in a position where they can show if they are willing to meet the president halfway . Democratic strategist James Carville said Tuesday that Obama needs to take control of the narrative in order to get back on track . "  Until this administration stands up and says ` This is what we will face , and this is what we did , and this is our strategy ' -- these things are going to continue to happen , " he said . CNN 's Dana Bash and Ed Henry contributed to this report .	Obama to call for partial freeze on discretionary spending Freeze could help put Obama back in the political center Some Republicans say it does n't do enough ; some Dems say it goes too far Watch coverage Wednesday night at 7:30 on CNN.com and 8 on CNN TV
CNN  -- An Indonesian fisherman has been killed by Komodo dragons after he was attacked while trespassing on a remote island in search of fruit , officials said Tuesday . Komodo dragons kill their prey with an extremely toxic bite . Muhamad Anwar , 32 , bled to death on his way to hospital after being mauled by the reptiles at Loh Sriaya , in eastern Indonesia 's Komodo National Park , the park 's general manager Fransiskus Harum told CNN . "  The fisherman was inside the park when he went looking for sugar-apples . The area was forbidden for people to enter as there are a lot of wild dragons , " Harum said . Other fisherman took Anwar to a clinic on nearby Flores Island , east of Bali , but he was declared dead on arrival , he added . Komodo dragons , the world 's heaviest lizards , can grow up to 3 meters  10 feet  in length and have a toxic bite that they use to kill prey such as buffalo , returning to feast when the animal succumbs to the poison . Despite their ungainly appearance , the carnivorous reptiles can run as fast as a dog in short bursts , jump up on their hind legs , and kill animals with a blow of their powerful tails . Attacks on humans are rare , but Monday 's incident is the latest in a series in which the monster lizards -- which have forked tongues and fearsome claws -- have killed or injured people . Last month a park ranger survived after a Komodo dragon climbed the ladder into his hut and savaged his hand and foot . In 2007 an eight-year-old boy died after being mauled . In June last year , a group of divers who were stranded on an island in the national park -- the dragons ' only natural habitat -- had to fend off several attacks from the reptiles before they were rescued . Park rangers also tell the cautionary tale of a Swiss tourist who vanished leaving nothing but a pair of spectacles and a camera after an encounter with the dragons several years ago . An endangered species , Komodo are believed to number less than 4,000 in the wild . Access to their habitat is restricted , but tourists can get permits to see them in the wild within the National Park . All visitors are accompanied by rangers , about 70 of whom are deployed across the park 's 60,000 hectares of vegetation and 120,000 hectares of ocean . Despite a threat of poachers , Komodo dragon numbers are believed to have stabilized in recent years , bolstered by successful breeding campaigns in captivity . On Monday , a zoo in Surabaya on the Indonesian island of Java reported the arrival of 32 newborn Komodos after the babies all hatched in the past two weeks , the Jakarta Post reported .	Fisherman was trespassing on island when dragons attacked Muhamad Anwar died from heavy bleeding on his way to hospital Komodo dragon attacks on humans are rare
The state of New Jersey is taking over administration of the troubled public schools in the city of Camden , Gov. Chris Christie announced Monday . A recent Department of Education investigation found Camden city schools are among the lowest-performing in the state , Christie said at a news conference at Woodrow Wilson High School in the city . "  We 're taking the lead because for too long , the public school system in Camden has failed its children , " he said . "  Each day that it gets worse , we 're failing the children of Camden , we 're denying them a future , we 're not allowing them to reach their full potential . " The poor student performance , a lack of a districtwide curricula , inconsistent and haphazard school staffing , lack of central leadership , and a failure to provide student support services has resulted in "  full state intervention , " the governor 's office said in a news release . Christie said the decision to partner with Camden school officials was not one made easily or quickly . "  I waited three years because I really felt like I wanted to give the folks in the city of Camden the chance without having to enter into a partnership with the state , " Christie said . The issues with student achievement and institutional administration do not stem from a lack of financial support . Camden is receiving more than $ 279.5 million in state funding , an increase of $ 3.6 million from last year . During the 2011-12 school year , Camden spent $ 23,709 per student , compared with the statewide average of $ 18,045 , the governor 's office said . Statistics published by the New Jersey Board of Education show that school graduation rates in Camden are among the lowest in the state . In 2012 , the city 's graduation rate fell to 49.27 % , down from 56.89 % the year before . This is well below the state average graduation rate of 86.46 % in 2012 . From 2011 to 2012 , only 2 % of Camden students scored above a 1550 out of a possible 2400 on the Scholastic Aptitude Test  SAT  , compared with 43 % students nationally . Only 19 % and 30.4 % of third - through eighth-grade students tested proficient in language arts and in math , respectively , both numbers well below the state average , the document say . Christie said the state intervention will include close monitoring of school progress as well as guidance in financial decisions . "  We will exert whatever control we need to exert to try and bring success , " he said . The mayor of Camden , Dana Redd , also spoke at the news conference , affirming her readiness to work with officials on both the state and local levels . "  I welcome this new era in full cooperation and partnership because I want to see our children excel in the classroom , " Redd said . The president of the school board , Kathryn Blackshear , said she is in the toughest spot she has ever been in . "  I always knew this day was coming , " she said . "  After I looked at the research and the numbers , and praying over it , I said , ` well , Lord , change is here . ' " Camden is not the first city in New Jersey whose school district has been taken over by the state . Schools in Jersey City , Paterson , and Newark also currently operate under state control , according to Barbara Morgan , a spokeswoman for the New Jersey Department of Education . It 's unclear how the nearly 14,000 students enrolled in Camden city public schools will feel the impact of new state intervention . "  I ca n't be a guarantor of results , none of us can , " Christie said . "  But just because we ca n't guarantee a positive result or because there have been some mixed results in the past , should not be used as an excuse for inaction . "	Gov. Chris Christie : "  We 're taking the lead because ... Camden has failed its children " The city schools ' graduation rate fell to 49.27 % in 2012 , down from 56.89 % the year before State intervention will include monitoring school progress and financial guidance , Christie says "  I always knew this day was coming , " the school board president says
CNN  -- With Facebook 's announcement Wednesday that it will become a publicly traded company , lots of folks were talking about it . On Facebook . The company filed Wednesday to raise $ 5 billion in an initial public offering . Most analysts predict that Facebook 's valuation will ultimately fall somewhere between $ 85 billion and $ 100 billion . Those staggering numbers had Facebook users -- those whose privacy settings defaulted to public -- largely pondering one major school of thought : "  Wow , that 's a lot of money . " "  $ 5 billion IPO for Facebook ?!?!? What the hell am I doing on Facebook ??? " wrote a user named Jeff Pantridge . "  Screw this ... I 'm making Jeffbook . I should have something whipped up in an hour . Friend me , follow me ... Whatever ... . It 's time to get paid . " Facebook user Michael John Chaves pondered what the big-dollar opening says about careers in the tech industry . "  Hmm to become a hardware engineer or software engineer ? " he wrote . "  Facebook 's IPO expected to create between 500 and 1,000 millionaires among employees . Soo the answer is : Software Engineer . " Gregory Luis Martinez had more humble ambitions . "  Anybody want to split a share 10 ways ? " he joked . Other users predicted a flood of would-be investors . "  I expect people will be crawling over each other to invest after the Facebook IPO , " wrote Adam Saunders . "  It will be interesting to see whether Facebook can match the expectations that will come along with its new , and likely obscenely high , valuation . " Mostly , however , the big financial news inspired a lot of wry observations . "  Ironically Facebook could be dealing -LSB- with -RSB- the same problem with public scrutiny after the IPO as most of us do when deciding what to post on Facebook , " wrote user Mark Glaser . User Larry Scudder lobbed this one : "  With facebook becoming a public traded company and making everyone go to the stupid timelines , what are the odds of it going the way of myspace ? " Well ... at its peak , Newscorp paid  some would say overpaid  $ 580 million for Myspace . That 's hundreds of millions less than what Facebook earned just last year . And we do n't see Facebook being sold for a paltry $ 35 million -- as Myspace was last year -- anytime soon . Facebook earned $ 1 billion last year on sales of $ 3.7 billion . The site said it now has more than 845 million daily active users . And that 's the number that had user Phillip Pambrun thinking that maybe Facebook should spread the wealth a little . He even encouraged users to take their case to CEO Mark Zuckerberg . "  Ok , so . Facebook is about to IPO in a moment . Am I the only person that thinks every Facebook member should receive at least 1 share at initial post?If it was n't for all of you loyal and faithful Facebookers , this would never have gotten this far . So , everyone , message the high "  Z " for your minimum 1 share . Lol ! " Hey ... ca n't blame him for trying . CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	Facebook filed to raise $ 5 billion in an initial public offering on Wednesday Users were talking about the IPO -- and how they 'd like to get a piece of it As a public company , Facebook 's info will be as scrutinized as its users , one said A novel idea -- one free share for every Facebook user !
CNN  -- Fourteen alleged members of the Gambino crime family have been indicted on charges including murder , racketeering , prostitution of minors and trying to locate and intimidate a sequestered jury , the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Manhattan , New York , said Tuesday . "  Today , the Gambino family has lost one of its leaders , and many of its rising stars have now fallen , " U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said . "  We will continue to work with our partners at the FBI to eradicate the mafia and to keep organized crime from victimizing the businesses and the people of this city . " Twelve people , including Daniel Marino , named by the U.S. attorney as the current boss of the Gambino crime family , were arrested Tuesday morning . One was arrested last week , and another was at large Tuesday afternoon , Bharara 's office said . Marino has been charged with murder in various cases , including the 1989 killing of Thomas Spinelli , a member of the family who testified before a federal grand jury about the mafia 's members and activities . The other defendants , who authorities say include some high-ranking members of the Gambino crime family , also have serious charges brought against them . Onofrio Modica is charged with jury tampering , which stems from 1992 , when then-boss John J. Gotti was on trial on federal racketeering and murder charges . According to the U.S. attorney , Modica and other members of the Gambino family tried to locate the anonymous , sequestered jurors sitting on the trial . Modica was able to penetrate security measures and locate the hotel where the jury was sequestered , but the plan was called off after Gotti decided that the jury would not convict him , authorities allege . The U.S. attorney alleges several of the defendants also operated a prostitution business from 2008 to 2009 , where young women and girls as young as 15 allegedly were recruited to be prostitutes and advertised on websites such as Craigslist . According to Bharara , the defendants drove the women to their appointments and kept approximately half the money paid to them . The women allegedly were made available for sex to gamblers at weekly high-stakes poker games that authorities say were run by the defendants . Read how rare it is for women and children to be involved A press release from Bharara 's office detailed the other charges against the defendants , including extortion ; assault ; trafficking of narcotics , such as cocaine , OxyContin and marijuana ; wire fraud , which includes the alleged defrauding of several high-end New York restaurants by inflating invoice costs ; loansharking ; and gambling . "  This case shows that it 's still about making money illegally , by whatever means , " FBI Special Agent-in-Charge George Venizelos said . "  No crime seemed too depraved to be exploited if it was a money-maker , including the sexual exploitation of a 15-year-old . " According to the U.S. attorney 's office , the fourteen defendants are Marino , Modica , Thomas Orefice , Dominick DiFiore , Anthony Manzella , Michael Scotto , Michael Scarpaci , Thomas Scarpaci , David Eisler , Salvatore Borgia , Steve Maiurro , Keith Dellitalia , Suzanne Porcelli and Anthony Vecchione . Maiurro remains at large . The 13 defendants all entered not guilty pleas on Tuesday , according to the U.S. attorney 's office , and they are expected to appear Wednesday before a federal judge who has been appointed to the case .	Boss of Gambino crime family , other members arrested , U.S. attorney says Daniel Marino , who U.S. attorney says is group 's boss , charged with murder One of Marino 's charges connected to '89 killing of man who testified about mafia Some defendants accused of operating prostitution business with girls as young as 15
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- In some countries , the written word brings more than just readers to those bold enough to publish . Local journalists who attach their names to scrutinizing articles in Afghanistan are often subject to threats of kidnapping , acid attacks and death -- especially if the writer is a woman . That 's the daily reality for Afghan journalist Farida Nekzad , who says she 's been threatened by extremist groups warning her against publishing articles that cast a critical lens on local customs and national politics . "  You have to fight everyday , " said the former managing editor of the Pajhwok News Agency , the country 's largest local provider of independent news . "  You have to accept the risk , and that 's why we face such challenges . " The once fledgling news agency began as a small project in 2003 , and later flourished into a nation-wide network of correspondents with eight bureaus and an average output of three dozen stories per day , according to its website . Nekzad began as a journalist there , also having worked as a radio reporter . Earning her stripes covering the local effects of the U.S.-led war and her country in transition , she took over as managing editor and began training a corps of budding young journalists . Many of them were women . "  Everyone needs information , particularly women need to know and have information for their awareness , " she told CNN . "  I think one of the ways we can do something is by starting with this profession . " But after years of receiving threatening e-mails and phone calls , the prospect of violence became reality when a bomb detonated on the driveway of her home . "  I was displaced from my home for nine to about 10 months , " forced to leave because her neighbors complained . They said "  you have to leave your building , " according to Nekzad . Leaving Pajhwok in 2009 in an effort to lower her profile , the longtime journalist says she sought to avoid the limelight that had brought extremists to her door . "  The threats and warnings scared me , " said Nekzad , who at the time was pregnant with her daughter , Muska . But she had also laid the ground-work for what would become her next venture , working alongside her husband to set up a separate news agency called "  Wakht , " meaning "  Time . " Today , Nekzad is the agency 's director , overseeing a staff of more than two dozen journalists who cover Afghanistan 's forbidding terrain in an effort to root out stories in all of its 34 provinces . And again , many of her reporters are women . "  She typifies the double jeopardy under which women journalists in Afghanistan are forced to operate , " said Bob Dietz , Committee to Protect Journalists Asia Program Coordinator . "  Reporting and editing and running a news operation is tough enough there , but doing it as a woman makes it much more of a challenge . " Even after the ouster of the Taliban from Kabul in 2001 , social and cultural restrictions against women in Afghanistan have remained heavy-handed . Despite the adoption of a constitution that greatly expands women 's legal rights , most women are never taught to read . About 14 % of Afghan women are currently literate , according to a statement from the Ministry of Education . They "  are uneducated and away from education , " said Nekzad . "  Women need for women to share their experiences , share their problems and share their challenges of how they suffer . " But with Internet access restricted and its penetration especially low in rural areas , online news agencies -- like Wakht -- struggle to deliver information beyond the country 's few metropolitan areas . Still , there are signs afoot of a quietly developing women 's rights movement . Last week , a handful of women -- mostly Kabul residents -- marched in the capital streets , carrying placards in protest of male harassment . And yet with NATO in the process of a drawn-down , handing over the first seven designated areas to Afghan Security Forces , many fear the effects of a resurgent Taliban or a negotiated settlement that allows militants to come back . "  This is really a very critical question , " said Nekzad . "  The biggest problem is that there is no guarantee  for women 's safety  . " The veteran journalist said that while she supports negotiations that could lead to peace , she questioned "  who will guarantee that the Taliban ... will agree that women should be a part of the activity and a part of the society to work ? " Although the troubles of Afghan women were there prior to the Taliban 's arrival in the mid-90s , the hard-line group has traditionally taken a tough stance against them . "  When the Taliban first entered Kabul , the religious police beat men and women in public for not having long enough beards or not wearing the burka properly , " wrote Pakistani author Ahmed Rashid in his widely-acclaimed book "  Taliban . " Still , the costs of the near decade-long conflict seems to appeal less and less to the war-weary public of Europe and the United States , whose electorates are still reeling from the aftermath of recession . Last month , nearly three-quarters of Americans polled said they support the United States pulling out some or all of its forces out of the country . How those factors will affect international resolve to promote local institutions and bring about lasting security in Afghanistan is still unclear .	Afghan journalist Farida Nekzad says she 's been threatened by extremist groups A bomb once exploded outside her home She is a director and cofounder of an independent news agency in Afghanistan She trains journalists , and many of them are women
Washington  CNN  -- There are just times , when you are president of the United States , that formally speaking to the American people is part of the job . Not because it 's politically wise , or even politically advisable -- but because you have something important to say . As in , the seven-year-combat-mission-in-Iraq-is-over . Or , more specifically , as President Obama said , "  it 's time to turn the page . " It was n't a particularly artful speech , nor was it full of new and interesting ideas . It was what it was : a ceremonial proclamation ending combat in a war Obama inherited  and opposed  and a declaration to fight another war  also , as he says , inherited  on the economy . No talk of winning or victory , only of transitions  to noncombat mode  and of a new focus for resources : on investments at home , on fighting al Qaeda in Afghanistan . No self-congratulation , only plaudits for the troops . The declaration ending combat was clear , but what comes next in Iraq was completely ambiguous : Will a government finally form ? Are the Iraqi security forces up to the job ? And if it all falls apart , what do we do ? In many ways , it was an opportunity for the president to remind us of a promise kept . Fair enough : He said we would leave Iraq as combatants , and we have . He tipped his hat to President Bush in an effort to try and finally end the longstanding political divisions over Iraq  declaring Bush 's "  love for his country "  , but stopped short of saying the obvious : Bush 's surge strategy worked . The world can argue over why it worked , but one thing is clear : Obama opposed the surge . And now he 's employing one in Afghanistan . The pressure to talk about something else other than Iraq was palpable . There 's an election in a couple of months , and it looks like the Democrats are about to get thumped . They 're sitting ducks , in a way , victims of their own success . They hold almost every swing congressional seat ; they have incumbents in about 40 districts that John McCain won . Unemployment is high ; there 's been no summer of recovery , as some promised . The Democrats are in charge , and voters are ready to throw the bums out . So the president had to talk about the economy , I suppose , but it fell flat . That 's because there really was n't anything he could tell us that would make voters feel any better . He went through the drill , but no one was under any illusion that this Oval Office speech would budge the needle for him -- or the Democrats -- at this dicey time . In a way , it 's more interesting to watch Obama now than it was during the campaign . Back then , he was the great communicator , an inspirational figure promising to take government where it had never been , promising to rescue an electorate sick of partisan divisions and gridlock in the mechanisms of government . It was easy to digest because the public was so eager to move on from what it had . Change seemed the natural order of things . But now , after two years in which the White House has been locked in combat with a GOP that found its voice in its almost unanimous opposition to everything -- the stimulus , health care , financial reform -- the campaign call for change seems ancient . The president , for all of his success in checking off his to-do list , is now seen as just more of the same by a growing number of voters : a partisan Democrat addicted to big government and big spending . It 's strange , really , that the man who touched so many during the campaign has failed to connect in the same way during his presidency . It 's not that we do n't see Obama ; we see him more than just about any other president . So why is it that we still ca n't figure out who he is ? Because a Zelig-like devotion to announcing one more agenda item or one more stimulus project or give one more speech just is n't enough . Visibility does n't guarantee connection . Connection guarantees connection . That 's where Bill Clinton comes in . There 's no one who was better at empathy . And so , as Obama and the Democrats trudge toward an election bound to make them unhappy , the question is this : If Obama loses seats  or even control of the House  , who will he be ? Will he be Bill Clinton  a la 1994 , after losing the House to Newt Gingrich and the GOP  , adjusting to his new circumstance , working to pass welfare reform and a budget agreement ? Or will be Jimmy Carter , who went from bad to worse , sulking with not much to show for it ? Granted , if the Republicans win handily , they 'll have problems of their own : some of the newest members of Congress will be virtually unmanageable . They 'll vote against every spending bill , not to mention funding the war in Afghanistan . They will have no appetite for compromise at all . They will make some GOP leaders miserable . But Obama will be the one to watch , as always . The thing about Bill Clinton is that he knew where to draw a line between the ground he had to yield and the ground he refused to yield . And then he got something done . About 90 days after the midterm election , we will really know who Barack Obama is , and what he 's willing to do . He 'll have plenty of time to shape his legacy , and he wo n't need an Oval Office address to point it out . We 'll already be watching . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger says President Obama 's discussion of economy fell flat She says the change message , which worked well for Obama in campaign , is old by now Obama is visible but is n't connecting with public the way Bill Clinton did , Borger says Key test for Obama will be after midterms as he deals with new Congress , she says
CNN  -- Entrepreneurs gathering for London 's inaugural Technology Week have set the city 's east end abuzz . As the event winds up , CNN has tapped five of tech 's leading minds to reveal how they see the future of technology -- and whether London can stand its ground against tech centers like Silicon Valley . From home-made computers to money transfers , the five represent the disruption of established norms . They are creating better , more streamlined ways to operate in the modern world -- and inspiring those who follow in their path . London is seen as a laggard to its U.S. counterparts , but the emergence of the city 's east end as a tech hub is helping inject energy into the sector . And according to the five -- Alex Klein of Kano , Ben Medlock of Swiftkey , Kathryn Parsons of Decoded , Michael Kent of Azimo and Emily Brooke of Blaze -- London is making its mark on the global tech stage . Klein , who has created a build-your-own computer kit , says London still "  has a lot to learn from the Valley , but it 's got its own tricks -- brilliant design talent , and close cooperation in government . " And , as Klein notes , geography is decreasing in importance as the world changes into one where entrepreneurs can "  self-teach , open-source , and crowdfund . " Parsons , who is determined to demystify coding and make it available to all , says London 's fame across so many sectors -- fashion , finance and media , for example -- is now spreading to technology . Emily Brooke , of bike safety innovators Blaze , agrees , noting this is particularly the case with hardware . "  There is a growing community of people "  building things " ' in London , " she told CNN . And "  as a globally recognized design capital , London is the perfect place to do it from . " London is , indeed , at the heart of Britain 's tech scene , Medlock says . The man behind one of the hottest keyboard apps on the market says it "  attracts some of the best global talent , it 's got a great vibe and a growing early stage investment culture . " But there 's work to be done , he adds . "  We 're a generation behind but we 're catching up . " London is the "  best place in the world " to start a financial tech business , according to Michael Kent , of international money transfer start-up Azimo . But , like Medlock , he remains cautious . According to Kent , the venture capital scene needs to "  grow up " or see the "  U.S. firms come over and eat their lunch . " READ MORE : UK tech companies to watch WATCH MORE : Best gadgets at tech week	London has held its first Technology Week , bringing together thinkers and inventors The aim is to invigorate the sector and establish London as a leading light in global tech Five of the sector 's influential thinkers have given their thoughts on the future Explore the interactive to find out what they do , and how it will impact your life
CNN  -- Luis Suarez will have plenty of time to ponder his tendency to bite opposition players after the Uruguayan striker was banned for nine international matches and suspended for four months from any football activity by FIFA . The Liverpool striker , who has bitten players three times in his career - the latest incident coming in a key World Cup game -- is also set to miss a large chunk of the English Premier season as he is "  banned from any football related activity " by football 's world governing body . The punishment is the most severe ever handed out at a World Cup for an offense committed on the field of play but the striker does have the right to appeal and is allowed to transfer clubs during the four month period . FIFA had begun proceedings Wednesday after the striker was accused of biting another player during his team 's World Cup victory over Italy a day earlier and announced its verdict at a news conference Thursday . "  The first match of this suspension is to be served in the upcoming FIFA World Cup fixture between Colombia and Uruguay on 28 June 2014 , " said FIFA 's statement , referring to the last-16 game between the South American teams in Rio de Janeiro Saturday . "  The remaining match suspensions shall be served in Uruguay 's next FIFA World Cup match  es  , as long as the team qualifies , and/or in the representative team 's subsequent official matches . " Suarez is also "  prohibited from entering the confines of any stadium " during his ban and must pay a fine of 100,000 Swiss Francs -- $ 111,000 . "  Such behavior can not be tolerated on any football pitch , and in particular not at a FIFA World Cup when the eyes of millions of people are on the stars on the field , " said FIFA disciplinary committee chairman Claudio Sulser . "  The disciplinary committee took into account all the factors of the case and the degree of Mr Suarez 's guilt in accordance with the relevant provisions of the code . The decision comes into force as soon it is communicated . " According to FIFA 's disciplinary code , the forward could have faced a maximum ban of 24 matches or two years . Former Italian international Mauro Tassotti was given an eight-match ban in 1994 , the longest suspension in World Cup history , after breaking the nose of Spain 's Luis Enrique . The ban for Liverpool striker , who has been repeatedly linked with a move away from the Premier League club , leaves his club in the lurch as they plan for a return to Europe 's top tier competition -- the Champions League -- next season . "  Liverpool Football Club will wait until we have seen and had time to review the FIFA Disciplinary Committee report before making any further comment , " said the club 's chief executive Ian Ayre in a statement on their website . Already banned twice in his career for biting an opponent , Suarez was at it again in his country 's key World Cup victory over Italy earlier this week . Just before Uruguay 's winning goal , the striker was embroiled in an off the ball incident with Italy defender Chiellini with both men falling to the floor . Television pictures showed Suarez dipping his head towards Chiellini , and when the Italian defender eventually got up , he pulled down his shirt and appeared to furiously indicate that he had been bitten on the shoulder . The Uruguayan was banned for 10 games in April 2013 after being found guilty of biting Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic . He was also guilty of biting during his time in the Netherlands with Ajax where he was banned for seven games after leaving a scar on the collarbone of Otman Bakkal . It 's not just biting that features on Suarez 's rap sheet . At the 2010 World Cup in South Africa , he deliberately handled the ball on the goal-line to deny Ghana a place in the semifinals of the World Cup . He was sent off for his troubles but Ghana missed the penalty and Uruguay went on to finish fourth in the tournament . The following year after his move to Liverpool , Suarez was found guilty of racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra . He was fined $ 63,000 and banned for eight matches . Ahead of the World Cup , Suarez had undergone knee surgery , missing Uruguay 's first World Cup game , before returning to face England , when he scored twice in the South American team 's 2-1 win . "  Before the game people in England laughed about my attitude over the last few years , " Suarez told reporters following the game . "  I want to see what they think now . I have dreamed of this moment . " Suarez enjoyed a sensational season with Liverpool -- scoring 31 league goals to help his club qualify for the Champions League . He was voted Player of the Year by his fellow colleagues and also named as the journalists ' Player of the Year too -- awards that reflected a feeling that Suarez had put behind him his troubled past . But he now looks set to miss Liverpool 's first nine Premier League games of the season and the start of the club 's Champions League campaign .	Uruguay striker Luis Suarez banned for nine international games and four months Suarez guilty of biting Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini Forward has already been banned for biting twice at club level FIFA says Luis Suarez can appeal decision
CNN  -- Eight people in China have been indicted for their roles in an attack in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in October , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported Saturday , citing local authorities . Authorities in the restive Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in western China accused the suspects of organizing , leading and participating as a terrorist group and endangering public security . The people were indicted Friday . The eight are to stand trial in Urumqi , the capital of the region , where Chinese authorities have cracked down on violence involving Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group . The Tiananmen incident occurred October 28 , when a vehicle drove through security barriers into a crowd in the square . It crashed into a pedestrian bridge in front of the Forbidden City and burst into flames . The attack killed five people , including three in the vehicle , and wounded 40 others . Not along after that attack , one Islamic militant group called the strike a "  jihadi operation " and warned of more violence to come . In a speech posted online , Abdullah Mansour , the leader of the Turkestan Islamic Party , said those who carried out the attack were "  mujahideen , " the SITE Intelligence group said in a report . East Turkestan is the name used by many Uyghur groups to refer to Xinjiang . Chinese authorities accuse Uyghurs of carrying out the Beijing attack and have cranked up efforts to thwart violence after two recent high-profile strikes in the Xinjiang region . Twenty-nine people were killed and 130 injured when men armed with long knives stormed a train station in Kunming in March . The following month , an attack on a train station in Urumqi left three dead , including the attackers , and an attack on an Urumqi market this month killed at least 39 . In response , police in Xinjiang launched a crackdown on extremist groups , arresting 200 suspects and seizing hundreds of explosive devices , Chinese state media reported this week . The state 's anti-terrorist force has been beefed up in Xinjiang and security tightened across the country . On Wednesday , a Chinese court sentenced 55 people on terrorism charges before thousands of onlookers in a stadium in Xinjiang . The trial was held in a stadium in Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture before about 7,000 spectators , according to reports . The accused were found guilty by the Higher People 's Court of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of charges including intentional homicide , separatism and organizing , leading and participating in terrorist activities . Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment toward China 's Han majority in recent years over what they say is harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and Han people taking the lion 's share of economic opportunities in Xinjiang . Uyghurs are said to have faced widespread discrimination , including in employment , housing and educational opportunities , as well as curtailed religious freedom and political marginalization . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	There are long-festering grievances among the Uyghur people The Tinanmen incident occurred on October 28 There has been a crackdown against terror in Xinjiang
Washington  CNN  -- The United States is replacing its much-mocked system of color-coded terrorism alerts with detailed advisories about specific threats , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano announced Thursday . "  When we have information about a specific , credible threat , we will issue a formal alert providing as much information as we can , " Napolitano said . That information will include a summary of the threat , steps authorities are taking to guard the public and what the public can do , she said . "  The alerts will be specific to the threat . They may recommend certain actions or suggest looking for specific suspicious behavior . And they will have a specified end date , " Napolitano said in a speech at George Washington University . Napolitano 's formal announcement confirmed reports that emerged Wednesday . The new system , set to take effect in late April , replaces the five-color system established after al Qaeda 's September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . Napolitano said those warnings were "  too often accompanied by little practical information . " The new system , she said , is built on the idea "  that we are all in this together , and that we all have a role to play . " The five-color system has rarely changed from its middle setting of yellow , or "  elevated , " for the general public and orange , or "  high , " for commercial aviation . It has not been lowered below those levels since its establishment in 2002 . The system was the butt of jokes and parodies almost from the start , and polls found that the public considered it confusing . Kate Hanni , of the airline travelers ' advocacy group FlyersRights.org , called it "  very useless . " "  People just ignored it , " Hanni told CNN on Wednesday . Since the color rarely changed , passengers came to believe it did n't mean anything , she said . In addition , some critics accused the Bush administration of manipulating the system to gin up fear at politically sensitive times . Just days after he announced his resignation in 2005 , then-Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge told a Washington forum that he sometimes disagreed with the rationale for raising the alert but was overruled by others on the administration 's Homeland Security Advisory Council , which made the decisions . The Bush administration denied Ridge 's assertions . Napolitano said the new system "  is built on a clear and simple premise : When a threat develops that could impact you -- the public -- we will tell you . " The alerts will distinguish between "  elevated " and "  imminent " threats and could be limited to warnings for specific industries or police or communicated more broadly to the public , she said . The yellow alert was raised to orange five times for the nation as a whole and three times for specific industries . The orange alert for aviation was raised to red once , in August 2006 , and only for flights from Britain to the United States . The alert followed the announcement by British authorities that they had disrupted a major plot to blow up jetliners , and it was lowered back to orange six days later .	"  Specific , credible threats " will be outlined to the public , Napolitano says The warnings will include detailed information and have an end date Critics called the five-color system confusing and "  very useless "
CNN  It was a story that sounded like something out of a horror film : Two young brothers strangled by a 100-pound snake that came crashing through the ceiling as they slept . But this was no work of fiction . It was the all-too-real fate suffered by brothers Connor and Noah Barthe in August 2013 at a sleepover in the home of Jean-Claude Savoie , a family friend who lived above an exotic pet store that he ran in New Brunswick , Canada . Though deemed a tragic accident from the outset , the incident nevertheless remained under investigation , and on Thursday , 18 months later , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police announced that it had "  arrested an individual in connection with the deaths of Noah and Connor Barthe of Campbellton ,  New Brunswick  . " Leslie Matchim , an attorney for Savoie , confirmed that his client was the one arrested . "  It remains to be seen if there will be charges , " Matchim said on Thursday . A call and email to the Crown Prosecutor 's Office was not immediately returned . Savoie was arrested in Montreal , where he has since relocated , some 500 miles away from his Reptile Ocean pet store , according to Matchim . He remained in custody there Thursday night . According to CBC , the African rock python was kept in a glass enclosure similar to an aquarium , but on the night of the sleepover it slithered into the ventilation system . It was above the living room , where Connor , 6 , and Noah , 4 , were sleeping , when the ceiling caved in . Autopsy results revealed that the boys died from asphyxiation .	Pet store owner Jean-Claude Savoie arrested in connection with 2013 deaths of young brothers Connor and Noah Barthe were strangled by a 100-pound python that escaped from Savoie 's pet store The boys were at a sleepover at Savoie 's apartment above the pet store
A judge in California has sent a strong message to anyone who thinks that pointing lasers at aircraft is just harmless fun 'n' games . U.S. District Judge Stephen V. Wilson sentenced a 19-year-old man on Monday to 30 months in federal prison for shining a laser pointer at a plane and police helicopter , according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney 's Office , which prosecuted the case . Adam Gardenhire deliberately pointed the commercial grade green laser at a private Cessna Citation that was landing at the Burbank Bob Hope Airport in California on March 29 , 2012 . Gardenhire , of North Hollywood , California , was arrested and pleaded guilty in the incident as part of an agreement with prosecutors in October . FBI : ` Epidemic level ' of laser attacks on planes in U.S. . The pilot of the corporate jet was hit in the eye multiple times and had vision problems through the next day , court documents say . Later , a helicopter sent by the Pasadena Police Department to investigate the incident also was again hit by a laser , but the pilot had protective equipment and was not injured . In court documents , his attorney argued he did not intend to put anyone at risk . "  Gardenhire had no idea that the deceptively ordinary laser he had borrowed from a friend was powerful enough to be seen by , much less distract , a pilot thousands of feet away , " wrote attorney Sean Kennedy . Gardenhire is the second person indicted under the new federal law making it a federal crime to target aircraft with lasers , according the U.S. Attorney 's office . In 2005 , there were fewer than 300 incidents where planes were targeted , but that number grew by more than 12 times to nearly 3600 in 2011 , according to the FAA . "  Shining a laser into the cockpit of an aircraft is not a joke , " the agency 's former administrator , Randy Babbitt , said in 2011 announcing a crackdown . "  These lasers can temporarily blind a pilot and make it impossible to safely land the aircraft , jeopardizing the safety of the passengers and people on the ground . " The FAA attributes the massive increase in incidents to laser pointers being more widely available online , stronger power levels , and an increase in green lasers which are easier to see , as well as better reporting of the incidents by pilots .	Adam Gardenhire , 19 , gets two and a half years in federal prison He admitted last year that he pointed laser at aircraft in Burbank , California His attorney writes that Gardenhire had no idea of hazards the laser could pose U.S. Attorney 's Office said the judge sent message with the sentence
CNN  -- "  Kazakhstan 's political elites appear to enjoy typical hobbies -- such as travel , horseback riding and skiing . Not surprisingly , however , they are able to indulge their hobbies on a grand scale . " So begins a cable from a diplomat at the U.S. Embassy in Kazakhstan , written in 2008 . What follows is an eye-opening tale of lavish living , including Elton John 's performance at a birthday party for a seven-figure sum , a palace in the Emirates and prodigious drinking . Coming on the day U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrives in Kazakhstan for a conference , the timing of the leak could not have been more poignant . The cable begins with a visit by U.S. diplomats to President Nursultan Nazarbaev 's horse farm , which has "  a large stable , indoor and outdoor riding arenas and a clubhouse " as well as about 40 horses from various parts of the world . "  Nazarbaev is also fond of traveling to warmer climes , " the cable continues , mentioning that he had traded local property for a "  palace " in the United Arab Emirates . Quoting Turkish officials , the cable adds that the Kazakh president also had a mansion in Turkey . Other Kazakh officials also come under the spotlight , with a detailed account of Prime Minister Karim Masimov 's visit to a nightclub called Chocolat in the capital , Astana . Apparently , the prime minister was quite the dancer : "  His companions quickly tired but Masimov remained , dancing alone and animatedly for another 15-20 minutes . " Later , the cable describes a dinner held for a visiting U.S. delegation by one of Kazakhstan 's wealthiest men , Aleksandr Maskevich . "  It is not clear what Maskevich is spending his billions on , " the cable continues , "  but it is certainly not culinary talent . " The menu featured boiled meat and noodles , and "  the wait staff appeared to be graduates of a Soviet cafeteria trading academy . " In a section entitled "  Private Concerts With The Stars , " the cable describes the 2007 birthday celebrations of the president 's son-in-law , Timur Kulibayev . Not only were Russia 's biggest pop stars on hand , "  The headliner was Elton John , to whom he reportedly paid 1 million pounds  $ 1.55 million  for this one-time appearance . " CNN has reached out to John 's representatives for comment . In the same year , singer Nelly Furtado was reportedly flown in to perform for Nazarbaev 's daughter . It seems that being posted to Kazakhstan was rarely dull , as far as characters are concerned . The leaked cable ends with a florid description of then Defense Minister Daniyal Akhmetov , who "  appears to enjoy loosening up in the tried and true ` homo-sovieticus ' style -- i.e. drinking oneself into a stupor . " It recounts a meeting between the minister and a senior U.S. Defense Department official in June 2007 . "  Slouching in his chair and slurring all kinds of Russian participles , Akhmetov explained to this very senior guest that he had just been at a cadet graduation reception , ` toasting Kazakhstan 's newly-commissioned officers . ' " Spotting the opportunity for a zinger , the cable 's author observes : "  Who was toasted more -- the Defense Minister or the cadets -- is a matter of pure speculation . "	Dispatch from U.S. Embassy tells of free-flowing liquor , visits from stars Kazakh president owns luxury homes in United Arab Emirates , Turkey Cable derides dinner hosted by one of nation 's wealthiest men
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Thick fog and steep , mountainous terrain forced rescuers to halt their efforts to reach the wreckage of a Russian jetliner that crashed on a demonstration flight in Indonesia , the country 's state news agency reported Thursday . The Sukhoi Superjet 100 came to rest on the side of Mount Salak , a volcano south of Jakarta , Vice Marshal Daryatmo , head of the National Search and Rescue Agency , told the Indonesian news agency Antara . Efforts to reach the wreck are expected to resume Friday morning , said Daryatmo , who like many Indonesians uses only one name . "  We have identified the crash coordinates , but our personnel have not yet arrived at the location , " Antara quoted Daryatmo as saying . "  However , because there is thick fog covering Mount Salak and the tilt of the cliff is 85 degrees , the evacuation process has been halted until tomorrow morning . " The Russian Investigative Committee said 48 people were on board the plane , including eight Russian crew members . But the Russian news agency RIA-Novosti said the number was 45 , citing Sukhoi Civil Aviation President Vladimir Prisyazhnyuk as saying three of the people on the passenger list did not board the flight . The wreckage was spotted at an elevation of about 5,800 feet  nearly 1,800 meters  . Gagah Prakoso , a spokesman for the rescue agency , said the authorities hope to start removing bodies from the area by helicopter Friday , and there has been no sign that anyone survived . Daryatmo said the Sukhoi logo had been identified amid the wreckage of the plane , which disappeared off radar screens Wednesday . An image released by the Indonesian military showed bits of debris strewn across a patch of steep mountainside that had been stripped bare of the thick surrounding vegetation . The cause of the crash remained unclear . The Russian Investigative Committee said it had launched a criminal probe into possible safety violations . The plane was on a demonstration flight for Indonesian Ministry of Transportation officials and representatives of Indonesian airlines , the Russian Embassy in Jakarta said before the crash . Indonesia 's Sky Aviation signed a $ 380 million deal in 2011 to buy 12 Sukhoi Superjet 100s , and press reports said a number of Sky employees were on the plane that went down . Sukhoi employees are also among the missing . It was the first crash of a Sukhoi Superjet 100 , RIA-Novosti said . The plane was on its second demonstration flight Wednesday when it lost contact with air controllers at Jakarta 's Halim Perdanakusuma Airport . "  The first demonstration flight in the morning went smoothly . There were no problems , " said Sunaryo , an official with Sukhoi 's Indonesian agent , Trimarga Rekatama , who also uses only one name . On the second flight , the plane began making its descent but vanished from radar screens at 6,200 feet in a mountainous area . The plane lost contact with air traffic controllers at 2:12 p.m. , 21 minutes after taking off , said Daryatmo , the rescue agency chief . Two helicopters were immediately sent out to search for the plane but had to return to their bases because of strong winds and unpredictable weather . The Sukhoi jet arrived in Jakarta as part of a demonstration tour of six Asian countries . It had been to Myanmar , Pakistan and Kazakhstan , and was scheduled to visit Laos and Vietnam after Indonesia , RIA-Novosti said . Sukhoi manufactures military aircraft and is known especially for its fighter jets . Its civilian aircraft is narrow-bodied with a dual-class cabin that can transport 100 passengers over regional routes . It flew its maiden flight in 2008 . In March , a Superjet 100 operated by Russia 's Aeroflot Airlines was forced to abandon its flight to Astrakhan , Russia , and return to Moscow because of problems with the undercarriage , according to RIA Novosti . A similar defect in another Aeroflot-operated Superjet 100 plane had to be fixed in Minsk in December . Russia 's state-run United Aircraft Corp. said the defect did not affect passenger safety . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko in Moscow contributed to this report .	NEW : Fog and steep terrain force a halt to the search , official says Rescue workers have not found any survivors so far in plane wreckage in Indonesia They plan to start removing bodies from a mountainous area Friday The Sukhoi Superjet 100 started to descend and then vanished off radar screens
CNN  -- Just 12 miles south of the spot where a police officer killed Michael Brown , it happened again : Another 18-year-old died at the hands of police Wednesday . An off-duty officer opened fire on the teen , and the policeman did n't stop until he 'd fired his weapon 17 times , authorities say . Anger erupted among residents , who damaged police cars , and they pointed to what they felt were parallels to the Brown shooting . But in reality , the similarities are slim . Yes , the teen was black . And the officer was white . Yes , the officer fired several times . And it all unfolded in the St. Louis metro area . But the commonalities end there . In this case , the 18-year-old was armed , and he fired on the officer first , St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson said . The death comes on the heels of the Brown shooting two months ago in the suburb of Ferguson , and just ahead of a "  Weekend of Resistance " in St. Louis , where activists will push for movement in the investigation into that case . Tensions are already high in the community , and it 's uncertain how the latest shooting will affect its mood . "  At the scene of yet another young man 's death , " tweeted St. Louis Alderman Antonio French . "  This happens too often in our city . It 's a crisis that we should all be concerned about . " An animated crowd quickly gathered late Wednesday near the site close to the Missouri Botanical Garden , chanting slogans as St. Louis police officers stood by . "  Hey , hey , ho , ho , these killer cops have got to go , " the crowd chanted , repurposing a popular chant from the Brown protests . The confrontations with police were intense and laced with profanity . "  That was somebody 's baby , " screamed one man , referring to the man who was killed . "  Think about your own child , " pleaded another person in the crowd . Despite the tensions , Dotson said no businesses were looted and no windows were smashed . He praised officers for showing a "  tremendous amount of restraint " as members of the crowd confronted them face-to-face and damaged police cruisers . Complete coverage of Ferguson The officer , a six-year veteran of the force , was working a second job for a security company , one that was approved by his department . He was wearing his police uniform . While on patrol , the officer saw three black males run away as he approached . He gave chase because one of them was holding up his pants in a way that made the officer believe the teen may be carrying a gun , Dotson said . The officer and one of the three tussled . The teen ran off , then turned around and fired at least three shots at the officer , Dotson said . The officer returned fire , killing the teen . Police recovered a 9 mm handgun . And Dotson said the teen was "  no stranger to law enforcement . " He did n't offer details , citing privacy concerns . The two other males have not been apprehended . In August , the death of the unarmed Brown fueled protests and sparked a nationwide debate on police use of force . Protesters are planning a series of demonstrations , rallies and events in Ferguson and St. Louis this weekend to call for an end to racial profiling and what they call police violence . This weekend 's protests start with a rally outside the office of the prosecutor investigating the Brown shooting . Demonstrators will call for Bob McCulloch to step aside and allow a special prosecutor to be appointed . Additional marches and demonstrations will mark the weekend , along with "  civil disobedience actions around the St. Louis region , " according to a statement from organizers that also says thousands of people from across the country are expected . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Tony Marco and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Police : Officer fired at least 17 shots , the suspect at least 3 The officer was not injured ; a gun was recovered An investigation is underway Protests are planned this weekend in Ferguson and St. Louis
CNN  -- The list of Russians targeted by Western sanctions is expanding . The EU has added a further 12 names to its original 21-strong lists , while the U.S. focused its sanctions on some of the key people from President Vladimir Putin 's inner circle . Here is a selection of some of the most interesting names from the lists : Vladislav Surkov Surkov is a close aide and adviser to Putin . He is often described as the "  Gray Cardinal " of the Kremlin , one of the masterminds behind the current Russian political system . He served as the deputy chief of staff of Putin 's presidential office and as Putin 's deputy when Putin held the position of prime minister . Surkov resigned from that position last year . Valentina Matviyenko , Speaker of the Federation Council Effectively number three on Russia 's power list , and one of the highest-ranking women in Russian politics . Matviyenko is a firm supporter of Putin and rose to power as the governor of St. Petersburg , Putin 's home town . She is credited with bringing major investors into St. Petersburg and transforming the city into an international hub . Several global companies , including General Motors and Nissan invested in the region while it was under her governorship . Arkady and Boris Rotenberg The Rotenberg brothers have close links with Putin , having been his sparring partners in judo training for years . Boris is the president of Dynamo Moscow football club , while Arkady is an executive for Dynamo 's ice-hockey club . The U.S. says the two received about $ 7 billion in contracts for the Sochi Olympic Games . "  They have made billions of dollars in contracts for Gazprom and the Sochi Winter Olympics awarded to them by Putin , " the U.S. Treasury Department said in a statement announcing the sanctions . Gennady Timchenko , founder of energy trading company Gunvor Magnate Gennady Timchenko 's activities in the energy sector have been directly linked to Putin , according to the U.S. Treasury . Gunvor is responsible for much of Russia 's oil export transactions . In a statement Thursday , Gunvor said Timchenko sold all his shares in the company on March 19 . It added that Putin "  has not and never has had any ownership " interest in Gunvor . The U.S. said Putin has investments in Gunvor , and may have access to Gunvor funds . Dmitry Kiselev , news anchor One of the most influential pro-Kremlin journalists in Russia . Known for his highly controversial views . Advocating Russia 's anti-gay laws in 2013 , he said : "  I believe it is not enough to impose fines on gays for engaging in the propaganda of homosexuality among adolescents . We need to ban them from donating blood and sperm , and if they die in car accidents , we need to bury their hearts in the ground or burn them as they 're unsuitable for the aiding of anyone 's life . " Sergei Ivanov , Chief of staff of the presidential executive office Ivanov has been Putin 's colleague for decades , since their years of service in the Soviet KGB in St. Petersburg . They continued working together in the Federal Security Office in the 1990s and later in politics . Ivanov served as Putin 's first deputy prime minister from 2001 to 2007 and was seen as one of Putin 's potential successors in 2008 . Vladimir Yakunin , Russian railway chairman Yakunin is another St Petersburg figure . The Russian Railway chief was in charge of some of the biggest infrastructure projects of the Sochi Winter Olympics . Yakunin was also involved in a holiday housing community in the countryside outside St Petersburg . Set up in the 90s , media has speculated that Putin was also involved in the housing cooperative , together with Ivanov and Kovalchuk . Yuri Kovalchuk , Bank Rossiya 's largest shareholder . The U.S. Treasury Department described Kovalchuk as "  the personal banker " to Putin and other senior Russian officials . Bank Rossiya is Russia 's 17th biggest bank , with $ 10 billion in assets , according to a senior U.S. administration official . It has substantial interests in oil and gas . Elena Mizulina  also known as Yelena Mizulina  , a State Duma Deputy Mizulina was one of the parliamentarians behind Russia 's anti-gay legislation and was also a strong proponent of the anti-Magnitsky law , which banned adoptions of Russian orphans by American families . Read more : Would World Cup boycott hit harder ? Read more : U.S. sanctions on Russia begin to bite Document : Full U.S. Treasury list CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Nina Dos Santos , Nick Paton Walsh , Susannah Palk and CNNMoney 's Mark Thompson contributed to this report .	The list of Russians targeted includes some of Vladimir Putin 's closest aides Highest-ranking politicians and influential businessmen are among those listed Informal aides and long-term allies to Putin are banned from traveling to EU and the U.S.
Aurora , Colorado  CNN  -- Tania Nava has one piece of advice for anyone seeking to come out of the shadows and pursue a path to U.S. citizenship : do n't do it . She says her decision to become a legal citizen is one of the reasons her husband was murdered . "  I should 've stayed illegal this whole time , " the 21-year old widow said . "  Jake would still be here . " Jake Reyes-Neal , an American citizen , had traveled to Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , last year to protect his wife as she waited for the long , complicated process to attain U.S. citizenship . Instead , Reyes-Neal -- who had never been to Mexico and did n't speak Spanish -- became one of the thousands of homicide victims in Juarez as his family watched helplessly . Nava and Reyes-Neal were high school sweethearts in Aurora , Colorado , and they got married at 18 after she gave birth to their son , Anthony . Nava decided that the next step to build her new life with her husband and child was to apply for U.S. citizenship . Her parents had brought her to the United States illegally at the age of 7 . Although Reyes-Neal was an American citizen , their marriage did n't automatically give Nava legal status , so she still faced possible deportation . So the 18-year-old couple began navigating the intricate U.S. citizenship laws and regulations without the help of a costly lawyer . When Nava tried to apply for citizenship , she learned that federal law said she had to leave the United States and barred her from returning for up to 10 years because she had resided in the country illegally . She could apply for a hardship waiver requesting that U.S. immigration officials not separate her from her husband and child , both American citizens . But she had to file that waiver in her birth country , and that meant packing up and moving to Ciudad Juarez , Mexico . Every year , more than 100,000 people travel to the U.S. consulate in Juarez to attain legal status . The consulate was set up to handle the permanent immigration visas years ago before the city became so violent . Immigration attorney Shawn Mead calls the policy a perfect catch-22 . "  It 's an impossible situation : They have the option of staying here unlawfully , not being able to get their residence now or ever , or going and living in the city of Juarez , a place where people do get murdered all the time , " Mead said . Nava left her husband and young son in Aurora and attempted to live in her native Mexico , where she felt like a foreigner . She lived with her grandmother in Juarez , where more than 3,000 people were murdered in 2010 . Last year , that number fell to just below 2,000 -- the first time the murder rate has dropped in four years . "  We were aware of everything , " Nava said of the dangers in Juarez . "  I mean , where we lived was a really bad neighborhood . We would drive by , and there were a couple shootings , and they had the bodies right there and everything . " Meanwhile , back in Aurora , the separation was proving even more difficult for Anthony , and it was n't long before Reyes-Neal packed up and moved to Juarez to keep his family together . In a letter to the consulate , Jake pleaded for a hardship waiver allowing his wife to live in the United States while awaiting permanent legal residency . "  I am living with my wife and son in perilous and very dangerous conditions in Juarez , Mexico . We live with fear of our lives on a daily basis , " he wrote . "  As U.S Citizens , my son and I are facing extreme danger everyday we wake up in one of the most violent cities in the world . " His plea went unanswered , and within six months , Reyes-Neal 's fear proved prophetic . He was shot more than 80 times outside the family 's home . Nava 's uncle was also killed in the attack . The motive was unclear , although the family suspects robbery . "  The last thing I heard was him saying , ' I do n't speak Spanish , ' ` No hablo espa  ol , ' and that 's it . And then I just heard the shots , and then I waited for a little bit because I was scared to go down there . I just went down there with Anthony and my grandma , and they were right there on the floor , on the ground , " Nava said . Nava was covered in her husband 's blood before she realized she was still holding their 2-year-old son . That night still haunts her . "  It 's hard to sleep at night , because every time I think about them , the image pops in my head of them , they 're on the ground . And as much as I try to block it out of my head , I ca n't , " she said , wiping away tears . Today , Nava and her son live in Aurora , where she has a green card and is awaiting awaiting a path to permanent citizenship . "  The tragedy that this family has suffered is most unfortunate , most tragic , " said Alejandro Mayorkas , the director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services . "  What we can do within the current laws is develop process improvements that mitigate the dangers and hopefully avoid tragedies to the best of our abilities . " Immigration Services has recently proposed a rule change aimed at reducing the time U.S. citizens are separated from their spouses and children during the process of becoming legal immigrants . The proposal would streamline the process of obtaining hardship waivers by allowing U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to process certain waiver applications in the United States before an applicant departs for an immigrant visa interview with a U.S. consular officer abroad . In other words , it would reduce both the time the family spends apart and the time spent in harm 's way in places like Juarez . Mayorkas says that as it stands , the immigration system punishes those who , like Nava , attempt to obey the law . "  I have been working in the immigration system now for almost two and a half years . As a federal prosecutor , I worked in enforcing immigration laws throughout the 1990s for approximately 12 years . Working in the system now , it is evident to me that the concern about a broken immigration system is indeed warranted and well grounded , " Mayorkas said . The proposed rule change still has to go through several steps including a period of public comment before becoming official . But whenever it happens , it will be too late for families such as those of Jake Reyes-Neal . CNN 's Jim Spellman contributed to this report .	Tania Nava was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child After marrying a U.S. citizen , she tried to become a legal immigrant U.S. policy requires her to file in Ciudad Juarez , one of Mexico 's most dangerous cities After heading to Juarez to protect her , Nava 's husband was shot and killed
CNN  -- It 's not as futuristic as greenhouses on Mars , but farmers on terra firma are using space-based technology to certify organic crops . Satellites have been used to prove that crops were fertilizer-free in a year-long project by Ecocert , one of Europe 's leading organic certification agencies , and the European Space Agency . Instead of just detailed overhead photos , infra-red and thermal images and other data was collected and deciphered to gain a "  spectral signature " of the crops and soil . From that Ecocert say they can determine if a plant is organically-grown or not . The trials proved over 80 % successful , according to Dr Pierre Ott of Ecocert , and compared to physically going to fields to collect , test and certify them , much more time effective . While the technology for organic certification needs to be improved -- the Ecocert test only worked on wheat and corn grown in large fields -- satellites are already sweeping huge swathes of the world 's arable land . From Californian vineyards and Chinese rice fields to Colombian coffee plantations and Kenyan crops , satellites imagery is being used to monitor land and water use and promote environmental protection . "  Satellites have become commonplace in agriculture , " says Geoff Wade , director of natural resource industries for global information software company ESRI . Originally used to calculate subsidies owed to farmers in the European Union , the technology has developed at a rapid pace . "  They are so good now , " says Wade "  In the last few years six-inch imagery is commonplace . The level of detail of six-inch imagery on a field is incredible . People can genuinely use satellite imagery to fertilize correctly , or manage water stress . " Through software developed by ESRI and applied by eLeaf , a company that supplies data on water use and vegetation , individual farmers and small-holders are able to get the benefit of the precise information about the state of their crops . In an ongoing eLeaf project , funded by the International Fund for Agricultural Development , farmers in Ethiopia , Sudan and Kenya are sent a text message on when to irrigate or fertilize crops . Another project to promote environmental protection in South Africa measured the water consumption of natural vegetation compared to invasive species and agriculture for food production . While the satellites and information technology are hugely expensive the cost of the information to the end users and farmers is not . "  Depending on the resolution of the images , it can be anything from a few cents to a few euros per hectare , " says Patrick Sheridan of eLeaf There is still some way to go before satellites can take the place of farmers and be used to totally manage crops , water supplies and tell the difference between organic and non-organic crops . The main obstacles to better and cheaper data are improving the resolution of images so more crops in smaller spaces can be analyzed , plus the revisit times of the satellites . "  But it 's still really good , " enthuses Wade . "  You 'd need lots of people to visit crops every week to do what a satellite can do . " For Sheridan the biggest role satellite geo-information will have in the future is in providing data on water conservation and management . "  In a few years , we 'll have nine billion people living on this earth and in a lot of regions water is already scarce , but in about 50 % of these people will live in water stress positions . We can tell governments ` Are you doing ok ? '  in water management  or is there room for improvement , and that is really in quite high demand . "	Satellites used to certify organic crops in Europe in pilot project Partnership with organic certification company and European Space Agency Satellites being used by farmers to water crops , protect environment
CNN  -- It 's been nine months since pop music superstar Whitney Houston passed away , but her legacy continues to live on via television musical tributes , a recently released Greatest Hits compilation , the DVD release of her final film work , "  Sparkle , " and a critically panned reality show starring her family members . "  These projects are just some of the things that are a continuation of her legacy , " said her sister-in-law/manager , Pat Houston . "  They 're showing Whitney in a very beautiful light . For the past 10 years or more , it has been very turbulent with the media and her personal life . " In the time leading up to her death , negative media attention plagued Houston , who was one of the best-selling artists of all time . A new book of photographs aims to shine a more positive light on her legacy . Released last week , it 's called , "  Whitney : A Tribute to An Icon . " Curated by acclaimed photographer Randee St. Nicolas , the oversized book features over 130 images of Houston captured by 22 world-class shutterbugs : Patrick Demarchelier , David LaChapelle , Sante D'Orazio , Bill Jones , Dana Lixenberg and Steven Meisel are just a few who shot her over the past 30 years . Whitney Houston 's storied career : A regal rise , a tragic fall With a 30-plus year career in the music business , the Los Angeles based photographer -- who first met the pop superstar at the Bel Air Hotel while she was filming "  The Bodyguard " -- was entrusted by Houston 's estate to handle the daunting task . "  To know her is to love her through and through and when I was looking through the thousands of photographs that was sent for the book , they were all amazing , " St. Nicholas told CNN.com . With just six weeks to complete "  Tribute to An Icon " -- the book publisher wanted to make sure it was in stores during the holiday season -- St. Nicholas and her team combed through archives from various sources to obtain the perfect images for the project . The book showcases the "  Saving All My Love For You " chanteuse in work mode : at photo shoots , in concert , at video shoots , movie stills , etc. . And according to St. Nicholas , that was the intention . "  In this book , I did not think we should have any pictures of anyone but Whitney . It 's a tribute to her and it 's of her professional side , her career , her 30 years of being an iconic artist . " But two of the pics do involve other people . One features an unseen Clive Davis , Houston 's longtime mentor and one features child Bobbi Kristina -- the last page of the book . "  That day I remember really well , " Nicholas recalled . "  It was shot at the Four Seasons Hotel and I was shooting all of them . I shot amazing pictures of Whitney and  Bobby Brown  too . It was a very good time in their relationship . And they were both in great spirits . But it was the way that Whitney looked at her in that picture and the way Bobbi Kristina was focused on her , I feel that it captured the connection , obviously some kind of karmic connection of not between just a mother and a child but between two souls . And I thought it was s such a poignant moment and it was so full of joy and they seem so content and so complete and I thought it was a nice way to end the book . That was her heart right there . " Photos : Never-seen photos of a young Whitney Houston According to Pat Houston , who also oversees Houston 's estate , Nicholas was one of Whitney Houston 's most beloved photographers , one she called on regularly . And after seeing her work on the Prince coffee-table book , "  21 Nights , " she knew she was the right person for the job . "  It was a no-brainer , " Houston said . "  She did a phenomenal job . " St. Nicholas , who has worked with countless music stars and directs music videos , was reluctant to do another musician book . "  When you 've done a book with Prince you 've already done it , " she said . "  But because I love Whitney so much , I thought why do n't I do something with a broader scope . It should n't just be about my 20-something year relationship with Whitney , it should be about Whitney over the last 30 years of her career and it 's much broader than me because she worked with many photographers . Even though she and I had a total love-fest , there are other opportunities for other people who 've shot her . " According to Pat Houston , all of the photographers -- who contributed the work at no cost -- graciously worked closely with St. Nicholas in the tight time frame . Aside from writing the poignant Foreword to the book , Davis , who reigned supreme as the Chief Executive Hit-maker at Arista Records for 30 years , even had some input . Nicholas called on the legendary music executive for advice and to make sure "  she got it right " once it was in the finishing stages . "  It was a really an emotional journey for him , " she said . "  He said it was like looking at his life , ` This is my whole life right here . ' He said to me , ' I really want to make sure that we capture those really important , poignant moments in her life . ' The one thing he added was pictures from ` The Bodyguard . ' Other than that , we 'd gotten it all . " Pat Houston could n't be more proud of "  Tribute to An Icon . " "  We 've been talking abut a book for quite some time and this is a continuation of one of the projects that we wanted to do and it 's for the fans , an enclosure , " she said . "  She was such a beautiful , beautiful person physically and had such a gift , a God given gift . We wanted the pages , the photography to remind them of who she really was . " "  I hope they can really enjoy it for years and pass it on for generation after generation . " People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Acclaimed music photographer Randee St. Nicholas curated coffee table book Sister-in-law Pat Houston conceptualized project to shine light on Houston 's legacy "  Tribute to An Icon " features works from top fashion and entertainment photographers
CNN  -- The last of six Texas A&M University mariners who went missing in the Gulf of Mexico was found dead Sunday afternoon , the Coast Guard said . The other five crewmates were rescued earlier in the day . Members of the Texas A&M Offshore Sailing Team are shown in this photo from the team 's Web site . The deceased mariner was identified by the university as Roger Stone , the vessel 's second safety officer . The survivors -- four university students and a safety officer -- told the Coast Guard they were forced off their sailboat after it took on water and capsized . "  The flooding was so fast that the thing flipped over , " Coast Guard Capt. William Diehl told CNN . The sailboat , named Cynthia Woods , was one of about two dozen boats heading from Galveston , Texas , to Veracruz , Mexico , for the annual Veracruz Regatta race , which began on Friday . Diehl said the boat was well-stocked with safety equipment -- including emergency radio beacons , life rafts and ring buoys -- but the crew could only manage to find four life jackets after the boat tipped over . "  The survivors told us that -LSB- when -RSB- they went into the water , they had four life jackets among the five , and they huddled together and they exchanged the life jackets among them so that they could stay afloat , " Diehl said . Communication with the boat was lost about midnight Friday , and the boat missed its 8 a.m. radio check the next morning , the Coast Guard reported . A sailboat matching the description of the missing 38-foot boat was found overturned about 5:15 p.m. Saturday , authorities said . The five survivors were found several hours later about 23 miles south of Freeport , Texas , according to the Coast Guard 's press release . They were lifted to safety by a U.S. Coast Guard helicopter around 2 a.m. local time and taken to University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston for treatment . The search for the missing crew member involved two Coast Guard helicopters , a Falcon jet , a Marine Corps C-130 -- which has night-vision capabilities -- and the Coast Guard cutter Manowar . All of those on board the capsized sailboat were experienced sailors , Diehl said . "  They were very well trained , " Diehl said . "  Obviously -LSB- they were -RSB- the more senior cadets at the university here , and they had very experienced safety people on board . " When rescuers retrieved the capsized boat 's hull , Diehl said the keel was missing . "  That 's the part that keeps the sailboat balanced in the water , " he said . "  And from talking to the survivors this morning , that 's where the flooding started for them . " The 725-mile Veracruz regatta began on Friday and boats are expected to arrive in Veracruz on Wednesday and Thursday .	Deceased mariner identified by the university as Roger Stone Coast Guard rescues five sailors reported missing Texas A&M sailboat was taking part in regatta from Galveston to Veracruz , Mexico Boat 's six-person crew missed 8 a.m. radio check Saturday
CNN  -- South Korea 's Seung-Yul Noh recorded his maiden PGA Tour victory despite a sustained challenge from a clutch of Americans at the Zurich Classic in New Orleans . The 22-year-old Noh carded his first bogeys on the TPC Louisiana course during the final round as he carded a one-under-par 71 for a total of 19-under 269 . That left him two shots clear of Andrew Svoboda and Robert Streb , with U.S. Ryder Cup player Jeff Overton a further shot back . All three threatened to prevent Noh 's breakthrough triumph , but were unable to overhaul him on a tense final day . Noh , who played with a yellow insignia on his cap as a mark of respect to the ferry tragedy in his country , may have owed his victory to a fortunate pitch shot on the 13th . His effort from 81 feet away struck the flag full on and fell to just three feet away before he made a crucial birdie . But a three-putt bogey on the 15th saw his lead over Streb slip to a single shot after the home player birdied the 16th . Noh responded with a birdie of his own on the 16th and a clutch putt to save par on the 17th ultimately kept him two shots clear . Last day playing partner Keegan Bradley suffered a nightmare final round on the greens , lipping out several short putts to see his challenge fade with a 75 . England 's Justin Rose showed encouraging form ahead of his defense of the U.S. Open title in June with a final round 68 to finish in a tie for sixth on 13-under , the same mark as Bradley . Meanwhile on the European Tour , Frenchman Alexander Levy scored his maiden victory by taking the $ 3.2 million China Open . The 23-year-old was the overnight leader and carded a three-under 69 on Shenzhen 's par-72 Genzon Golf Club for a score of 19-under-par and the $ 530,000 winner 's check . He finished four shots clear of England 's Tommy Fleetwood with Spain 's Alvaro Quiros in third place . Levy held the lead since a superb second round 62 Friday and kept his nerve on the final day .	Seung-Yul Noh wins maiden PGA Tour event Noh finishes on 19-under 269 in New Orleans Andrew Svoboda and Robert Streb two shots back in joint second Alexander Levy claims first win on European Tour in China
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- House and Senate Democrats reached agreement late Monday on a budget resolution for 2010 , which includes key spending priorities for the young Obama administration . The Senate and House could vote on the budget resolution Tuesday . President Obama 's budget request is $ 3.67 trillion . "  This budget is a major accomplishment , " Senate Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad said in a statement . "  We are meeting President Obama 's goals of reducing our dependence on foreign energy , striving for excellence in education , reforming our health care system , and providing middle-class tax relief . " The agreement came as lawmakers were reconciling the House and Senate versions of the budget package . The president 's budget request is $ 3.67 trillion . The full Senate and House are each expected to vote on the fiscal 2010 budget resolution this week . The House vote could come as soon as Tuesday . Budget negotiators have fast-tracked part of the budget process . Major health reform is likely to pass this year , because the special process -- known as budget reconciliation -- wo n't allow Republicans to filibuster the legislation , as was widely expected . Democrats , who currently control 58 seats in the Senate , will be able to pass it with a simple majority vote , instead of the 60 needed to overcome a filibuster . Separately , conservative Democrats in the House , who have been pushing for a strong statement from leadership on fiscal responsibility in the budget , may have some of their concerns addressed . A Democratic aide told CNN that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and House Majority Whip Steny Hoyer are drafting a letter to Senate leaders "  throwing down the gauntlet " to insist that a pay-as-you-go system be followed , which would require new federal spending to be offset with budget cuts or tax increases . President Barack Obama called for the so-called "  PAYGO " legislation in his weekend radio address . The budget resolution would limit increases in non-defense discretionary spending to 2.9 percent through 2014 , according to Conrad . "  While the budget resolution takes important steps in the near-term of cutting the deficit in half by 2012 and by two-thirds by 2014 , it is clear that more will be needed to address the long-term fiscal imbalance confronting the nation beyond the five-year budget window , " said Conrad . President Obama gathered his Cabinet members last week and challenged them to cut a total of $ 100 million in the next 90 days . In the context of the federal budget , $ 100 million in savings is a tiny amount , critics said . It is the equivalent , according to one example , of having a car dealer offer to shave $ 1 from the cost of a $ 36,700 vehicle . "  Any amount of savings is obviously welcome , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said at the time . "  But  $ 100 million is  about the average amount we 'll spend every single day just covering the interest on the stimulus package that we passed earlier this year . " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said ordinary Americans would nevertheless appreciate the savings effort . "  Only in Washington , D.C. , is $ 100 million dollars not a lot of money . It is where I 'm from . It is where I grew up . And I think it is for hundreds of millions of Americans . " CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	House and Senate Dems say President Obama 's goals addressed in resolution Democratic leaders urge pay-as-you-go system that Obama has emphasized Senate and House are each expected to vote on the budget resolution this week
CNN  -- The unprecedented success of two German teams reaching the final of the Champions League is down to the Bundesliga 's investment in young players , the chief executive of the league told CNN Tuesday . Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund battle it out Saturday at Wembley to claim European club football 's most prestigious title . They have broken the stranglehold of the English Premier League and Spain 's La Liga in providing the the Champions League winners and Christian Seifert claims the major factor has been a crop of home grown talent in both teams . "  On Saturday we will have 16 or 17 German players on the pitch , " he said . Seifert said that decisions taken by the German federation and the Bundesliga after a poor showing at the European Championships in 2000 paved the way for the current triumphs at both club and international level . "  Each club that wanted to play in the top two tiers of the Bundesliga -- 36 clubs -- had to have youth academy , " he said . "  Today more than 100 million euros per year is invested and 5,000 players are educated in the program . " By the end of the first decade of the 21st century , it was clear German football had a promising crop of talent and at the 2009 European under-21 championships the evidence was overwhelming . A team containing goalkeeeper Manuel Neuer and defenders Jerome Boateng and Mats Hummels , who are all likely to feature in Saturday 's showpiece final , thrashed England 4-0 in the final . Sami Khedira and Mesut Ozil , ironically now in a Real Madrid side shocked by Dortmund in this season 's Champions League semifinals , were also in that German team . "  Virtually every member of today 's German national team played in that squad , " said Seifert . His views have been echoed by CNN FC contributor Owen Hargreaves , who played for Bayern Munich as the youth revolution got underway . Former England international Hargreaves said the English Premier League should learn the lessons of the Bundesliga experiment and give more opportunities to young players . One area where the EPL does still reign is in overall revenues , but Seifert , who comes from a marketing business background , believes the Bundesliga is catching up . "  We have the second biggest turnover of the major leagues although far behind the EPL . "  We have sold our TV rights in 208 countries but we are seeing increased interest because of the Champions League success . " Even he though was surprised by seeing two Bundesliga sides in the final . "  Bayern Munich is probably not such a big surprise -- it 's their third final in four years -- but Borussia Dortmund getting there with a relatively young team is , " he said . Dortmund won the trophy back in 1997 in their only final appearance , Bayern , with Hargreaves in the line up , last took the honors in 2001 and will be looking to put their shock defeat to Chelsea in last year 's final on their home Allianz Arena behind them . But for 44-year-old Seifert whichever team wins it will not matter as the Bundesliga goes from strength to strength .	Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund battle for Champions League title First time two Bundesliga clubs have contested the final CEO of Bundesliga says their youth policy has paid off Each team in top two tiers must have an academy
CNN  -- Roars , growls and galloping hooves replaced music Tuesday on some of Mogadishu 's radio stations in a protest of a ban on music imposed by Islamic extremists . Radio Shabelle , along with the stations Tusmo and Hornafrik , were responding to threats from Muslim militant groups that believe music is un-Islamic and want it prohibited . Mogadishu 's 14 private radio stations stopped playing music Tuesday after Hizbul al-Islam , an Islamic extremist group , issued a 10-day ultimatum . The threat was backed by the main militant group al-Shabaab , which has been linked to al Qaeda . A statement from the National Union of Somali Journalists said several stations received calls , warning them that there would be consequences if they failed to comply with the ban within 10 days . But the three stations decided to broadcast the noises instead of music . Radio Shabelle announcers could be heard speaking on air , backed by the sounds of hooves , ocean waves , gunfire -- even the roars and growls of big cats . A radio station director , who could not be identified because of safety concerns , said the stations were unhappy about the ban but were forced to comply "  because of fear for our lives . " A Somali journalist , who also asked not to be identified , said there is widespread fear that this marks the beginning of a wider plot by extremists to silence independent media . He fears that female journalists may become the the next target . Hizbul al-Islam is one of many rebel groups operating in the country . The group has a complicated relationship with al-Shabaab ; between them , the two groups control much of Mogadishu , and several radio stations are in neighborhoods under their control . Somalia has not had a stable government since 1991 . Islamic militant groups are fighting the government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or Sharia . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	Mogadishu 's 14 private radio stations stop playing music after threat from Islamic extremists Militant groups are said to believe that music is un-Islamic , want it prohibited In protest , 3 stations broadcast nature noises : hooves , ocean waves , cats ' roars and growls Somali journalist fears this may mark beginning of plot to silence independent media
CNN  -- Before there was a Tea Party , there was Mary Rakovich . Rakovich is an anti-abortion rights , pro-environment vegetarian living in Florida with her husband and nine cats . Many Tea Party activists believe she was one of the first people to publicly protest President Obama 's economic policies . In February 2009 , Obama was in a Fort Myers , Florida , event hall pitching his stimulus plan . Rakovich stood alone outside the hall , speaking against it . For that , she is considered to be a sort of "  Godmother " of the Tea Party movement . Nine days after Rakovich 's protest , CNBC business reporter Rick Santelli publicly mounted his own campaign against the president 's $ 75 billion plan to help struggling homeowners . It happened as Santelli reported live from the floor of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange on February 19 , 2009 . "  The government is promoting bad behavior , " he said in a tirade , claiming that all Americans would be forced to "  subsidize the losers ' mortgages . " The stimulus bill "  had nothing to do with job creation whatsoever , " Rakovich said in an interview with CNN last summer . And though she rails against government spending , Rakovich relies on one of the biggest spending programs , Medicare , to care for her two bad hips . "  I do believe that there are times when we need the government to have some type of stopgap measures to help get people back on their feet , " Rakovich said . "  Those types of people need help . I also believe that as an overall system , that Medicare , as well as Medicaid , they 're broken systems -- they are systems that need to be revived and revamped . " "  You know , I 'm very glad that it was there for me and will be there for me . "	In February 2009 , Mary Rakovich stood alone and spoke against president 's spending plan Some in Tea Party say she was one of the first to publicly protest Obama 's economic policies Though she rails against government spending , she does rely on Medicare But she says that Medicare and Medicaid "  need to be revived and revamped "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Days after the death of a Palestinian in an Israeli prison , a rocket fired from Gaza landed in southern Israel on Tuesday , the first such attack since a cease-fire took hold in November . Israeli police said they did not receive any reports of injuries from the rocket . The Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades , a Gaza militant group , claimed responsibility for the attack , which damaged a road outside the town of Ashkelon , about 15 kilometers  9 miles  from Gaza . The brigades made the claim in an e-mail to CNN . Last week , militants in Gaza warned there would be retaliation if a prisoner died or was harmed while in Israeli custody . Arafat Jaradat , 30 , died Saturday , inciting Palestinian officials to once again decry Israeli prison conditions . "  The prisoner martyr Jaradat went to prison to come back a corpse , but we are determined to find out how it was done and who did it , " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said Monday , according to the state news agency WAFA . "  We know how we will act , and we will not let them  Israelis  drag us to their square , and they should bear the responsibility . " The rocket fire prompted the Israel Defense Forces to close the Kerem Shalom Crossing near the Israeli , Palestinian and Egyptian borders . The Erez Crossing between Gaza and Israel will be open only for medical cases , humanitarian aid or exceptional cases . The government said it will send out a directive when it opens the crossings to full activity . Israel seized Gaza during the 1967 war , and withdrew settlers from there in 2005 . In the ensuing years , militants in Gaza have regularly launched rocket attacks into southern Israel . In November , Israel launched what it called the Pillar of Defense operation , a series of military strikes on Gaza designed to stop the constant rocket fire . Eight days of round-the-clock warfare followed between Israel and Hamas , the Palestinian movement that controls Gaza . As Israel targeted Hamas military commanders and weaponry , Palestinian militants continued to fire rockets into Israel , battering the southern region and reaching Israel 's two major cities -- Jerusalem and Tel Aviv . Israel called up reservists and massed its forces on the Gaza border , threatening a ground invasion . Many feared a repeat of Israel 's Operation Cast Lead offensive against Palestinian militants in late 2008 , an operation that led to a bloody three-week war . The fighting in November took its toll : More than 160 Palestinians , many of whom were civilians , were killed . Six Israelis died , including civilians and soldiers . Hundreds were wounded . The fighting ended after Egypt and the United States helped broker the cease-fire that lasted until Tuesday . A Palestinian official sent a warning Sunday to U.S. President Barack Obama , who plans to make his first trip to Israel as president next month . "  If President Obama wants to visit the region peacefully , he should exert pressure on Israel to release the prisoners -- especially the ones who are on hunger strike -- or else he will visit while Palestine is on fire , " Minister of Prisoner Affairs Issa Qaraqe said . Israeli officials Sunday called on the Palestinian Authority to calm the territories , where there have been large protests in recent days over the conditions of Palestinian prisoners .	NEW : The IDF sets strictures on two crossings Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades , a Gaza militant group , claims responsibility for the attack Militants warned of retaliation if a prisoner died in Israeli custody Gaza militants have regularly launched rocket attacks
CNN  -- Irish low-cost airline Ryanair posted a $ 169 million  $ 240 million  loss in the last year after being hit with higher fuel costs and a writedown in its investment in rival carrier Aer Lingus . Ryanair has forecast a rise in passenger numbers this year . Ryanair 's boss Michael O'Leary said though that he hoped to see a recovery this year , forecasting profits to "  at least double " thanks to anticipated lower fuel costs . The loss compares with a profit of $ 390 million the previous year . The company said that with the writedown on the Aer Lingus stake stripped out , its figures showed a more "  robust " net profit of $ 105 million . The number of passengers travelling on Ryanair planes increased by 15 percent in 2008/09 to 58 million and the airline said it hoped to increase that number to 67 million this year by cutting average fares by upt to 20 percent . Richard Hunter , head of UK equities at Hargreaves Lansdown Stockbrokers , said the Aer Lingus stake was "  an albatross around the company 's neck . " He told the Press Association : "  There are , however , also a number of positives , not least of which is the determination of Ryanair to continue to make life uncomfortable for its competitors . "  Growth in passenger numbers and a focus on costs were proof that the company has a close eye on strategic wins , while further reductions in fares could well tempt travellers who are currently deserting other legacy carriers . "	Irish low-cost airline Ryanair posts $ 169 million  $ 240 million  loss in last year Ryanair 's boss Michael O'Leary said he hoped to see recovery this year Company said that after stripping out writedowns it made $ 105 million profit
A short video released by ISIS on Friday shows the apparent beheading of British aid worker Alan Henning , with the executioner blaming the death on the United Kingdom for joining the U.S.-led bombing campaign against the group . Before he is killed , Henning speaks to the camera , referencing the British Parliament 's decision to participate in coalition of more than 40 countries who have banded together to go after the so-called Islamic State terror group in Iraq and Syria . At the end of the video , ISIS shows American aid worker Peter Kassig and threatens his life . There is no reason to believe the video is not authentic , a U.S. intelligence official told CNN , adding that American officials are studying it . "  The brutal murder of Alan Henning by ISIL shows just how barbaric and repulsive these terrorists are , " UK Prime Minister David Cameron said , referring to the group also known as ISIS . "  Alan had gone to Syria to help get aid to people of all faiths in their hour of need , " Cameron said . "  The fact that he was taken hostage when trying to help others and now murdered demonstrates that there are no limits to the depravity of these ISIL terrorists . " The news of Henning 's beheading comes just days after Britain joined the coalition . UK jets began flying reconnaissance flights over Iraq a week ago , and on Tuesday dropped its first missiles on an ISIS heavy-weapon position and an armed pickup truck in Iraq , according to the UK Defense Ministry . A taxi driver from near Manchester , England , Henning was part of a team of volunteers that traveled to Syria in December 2013 to deliver food and water to people affected by the Middle Eastern country 's devastating civil war . He was abducted the day after Christmas by masked gunmen , according to other people in the aid convoy . The Prime Minister vowed to bring the killers to justice . Last week , the British Foreign Office released an audio file of Henning pleading for his life . His wife made a public plea for ISIS to spare his life . Barbara Henning 's pleas were joined by voices of Muslim leaders around the world . They included Shaykh Haitham Al Haddad , a judge on the Shariah Council in London , who has said that "  whatever your grievance with American or British foreign policy , executing this man is not the answer . " But the calls for mercy appear to have been met with bloodshed . The White House released a statement condemning Henning 's murder and vowing to work alongside the UK and its allies to "  degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL . " Video similar to others If the authenticity of the video is confirmed , Henning will be the fourth Westerner to be beheaded on camera by ISIS . This summer , ISIS beheaded American freelance journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff -- showing their gruesome killings in videos posted online . ISIS then claimed its first British victim , aid worker David Haines , according to video that appeared online on September 13 . In the video released by ISIS Friday , Henning 's name is misspelled "  Allen . " Who is the ISIS ? The video is similar to the previous ones , with a clearly scripted statement being delivered by the victim . But unlike the previous ones , this one is shorter and is shot tightly , showing none of the surroundings . And just like the previous videos , it ends with a threat to another hostage . The National Security Council confirmed that Kassig is being held by ISIS . "  We will continue to use every tool at our disposal -- military , diplomatic , law enforcement and intelligence -- to try to bring Peter home to his family , " according to agency spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden . The American who appears at the end of the video , Kassig , is a former soldier who became an aid worker in the Middle East . Kassig 's parents , Ed and Paula , confirmed to CNN it was their son , "  who was doing humanitarian work in Syria , is being held captive . " "  We ask everyone around the world to pray for the Henning family , for our son , and for the release of all innocent people being held hostage in the Middle East and around the globe , " the statement said . Kassig , 26 , founded the non-profit Special Emergency Response and Assistance group . At the time , the organization was providing humanitarian aid to refugees fleeing the Syrian civil war . Kassig worked as a medic and was en route to Deir Ezzor in northern Syria for SERA when he was kidnapped on October 1 , 2013 , according to his family . "  I am not a doctor . I am not a nurse . But I am a guy who can clean up bandages , help clean up patients , swap out bandages , help run IVs , make people 's quality of life a little bit better , " he told CNN 's Arwa Damon during an interview in 2012 . "  This is something for me that has meaning , that has purpose . " How ISIS is run	NSC confirms Peter Kassig , American shown on video , is being held by ISIS ISIS claims to have beheaded another Westerner Video appears to show the killing of Alan Henning , a British aid worker
CNN  -- According to Hollywood , nothing says "  I 'm an evil mastermind " like a cut-glass British accent and a lip-curling sneer . Why ? We 're not sure . But as one of the movie world 's favorite stereotypes , this month we celebrate the London Film Festival by picking our top 10 British villains . Laurence Olivier as Richard III : The archetypal bad Brit The criteria ? Both the actor and their character  s  must be British . So , sadly , no Cruella de Vil , no Snow White 's stepmother and no Joaquin Phoenix in Gladiator . Plus , scroll down for the worst on-screen British accents ... Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed a villain ? Sound off and read others ' thoughts in the Screening Room blog . 1 . Laurence Olivier as Richard III Richard III  Laurence Olivier , 1955  Britain 's greatest actor plays Shakespeare 's misshapen Machiavellian who watches as his plots and schemes fall apart . Olivier brings humanity to history 's favorite hunchback , lifting him beyond caricature to become the definitive wicked uncle . 2 . Peter Cushing as Grand Moff Tarkin Star Wars  George Lucas , 1977  Cushing is synonymous with Hammer horror where , as Dr Frankenstein , his perfect vowels , gaunt profile and twisted genius made him the ultimate evil mastermind . But it was as Princess Leia 's tormentor , Grand Moff Tarkin , in Star Wars that he 'll be best-remembered -- and where he was toppled , as the best British villains are , by his own arrogance . 3 . Christopher Lee as Dracula Dracula  Terence Fisher , 1958  Cushing 's tall and imposing partner in crime , Christopher Lee was best known as Hammer Horrors ' in-house Dracula . His chilling , sonorous tones were later brought to Hollywood , most notably as treacherous and overreaching power-seeker Saruman in "  Lord of the Rings . " 4 . Ian McDiarmid as Emperor Palpatine Return of the Jedi  Richard Marguand , 1983  All the really evil ones in Star Wars speak like British toffs , but it was sadistic , cowled Emperor Palpatine , McDiarmid , with his darkly seductive voice , who stole the show .  Admittedly , the electric blue lightning helped .  A masterclass in ruling through fear and manipulation . 5 = Alan Rickman as The Sheriff of Nottingham Robin Hood : Prince of Thieves  Kevin Reynolds , 1991  "  Locksley ! I 'm going to cut your heart out with a spoon ! " The only redeeming feature in Kevin Reynolds ' stocking-stuffed turkey , "  Robin Hood : Prince of Thieves , " Rickman 's Sheriff of Nottingham rages in the mire , surrounded , like all the best baddies , by imbeciles . Sorry Al , sometimes life 's just not fair . 5 = Basil Rathbone as The Sheriff of Nottingham The Adventures of Robin Hood  Michael Curtiz and William Keighley , 1938  Rathbone shone as the nemesis to Errol Flynn 's swashbucklingly superior Robin Hood . His menacing Gisbourne is a snarling , degenerate , luxuriously garbed coward who 's a dab hand with a sword : the epitome of an overprivileged upbringing ? 7 . Malcolm McDowell as Alex de Large A Clockwork Orange  Stanley Kubrick , 1971  McDowell 's unsettling turn as Alex in Kubrick 's "  A Clockwork Orange " shows that even psychopaths can be alluring . The mascara-loving head Droog is the concentrated essence of the British villain -- precociously intelligent , emotionally frozen , sadistic and perverse . 8 . Carl Boehm as Mark Lewis Peeping Tom  Michael Powell , 1960  This voyeuristic fear-fest sees Boehm play softly-spoken photographer-cum-murderer Lewis in Michael Powell 's claustrophobic thriller , "  Peeping Tom . " Shy , retiring and perverse , was this Freudian portrait hinting at what could lie beneath the famous British stiff upper lip ? 9 . Ian McKellen as Magneto X-Men  Bryan Singer , 2000  McKellen and fellow RSC alumnus , Patrick Stewart , lent gravitas to the entertaining yet ultimately silly X-Men franchise . Only an actor of McKellen 's caliber could utter his lines convincingly while wearing a dorky-looking bowling-ball on his head . 10 . Terry-Thomas as Raymond Delauney School for Scoundrels  Robert Hamer , 1960  Not a classic villain so much as a cad , Thomas was the template for the lily-livered upper class bounder . Generally found twirling his cigarette holder while charming the ladies -- at least , when not swindling , cheating or behaving like an absolute rotter ... Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed a villain ? Sound off and read others ' thoughts in the Screening Room blog . And the worst British accents ... Dick Van Dyke as Bert Mary Poppins  Robert Stevenson , 1964  " ` Ello , Merri Pawpins ! " Dick Van Dyke 's faux Cockney created a whole new accent , which he passed on to Bart Simpson et al. . Thanks . No , really . Kevin Costner as Robin Hood Robin Hood : Prince of Thieves  Kevin Reynolds , 1991  His vowels were as mangled as the plot . At least Christian Slater had the grace not to try . Sean Astin as Sam Gamgee Lord of the Rings Trilogy  Peter Jackson , 2001-2003  Astin 's faux-bucolic bumpkin starts out cute but swiftly becomes irritating . Consistent , yes -- and also slappable . Mike Myers as Shrek Shrek  Andrew Adamson and Vicky Jenson , 2001  Why is Shrek Scottish ? We have n't a clue -- but Myers ' strangled tones make even the most forgiving Glaswegian wince . Tony Curtis as Antoninus Spartacus  Stanley Kubrick , 1960  The good guys speak American , the bad guys speak plum British . Fine -- but Curtis 's Bronx drawl is truly jarring . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Sound off and read others ' thoughts in the Screening Room blog . E-mail to a friend	CNN 's "  The Screening Room " picks the top 10 on-screen British villains Laurence Olivier , Peter Cushing , Christopher Lee head the list Think we 've missed one ? Post your comments to the Screening Room blog
CNN  -- Houston may be a city built on the profits of oil and gas , but it has a green dream . The dream is to create a city that is "  more liveable , walkable and bikeable , " according Laura Spanjian . Spanjian has been the director of sustainability for Houston since 2010 , when current Mayor Annise Parker was elected . They have launched several sustainability initiatives under the "  Green Houston " program and Parker says the city has cut its greenhouse gas emissions by a quarter . Spanjian 's previous work includes a solar-panel incentive program in San Francisco , as well as directing the creation of its alternative-fuel bus fleet . She spoke with CNN 's The City about the challenges Houston is facing and how she wants to get Houstonians out of their cars and out on the streets . CNN : Why is Houston trying to be more sustainable ? Laura Spanjian : We are known as producing oil and gas , but we also produce other resources that are important to our economy and to the sustainability . For us it 's about being green , but it 's also about saving resources and money and being a very efficient and affordable city . The number one thing to think about is trying to improve the health and the quality of life of the citizens . CNN : Does Houston have any geographical advantages or disadvantages ? LS : Houston is a very hot and humid city , so there 's a lot of air conditioning which leads to buildings consuming a lot of energy . We want to work on an initiative trying to get people out of their cars and to use less energy in their homes . That can prove to be quite the challenge . An advantage we have is that we can make great use of the wind . Texas is the largest wind  power  producer in the U.S. ; we now produce 12,000 megawatts of wind  power  . CNN : If you had a magic wand , how would you use it for your work ? LS : I would want every building to reduce their energy usage by 20 % by 2020 . I 'd love that . I would also love more people to commute less to work , by living closer or by using alternative transportation . Houston is still very much a car city . CNN : Where does your passion for the environment come from ? LS : I care about the quality of life ; the air we breathe and the water we drink . I think it 's really imperative for governments to create healthy cities so people can go out and do other great things . If you increase the health of citizens , it automatically makes cities more attractive , which in turn brings more people to cities , which improves the economy . A lot of people have told me that they came to Houston for a job , but stayed because the city is starting to focus on the quality of life . CNN : What difficulties have you encountered ? LS : We have lots of issues with hurricanes but the thing we had n't had an issue with before was droughts like the one we had two years ago . It definitely made us think about how we build infrastructure and how we can try to forecast and prepare for extreme weather events . We need to realize that it 's not just going to be storms in the future . The climate can change on a dime . CNN : How far have you come in your work ? LS : Right now we are experiencing a boom when it comes to transportation . Three more rail lines will open next year . We have also started planning for a bus rapid transit line , so we are encouraging the use of electric vehicles . CNN : What goals do you want to achieve by 2020 ? LS : We are going to see a more liveable , walkable and bikeable Houston , and a population that is craving that and nothing less . Reduced energy usage , increased transportation options and generally a greener city . Our streets will work differently . With density comes the desire for streets to look differently , to accommodate restaurants , bike lanes and be aesthetically pleasing at the same time . The more you change your streets and try to open them up , the more people are outside , so it 's exciting !	Ambitious plans to make Houston a more sustainable city Laura Spanjian is the director of sustainability for Houston She tells CNN she wants to create city that is "  more liveable , walkable and bikeable "
CNN  -- A Libyan government spokesman said Thursday that forces loyal to embattled leader Moammar Gadhafi did not fire a missile at NATO warships , as he had told reporters a day earlier . The Italian frigate Bersagliere reported spotting a suspected missile about 19 kilometers  12 miles  off the port city of Zlitan on Wednesday . The weapon had fallen harmlessly into the sea , according to Italy 's defense ministry and NATO . Government spokesman Moussa Ibrahim told reporters that government forces were responsible for the attack , but said Thursday that his comment was "  a misunderstanding . " Ibrahim told CNN that military officials later told him they had n't launched a missile at the NATO fleet currently off Libya . "  We did not fire any missiles into the sea against the ship , " Ibrahim told CNN . Gadhafi 's forces have been battling a nearly six-month-long revolt that has split Libya roughly in half . NATO planes and warships joined the fight in March , pounding government troops under a U.N. mandate to protect civilians from reprisals by Gadhafi loyalists . Though most of the allied campaign has been conducted from the air , NATO warships reported fighting at least two brief sea engagements with pro-Gadhafi forces off the port city of Misrata in May . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Libya now says it did n't fire a missile at an Italian frigate The warship reported spotting the missile on Wednesday The weapon landed harmlessly
Police arrested a 14-year-old Dutch girl Monday after she tweeted a terror threat to American Airlines that catapulted her into social media fame overnight . A Twitter user calling herself Sarah with the handle @QueenDemetriax_ tweeted " @AmericanAir hello my name 's Ibrahim and I 'm from Afghanistan . I 'm part of Al Qaida and on June 1st I 'm gon na do something really big bye . " American Airlines responded swiftly from their official Twitter account saying " @QueenDemetriax_ Sarah , we take these threats very seriously . Your IP address and details will be forwarded to security and the FBI . " Moments later , in a series of tweets , the girl pleaded with the airline , writing "  I 'm just a girl " and claiming the threat was a joke made by her friend . The teenager turned herself in at a police station in the Dutch port city of Rotterdam on Monday afternoon after authorities launched an investigation into her whereabouts , Wessel Stolle , a Rotterdam police department spokesman told CNN . "  The assumption made by her tweets was taken seriously , and I may add that it is a rather alarming threat , " Stolle said . The girl has been charged with "  posting a false or alarming announcement " under Dutch law , but the consequences of the accusation remain unclear . "  She will be questioned for the next couple of hours and after that she might be sent home during the investigation , " Stolle said . "  We do not know yet . That will have to come out of the investigation . " Rotterdam police said they are in contact with several agencies , but did not confirm if the FBI or any other American agency may be involved in the investigation . American Airlines stood by their actions Monday despite the girl 's appeals on Twitter , including one message that reportedly read "  I 'm so sorry I 'm scared now . " "  At American , the safety of our passengers and crew is our top priority . We take security matters very seriously and work with authorities on a case-by-case basis , " American spokesman Matt Miller told CNN . "  American 's response was taken down per our standard procedures . In this type of situation , we flag the conversation with the proper authorities and then take down the message  s  . " Twitter has suspended the account associated with " @QueenDemetriax_ . " Twitter does n't allow users to "  make direct , specific threats of violence against others , " according to its abusive behavior policy , which is part of its Twitter rules . Former flight attendant gets prison for bomb threats	Teen from Rotterdam threatens American Airlines via Twitter She pretended to be a member of al Qaeda named Ibrahim Threatening anyone via Twitter violates the company 's policies
CNN  -- English football star Steven Gerrard has admitted punching a man in a bar , but the Liverpool captain insisted in his court testimony that it was in self-defense . England international Steven Gerrard is in court defending his actions after a bar brawl late last year . The 29-year-old is facing a charge of affray after an incident in the early hours of December 29 , when he attacked businessman Marcus McGee following a dispute about the music that was being played . If found guilty , Gerrard faces a maximum penalty of six months in jail and a fine of $ 7,200 . Gerrard , who denies the charge , told a judge on Thursday that he was sorry about his actions in Southport 's Lounge Inn , but at the time he thought McGee was going to attack him . They had been involved in an argument after Gerrard tried to change the music on the bar 's sound system , but McGee would not let him , the UK Press Association reported . "  I thought he was going to hit me , " Gerrard said . "  He was on his way forward to me and his behavior had changed from when I was having a discussion with him . I did n't know why . " Gerrard said he was unaware that his friend John Doran had already punched McGee when he himself started to hit the 34-year-old . "  I am certainly mistaken in thinking he was coming towards me to throw punches at me , " the midfielder said . "  Now I know , obviously , he had been struck , reacted and thought the strike was by me and he came into me and that 's when I reacted . I am sorry about the whole incident . "  I grabbed the back of his jumper as he moved forward to me . When I had hold of Marcus , I remember swinging my right hand two or three times . "  I was trying to stop still and I felt I had arms all over me . I could see a melee around Marcus McGee . When I was getting pulled away I realized people were patting me , some of whom were my friends . "  I wanted to help control the situation . I was worried the fight I had with Marcus was going to get worse because people were going past me in that direction . " Gerrard said that his friends had earlier told him to "  forget " the argument , but he felt he needed to confront McGee . "  I could n't understand why the guy had such a problem with me , why he was so aggressive , " he said . "  I was also concerned that if I did leave it I would not have been able to enjoy my night , he may have come over to me . "  I wanted to see why he had such a problem with it , why a total stranger had such a problem with me putting my favorite songs on . I asked why I could n't have an input in the music and tried to explain that I had permission from the manageress . " "  I asked Marcus what was the problem with the music machine and why he treated me like that . Very quickly he came off the bar stool and was in my face right by me . " Gerrard had been celebrating after scoring two goals as Liverpool thrashed Newcastle 5-1 to remain top of the Premier League , and admitted that he had been drinking alcohol . "  I certainly knew I had had a drink . I was certainly in control of how I felt in my surroundings , " he said . The father of two said he had not been in trouble with the police since the age of 19 , when he was banned from driving for nine months for drink-driving .	English football star Steven Gerrard has admitted punching a man in a bar But the Liverpool captain says in court testimony that it was in self-defense Gerrard , 29 , denies charge of affray for attacking businessman Marcus McGee If found guilty , he faces maximum penalty of six months in jail and $ 7,200 fine
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Pro-British political groups planned to meet this week as part of an effort to defuse tensions and stem some of the worst violence in Northern Ireland in recent memory . Rioting flared for a fifth-straight night in East Belfast on Monday as protestors attacked police with firebombs , hatchets and sledge hammers . Authorities accused loyalist extremists of exploiting a decision last month by Belfast officials to stop a century old tradition of flying the Union Jack over City Hall year round . The leaders of the two main unionist political parties said on Tuesday they would hold a "  Unionist Forum " on Thursday at Stormont to address underlying grievances peacefully . The forum seeks "  to engage with the entire unionist community and to address issues of concern . It will seek to channel unionist efforts through political means , " said First Minister Peter Robinson , of the Democratic Unionist Party , and Mike Nesbitt , of the Ulster Unionist Party . It was not clear if representatives for the protesters would attend . The British flag has long been a flashpoint between British loyalists -- primarily Protestants who want to remain part of the United Kingdom , and Irish nationalists calling for Northern Ireland to join Ireland . The City Council vote followed a summer of heightened tensions between Northern Ireland 's Catholic and Protestant communities . Riots in September left dozens of police injured . About 400 people gathered at Belfast City Hall on Monday as the council met for the first time since voting in December to fly the British flag only on certain days , police said . Demonstrators called for the decision to be reversed . The event was mostly peaceful and was organized via social media , authorities said . The scene was very different in East Belfast . About 250 people targeted police with gasoline and paint bombs , fireworks and heavy masonry . Police fired plastic bullets and water cannon in response . Three police officers were injured , the Police Service of Northern Ireland said . Several people were arrested at the scene of the worst violence . Clashes also erupted between pro-British and pro-Irish groups at a point where predominantly Protestant and Catholic communities meet . Authorities said more than 50 officers have been hurt during the protests over the past week . Read more : Fresh protests break out in Northern Ireland after night of violence The chief constable for the Police Service of Northern Island blamed the violence on members of the loyalist Ulster Volunteer Force , who were "  orchestrating violence for their own selfish motives . " Northern Ireland 's political leaders have called for an end to the protests and politicians , clergy and community met Sunday to discuss possible ways to achieve that aim . Read more : Policewoman targeted as Northern Ireland tensions rise "  Everyone involved needs to step back . The lack of control is very worrying , " Chief Constable Matt Baggott told CNN . "  The only answer is a political solution . " Numerous police have been pulled away from normal duties to deal with the demonstrations , Baggott said . Read more : Police : Loyalist paramilitaries behind Northern Ireland violence The majority of Ireland gained independence in 1921 following two years of conflict . But six of the nine counties of the province of Ulster chose to stay in the United Kingdom , eventually becoming the country of Northern Ireland . In the late 1960s , the conflict between mainly Protestant loyalists , who want Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom , and largely Roman Catholic nationalists , who want it to be reunited with the rest of Ireland , exploded into a political and sectarian war , known as "  the Troubles . " The three decades of ensuing violence between loyalists and the IRA claimed more than 3,000 lives , most of them north of the border . While the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 , also known as the Belfast Agreement , effectively ended the conflict , distrust remains between Catholics and Protestants . Under the terms of the accord , groups on both sides dumped their weapons , and members of Sinn Fein , the political affiliate of the IRA , now work with pro-British politicians in Northern Ireland 's power-sharing government . Read more : Clinton urges calm amid tensions in Northern Ireland CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Unionist leaders say a forum to discuss community concerns will meet Thursday Police and their vehicles are attacked in a 5th night of violence in East Belfast The Belfast City Council meets for the first time since its controversial flag ruling Authorities accuse a loyalist extremist group of " orchestrating violence "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A new government report says there are now more than three quarters of a million names on the U.S. government 's terrorist "  watch list , " raising concerns the list may be becoming too large . Sen. Joe Lieberman , chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee , is concerned about the list 's size . A Government Accountability Office study out Wednesday said the Terrorist Screening Center 's watch list contained approximately 755,000 names . But because many potential suspects have multiple names or aliases on the list , investigators are not certain how many distinct individuals are actually represented . Officials at the Terrorist Screening Center told CNN in September that the number of individuals on the list is about 300,000 . Sen. Joe Lieberman , the chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee , said the "  sheer size " of the list raises concerns . Lieberman , I-Connecticut , said the list contains an even higher number of records than 755,000 . "  It contained 158,000 names including aliases in July 2004 , " Lieberman said during a hearing on the list . "  That grew to 755,000 names by May of this year , and now stands at about 860,000 names just five months later . That 's nearly a 500 percent increase in three years . " Timothy Sparapani , a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union , urged Congress to tighten its oversight of the process "  before we all become suspects in the eyes of the Terrorist Screening Center . " Overall , the GAO -- the investigative arm of Congress -- credited the Terrorist Screening Center , which compiles the government 's unified watch list , for making improvements in the system and providing a reliable single coordination point for terrorist screening data . But found the government "  has not finalized guidelines for using watch list records within  key segments of  the private sector . " The GAO report said government agencies had encountered individuals who were on the watch list about 53,000 times since the system was started in December 2003 . That number includes repeat matches from the same individuals multiple times . Most of the hits did not result in arrests because of a lack of sufficient evidence of any terrorist or criminal activity . But Deputy Assistant Homeland Security Secretary Paul Rosensweig said that is only part of the picture . "  With our current security layers , we have prevented thousands of dangerous people from entering the United States , including individuals suspected of terrorism , murderers , rapists , drug smugglers and human traffickers , " Rosensweig said . "  In fiscal year 2007 , Customs and Border Patrol alone encountered 5,953 positive watch list matches . " Wednesday 's report comes on the heels of a Justice Department inspector-general 's report , which expressed concern about the quality of some of the data in the watch list , but noted continuing improvement in the system . Terrorist Screening Center Director Leonard Boyle expressed particular satisfaction with the recent execution of a multi-agency agreement , which he said "  provides a full and fair review of any watch list record that is the cause of an individual 's complaint . " Lieberman and Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , said they were concerned about a report that a Mexican citizen with tuberculosis was able to cross the border into the U.S. more than 20 times without being stopped . Rosensweig attributed the problem to a complicated and unusual pattern in the man 's name combined with inaccurate birth date information . E-mail to a friend	Government report : Three quarters of a million names on "  watch list " Multiple names or aliases add to list 's complexity , GAO report says ACLU urged Congress to tighten its oversight of the name compiling process
CNN  -- Eduard Shevardnadze , whose political career seesawed between two extremes , has died , Georgia 's GHN news agency reported Monday . He was 86 . Around the world , he was hailed as the man who helped end the Cold War . At home , he was the man whose resignation as president of Georgia was greeted by cheers and fireworks . Born in Georgia in 1928 , he worked his way up the Communist Party chain until he became the foreign minister for the Soviet Union under President Mikhail Gorbachev . It was then that Gorbachev announced his policy of "  perestroika , " or change , in the Soviet Union . Shevardnadze was the international face of it . Perestroika led to the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War . Shevardnadze helped broker the deal that led to the fall of the Berlin Wall , and he normalized Moscow 's ties with Washington . The breakup of the Soviet empire gave birth to many independent republics ; Georgia was one of them . Shevardnadze went home to preside over the infant nation . When he replaced ousted President Zviad Gamsakhurdia in 1992 , Shevardnadze was expected to bring the country 's 4.5 million people a better life . Instead , according to the watchdog group Transparency International , corruption became endemic during his 11 years in charge . Georgia landed on a list of the 10 most corrupt countries in the world . "  In the West , we think of Shevardnadze as a man who helped to peacefully end the Soviet Union , but here he became a despised man , and people described him as a dictator whom they simply could not stand having in power anymore , " CNN correspondent Jill Dougherty said at the time . Renewed hope for the future came with Shevardnadze 's promise of free and democratic elections . But the day after 2003 's parliamentary vote , hopes faded when the election commission 's first figures showed Shevardnadze 's party in the lead . The opposition cried fraud , and the protests began -- around the clock for more than a week . Bad news came again on November 6 when officials announced a two-week delay in releasing final results . Shevardnadze tried to work things out with the opposition , but the talks failed , and up to 20,000 protesters converged on the capital city to demand his resignation . But Shevardnadze refused to step down and convened the newly elected Parliament . To many Georgians , it reflected just one more broken promise . Tired of his presidency , Georgians ushered in the bloodless Rose Revolution . Amid huge pressure from tens of thousands of protesters , Shevardnadze stepped down . "  At the beginning , I had a different mood , but now I see that it is impossible to avoid bloodshed . I never betrayed my people , " he said . "  Now , I say it 's much better to resign with no bloodshed , no victims . " People we lost in 2014	As Gorbachev 's foreign minister , he helped end the Cold War As president of Georgia , he was accused of massive corruption His resignation was greeted with cheers and fireworks
CNN  -- The search continued Monday in suburban Seattle for a 2-year-old boy who police said went missing after being left alone in a car by his mother the previous day . The Bellevue  Washington  Police Department acknowledged Monday , in a statement , that "  there are still many unanswered questions . " It said that no arrests have been made and both parents of the child , named Sky Metalwala , are cooperating . "  We have received consent from the mother to search the vehicle and also her home in Redmond , " police spokeswoman Carla Iafrate told reporters Monday . "  We 're currently searching the area around her home in Redmond with several officers out there and FBI agents . " According to police , the boy 's mother said she ran out of gas in Bellevue , which is just east of Seattle , leaving the toddler in the car while she took her 4-year-old with her to get help . The mother said the young boy was gone when she returned to the vehicle , about an hour later , police said . Sky has brown eyes and dark , closely cut hair , and was wearing a dark green hooded sweatshirt and blue-and-gray striped pants when he was last seen . Authorities placed automated calls to people in the area after the boy was reported missing , urging people to call 911 if they spotted him . King County Search and Rescue began looking for the child before suspending their ground search Sunday evening , according to a post on the Bellevue Police Department 's Facebook page . The investigation resumed Monday , including a search around where the child lived in Redmond , which is to the northeast of Bellevue . The law enforcement agencies involved include the FBI , King County Search and Rescue , King County Guardian One Helicopter and Redmond and Bellevue police departments . "  All possibilities of what might have happened to the child are being investigated , " Bellevue police said in their statement Monday .	NEW : Both parents of the missing boy are cooperating , police say Belleveue , Washington , police : Mother said she ran out of gas and went to get help She left the boy , 2 , in the car and when she came back , he was gone Missing child , Sky Metalwala , has brown eyes and dark , closely cut hair
CNN  -- Country music legend Dolly Parton has decided to withdraw her partnership in a new Nashville theme park . "  Gaylord makes decisions that they feel are good for their company and their stockholders and I have to make decisions based on what is best for me and the Dollywood Company , " Parton said in a statement issued Friday . The once 50/50 joint venture between Gaylord Entertainment Co. and Dollywood was to develop a 114-acre site for a family entertainment zone across from the Gaylord Opryland Resort and Convention Center . The $ 50 million project was expected to be a water and snow park , with the park 's slated opening date for summer of 2014 . In a statement , Gaylord 's CEO and Chairman Colin Reed stated , "  we are deeply disappointed in today 's news that Dollywood will no longer partner with us to build a family attraction . We have enormous admiration for Dolly Parton and her company , and respect their decision ... We will endeavor to find another quality partner so that this important tourism project can become a reality . " Earlier this year , Parton told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin that "  we are going to be bringing more family entertainment into Nashville . " The Dollywood Company originally planned to serve as the project 's operating partner and was going to employ 450 employees .	Dolly Parton withdraws from venture with Gaylord Entertainment Plans had called for water and snow park in Nashville
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The U.S. military handed over to Iraq the Camp Cropper detention facility Thursday , calling the moment a milestone in Iraq 's history and another step in the drawdown of U.S. forces there . Established in 2003 as a holding facility for security detainees near Baghdad International Airport , the prison had the capacity to hold up to 4,000 detainees . With this handover , the U.S. military 's oversight on detainee operations significantly diminishes , a cause of concern for Iraqis who largely do n't trust their justice system . The United States will continue to have advisers and special teams inspect facilities if there are reports of torture and abuse . Military commanders said that the Iraqis were trained to international standards . "  We will also continue to be involved with advisers and in accordance with the security agreement we have every expectation that we will be able to continue to do checks and balances that are presented to us when there is a problem situation , " said Maj. Gen. Jerry Cannon , deputy commanding general for detainee operations . U.S. detainee operations have been undermined by the Abu Ghraib prison scandal and reports of abuse and secret detainment facilities . In the Abu Ghraib case , U.S. soldiers were photographed physically and sexually abusing Iraqi prisoners . Eleven U.S. soldiers were convicted of crimes in the case . "  To be perfectly frank here , we have learned from our experiences here in terms of detainee operations , " said Maj. Gen. Steve Lanza , spokesman for U.S. forces in Iraq . "  Some of our inability to be prepared for what we encountered has significantly changed the way we approached detainee operations here in Iraq . "  What we have learned from executing counter-insurgency operations , the way we have changed our training , the way we have changed our approach to leadership is certainly significant in terms of how we have moved forward here in the last few years with detainee operations , " said Lanza . He said that the lessons learned have allowed their Iraqi counterparts who are taking over the role to move forward with the rule of law . Iraqi Justice Minister Dara Nur al-Deen said that the era of prison abuse is over and asked that Iraqis respect each other and adhere to a proper code of conduct . At present , there are about 1,500 detainees at Camp Cropper . The U.S. military will continue to maintain physical custody of some 200 detainees in a section of Camp Cropper known as Compound 5 at the request of the Iraqi government . They include former regime elements , senior al Qaeda members , and other detainees classified as being "  very dangerous . " There have been people transferred to other facilities . Tariq Aziz , who at one time served as former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein 's top diplomat , was handed over on Monday from Camp Cropper and is being held at Kadhimiya prison in Baghdad , Boshu Ibrahim , deputy justice minister , told CNN on Wednesday .	The handover is a milestone in U.S.-Iraqi relations At Iraq 's request , the U.S. will maintain custody of 200 dangerous inmates The U.S. will continue to have advisers and special inspectors
CNN  -- President Barack Obama invited Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear to this year 's State of the Union address where he praised the Democrat for aggressively carrying out the Affordable Care Act . "  He is like a man possessed when it comes to covering his commonwealth 's families , " Obama said about Beshear , who boasts that more than 420,000 people have signed up for his state 's version of the controversial federal health law championed by Obama . Although he 's with the President on Obamacare , Beshear has turned from Democrats on same-sex marriage , saying he would appeal a federal court ruling overturning the Kentucky ban . Beshear argues that traditional marriage leads to procreation and a stable economy , and he 's challenging the decision "  so that the matter is fully before " the federal appeals court . His position swims against same-sex marriage tide . States continue to legalize it and courts continue to strike down bans where it is n't . It 's growing more likely that it will wind up before the Supreme Court , as early as the next term . Even Republican governors , including Pennsylvania 's Tom Corbett and New Jersey 's Chris Christie , decided to not appeal court decisions striking down similar laws . Beshear 's short statement is a continuation of one he issued in March after his attorney general , fellow Democrat Jack Conway , decided not to push the issue . At the time he said he wanted to challenge same-sex proponents to ultimately settle the issue and prevent "  legal chaos . " In Beshear 's effort through the courts to bring "  certainty and finality " to the issue , he appears to oppose same-sex marriage by challenging the ruling as governor without having to take a personal stance . It 's a politically skillful move for a popular Democratic governor in an increasingly Republican state . While Kentucky has a Democratic governor , its two senators are Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell and potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate Sen. Rand Paul . The state 's opinion of national Democrats is low , as Obama received a paltry percentage of the vote - only 38 % - in 2012 . Stephen Voss , a University of Kentucky political science professor , said Beshear 's decision is in accordance with the politics of the state . "  He 's acting like a large chunk of the voters , " Voss said . The state is one of the last bastions of the dying breed of southern Democrats who are socially conservative and fiscally more liberal . The most recent polling in Kentucky on the issue found that 55 % of people oppose same-sex marriage , a stark difference compared to the 38 % against it nationally . Phillip Bailey , political editor at Kentucky Public Radio 's WFPL in Louisville , said the national Democratic Party is far more liberal than the Kentucky Democratic Party . "  The kryptonite for a moderate Democrat with an increasingly liberal party in a conservative state is social issues , " Bailey said . In an address to the state 's General Assembly during his re-election campaign in 2011 , Beshear stood before the lawmakers , rose his voice , pointed his finger and told Obama to "  Get off our backs ! " when it comes to coal plant regulations . Bailey said Beshear 's politics are masterful . "  I do n't think there 's anyone else who has been able to yell at the President on TV and then go to Washington and be in the front row of the State of the Union and get praise from the President , " he said . "  That shows the mastery of Beshear to walk that line . " Beshear is term-limited and will be out in less than two years . But political roots run deep and his legacy continues after 2015 as his son , Andy Beshear , has announced a run for statewide office . Andy Beshear hopes to succeed Conway , who is running for governor , as attorney general . The younger Beshear is likely to be up against a a conservative Democrat in the primary and even more conservative Republican in the general election . "  He 's got to worry about the political viability of the Beshear brand , " Voss said . Same-sex marriage put on hold in Indiana by federal appeals court Elton John : Jesus would support same-sex marriage	Kentucky governor will challenge decision to overturn state 's same-sex marriage ban Steve Beshear said he wants to see "  finality " on the issue He is a Democratic governor in a conservative state His son is running for state-wide office
CNN  The suspect is furry . Only a couple of feet long . Two big teeth . And , it would seem , he has it in for the people of the American Northeast . He 's Punxsutawney Phil , and he 's a wanted groundhog , according to police in Merrimack , New Hampshire . Fed up with the more than 4 feet of snow their region has gotten this winter , police issued a tongue-in-cheek arrest warrant for the notorious whistlepig . "  We have received several complaints from the public that this little varmint is held up in a hole , warm and toasty , " the department posted on its Facebook page . "  He told several people that Winter would last 6 more weeks , however he failed to disclose that it would consist of mountains of snow ! "  If you see him , do not approach him as he is armed and dangerous , " the department said . "  Call Merrimack Police , we will certainly take him into custody ! " Phil is n't the only groundhog with a record this year . Wisconsin 's version of Phil , Jimmy , bit the mayor of Sun Prairie this month , according to CNN affiliate WISC. . At least he ordered up an early spring . Punxsutawney Phil : Six more weeks of winter	Up to their chests in snow , police in New Hampshire town issue tongue-in-cheek warrant "  We will certainly take him into custody ! " Merrimack , New Hampshire , police joke
CNN  -- I 'm writing this from a Dunkin' Donuts in northern Virginia the day after Hurricane Sandy blasted through , wiping out power to millions of homes , including my own . My 13 year-old daughter sits across from me , doing her homework on her laptop . I 'm very grateful that Dunkin' is open and has some outlets in the wall and a decent wireless connection -- though for some reason , they do n't have any donuts . So , maybe I 'm not in a great place , but I 'm lucky . For many families , the storm brought real tragedy , in some cases loss of life and livelihood . Not only is there flooding , with communities devastated , but homes , businesses , and cars have been damaged or lost ; for many there are days of missed work -- and missed paychecks . Lower Manhattan on Tuesday morning , with cars strewn about , looked like a scene from "  The Avengers . " Politics : Disaster relief -- Obama , Romney differ on federal role I 've seen rough loss estimates of up to $ 20 billion , of which perhaps half will be replaced by insurance payouts . The realization of how quickly such a natural event can occur should lead us to consider what all this means in terms of responding to this much devastation . When states face disasters of this proportion , one of the first places they turn for help is the federal government , specifically the Federal Emergency Management Agency . Politics : Will you be able to vote on Election Day ? This is as it should be . In fact , it 's a great example of why we need a centralized federal government that can respond to states in their time of need . Kind of like an instant recession , a natural disaster is an unexpected event that causes great disruption to the lives of its victims and their communities that is often well beyond the capacity of states to reliably bear . We should of course expect states , as well as private citizens , to respond , and Americans have consistently risen to such moments , showing our deep generosity . It 's times like this that "  There but for the grace of God ... " kicks in for many of us . But neither we as individuals nor our cities or states can do it all ourselves . Imagine , as Mitt Romney has advocated  though not on Tuesday , apparently  , that FEMA were eliminated , privatized , or handed off to states in a block grant . Or consider the House Republican budget -- authored by Rep. Paul Ryan and endorsed by Romney during the primaries -- a proposal that would cut 22 % from the part of the budget that supports this type of aid to the states , amounting to a loss of $ 28 billion in 2014 , including a $ 2 billion cut in New York state alone . Further imagine -- and if you 've been following the hundreds of thousands of state layoffs of key personnel in recent months , this should n't be a stretch -- that a disaster like Sandy occurred at a time when state budgets are already under great strain  as are many families ' budgets  . Remember , a block grant is a fixed amount that by definition is unable to expand in times of need . In many ways , it 's a fair-weather ship that does fine in calm waters but founders in a storm . Welfare  work-based assistance for poor families with kids  , for example , was block granted in the mid-1990s , and it worked adequately when the economy was humming . But when the recession hit , it failed as a safety net , especially compared with federal programs like food assistance or unemployment insurance that handily expanded to meet the recession-induced need . Opinion : Sandy debunks ` nanny state ' It 's unimaginable that we could administer federal disaster relief this way . States like New York and New Jersey would unquestionably need more help in a storm like Sandy , yet we 'd have to tell their governors : "  Hey , we 'd love to help , but if your block grant does n't cover it , there 's nothing we can do about it . " That 's obviously ludicrous , and it 's also why you 'll see avowed partisans like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , a Republican , showing real decency as he stressed Tuesday how helpful the president has been and how important the federal response is in addressing Sandy 's impact in his state . I hope the storm is a good reminder that when we hear candidates ' soothing words about shedding federal government functions , whether it 's FEMA , Medicaid , or safety nets in recession , we must think about what that actually means in practice . Disasters happen , recessions happen -- like it or not , there are market failures and natural disasters in our future . If anything , it seems as though these 100-year storms come about every six months these days .  Which reminds me -- here 's a great idea for a big , national infrastructure project that will create millions of jobs for white - and blue-collar workers and save billions in lost output : Bury the power lines ! At the end of the day , we do n't need "  big " government or "  small " government . What we need is an amply funded federal government to meet challenges like those we 're facing today , something I 'm afraid Romney and Ryan do not understand . Opinion : Do n't let superstorm sway your vote The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jared Bernstein .	Jared Bernstein says Sandy brought loss of life , devastation to homes , businesses , lives He says over-burdened states rightly turn to federal government for help from FEMA He says Romney , Ryan have proposed block grants for states instead , or privatizing relief Writer : Disasters can outstrip block grants ; states strapped . In practice , these ideas wo n't work
CNN  -- Here are so-called "  Oinkers " of the year , listed in the "  2010 Congressional Pig Book Summary , " which was released on Wednesday by the nonpartisan group Citizens Against Government Waste .  The Dunder-head Mifflin Award  from the fictional paper company of the sitcom "  The Office "  -- Sen. Arlen Specter , D-Pennsylvania , and Rep. Paul Kanjorski , D-Pennsylvania , for $ 200,000 for design and construction of a small business incubator and multipurpose center in Scranton , Pennsylvania .  Thad the Impaler Award -- Sen. Thad Cochran , R-Mississippi , for $ 490 million in pork , including $ 200,000 for the Washington National Opera for set design , installation and performing arts at libraries and schools , and $ 500,000 for the University of Southern Mississippi for cannabis eradication . Other awards :  The Hal Bent on Earmarking Award -- Rep. Harold "  Hal " Rogers , R-Kentucky , for $ 10 million for the National Institute for Hometown Security .  The Little Engine That Could n't Award -- $ 465 million for the Joint Strike Fighter alternate engine .  The Narcissist Award -- Sen. Tom Harkin , D-Iowa , for $ 7.3 million to continue the Harkin Grant program and to Sen. Robert Byrd , D-West Virginia , for $ 7 million for the Robert C. Byrd Institute of Advanced Flexible Manufacturing Systems . Watchdog group : Congressional pork getting leaner  The Steak Through the Heart of Taxpayers Award -- Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , and Rep. Ciro Rodriguez , D-Texas , for $ 693,000 for beef improvement research .  The Sapping the Taxpayers Award -- $ 4.8 million for wood utilization research in 11 states requested by 13 senators and 10 representatives .  The Jekyll and Hyde Award -- Rep. Leonard Lance , R-New Jersey , for his ever-changing stance on earmarks . He first signed a no-earmark pledge , then received $ 21 million in earmarks , then supported the Republican earmark moratorium .  The Kick in the Asp Award -- Delegate Madeleine Bordallo , D-Guam , for $ 500,000 for control and interdiction of brown tree snakes in Guam .  The Plane Waste Award -- Sens. Sam Brownback , R-Kansas , and Pat Roberts , R-Kansas , and Rep. Todd Tiahrt , R-Kansas , for $ 3.5 million for the National Institute for Aviation Research .  The Do You Want Fries with That Award -- $ 2.6 million in potato research in four states requested by five senators and five representatives .  The Putting on the Pork Award -- Rep. Maurice Hinchey , D-New York , for $ 400,000 for restoration and renovation of the historic Ritz Theater in Newburgh , New York .  The Lights ! Camera ! Earmark ! Award -- Rep. Diane Watson , D-California , for $ 100,000 for career exploration and training for at-risk youths for jobs in filmmaking at the Duke Media Foundation in Hollywood .  The An Earmark Grows in Brooklyn Award -- Rep. Yvette Clarke , D-New York , for $ 400,000 for construction and renovation for safety improvements at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden .	Democrats Tom Harkin and Robert Byrd were co-winners of The Narcissist Award Three Kansas Republicans were cited for $ 3.5 million in pork for an aviation research $ 4.8 million went to wood utilization research in 11 states , requested by 23 lawmakers Potato research in four states , requested by 10 lawmakers , cost $ 2.6 million
CNN  -- A piece of tarp that reads , "  Welcome to you , God Bless You " marks a barely-enclosed dirt field . At this orphanage , the only traces of shelter are the few tents that have n't yet been stripped by the strong winds . It 's my last day in Haiti , and I 'm on a trip to bring food , water and supplies to Haitians still displaced by the 2010 earthquake . The first stop is the orphanage , in the middle of one of Port-au-Prince 's largest tent cities . When I step out of the Land Rover , I begin to see the children -- they come out from behind the tarp . They 're dusty , sun-burnt , and smiling shyly . I 'm again thankful for the camera in my hand , my constant companion this week . The lens is always ready to capture the utter desolation , which has my mind reeling even after a week . At the sight of the vat of water that 's brought out from the car , the children abandon their toys : a soccer ball , a ragged stuffed animal , a paint-chipped wooden car . The youngest , still a toddler , takes the first sip . His cries , when the bottle is taken away from him , ensure one last turn before the water runs out . In Haiti , even a few drops of water can stop a boy 's tears . My intentions of going to Haiti were less than purely philanthropic . As a journalist , I planned on seeing the devastation firsthand , but I also wanted to be productive and lend a helping hand . It was n't without chagrin that I realized volunteering means choosing to give up control and becoming available and malleable to meet the needs of others . I 've traveled to other developing countries , but I was still unprepared for the the chaos that met me when I arrived . After several lost-in-translation phone calls and hours of waiting at the airport , I took a leap of faith , got into an SUV with two men I 've never met before , and prayed that I would survive -- literally . It was more than luck that led me to New Life Children 's Home and Rescue Center , a different orphanage from the one I had originally signed up to work with . Here I was taken in with open arms by one of Haiti 's ultimate volunteers , Miriam Frederick . Frederick has been fighting for Haiti for more than 30 years . She 's the founder of New Life Children 's Home and Rescue Center , which was established in 1977 and currently houses 130 children . On my first day at New Life , I met 8-year-old Lavita in the infirmary . She had been suffering from severe malnutrition at the tent-city orphanage , and Miriam took her in . "  When a child comes in here , many , you would not give a nickel for their life because they are so far gone , " Frederick says . By the end of the week , Lavita is asking me to help twirl ropes with her , so her younger girlfriends can jump in on a match of double dutch . "  These kids do n't just need basic provisions , they need love and they need brothers and sisters to play with them and teach them , " says John Poitevent , a pastor at Christ Fellowship , in Palm Beach , Florida , which supports New Life . "  We felt like it was time that we ca n't just send our money . We 've got to send ourselves also . " It 's not often that painting church pews and scrubbing floors can generate the same enthusiasm as joining in on a game of soccer or playing a round of spoons after a long day . During my one-week stay with New Life , I witnessed entire bunk beds get built from scratch in a matter of days , boxes of medicine get organized , and water filters get distributed to the outskirts of Haiti . None of which could 've been done without volunteers . As much as I felt productive organizing suitcases of donated clothing , the trip was an opportunity to be inspired through the people we met and by the selflessness we saw amid disheartening conditions . Take Frederick , who -- despite knowing that for every one child she helps , there are hundreds of "  tent-city orphans " still suffering -- continues to fight . "  I have been just challenged by her and inspired by her to just step out in faith and to step out of my comfort zone , " Poitevent says . He 's not the only one . I met a high school soccer team , an older couple , a fellow Atlantan -- each a volunteer , a title that transcends age , race , career and even the fact that I only know two phrases in Creole . I went to Haiti expecting to walk away with images of a devastated Haiti -- and I did . The scene on my last day at the tent-city orphanage is unforgettable . However , I realize images of suffering are n't what drive volunteers to come back . It 's doing even the small tasks so that a recovered Lavita has the strength to love on her fellow peers , which keeps us wanting to do more and believing that it can make a difference .	CNN 's Janet Ahn traveled to Haiti to witness the earthquake devastation and help rebuild Ahn met Miriam Frederick , who has been volunteering in Haiti for the past 30 years Frederick helps care for Lavita , 8 , suffering from malnutrition after living in tent city Seeing Lavita 's recovery encourages volunteers to continue working
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- The United States said Tuesday it has backed a plan aimed at dismantling North Korea 's nuclear facilities by the end of the year , The Associated Press reported . North Korean leader Kim Jong Il , left , welcomes South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun in Pyongyang . Six nations reached a tentative agreement in Beijing on Sunday but said the plan needed further consideration by their governments . The plan was to establish the steps to be taken in the denuclearization process for the remainder of the year , AP reported . "  We have conveyed to the Chinese government our approval for the draft statement . All the parties went back to their capitals . We studied it , examined it , gave our approval to the Chinese . I ca n't speak to the status of all the other countries , " State Department Spokesman Sean McCormack said , according to AP . He declined to comment on specifics of the agreement . Negotiators have been working to move forward an agreement made in February under which the countries agreed to give North Korea 1 million tons of heavy fuel oil , or the monetary equivalent in other aid and assistance , according to AP . North Korea in return agreed to shut down its main nuclear reactor , which it did in July , and declare and ultimately dismantle all its nuclear programs , AP reported . Last year , North Korea tested a nuclear bomb , rattling regional stability and leading to a dramatic turnaround in a previously hard-line U.S. policy . On the eve of this week 's summit , South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun told graduating military cadets that his goal is to secure peace on the Korean peninsula . Roh acknowledged that ridding the North of nuclear weapons and establishing a peace treaty could not be realized by the two Koreas alone . But he said he would work to establish a concrete agreement on "  building military trust and addressing humanitarian matters . " Earlier Tuesday , North Korean leader Kim Jong Il greeted Roh in Pyongyang to begin the second summit between the two countries since the peninsula 's division after World War II . Thousands of cheering North Koreans and a military honor guard bearing rifles with bayonets heralded the leaders ' first encounter outside a cultural hall in the North Korean capital , where Roh traveled 3 1/2 hours by road from the South Korean capital , Seoul . The two leaders shook hands , but the only words exchanged were a mutual "  glad to meet you . " Neither made any public comment before Roh got back into his armored limousine to travel to the state guesthouse where he is staying for the summit , which runs through Thursday . Watch Roh say what he wants to achieve with this summit " Roh later attended a welcoming dinner hosted by North Korea 's second most senior leader , Kim Yong-nam , president of the Presidium of the Supreme People 's Assembly . Kim Jong Il did not attend the dinner . Earlier , Roh symbolically walked across the North 's border , pledging to foster peace on the divided peninsula . Roh became the first leader from either side to cross the border on foot . "  This line is a wall that has divided the nation for a half-century . Our people have suffered from too many hardships and development has been held up due to this wall , " Roh said , crossing near the North Korean city of Kaesong . "  This line will be gradually erased and the wall will fall , " he said . "  I will make efforts to make my walk across the border an occasion to remove the forbidden wall and move toward peace and prosperity . " The three-day meeting in Pyongyang will mark the first extended appearance of the enigmatic , authoritarian Kim before the world since the two Koreas ' only other summit in June 2000 . But Tuesday 's meeting contrasted with the 2000 summit , when Kim warmly greeted the then South Korean President Kim Dae-jung . The meeting with the North Korean leader , announced in early August , was initially scheduled for the end of that month but was postponed after massive flooding in Pyongyang . The Koreas summit comes in the final months of Roh 's scandal-ridden term , and some analysts suspect the South Korean leader is hoping the Pyongyang meeting will boost his sagging approval ratings and help position his party in the upcoming elections against the conservative opposition . A joint statement following the 2000 summit between Kim Jong Il and Kim Dae-jung indicated the next meeting between the Korean leaders would take place in Seoul . Roh 's decision not to push for a meeting outside the North Korean capital was criticized by Bruce Klinger of the Heritage Foundation 's Asian Studies Center in a recent article titled , "  Seoul 's Impetuous Summit Initiative . " "  It is indicative of Roh 's eagerness that he failed to insist on holding the summit in the Kaesong special economic zone in North Korea to highlight the flagship initiative of Seoul 's engagement policy , " Klinger wrote . But one South Korean woman said she believes the summit "  is our last chance " to negotiate the freedom of hundreds of Korean prisoners of war and abductees , including her father , a fisherman on a boat believed abducted by the North more than 30 years ago . Other South Koreans have protested the summit -- including one man who set himself on fire during a demonstration in Seoul -- demanding that Roh push North Korea on its human rights violations during the talks . Instead , the summit is expected to address military tensions , including settling a sea border dispute on the west coast of the Korean peninsula , and economic issues , such as how South Korean businesses can help the North climb out of extreme poverty . The 2000 summit , part of Kim Dae-jung 's policy of engagement with North Korea , paved the way for his Nobel Peace Prize awarded that same year . But South Korean investigators later revealed that Kim Dae-jung paid hundreds of millions of dollars to secure the meeting , the first between Stalinist North Korea and capitalist South Korea . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Seoul Bureau Chief Sohn Jie-ae contributed to this report . Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : AP says U.S. endorses plan to dismantle North Korea 's nuclear plants N. Korean leader Kim Jong Il greets S. Korean President Roh Moo-hyun Meeting between leaders is second such meeting on Korean peninsula Summit is expected to address military tensions , sea border dispute
CNN  Four top environmental scientists raised the stakes Sunday in their fight to reverse climate change and save the planet . Climate and energy scientists James Hansen , Ken Caldeira , Kerry Emanuel and Tom Wigley have released an open letter calling on world leaders to support development of safer nuclear power systems . Wait -- pro-nuclear environmentalists ? Is n't that an oxymoron ? Apparently , not so much anymore . Embracing nuclear is the only way , the scientists believe , to reverse the looming threat of climate change which they blame on fossil fuels . Depending who you ask , they 're either abandoning -- or leading -- traditional environmentalists who for a half-century have rejected clean-burning nuclear power as too expensive or too dangerous . Opponents cite disasters at Fukushima , Chernobyl and Three Mile island . Related : Fukushima update The fear is that time is running out . Without nuclear , the scientists believe global energy consumption will overtake the planet 's ability to reverse the buildup of carbon dioxide pollution from burning oil , coal and other fossil fuels . At risk , said Hansen , are disintegrating polar ice sheets and rising sea levels which will threaten coastal regions . The letter is among the scientists ' strongest public statements backing nuclear power . It also comes as CNN plans to air "  Pandora 's Promise , " a documentary about environmentalists and longtime nuclear opponents who 've done complete 180s on nukes . By releasing the letter , the scientists are "  putting their reputations on the line to do something that the ultra-greens regard as treason , " said Stanford University Nobel-winning physicist Burton Richter . Nuclear power is burgeoning in some parts of the world and shrinking in others . Asia is embracing it -- except Japan -- which is still struggling to figure out how to safely deal with the dangerously radioactive Fukushima nuclear power plant . The Japanese disaster left Germany so unnerved that they 've chosen to phase out their 17 nuclear facilities by 2022 . "  We 've got four top guns in the environmental movement telling -LSB- German Chancellor -RSB- Angela Merkel , ` You 're wrong to shut down nuclear , ' " said Richter . "  I think that 's a relatively big deal . " Are we witnessing the birth of a mutiny within the environmental movement ? Will typical 21st-century environmentalists eventually embrace the power of the atom ? A leading environmental group opposed to nuclear power says no . "  I do n't think it 's very significant that a few people have changed their minds about nuclear power , " said Ralph Cavanagh of the Natural Resources Defense Council . Nuclear fuel may burn cleaner , the NRDC says , but comes with too many safety issues and too high of a price tag . The letter admits "  today 's nuclear plants are far from perfect . " However , " ... there is no credible path to climate stabilization that does not include a substantial role for nuclear power . " Read the letter The four scientists say they have no connection to "  Pandora 's Promise , " which blames resistance to nuclear energy on groundless fears rooted in the Cold War , Chernobyl in 1986 and 1979 's Three Mile Island . Related : Chernobyl 's local health problems Map : Closest nukes to your home In the documentary , which debuts on CNN Thursday at 9 p.m. ET/PT , climate change activist and author Mark Lynas says he knew publicly supporting nuclear energy would put his entire career at risk . "  I 'd have been much better just to keep my mouth shut , " he admits in the film . "  But I could n't do that . " Cavanagh said the "  movie attempts to establish the proposition that mainstream environmentalists are pouring into nuclear advocacy today . They are n't . I 've been in the NRDC since 1979 . I have a pretty good idea of where the mainstream environmental groups are and have been . I 've seen no movement . " Selling nuclear energy to environmentalists is a tough pitch . Hansen acknowledged that many of them wo n't easily buy into it . Parts of the community operate like "  a religion of sorts , which makes it very difficult , " Hansen said . "  They 're not all objectively looking at the pros and cons . " The NRDC has n't rejected nuclear power out of hand , Cavanagh said . It constantly evaluates nuclear power and "  everything else , " he said . "  I think that 's our obligation . " Is it possible to be both an environmentalist and a supporter of nuclear power ? "  You can be , " Cavanagh said . Hansen has been spreading his message to the community 's top influencers . He tells of a recent meeting with Al Gore where he tried to sell the former vice president on how advanced nuclear technology might stabilize climate change . Gore invited two anti-nuclear advocates to the meeting , Hansen said , and by the time it was all over , Gore was unmoved . "  I mean , Al essentially understands that we had better try to develop safer , better nuclear power , " said Hansen , "  but he wo n't come out and say that . " Here 's what Gore did say publicly about it during a recent Reddit "  Ask Me Anything " chat : nuclear energy "  will continue to play a limited role , and IF the ongoing -LSB- research and development -RSB- produces cheaper , safer , smaller reactors , they may yet play a more significant role . " Decarbonizing Among nuclear energy supporters , France remains a hero nation . In the 1970s , it chose to invest heavily in nuclear power creating a system that boasts some of the cheapest energy and cleanest air on the planet . Germany puts out about 18 % of its power with nuclear . But with the upcoming nuke phase-out , there are doubts about whether Germany can offset its nuclear output with wind and other clean energy sources . Michael Limburg , vice president of the European Institute for Climate and Energy , told CNN in September that the government 's energy targets are "  completely unfeasible . " "  Of course , it 's possible to erect tens of thousands of windmills but only at an extreme cost and waste of natural space , " he said . "  And still it would not be able to deliver electricity when it is needed . " There are 65 commercially operating nuclear plants in the U.S. , including 104 reactors . Five new reactors are currently being built , in Georgia , South Carolina and Tennessee . In the past year , utilities have permanently shut down four others and plan to take a fifth out of service in 2014 . At least two other planned projects have been shelved . "  Nuclear power is dying a slow death in the market place , which is what matters in determining its future , " said Cavanagh . As an alternative , the NRDC is touting efficiency . Energy-saving technology is becoming so successful , according to a new NRDC report , that efficiency has "  significant potential to dramatically reduce power plant emissions . " Total U.S. energy use peaked in 2007 and has been trending downward ever since , the NRDC says . On the other hand , scientists in "  Pandora 's Promise " claim energy consumption globally could double by 2050 -- and perhaps triple or quadruple by 2100 -- as growing nations like China , India and Brazil start to want more energy . A United Nations report released last month re-confirmed Hansen 's fears . The study concluded that the planet is heating up , the oceans are rising and there 's more evidence that neither development is natural . Hansen , who was among the initial wave of scientists warning about climate change in the 1980s , said Friday he fears most its "  irreversible effects . " "  Once we get to a certain point and the ice sheets start to disintegrate , then you ca n't stop it . " Then Hansen paused . "  And we 're getting very close to that point . " If we stay on the current path , he said , "  those are the consequences we 'll be leaving to our children . The best candidate to avoid that is nuclear power . It 's ready now . We need to take advantage of it . " CNN 's Matt Smith and Oliver Joy contributed to this report .	Top enviro-scientists call on world leaders to embrace nuclear power Only nukes can make enough clean power to slow climate change , they say Nuclear energy is too expensive and risky , says Natural Resources Defense Council Scientist : Al Gore supports safer , better nuclear power , "  but he wo n't come out and say that "
New York  CNN  -- A former JetBlue flight attendant -- who reportedly cursed a passenger over a plane 's public address system , deployed the plane 's emergency evacuation slide , and used it to dramatically exit a flight at JFK airport in August -- pleaded guilty to two counts of attempted criminal mischief as part of a plea deal with prosecutors . Steven Slater pleaded guilty to second-degree attempted criminal mischief , a felony , and fourth-degree attempted criminal mischief , a misdemeanor . Under terms of the plea deal , he must enter a yearlong mental health program . During the program , he must take assigned medications and not get arrested . If he does not comply , he could receive between one and three years in jail . If he successfully completes the program , Slater can apply after one year to vacate the guilty plea to the felony charge and will receive a year of probation , according to terms of the plea deal . He must also pay $ 10,000 in restitution to JetBlue , the cost of repairing or replacing the chute . "  I want to thank everyone for their support and kindness that got me through to this day , " Slater said after the hearing . "  The public interest in this was surprising , unexpected and encouraging . At the end of the day , I am a grown adult and must accept responsibility for my actions . Therefore , I am looking forward to moving forward with my life and I 'm very grateful to the court for making these arrangements which allow me to do so . " JetBlue suspended Slater immediately after the August 9 incident and he resigned from the airline last month . Terms of the deal were announced and Slater entered the plea Tuesday in Queens Supreme Court . Slater defense attorney Daniel Horwitz said last month he was negotiating a plea deal with Queens prosecutors . "  We look forward to resolving this matter amicably with the district attorney , " Horwitz said . And Queens District Attorney Richard Brown had said his office is considering "  an alternative sentencing program , at the defendant 's request . " Brown initially charged Slater with reckless endangerment , criminal mischief and criminal trespass , all of which could theoretically carry a seven-year sentence in prison . Slater at first pleaded not guilty . Slater 's first court-appointed attorney had said a passenger hit Slater on the head with either the overhead bin or luggage , triggering his outburst . But some passengers who were on board the flight raised questions about that account . Slater 's apparent "  Take this job and shove it " action generated hundreds of thousands of fans on the internet . Hollywood public relations veteran Howard Bragman agreed to represent Slater amid speculation the former flight attendant 's notoriety could lead to a television contract . "  The court is the first issue , " Bragman told CNN . "  I want to resolve that and then we 'll deal with the rest . " CNN 's Allan Chernoff contributed to this report .	NEW : Former flight attendant Steven Slater pleads guilty Slater must enter mental health program He could face 1 to 3 years in jail if he does not comply with terms Slater reportedly cursed on the plane 's P.A. system , then exited via the emergency slide
CNN  -- The report of a lethal chemical weapons attack unleashed by forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad in the suburbs of Damascus on August 21 was only the latest of more than a dozen such reports in recent months , according to Jon Day , the chairman of Britain 's Joint Intelligence Committee . "  We have assessed previously that the Syrian regime used lethal CW on 14 occasions from 2012 , " he said in a two-page report to Prime Minister David Cameron . "  This judgment was made with the highest possible level of certainty following an exhaustive review by the Joint Intelligence Organization of intelligence reports plus diplomatic and open sources . " If what Day described as "  a clear pattern of regime use " of chemical weapons has indeed been established , why did the latest report spark a more bellicose response from world powers ? Part of the answer lies in the scale of the event , in which hundreds of people are reported to have died , said Dr. Howard Hu , a consultant on chemical weapons for Physicians for Human Rights and dean of the Dalla Lana School of Public Health at the University of Toronto . Opinion : Chemical weapons are a nightmare for Syrians In addition , the evidence is strong , he said . "  This time , there was enough videotaped evidence of victims subsequent to the attacks to provide a level of detail that allowed observers like myself to see signs that were consistent with an acute response to a nerve agent . And that level of specificity , I think , also increased the level of certainty and urgency to this . " Hu further cited the August 24 report by Medecins Sans Frontieres , also known as Doctors Without Borders . It cited information from three hospitals it supports in Syria 's Damascus governorate that said some 3,600 patients had arrived at one of the hospitals within a three-hour time span showing neurotoxic symptoms , and that 355 of them died . "  Medical staff working in these facilities provided detailed information to MSF doctors regarding large numbers of patients arriving with symptoms including convulsions , excess saliva , pinpoint pupils , blurred vision and respiratory distress , " said Dr. Bart Janssens , MSF director of operations . Chemical weapons in Syria : How did we get here ? Patients were treated with atropine , a drug that treats neurotoxic symptoms . Janssens said the group could neither confirm the cause of the symptoms nor identify who was responsible . However , he added , "  the reported symptoms of the patients , in addition to the epidemiological pattern of the events -- characterised by the massive influx of patients in a short period of time , the origin of the patients , and the contamination of medical and first aid workers -- strongly indicate mass exposure to a neurotoxic agent . This would constitute a violation of international humanitarian law , which absolutely prohibits the use of chemical and biological weapons . " Hu said that the reports of medical personnel winding up with some of the same symptoms suffered by their patients "  is very consistent with a toxic CW  chemical weapons  agent causing secondary effects . So , put it all together , it 's a very , very compelling case . " What justifies intervening if Syria uses chemical weapons ? Charles P. Blair , a senior fellow on state and non-state threats at the Federation of American Scientists , has compiled a dataset of 18 other reported chemical weapons attacks in Syria . The August 21 report stands apart from the others in the number of reported injuries , he said . But questions remain about all of the reported cases -- as to what agents may have been involved and who was responsible , said Blair , who also teaches graduate classes on the subject at Johns Hopkins University . "  I think it 's likely the Assad regime has  used  sarin on potentially two occasions , maybe three that we know if , but it 's done so using very , very small quantities of it , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  And it 's used primarily to dislodge entrenched opposition forces and probably to test the international community " to see how it responds , he said . That would not explain the apparently large use reported in the August 21 attack , which crossed the administration 's oft-repeated "  red line , " he said . "  If it was a chemical attack , if it was the Assad regime , it was such an egregious and completely irrational use of chemical weapons that the administration had to respond , " he said . But that has left the administration in a dilemma , he said . "  There 's nobody on the ground right now that they can identify that they can back safely without the risk of that group being overrun or taken over by the jihadist groups in Syria . " In other words , the jihadists could wind up being empowered if the Obama administration carries out an attack , he said . "  If they do n't play this right , the leadership in Damascus could be jihadist -- with a large chemical weapons arsenal at their disposal . " Blair proposed three theories about why the Syrian regime might have carried out the attack : -- It is playing an "  incredibly complex chess game , playing like what Spock used to play -- it makes sense to them , but we ca n't even figure it out ; " -- The regime is beginning to disintegrate and the attacks were carried out by rogue elements and was not authorized ; -- The leadership has lost touch with reality . But the administration is unlikely to move beyond rhetoric , Blair predicted . "  I do n't think , if I had to guess , that there will be military strikes based on this one incident . If again -- maybe . " Attacking the regime would be a risky move , he said . "  You do n't know the response . They could launch Scuds at Israel full of sarin . " Another concern : the command and control over the country 's vast stocks of chemical weapons could be delegative , meaning that subordinates in the field may have the power to launch the stocks if certain conditions are met . "  So , if the United States destroys x , y and z , it could actually trigger a response from commanders in the field . " And he added that he was not persuaded that chemical weapons have indeed been used . "  There 's nothing available in open sources that they definitively have been , " he said . A claim by France that a laboratory had discovered a marker for sarin in samples taken from Syria was not persuasive , since the chain of custody of the sample was never verified , he said . "  If you ca n't prove chain of custody , you ca n't rely on it . So many groups and states would have an interest in tampering with the samples that went out . " The verification of the claims is particularly critical given the U.S. government 's history of being duped about the alleged weapons of mass destruction that preceded the U.S.-led attack on Iraq . "  Words ca n't describe how catastrophic it was , " he said . "  Most people in the community are skeptical . "	British intelligence cites 15 such attacks since 2012 "  A clear pattern of regime use , " says the Intelligence Committee head The August 21 incident poses "  a very , very compelling case " But skeptics abound -- remember Iraq 's WMD ?
Pakistani teenager Malala Yousafzai 's inspiring speech at the United Nations on every child 's right to go to school is just the beginning of a major push on education , former UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Saturday . Yousafzai -- who on Friday gave her first public remarks since she was shot by the Taliban last year for advocating that all girls should go to school -- will return to the United Nations in September to press her point , according to a statement from Brown 's A World at School campaign . Accompanied by Brown , she will address an education summit of world leaders during the week of the full General Assembly at U.N. headquarters in New York , it said . There , the 16-year-old will demand action on behalf of 57 million children around the world who have no access to any schooling . Meanwhile , Brown , who 's the U.N. special envoy for global education , will travel to Pakistan in July to discuss education issues with the country 's new government . He also intends to visit Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nation , in the fall . Between them , Pakistan and Nigeria have 16 million children out of school , the statement said , most of them girls . Malala 's journey from near death to recovery Brown and Yousafzai met with the United Nations ' Pakistan high commissioner on Friday to discuss the plight of more than 5 million children who are out of school in the country , the statement said . "  Malala 's speech was just the start of a momentous push for change in the run up to 2015 , to deal with the education emergency , " Brown said . The Millennium Development Goal on education set by U.N. member states in 2000 pledged to have every child in school by 2015 . In her speech Friday , Yousafzai said the masked gunmen who shot her in the head in October , who also injured two other girls , had not silenced her ambitions but rather made her stronger . Gordon Brown : The story of Malala 's friend "  They thought that the bullets would silence us , but they failed , " she said . "  And then , out of that silence came thousands of voices . " She said that she does n't seek revenge against the Taliban , who have threatened to hunt her down again and end her life , and that she 's against no one . Malala 's global voice stronger than ever "  I am here to speak up for the right of education of every child , " she said . "  I want education for the sons and the daughters of all the extremists , especially the Taliban . " She also reflected on the very real dangers faced by teachers and students in Pakistan . Earlier this summer , a teacher was gunned down in front of her son as she drove into her all-girl school . A school principal was killed and his students severely injured when a bomb was tossed onto a school playground at a girls ' school in Karachi in March . In January , five teachers were killed near the town of Swabi in the volatile northern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , the United Nations says . And , in June , a suicide bomber blew up a bus carrying 40 schoolgirls as it made its way to a girls ' campus in Quetta . Fourteen students were killed . The speech , given on her 16th birthday , was not about her , Yousafzai added , but rather to give a voice to all the voiceless millions around the world fighting for their rights . "  Let us wage a global struggle against illiteracy , poverty and terrorism , and let us pick up our books and pens . They are our most powerful weapons , " she said . "  One child , one teacher , one pen and one book can change the world . Education is the only solution . Education first . " The world 's other Malalas	Malala Yousafzai will return to address leaders at the United Nations in September Gordon Brown , the U.N. special education envoy , will visit Pakistan and Nigeria this year Both are calling for all children around the world to be given access to education "  Malala 's speech was just the start of a momentous push for change , " says Brown
CNN Student News  -- April 19 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : West , Texas ; Boston , Massachusetts ; Mississippi Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . Teachers : We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Brazilian starlet Neymar completed his transfer to Barcelona on Monday and swiftly declared that his aim was to help Lionel Messi continue to be the best footballer on the planet . "  Barca are more than a club and a great team and I want to help Messi to continue to be the greatest player in the world , " he was quoted as saying by Barcelona 's official website . The words may be seen as an attempt to dampen speculation as to how the 21-year-old signing from Brazilian side Santos will fare alongside the four-time World Footballer of the Year . Barcelona legend Johann Cruyff recently stoked the debate when stressing a need to learn from the past as he discussed Neymar 's arrival , saying he would not put "  two captains on the same ship . " Despite his widespread reputation as one of the greatest players in footballing history , Messi has not been averse to criticism from some teammates in years gone by . In his 2011 biography , Zlatan Ibrahimovic complained that the end of his Barcelona career began when Messi told then coach Pep Guardiola that he wanted to play centrally , rather than on the wing , so forcing the Swede to play out of position . The striker was an expensive flop after joining in 2009 and the present Barcelona hierarchy will hope that the $ 75 million spent on Neymar will work out far better than the similar amount splashed on Ibrahimovic , who lasted just a year at the club . "  There are big question marks as to how Neymar will fit into the team as there is already one god , or demigod , at Barcelona in Lionel Messi , " Spanish football expert Jimmy Burns told CNN . "  There is potential tension . Cruyff has said in recent days that you can not have two captains but other people are being more generous . "  I think he is going to introduce a necessary element of dynamism to a Barca that showed signs of flagging in the season just past , and who were utterly destroyed by Bayern Munich in the Champions League semifinals . " Beaten 7-0 over two legs in the semifinals of this year 's competition by the eventual winners , Barcelona can at least reflect on a more than satisfactory league campaign . They reclaimed the title off last year 's champions Real Madrid in convincing fashion , winning La Liga by a record 15 points over their bitter rivals . Barca also registered 32 victories and reached 100 points for the first time in a league campaign following Saturday 's 4-1 defeat of Malaga . "  I 'm very happy to be a Barca player . I 'm very excited , I 've realized a dream . Thank you so much , " said Neymar after walking out into Barcelona 's stadium accompanied by a group of children and the club 's hymn . "  It is an honor to play alongside the best player in the world in Messi . It should be easier to play alongside him because he is the best , " he added later . He was greeted by over 56,000 fans , with the Barcelona website commenting that "  very few players  had  garnered this much attention from the Camp Nou faithful . " The Brazil international , who flew overnight from Rio de Janeiro after playing in Sunday 's 2-2 draw with England , put pen to paper on his contract on Monday after passing a medical . Neymar -- whose full name is Neymar da Silva Junio -- signed a deal that is set to keep him at the club until 2018 . Any suitors potentially interested in luring the Brazilian away will have to stump up a staggering transfer fee after Barcelona announced that his buyout clause is $ 248 million . Barcelona vice president Josep Maria Bartomeu revealed on Monday that Barca had planned to bring in Neymar next year only to have to move the deal forward in light of competition for his signature from Real Madrid and another unnamed club . "  The operation has been made more expensive due to the interest of other clubs that interfered in the signing of Neymar , " he said . "  It was foreseen that Neymar would arrive in 2014 . To bring the move forward , we have had to pay $ 22 million more . " In total , the deal cost Barcelona $ 75 million , with the club having already made a down payment of $ 13 million last year . Neymar himself said he had always targeted a move to Barcelona despite the attempts made by their great rivals Real . "  Real Madrid is a great club and I respect them , but I chose Barca because my heart was with Barca and I am here today , " he explained . "  My family and I have never been moved by money , for me happiness is very important and I am happy at Barca . " The Spanish titleholders and four-time European champions announced the signing of the forward on May 26 .	Neymar signs five-year contract at Barcelona before greeting packed Camp Nou Spanish club say transfer cost of $ 75 million was raised after late interest from Real Madrid Barca had initially intended to sign the forward in 2014
CNN  -- It 's just over a week until one of the biggest geek gatherings of the year , South By Southwest Interactive , kicks off in Austin , Texas . SXSW is where fledgling tech companies sink or swim . Twitter and Foursquare caught on in part thanks to massive buzz at SXSW , while thousands of other new companies dreamed the "  Southby " dream but went nowhere . So which new technologies might we expect to see breaking out at SXSW 2012 ? Applications set to go mainstream The iPad 3 , which will be announced by Apple two days before SXSW Interactive kicks off , will be a big topic in Austin . Developers at the festival will no doubt be rushing to update their applications to work with what is expected to be a higher resolution screen on the device . A handful of emerging companies also will continue to gain momentum : The mobile journal Path has achieved some success with the early adopter crowd after its latest update , while the social nature of photo-sharing app Instagram is bound to make it a favorite at SXSW . Pinterest , the fast-growing darling of the online-scrapbooking set , also will be in Austin . New startups My bet for the breakout trend at this year 's SXSW is "  ambient social networking . " While the last crop of mobile apps involved "  checking in " to venues to find friends , many smartphones are now able to continually discover your location and broadcast it . Once you log in with Facebook , Foursquare and other existing social networks , new mobile applications can alert you when a friend , or even a friend of a friend , is in the vicinity . Some even tell you when people nearby share your interests . Which app names might you be hearing if this trend takes off ? Perhaps Sonar , which analyzes your Foursquare , Facebook and Twitter networks to see if any friends -- or friends of friends -- are nearby . Or Glancee , which alerts you when people with similar interests are , say , in the bar next door . Ban.jo alerts you about friends you did n't know were nearby , while Highlig.ht lets you see when your Facebook contacts are around . Tech enthusiast Robert Scoble predicts Highlig.ht will be "  the hot app at SXSW this year . " Oversharing The potential problem should be obvious : Privacy . This new generation of apps broadcasts your location at all times to friends -- and in many cases to people you do n't even know . The physical distance at which alerts are sent varies , but some app developers propose that being in the same city as a contact would be enough to trigger a message . And unlike the previous generations of applications that required you to check in to a venue , these apps are persistent unless you pause them or turn them off . The potential for both hilarity and calamity is clear . So the real question is : How comfortable are early adopters with ambient social networking ? And if they enjoy the experience , will mainstream users catch on fast -- or will privacy concerns scare them away ? At SXSW 2012 , we hope to find out .	Cashmore : Breakout trend at SXSW this month may be "  ambient social networking " Apps would automatically share info about you with nearby people in your networks Privacy is becoming an issue as more apps allow people to broadcast their location The social nature of photo-sharing app Instagram also may make it a favorite at SXSW
CNN  -- The Obama administration is stepping up security for some flights headed to the United States from Europe and the Middle East , reflecting heightened concern that terrorists are developing more sophisticated bombs designed to avoid airport screening . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said in a statement that he has directed the Transportation Security Administration to "  implement enhanced security measures in the coming days " at selected overseas airports . "  We will work to ensure these necessary steps pose as few disruptions to travelers as possible , " Johnson said in a statement . "  We are sharing recent and relevant information with our foreign allies and are consulting the aviation industry . " Specific steps or airports were not disclosed . A homeland security official said that TSA would work with airlines and security agencies overseas and that the changes will primarily focus on airports in Europe and the Middle East . The effort does not involve changes to what travelers can take aboard flights . But passengers may see additional inspections of shoes and electronics , additional use of scanners designed to detect trace amounts of explosives , and another stage of screening at boarding gates , in some cases , the official said . The measures do not involve U.S. domestic flights , and passengers could see changes as early as next week . The changes came about based on new intelligence on terror groups trying to build new types of improvised explosives that are harder to detect , the official told CNN . There was no specific plot . The UK Department for Transport confirmed Wednesday that it is stepping up some of its aviation security measures . "  For obvious reasons we will not be commenting in detail on those changes . The majority of passengers should not experience significant disruption , " a spokesman said . "  The UK has some of the most robust aviation security measures and we will continue to take all the steps necessary to ensure that public safety is maintained . " Since hardening cockpit doors and taking other measures after the 9/11 al Qaeda attacks , the U.S. aviation security focus has shifted primarily from hijackings to plastic and other explosives that can be carried aboard a plane or hidden in baggage . The United States has particularly been focused on efforts by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula to develop undetectable explosives since the unsuccessful attempt by the so-called "  underwear bomber " to bring down a Delta Air Lines jet over Detroit in 2009 . CNN 's Andrew Carey contributed to this report .	NEW : UK government confirms it is stepping up aviation security measures Homeland Security imposing enhanced security measures at certain overseas airports Passengers could see added shoe inspections , closer explosives screening The steps are related to new intelligence on terror groups and bomb making
CNN  -- If the figures for childhood obesity in the United States were not shocking enough -- prompting First Lady Michelle Obama to set up a nationwide program to tackle the epidemic -- the statistics among the Native American community are yet more sobering . Nearly 50 % of indigenous children are classed as obese , and on current projections they could be the first generation not to outlive their parents . Urgent action is clearly needed and Obama has started her "  Let 's Move " initiative -- but help is also at hand from a former golfer who was once talked of in the same breath as his "  dear friend " Tiger Woods and remains a hero in his Native American community . Notah Begay III is bringing the same competitive fervor which made him one of the sport 's hottest young prospects to a charitable foundation which focuses on tackling these health problems . "  One in two Native American children expect to develop type 2 diabetes in their lifetime , so it is vital that effective strategies are available for all our communities , " Begay told CNN . Begay , a roommate of Woods at Stanford University , won four PGA Tour events before the age of 28 and achieved the "  holy grail " of golf -- a round of 59 in a professional event . But a debilitating back injury put paid to his hopes of building on that early promise and he now devotes his time to his NB3 foundation as well as working as a golf analyst for an American network . ` Generational trauma ' A Navajo on his father 's side , while his mother is from the Pueblo Nation , Begay is fiercely loyal to his upbringing and cultural identity . He is not afraid to speak out on equality issues -- he has gone on public record to criticize the NFL franchise Washington Redskins for its "  offensive " name . Begay was alarmed by the team 's custom of having non-Native Americans dressed up in traditional clothing and regalia performing at games . It all touches a raw nerve for the 41-year-old , who believes that what happened in the past -- and our society 's attitude to it -- is having a direct impact on today 's generation of Native Americans , with shocking consequences . "  Historically speaking , communities that have endured genocide suffer from generational trauma which leads to social issues , poor education , poor health outcomes , high crime and lots of addiction , " he said . "  These are problems in the Native American community and we are at the very beginning of the fight . " His foundation was established in 2005 with the initial goal of introducing Native American youngsters from the greater Albuquerque area to golf , in a program headed by his father , Notah Begay Jr. . Other sports such as soccer were also introduced . But as the program expanded , the emphasis became those endemic health problems which blight his community . "  Something which started as simply golf and then soccer for kids is now an evidence based health and wellness program , " he said . Funding the fight Begay 's skills acquired as an economics major at Stanford have been put to good use with the foundation . "  I have tried to assign business principles to every aspect of our work , " he revealed . "  We keep score and , if we are not hitting our targets , we change . I do n't see why non-profits should not be accountable for ever dollar invested . "  To use a golf adage , we shoot for a 59 with some programs which carry a very high risk , but mix those with others where we know we are guaranteed a return on our investment . It 's a good mix . " Begay has used his contacts in golf , Woods included , to promote a yearly charity tournament , the NB3 Challenge , which has raised over $ 4 million for the foundation . Woods had to skip this year 's tournament at the Turning Stone Resort in New York State with a back injury , but spectators were treated to his replacement Gary Woodland , Begay , Rickie Fowler and Bo Van Pelt beating an internationals team which included former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel and former world No. 1 Lee Westwood . For the flamboyant and crowd-pleasing Fowler , the event and the cause has added significance as he is one-quarter Navajo . "  His grandmother has become friends with my father because they are both of Navajo descent , " Begay said . "  I became aware of what Rickie was doing from his high school days and he has brought a lot of flair to the game . "  He is a very good-looking young man , with the colorful clothes , his unique swing , and he has created a lot of interest . " Learning lessons For all his promise , Fowler still has some way to match Begay 's achievements , which as well as his PGA Tour wins and the storied 59 in a Challenge Tour event , also included a place on the 2000 U.S. Presidents Cup team . But like his friend Woods , Begay has also made the headlines for the wrong reasons . In January 2000 , he was arrested for driving under the influence in Albuquerque , his second offense of its type and sentenced to a year in jail , but with all but seven days suspended . Begay makes no attempt to duck his responsibilities -- raising the issue before being asked a direct question by CNN . "  I was aware there were certain expectations as a role model , and when you get arrested for drunk driving , I felt like I let down a lot of people , " he said . "  But I learned from those mistakes and a lot of times failure is what drives you to success down the road . "  I made a mistake , I served my time in jail and did n't try to sidestep it . " It is a measure of his determination that Begay went on to achieve two PGA Tour wins later that year and make that Presidents Cup appearance , pairing with Woods as the U.S. won against the International team . But sadly , it was to prove the peak of his career , which began as a three-time All American at Stanford with Woods , but petered out due to problems emanating from a herniated disc in his back . A number of comebacks and attempts to regain his full Tour card were ultimately frustrated and , having turned his talents to broadcasting , Begay gained a full-time position with NBC and the Golf Channel earlier this year . "  I play fine and take part in a couple of smaller events throughout the year , but playing 25 tournaments at the highest level each year is not possible , " he said . Loyalty to his community and to his friends is a constant theme in Begay 's life -- he stood by Woods when the 14-time major champion was in self-imposed exile , with sponsors deserting him and supporters hard to find . Begay was there for Woods -- embracing him warmly -- when he made his February 2010 televised confession of extra marital affairs , and behind the microphone he has celebrated his return to the top of the world rankings three years later . Woods has returned that favor with his support for NB3 , drawing the crowds in the 2012 tournament , which helped to place added focus on the foundation 's crucial work . It is now working with the Indian Health Service  IHS  , which provides for more than two million Native Americans , and the collaboration was developed in support of the initiative started by Michelle Obama . Her "  Let 's Move in Indian Country " program seeks to improve the health of Native youth through exercise . "  This unprecedented partnership between the Obama administration , the IHS , and the NB3F demonstrates the critical importance of leveraging partnerships and resources to tackle the health crisis facing Native American children , " Begay told his foundation 's website . So exciting times ahead for his program , but he is aware of the immense challenges it faces . "  A lot of the tribal leaders are starting to support or work and acknowledge the dangers are young people are in , " Begay said . "  It 's all about taking personal responsibility for your own life and to make something of yourself . " Cracking the code Begay has lived up to those ideals with a strong work ethic in his family -- drilled into him by his father -- and backed up by no little flair through the generations . His grandfather , who died before he was born , was one of a select band of "  Code Talkers " recruited by the U.S military during World War Two to use the Navajo language as a basis for a secret communications code , which was never cracked by the Japanese or the Germans . Thanks to his own hard work and talent , Begay was set firmly on the course to stardom from his college days . But if he does harbor any regrets about not being able to follow through on his early promise to win majors like Woods , Begay does not show it as he talks with passion about his foundation 's goals and hopes for the future . "  I love this work , just as I loved trying to hit a ball onto the fairway , " he said .	Notah Begay is a golfer with a Native American background Has four PGA Tour wins and was a Presidents Cup teammate of Tiger Woods Promotes foundation for health and wellbeing in Native American community Fight against type 2 diabetes and obesity is his priority
Budapest , Hungary  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people protested against Hungary 's new constitution in Budapest Monday night , demanding that Prime Minister Viktor Orban resign . Crowds outside the city 's opera house called the prime minister "  Viktator " -- a pun on "  dictator " -- as Orban and other dignitaries attended a gala inside . Lasting nearly five hours , the protest was organized by opposition parties and civil society groups who say the new constitution is anti-democratic . American Secretary of State Hillary Clinton expressed similar concerns last year , pushing Orban to commit to "  the independence of the judiciary , a free press , and governmental transparency . " Orban and other officials left the gala celebrating the new constitution through back doors to avoid the demonstration . The new constitution , which took effect on January 1 , omits "  republic " from Hungary 's official name , and includes several paragraphs which Amnesty International says violate international human rights . The human rights organization has been critical of sections that define life as beginning at conception and marriage as being between a man and a woman . It also expressed concerns about the possibility of life imprisonment without parole , and failure to forbid discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation . Monday 's demonstration was preceded by a series of protests in 2011 against laws introduced by Hungary 's populist government . Critics have said the new media law is restrictive and the new electoral law favors Orban 's ruling party FIDESZ . They have also taken aim at a law criminalizing homelessness . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso wrote to Orban in December requesting the withdrawal of two recent bills related to the country 's financial stability and the central bank . Orban rejected the requests .	Tens of thousands protest at the opera house , calling the prime minister a dictator He leaves by a back door to avoid the demonstration Critics are upset about the new constitution , which they call anti-democratic Amnesty International and Hillary Clinton have expressed concerns
CNN  -- Swedish golfer Richard S. Johnson claimed his second European Tour title after sinking a monster putt to avoid a playoff at his home Scandinavian Masters on Sunday . The U.S.-based 33-year-old drained a 30-foot birdie effort at the final hole to end the hopes of Argentina 's Rafa Echenique and follow up his 2002 victory in a co-sanctioned Australian event . Johnson went into the tournament without his regular caddy Lance Ten Broeck , who played in the British Senior Open instead , so his friend Anders Timmell -- a Stockholm radio DJ -- carried his bags instead . While Ten Broeck missed the cut at Carnoustie in Scotland , Johnson carded a final-round one-under-par 71 to finish on 11-under 277 at Bro Hof Slott . "  It 's one of the sweetest things I 've ever done . Just to come up the 17th and 18th is magical , " the world No. 329 told the European Tour website . "  This is a huge tournament to win for a Swede and I 'm speechless right now . It 's epic . " World No. 371 Echenique closed with a 69 to be one shot back , while Italy 's Edoardo Molinari claimed third place with the same score after a 20-foot closing putt lifted him above a group on 280 which included British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen . Joint first-round leader Oosthuizen tied with Australia 's Brett Rumford  69  and New Zealander Mark Brown  71  following his 73 . "  I did n't play well . I did n't drive well and it put everything under pressure . I had to push it at the end , but Richard played brilliantly , " the South African said . "  I 'm a bit disappointed , but after last week I was hoping to make the cut and I finished fourth , so I 'm happy . " Johnson went into the final round sharing the lead with K.J. Choi , but the veteran Korean collapsed with a 78 to finish back in 13th on 284 . Meanwhile , Germany 's Bernhard Langer claimed his first major title on the seniors circuit with a one-shot victory at the British Open on Sunday . The 52-year-old finished one shot clear of U.S. Ryder Cup captain Corey Pavin after his closing one-over 72 gave him a total of five-under 279 . Pavin , 50 , playing in his first seniors major , shot 70 as he was unable to peg back the former European Ryder Cup leader 's three-shot overnight lead . At the women 's Evian Masters event in France , world No. 4 Jiyai Shin snatched a one-shot victory with a birdie at the final hole . The 22-year-old is expected to return to the top of the rankings after her closing five-under 67 made her the first South Korean to win the tournament , which is sanctioned by both the European and LPGA Tours . She finished on 14-under 274 ahead of fellow Korean Na Yeon Choi  66  , overnight leader Morgan Pressel  70  , and another American Alexis Thompson  67  . Shin recently returned to action following an emergency appendectomy six weeks ago . At the Canadian Open in Toronto , Dean Wilson took a four-shot lead into Sunday 's final round of the PGA Tour event after shooting his third successive five-under 65 . The 40-year-old , playing on a sponsor 's exemption , will be chased by the second-placed group of Carl Pettersson , Tim Clark and Bob Estes . Sweden 's Pettersson earlier broke the tournament record with a 10-under 60 at St. George 's as he just missed out on the magical 59 mark when his final putt from 30 feet went just wide of the hole .	Richard S. Johnson ends his eight-year title drought on the European Tour The world No. 329 wins Scandinavian Masters near Stockholm for second title Bernhard Langer earns his first major title on the seniors circuit at British Open Jiyai Shin becomes first South Korean to win the women 's Evian Masters in France
MALMO , Sweden  CNN  -- The breathy vocals of Nina Persson helped launch The Cardigans onto the music scene in the 1990s . The band developed its dreamy pop sound in the Southern Swedish town of Malmo . Singer Nina Persson finds musical inspiration in love and relationships . They were catapulted to international success in 1997 , when the single "  Lovefool " appeared on the soundtrack for "  Romeo and Juliet , " starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes . The song 's chorus  "  Love me , love me , say that you love me "  became a pop anthem . In addition to fronting The Cardigans , Persson , 34 , has worked on solo projects under the name A Camp . Now , after a near decade long hiatus , her second A Camp album , "  Colonia , " is due out later this month . Persson , who splits her time between New York and Malmo , talks to CNN 's "  My City , My Life " about music , inspiration and life after "  Lovefool . " CNN : How did The Cardigans start ? Nina Persson : We formed the band in this town where we are all originally from -- Jonkoping -- and that was in 1992 . Magnus and Peter were the two guys who actually met and wanted to form the band . And then they recruited people and I was one of the first to be recruited , along with a friend of mine who played guitar in the first version of The Cardigans . I had not sung before that really . I was sort of hired because they knew they wanted a girl singing . And I was like ` I 'm a girl ' and I guess we got along well and I was willing to learn to sing . So that 's how it started really . Watch Nina take CNN on a tour of her favorite Malmo spots " CNN : How big was music in your life before you joined the band ? Nina Persson : I 've loved music my whole life . But I never really listened to a record and thought that was something that I wanted to do . I was interested in becoming a painter , an architect , a designer . Those are the things I was interested in . But music , I never took instrument classes -- it was a random thing to start doing . CNN : Sometime a career finds you ? Nina Persson : Yeah and I was a person who was really helped by it . I was looking for something but I did n't know what it was and it proved to fulfill what I needed at the time . CNN : How is A Camp different from The Cardigans ? Nina Persson : It 's hard to say what makes it different because I 'm still doing the same thing -- I 'm still writing songs and singing them -- but it feels like it 's a bigger freedom because I am in charge in A Camp . I like both . Both serve good purposes . I like to be in the collective , being part of the machinery , but I also really enjoy being dictator . CNN : How do you define yourself as a musician now ? Nina Persson : Well I 'm not . I 'm not one of these people who live and breathe music . In the beginning I was a reluctant musician -- I still have n't bothered to learn an instrument . I 'm still only a singer and that 's how I write my songs . I 'm always superstitious that if I do learn an instrument I would pop the bubble a bit . CNN : Is there anything else you would have liked to have done if you had n't done singing ? Nina Persson : At the time when I was found , picked up by the band , I was into art . I was really good at drawing , really creative . I made stuff , I built stuff , I sewed stuff . I thought I would end up in that world somewhere . Photography was a big thing for me . In retrospect , I 'm sure that could have been a good career for me . But recently I 've started to wish that I could start over and dedicate my life to medicine . I would have loved to go to med school . I do n't think I will because I do n't want to spend seven or eight years in training , but I dream about working in a hospital . CNN : What were your inspirations over the years ? Nina Persson : That 's an incredibly difficult question to answer , but I think I 'm a sucker for constantly going back to the subject of love and relationships . It also varies very much from project to project and month to month . I 'm very emotional when it comes to the music . I want to make people cry . CNN : Tell us the story of how the band ended up in Malmo . See photos of Nina in Malmo " Nina Persson : We moved here because we started to record in Tambourine Studios which was here . Most studios are in Stockholm so sort of all roads wanted to drag us to Stockholm but we did persist and came here . CNN : When you came to Malmo , what was it like starting out in the early days ? Nina Persson : Our parents helped us move down here which was really sweet . They sort of dropped us off and waved goodbye and we moved in . We really did hang out , the five of us , quite exclusively in the beginning . CNN : What was the area like back then ? Has it changed ? Nina Persson : Well actually the area where I now live has n't changed that much . A lot of Malmo has moved away from the blue collar past it has , but not that area . It has strangely remained the same , and I like it . CNN : Do you think the gritty atmosphere of Malmo has helped you stay grounded ? Nina Persson : Well it 's hard to say how much has to do with the people we are or how much to do with Malmo . But there certainly is something here that does not encourage big headedness . CNN : The musical heritage of Malmo is quite rocky . How did you guys fit in ? Nina Persson : People thought we were really ridiculous when we came to this totally rock place and played pop music . So we did n't fit in at all -- we were never part of the scene here . CNN : You were happy to be outsiders of the rocky heritage ? Nina Persson : I think we felt sort of cool about doing our own thing . We thought we knew something that the others did n't understand . CNN : Is there something about Malmo that helps shape your music or influence you ? Nina Persson : I think Malmo did have a big influence on us . Obviously we came here for the sound , and we got the sound we wanted . We were away from the industry -- that was great for us . I really did appreciate being in a place where there is not a lot whole of press and industry . Nina takes CNN : So you also live in New York . What brings you back to Malmo ? Nina Persson : For me , I love Malmo very much because of my friendships . In Malmo I get the intimacy and get to run into my friends in the street once in a while which is a lovely feeling and I get to have a great grocery store just around the corner . CNN : If Malmo was a person , what kind of person would it be ? Nina Persson : It would be somebody who has been around for a while and survived a lot of hardships -- somebody you do n't mess with , somebody really intelligent , stubborn , with a lot of beauty on the inside .	Cardigans ' singer discusses Malmo , the group 's adopted hometown The band moved to the Southern Swedish city for a particular sound , she says Persson talks about the "  bigger freedom " that comes with her solo projects Inspired by love and relationships , she wants her music "  to make people cry "
CNN  -- LinkedIn employees seem to love their boss . Jeff Weiner has claimed the number one spot in Glassdoor 's latest survey of highest rated CEOs at large companies , getting a perfect 100 % approval score from his staff . The LinkedIn boss was followed by Ford Motor 's Alan Mulally and Edelman 's Richard Edelman , both with 97 % approval . Each year jobs and career website Glassdoor collects feedback from U.S.-based employees , in which they anonymously say what they think of the way their boss is leading their company . To be considered for the survey , chief executives at U.S.-headquartered large companies had to receive at least 100 approved reviews , according to Glassdoor . Click through the gallery above to see 2014 's top 10 CEOs . READ THIS : The wit and wisdom of Bill Gates INTERACTIVE : Career tips from business leaders This story was amended to reflect a data error in Glassdoor 's initial list which did not include John E. Schlifske . You can read more about Glassdoor 's reason for this error here .	Glassdoor has released its latest list with CEO approval ratings LinkedIn boss Jeff Weiner has been named the highest-rated boss
Copenhagen , Denmark  CNN  -- Imagine being a CEO of ideas , heading up a process in which you generate , process and test out new ideas -- for a living . Welcome to a day in the life of Pernille Aalund , CEO of Innovations at one of the biggest media houses in Scandinavia , Aller Media A/S . Her mandate is to generate 250 new ideas annually , out of which 50 have to settle into a new activity -- and income stream -- for the company . It sounds ambitious , because it is . "  It takes a real shift in a company 's traditional way of thinking , to open itself to an innovations department . It has to move out of the usual way of working in silos , and be able to work all the way across . " Aalund is likely the right person for the job . She is not your usual business leader , and there is no doubt this 50-year-old high school graduate , is doing things her own way . "  I know where I am going , that 's about it , " says Aalund , who does n't like to operate by rules , and runs her business by what she calls the cigar box principle . "  I am quite practical and simple in my approach . If I take out one krone , I know I need to put back two . " Do n't let her simple approach fool you . Making it to the top of a media conglomerate takes something more , which she says comes in part from her wide background of experience . A single mother with virtually no education , Aalund worked as a record sorter , radio host , casting assistant , advertising representative , TV producer , and much more -- before founding her own production company , hosting her own TV show , launching her own magazine , and authoring several books . Read related : $ 800 million biotech business started in a garage Her corporate career took off when Aller Media hired her as chief editor of one of their magazines . Separately , they bought some of her business ventures , including the web portal she founded for women . After a successful stint as chief editor , Aalund was asked to run about 20 of Aller 's magazines , and last year they asked her to head up a new innovations department . "  I do have a very different approach to things , " she says . "  I work differently than they do , and I question everything . " She has had to learn a few things along the way . Among other things , her male colleagues taught her how to leave her emotions behind , when entering a decision-making process . "  As women we have a tendency to make things personal . We are more holistic , which can be a great strength but it can also be very limiting . As a leader you have to be able to say , this will hurt , but we need to get it over with . " Aalund says she has never really taken on anything she knew how to do . But , that she always knew how to align herself with the best . "  When I started a new magazine and a TV show , I had no idea how to do it . But I knew how to find the best people to help me . For leaders today , it is not enough just to know how to be the CEO of a bank . You have to be able to do so much more . And that is not possible for any one person . So , I hire only the best . People who know more than I do . " Read related : Why women will impact global economy as much as China That is what she has done in her ideas factory of sorts . They have more than a hundred ideas on the table since June , and she is confident they will hit their business and financial targets . Aalund says change is happening and so must we . "  Technology has outpaced tradition . Media habits are changing radically . So , we must think differently . And for us , it is really about putting old content into new bottles , " she says . The process works with her team generating ideas from inside and out , filtering them , exploring their potential , refining them , creating a business case for them , and moving forward with worthwhile ventures for the company . It sounds like a creative process , but to Aalund , it is more than that . "  Innovation is defined as new ways of thinking that generate growth . It is the idea that gets put into action . Anyone can be creative , but creativity does n't necessarily lead to growth , " she says . Read related : CNN Money 's 50 Most Powerful Women in Business For Aller Media , whose products encompass everything from magazines to television , radio and web-based media , it means taking current competencies and strengths , and lifting them onto new platforms and into new times . "  As a 140 year old company , we do not need to be thinking out of the box . We need to be thinking at the edge of the box , " she says . Perhaps not unlike herself , as she continues to move down new and innovative pathways . Alongside her job as head of innovations , this seemingly unstoppable entrepreneur has just launched a new online talk show , is writing books , and working on various TV shows . "  I think I have been blessed with a good mix of creativity , strategy , and a sense of business , " she says .	Pernille Aalund is CEO of Innovations at Aller Media A/S Her job is to generate 250 new ideas each year , of which 50 must be put into action A single mother with little education , she has held jobs including radio host and TV producer Attributes her success to a mix of "  creativity , strategy , and a sense of business "
CNN  -- A Soyuz spacecraft carrying two cosmonauts and an U.S. astronaut from the International Space Station landed successfully in Kazakhstan early Saturday morning , NASA said . The trio spent 176 days in space . Their return was delayed by a day after an undocking glitch , NASA said . They successfully undocked from the space station in a Russian Soyuz spacecraft at 10:02 p.m. ET on Friday after engineers used jumper cables to resolve the problem , NASA said . Cmdr. Alexander Skvortsov and flight engineers Mikhail Kornienko and Tracy Caldwell Dyson touched down in Kazakhstan at 11:23 a.m.  1:23 a.m. ET  , NASA said . NASA said their scheduled departure was delayed Thursday after the opening hooks and latches on a docking port would not release . To resolve the problem , flight engineer Fyodor Yurchikhin installed jumper cables to a failed sensor Friday , allowing the hooks to open . According to NASA , a Soyuz space capsule took the first crew to the orbiting laboratory in November 2000 . After the February 2003 Columbia accident , the Soyuz became the means of transportation for crew members going to or returning from the International Space Station . CNN 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	NEW : The trio -- two Russians and one American -- returned to Earth early Saturday A spacecraft has undocked after jumper cables helped fix a glitch NASA says the delay happened after hooks and latches on the docking port did not release
CNN  -- Dueling theories of how the universe was created got a split decision Friday night from the Texas Board of Education , which required examination of "  all sides of scientific evidence " in new science standards , but rejected language requiring teachers to teach the "  strengths and weaknesses " of scientific theories . A woman stands in front of a mural depicting the development from ape to computer user . The debate pitted proponents of Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution against supporters of religion-based theories of intelligent design , or creationism . "  Science loses . Texas loses , and the kids lose because of this , " board chairman Don McLeroy , a creationist , told the Dallas Morning News . A final 13-2 vote approved language that will be printed in textbooks beginning in 2011 and remain there for 10 years , CNN affiliate KPRC-TV in Houston reported : "  In all fields of science , analyze , evaluate , and critique scientific explanations by using empirical evidence , logical reasoning , and experimental observation and testing , including examining all sides of scientific evidence of those explanations so as to encourage critical thinking by the students . " Earlier , the board rejected two sections written by McLeroy on identical 8-7 votes , the Dallas Morning News said . One section required teachers to "  analyze , review , and critique scientific explanations , including hypotheses and theories , as to their strengths and weaknesses using scientific evidence and information , " and the other required high school students to study the "  sufficiency or insufficiency " of key principles of evolution . Opponents were pleased with the board 's action on McLeroy 's sections , but unsatisfied with the final result . "  The phrase has been an open door to religious indoctrination in public schools , " Mark Finkelstein , a lawyer with the Anti-Defamation League , told KPRC , referring to the "  strengths and weaknesses " phrase in the material voted down . "  This document still has plenty of potential footholds for creationist attacks on evolution to make their way into Texas classrooms , " Kathy Miller , president of the Texas Freedom Network , told the Dallas Morning News . She predicted battles over textbooks in the coming years , a prediction McLeroy bolstered . Publishers , he said , will "  have to get their textbooks approved by us in a few years . " The size of the textbook market in Texas gives it influence nationwide , as publishers adapt their material to its standards . Darwin 's theory of evolution proposes that humans evolved over millions of years from animal species -- including , most famously , early primates that also are the ancestors of modern-day apes . Such thinking , which challenged religious accounts of a deity creating humans , was considered radical , even blasphemous , when Darwin published it in 1859 . Central to Darwin 's thesis was his scientific explanation of life 's diversity : that natural selection is enough to explain the evolution of all species . The scientific community has overwhelmingly scorned creationism and its latest incarnation , intelligent design , as a pretext for biblical explanations of how the world came to be , and asserts that there is no weakness or doubt in the scientific community about evolution . Last year , the National Academy of Sciences called for the public to be better informed about the importance of understanding and teaching evolution . The academy released a booklet titled "  Science , Evolution , and Creationism " -- the third explanation of evolution put out since 1984 by one of the nation 's leading scientific organizations . However , those who take issue with evolution believe it should be treated with healthy skepticism and argue that having high school students question a scientific theory overwhelmingly accepted by scientists teaches them critical thinking . "  This debate will impact whether students are taught to think critically and scientifically when you learn about evolution . It 's important for students to learn how to think like scientists and not be forced to treat these controversial topics like a dogma , " Casey Luskin , a policy analyst with the Discovery Institute , a group that questions the theory of evolution , said in an article in the San Antonio Express-News . Proponents of evolution say the dogma is on the other side , with the Discovery Institute and others purposely distorting and ignoring scientific evidence to reach their desired conclusion . For decades , the teaching of evolution in public schools has been a flash point in some states , with proponents of ideas such as creationism and intelligent design trying to gain a place in science classes . The issue has been before school officials , legislators and courts in Alabama , Kansas , Kentucky , Ohio , Florida , Georgia , Louisiana and Virginia . The controversy over the teaching of intelligent design came to a head in Pennsylvania , where the Dover School Board voted that ninth-grade students must be read a statement encouraging them to read about intelligent design . A federal judge said the board violated the Constitution in doing so because intelligent design is religious creationism in disguise and injecting it into the curriculum violates the constitutional separation of church and state . "  Academic freedom " bills have emerged but failed in various state legislatures , the National Center for Science Education said . An "  academic freedom " act has been adopted as law in Louisiana , and there is legislation in Florida calling for an "  academic freedom " bill that would mandate a "  thorough presentation and critical analysis of the scientific theory of evolution . " The center says such bills are strategies by creationists to appeal to the American sense of balance , and give the false sense that there are different sides to scientific issues such as evolution . "  Two plus 2 is not 5 , " said the group 's spokesman , Robert Luhn .	Texas Board of Education votes on science curriculum amendments Board votes to require examination of "  all sides of scientific evidence " Board votes down requirement to present "  strengths and weaknesses " of theories
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The death toll has risen to 33 in Friday 's twin blasts in Karachi , authorities said Saturday . One blast targeted a bus filled with Shiite religious observers , killing scores . Another explosion in front of a hospital where attack victims were being treated , a government official said . Along with the the deaths from both blasts , more than 160 people were injured , the government official said . Motorcycles were used in both assaults , police said , and they came during the Shiite observance of Arbaeen , which takes place 40 days after the anniversary of Iman Hussein 's death , also known as Ashura . Along with the fatalities , 69 people were injured in the first blast , said Dr. Saghir Ahmed , Sindh provincial health minister . The second blast happened in front of the emergency room at Jinnah Hospital , where doctors treated people from the first attack and others on stretchers were waiting to be taken to the crowded facility . Along with the 13 killed , 92 were injured . The last deadly blast in Karachi was in late December during Ashura , when more than 40 people were killed . -- CNN 's Nasir Habib contributed to this report	The first explosion targeted Shiite religious observers on a bus The second attack occurred outside a hospital treating victims of the first blast Motorcycles were used in both attacks , say officials A blast in Karachi in late December , during Ashura , killed more than 40 people
CNN  -- A Libyan minister was shot dead in the first assassination of a transitional government official since dictator Moammar Gadhafi was ousted from power nearly three years ago . Gunmen driving a car opened fire on Deputy Industry Minister Hassan al-Darouei , killing him instantly while he was visiting his hometown of Sirte , a Libyan defense ministry official said . The unknown men fired on the minister near a market on Saturday evening in the Mediterranean city some 450 kilometers  280 miles  east of the coastal capital Tripoli . His body has since been moved to a morgue , the defense official said on condition of anonymity because he was not allowed to speak to the media . State news agency LANA said al-Darouei was shot several times . Nearly three years after the start of the popular uprising that ended Gadhafi 's 42-year rule , Libya is still plagued by violence and targeted killings as a myriad of armed groups often do as they please . Country awash with weapons With plentiful weapons left over from the 2011 war , militias , former rebel fighters and militants often resort to force to impose their demands on the weak central authorities . Prime Minister Ali Zeidan 's government , weakened by political infighting and fragile state security forces , is struggling to impose law and order . For nearly six months , the North African country has seen crude oil production and exports slump due to protests and blockades of oil fields and ports , hurting state coffers . In the eastern city of Benghazi , cradle of the 2011 uprising , there has been a string of killings targeting security officials . Sirte was the last bastion Gadhafi 's fight to hold onto power after the capital fell to rebel fighters . He was found hiding in a drain pipe and was killed on October 20 , 2011 . Al-Darouei was a member of the National Transitional Council , the political wing of the 2011 rebellion against Gadhafi 's rule . He held the office deputy minister for industry since the transitional government was set up . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Deputy industry minister shot several times , state media reports Killing is the first assassination of government minister since Gadhafi ouster in 2011 He was shot dead by gunmen near a market in the port city , defense official says Sirte was the hometown of longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi
CNN  -- Punxsutawney Phil , America 's most famous rodent prognosticator , saw his shadow Tuesday , signaling six more weeks of winter . Phil emerged from his ceremonial tree stump at Gobbler 's Knob , Pennsylvania , to a cheering crowd that had waited in the cold for his annual prediction . It is the 99th time that Phil -- in his various incarnations -- has seen his shadow , according to groundhog.org , the official Web site of the groundhog club in Punxsutawney , about 75 miles northeast of Pittsburgh , in western Pennsylvania . Not seeing a shadow -- something that has happened just 15 times in Phil 's history , according to the club -- would have meant spring is around the corner . Phil 's predictions do n't mean much to human weather predictors , however . CNN meteorologist Chad Meyers , citing stormfax.com , said Phil is correct 39 percent of the time . The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration goes even further , saying Phil has "  no predictive skill . " The tradition behind the famous groundhog goes back to medieval times when there was a superstition that all hibernating animals emerged from their caves and dens to check the weather on Candlemas , which is halfway between the winter solstice in December and the vernal equinox in March . Seeing their shadows would mean winter would go on for another six weeks , and they could go back to sleep , according to the tradition . The tradition came to America with the early German settlers who arrived in Pennsylvania .	Punxsutawney Phil comes out of hole , sees his shadow Prognosticating groundhog signals six more weeks of winter Phil is correct 39 percent of the time , CNN meteorologist says But National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says Phil has "  no predictive skill "
CNN  Pat yourselves on the back , readers ! The pangolin is now a little safer because of you . Last year , after I wrote about the illegal trade in these artichoke-shaped , scale-covered mammals , CNN Digital readers donated more than $ 20,000 toward the shooting and production of an anti-pangolin-poaching public service announcement  say that three times fast ...  and media campaign . The PSA is now airing in Vietnam , which is a hub of the illegal trade . Hosted by a Vietnamese newscaster , the advertisement is expected to be seen on 60 national and provincial television channels in the country , and is airing on at least 20 stations as of this week , according to Education for Nature Vietnam , a environmental non-profit that commissioned the PSA . "  Our native species , the pangolin , is being threatened by hunters and traders who defy the law to profit from nature , regardless of the cost to Vietnam 's environment , " the newscaster , Hoai Anh , who was described to me as "  the female Anderson Cooper of Vietnam , " says in the clip . She continues : "  If you buy pangolin scales or eat pangolin meat in restaurants , you are directly supporting these criminal networks . " The PSA ends with a call to action , asking viewers to call a hotline to report illegal wildlife crime . Pangolin scales are used in traditional medicine and were openly available in markets when I visited Vietnam in February 2014 . Pangolin meat , a delicacy , was easy to spot on restaurant menus in Hanoi . In an effort to curb demand , Education for Nature Vietnam also has posted banners in markets telling people that buying and selling pangolin scales is illegal and that the scales are "  not a magic medicine , " said Doug Hendrie , the group 's chief technical adviser . "  We 've always focused on tigers rhinos and bears , and , now , organizationally we 're really prioritizing pangolins , which is great , " said Hendrie . Radio spots are in the works , as well . All of this was funded by the CNN reader donations , he said . The pangolin -- a scale-covered mammal that resembles an armadillo and rolls up into a ball when it 's threatened -- is thought by conservationists to be the most trafficked mammal in the world . I reported on this little-known creature last year after CNN Digital readers voted for me to cover illegal wildlife trafficking as part of my Change the List project . The pangolin 's celebrity has been increasing , as of late . Rovio , the maker of Angry Birds , featured them in a mobile game . And Prince William helped raise awareness about their plight in a November YouTube video . "  The humble pangolin , a scaly anteater , is one of the most endangered animals because of poaching , " the prince said . "  The pangolin runs the risk of going extinct before most people have even heard of him . " Enforcement efforts also give cause for hope . This month , police in Zimbabwe arrested five pangolin poachers , according to WildAid . And in June , two tons of pangolin scales were seized in Hong Kong , according to that non-profit group . If the pangolin is saved , it will be in part thanks to those efforts -- and yours . For that I 'm incredibly , genuinely , awesomely thankful . So here 's another heartfelt thanks to those of you who contributed to Education for Nature Vietnam 's anti-poaching PSA -- and who took time to read and care about this bizarre-but-important little animal . I hope this public service announcement opens minds , and that similar work is soon be taken up in China , which is researchers say is another large market for pangolin products .	John Sutter : Anti-poaching PSA airs in Vietnam because of CNN readers Readers donated more than $ 20,000 for pangolin conservation
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VICE  -- Two men stand in the yard of a Nepalese jail , facing the camera . One looks straight into the lens while the other looks away . They are on trial for poaching and could be sharing a cell for the next 20 years if convicted . Patrick Brown takes their picture . Brown and Ben Davies have been documenting the illegal trade of endangered animals in Asia for more than ten years , covering its dealers , stockpiles , trafficking routes and markets . They knows that poachers are but a small part of a much bigger contraband industry that is centuries old . "  A poacher who kills a rhino and removes its horn in India gets $ 350 , " Brown explains . "  By the time it reaches Hong Kong , the horn is worth about $ 95,600 per killogram . " Money fuels illegal animal trade , as it does any other form of smuggling , but the demand and value of these animals is built upon false beliefs and superstition . Rhino horns have no medicinal purpose , but myths about their effect on health and potency have pushed their value to more than five times the price of gold in black markets . Animal trade thrives on novelty and on the belief that exotic animals exude certain powers . More and more people are becoming aware of the myths , but sellers are also adapting . As Patrick Brown explains , porous rhino horns are now often soaked in Viagra before they reach the market . See the rest of Picture Perfect : Patrick Brown at VICE.COM The exact size of that market is impossible to figure out , but experts estimate that its value is somewhere in the hundreds of millions of dollars . Legal global wildlife trade has doubled since the 1990s , and the evidence is nothing short of disheartening : more than 100 million sharks are killed each year , elephants have evolved to have shorter tusks because of poaching , and there are more Bengalese tigers in Texas than in the bay of Bengal . The trade pandemic is only made worse by the shortage of animal specialists at checkpoints . "  The problem seems insurmountable , " Patrick Brown said , "  but one way of curbing rampant killing is to educate future generations . " Brown does not think of himself as an animal activist , but rather talks about exposing a subculture of society and documenting the story of what happens to these animals . He hopes his work will raise public and political awareness about this issue and has said that his ultimate goal is to educate the developing world . Brown and Davies ' decade-long project will culminate with the publication of "  Trading to Extinction " later this year . The book was made possible by the crowd-funding site Emphas.is and will include an introduction by journalist Ben Davies .	Photographer Patrick Brown documents the illegal trade of endangered animals in Asia Money fuels the trade , but Brown says demand , value of the animals built on superstition Brown hopes his work will raise awareness about the issue and educate the world
CNN  -- You 've researched , planned and shot an excellent photographic story -- well , unfortunately your work is not done . You will need to edit your imagery into a cohesive body which best communicates the facts , the emotions and core storyline to your viewers . Processing and color-correcting your digital photos comes first . After that , writing captions to go along with your images will add the necessary context . These are some of the visual journalist 's toughest tasks . But , do n't fret ! Here are some key ideas to keep in mind as you start editing , digital post-processing and caption writing : Editing photos The skills required to edit your photographic story need to be as sharp as your picture taking . But emotional and physical experiences a photographer encounters while shooting can powerfully influence their edit , and even cloud their judgment . That 's why input from other professionals or just friends and family can be helpful . Getting fresh eyes on your photo essay and listening to feedback can really help hone your narrative . Making the first , general edit is relatively easy because it is often clear which images are worth keeping . The real challenge is making the tough decision to remove photographs that you love for the benefit of the story . Editing down to a set of images which reflect a coherent narrative can make those images all the more powerful . Try to cover the following elements in you photographic essay : Introduction  establishing shot  : This is usually a wide shot that shows your audience the setting of your story . Medium shot : This shot helps establish the who and what of your story . Close-up : Get closer to your subject and show the smaller details of your story . Portrait : If your story focuses on a person , make sure you get a portrait shot of them . Interaction : Action shots grab attention and show your subjects in the environment . Signature Shot : Pull out your key-element and decisive-moment shots . Sequence : How you organize your photos will make a big difference in how your story is perceived . Make sure you organize you photos that will tell the story . Rules can be bent and broken , but you need to understand them first . It 's helpful to arrange your photographs in a linear sequence : Introduce your viewers to the setting and characters . Move them through the story using interaction , a sequence and key elements . And finally , give the viewer some sense of an ending even if the story has yet to find resolution . Provide a final photograph that encourages the viewer to linger , to contemplate the information they 've consumed and either ask questions , guess the meaning or come to an understanding . Digital post-processing In a news story , what amount of digital post-processing is acceptable ? News imagery must adhere to strict journalistic standards . A good general rule is to only use basic techniques that were , in the days of analogue photography , applied in the darkroom . That means minor exposure compensation , burning , dodging , color correction , contrast enhancement and cropping . During post-production , you should always ask yourself , "  Am I altering the viewers understanding of the facts ? Does my post-production technique remove or destroy information ? " If you 're using Photoshop filters , heavy color treatments , drastically changing exposure or overly increasing contrast , the answer is yes . Caption writing A caption is an informative paragraph written by the photographer to accompany the image . Captions are essential to storytelling and communicate important facts . Unfortunately , caption writing is often the most underdeveloped skill of a visual journalist . When crafting a caption it 's important to be accurate , informative and complete . Give your audience the basic information -- the who , what , when , where and why of the situation depicted in your image . And write them in present tense whenever possible . Now it 's your turn Give Rond 's tips a try in this week 's boot camp challenge . And for tips visual storytelling , check out CNN photojournalists Mark Hill , David Holloway and John Nowak 's piece on capturing images .	CNN 's iReport boot camp challenges iReporters to improve their storytelling CNN 's Matthew Rond shares his advice on photo post-production Show us your editing skills by September 13
Washington  CNN  -- Radiation from airport body scanners penetrates organs beneath the skin but at low doses that meet national standards , according to a study by Marquette University 's Department of Biomedical Engineering . But the study 's author , professor Taly Gilat-Schmidt , said the research does not answer the biggest question on travelers ' minds : Are scanners safe ? She said more independent research is needed . The Marquette study subjected government and vendor data to sophisticated computer modeling to estimate the radiation doses travelers receive when they are scanned by backscatter machines , one of two types of imagers used to detect weapons at security checkpoints . The Transportation Security Administration has maintained that the machines are safe , exposing travelers to about the same radiation they receive by flying about two minutes at cruising altitude . A passenger would have to receive more than 17,000 screenings in a year -- about 47 screenings a day , 365 days a year -- to exceed government standards , the TSA says . The Marquette study says that the backscatter dose is "  comparable " to one minute of exposure to cosmic radiation and considerably lower than radiation levels of other X-ray procedures , such as a mammogram . But it balks at calling the exposures safe , saying cosmic and backscatter radiation are different and that both the risks and benefits of backscatter need to be quantified . Experts : Body scanning ` woefully inadequate ' abroad John Sedat , a University of California , San Francisco , professor of biochemistry and biophysics , is against the TSA 's use of backscatter technology . He criticized the Marquette report , saying it was based on TSA data instead of independent testing of machines . "  It 's a valid criticism , " responded Gilat-Schmidt . "  I think that 's valid , and we put that criticism  in the paper  . But that 's how research is . It 's not the whole enchilada . It 's one step ; not the whole step . " "  I think it 's very important to have independent studies , " she said . Gilat-Schmidt said that she goes through backscatter X-ray machines , but "  I do n't feel comfortable putting my kids through them . " "  That 's because in the medical imaging community , it 's always stressed that the  radiation  dosage should be as low as possible . And in this case , the lowest possible is not going through them . There 's an alternative technology out there , " she said . Two options are millimeter wave machines , which use radio waves , and physical pat-downs . The Marquette paper will be published in the June issue of Medical Physics , an international journal of medical physics research and practice , produced by the American Association of Physicists in Medicine . The research was conducted by Marquette student Michael Hoppe with Gilat-Schmidt 's assistance . A TSA spokesman said the agency was aware of the Marquette study but had not yet done a thorough analysis of it .	The Transportation Security Administration maintains the machines are safe The backscatter dose is "  comparable " to one minute of exposure to cosmic radiation A critic complains the study was based on TSA data instead of independent testing
CNN  -- A day after a jury deadlocked on whether Jodi Arias should be sentenced to death for the murder of her ex-boyfriend , the jury foreman described the decision process as tense and emotional . "  It was a gut-wrenching thing we had to go through , and everybody had to make their own decision , " William Zervakos told ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " The foreman said some of the most difficult testimony to hear came from the dead man 's relatives . "  Until you 're face to face with people that have gone through something like that , it 's something that you really ca n't put into words , " he said . "  I 'm 6 feet away from somebody talking about a horrendous loss , and if you ca n't feel that , then you have no emotion , no soul . And yet we could n't allow ourselves to be emotional on the stand . "  We could n't allow ourselves to show emotion , although I 'm sure some came through , and I 'm very , very proud of my peers and my jurors that were with us because they did a fantastic job of holding it together . " That stoicism in the face of emotional testimony disappeared in the jury room , he said . Zervakos said the 32-year-old defendant simply did not fit his image of a murderer . "  When you look at a young woman and you think of the crime , and then you see the brutality of the crime , it just does n't wash , " he said . "  It 's very difficult to divest yourself from the personal , from the emotional part of it . " Though the jury did not believe Arias ' story that she killed Travis Alexander in self-defense , Zervakos said he believed Alexander abused her . "  I 'm very sure , in my own mind , that she was mentally and verbally abused , " he said . "  Now , is that an excuse ? Of course not . Does it factor into decisions we make ? It has to . " Zervakos said Arias ' 18 days on the stand hurt her case . "  She was not a good witness , " he said . "  There were so many contradicting stories . " But he expressed sympathy for her ability to endure her time on the stand . "  I think the way the prosecutor was with her -- he 's known for an aggressive style -- I think it was very hard , I think it would be difficult for anybody . " A retrial for the penalty phase will begin on July 18 , Judge Sherry Stephens said . Jurors had deliberated since Tuesday on whether Arias should get a death sentence for the 2008 murder . A source with knowledge of the jury 's vote said there was an 8-4 split in favor of sentencing Arias to death . Jurors refused to talk to reporters and immediately left the courtroom . The hung jury brought to a close a chapter in the high-profile case , which has lasted for months . But the trial is n't over . In many states , the death penalty would be off the table if the jury could n't agree . Not Arizona . In a written statement , Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery said prosecutors "  will proceed with the intent to retry the penalty phase . " "  We appreciate the jury 's work in the guilt and aggravation phases of the trial , and now we will assess , based upon available information , what the next steps will be , " he said . Emotions ran high in the courtroom as the jury 's deadlock was announced . Arias appeared to be on the verge of tears . One of Alexander 's sisters sobbed . Even the voice of the normally stoic judge cracked as she dismissed jurors . "  Ladies and gentlemen , on behalf of the participants in this trial , I wish to thank you for your extraordinary service to this community , " she told them . "  This was not your typical trial . You were asked to perform very difficult responsibilities . " As the jury filed out of the courtroom , one juror said , "  I 'm sorry " to Alexander 's family . Jurors had deliberated for more than 13 hours in the penalty phase of the trial when they told the court they would n't be able to agree on a verdict . On May 8 , the same jurors decided in 15 hours that Arias was "  exceptionally cruel " when she stabbed Alexander 29 times , slit his neck from ear to ear and shot him in the face . They pronounced her guilty of first-degree murder . For Arias to be sentenced to death , a jury 's decision must be unanimous . If Arias is sentenced to death , she would be the fourth woman on death row in Arizona . On Tuesday , she pleaded with jurors to spare her . She called Alexander 's murder "  the worst mistake " she had ever made , "  the worst thing I 've ever done . " She could n't have imagined herself capable of such a grisly crime , Arias told the jury . "  But I know that I was , " she said . "  And for that I 'm going to be sorry for the rest of my life -- probably longer . " Arias was living in Yreka , California , when she met Alexander at a business convention in Las Vegas in September 2006 . That November , he baptized Arias into the Mormon faith , a ceremony Arias said was followed by anal sex . Arias became his girlfriend two months later , she testified . They broke up in the summer of 2007 , and Alexander began dating other women . In June 2008 , Alexander missed two appointments , prompting friends to go to his house . They found his naked body crammed in a stand-up shower . He had been stabbed 29 times in the back and torso and shot in the head . His throat was slit . After her arrest , Arias told an elaborate lie about masked intruders breaking into Alexander 's house and killing him before she narrowly escaped . Relatives who spoke with police described her as mentally unstable . The trial , which started in January , has been rife with talk of sex , lies and digital images -- among them graphic autopsy photos . CNN 's Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	"  It just does n't wash , " foreman tells ABC "  We could n't allow ourselves to be emotional , " William Zervakos says He says Travis Alexander abused Jodi Arias "  Is that an excuse ? Of course not , " he says
Sioux Falls , South Dakota  CNN  -- Josiah 's Coffee House and Caf is a must-go destination for melt-in-your-mouth fresh baked goods and a perfect cup of coffee . And the guy behind the counter is n't your average restaurateur . He was once one of the most elite Democratic political strategists around . "  It 's something I 've always dreamed of doing , " Steve Hildebrand told us as we sat on stools in his restaurant . After a quarter of a century in politics -- most recently as President Barack Obama 's 2008 deputy campaign manager - he washed his hands of it all . Like many voters this election year , he 's fed up with both parties . "  I 'm pretty angry at the way Congress is managing our country , " Hildebrand told us . "  Whether that 's my Democratic party or their Republican party , they 're not getting my help . I do n't want to help them , " he said emphatically . But his political expertise -- especially with the Obama campaign - helped make his business boom . "  I do n't pretend to know how to market a restaurant but I do know something about social media from all that we were doing in 2008 , so we built a lot of our reputation , we built a community on Facebook and Twitter and other social media outlets , " said Hildebrand , who added that the caf has 7,100 people on its Facebook page , and has done no paid advertising . Josiah 's has become a salon of sorts to talk about -- what else -- politics . A bipartisan group gathers every morning at 7:30 . It includes Dave Munson , a former Republican Sioux Falls mayor . "  We 've known each other for years , since we were kids , so we just come down here , get together and talk about things that interest us , " Munson said . Hildebrand says it 's a relief that prominent Republicans come in the door , since he spent so many years working aggressively to defeat their candidates . Another way political campaigns were good training for the restaurant business is the long hours . The cafe is open seven days a week and Hildebrand comes in at one in the morning on Tuesdays to do the baking . It 's a fresh start for a recovering political strategist , and a good thing for locals and visitors alike , because the food is objectively delicious . CNN 's Adam Levy contributed to this report .	Steve Hildebrand was Barack Obama 's deputy campaign manager in 2008 Hildebrand is now the owner of a restaurant in Sioux Falls , South Dakota Hildebrand : "  It 's something I 've always dreamed of doing "
CNN  -- President Barack Obama acknowledged Friday that the United States "  crossed a line " and tortured al Qaeda detainees after the 9/11 terror attacks . The comments at a White House news conference were the President 's strongest on the controversial subject since he came into office denouncing what he described as the Bush years of torturing alleged terrorists , also known as "  enhanced interrogation . " "  When we engaged in some of these enhanced interrogation techniques , techniques that I believe and I think any fair-minded person would believe were torture , we crossed a line , " Obama said . "  And that needs to be ... understood and accepted . And we have to , as a country , take responsibility for that so that hopefully we do n't do it again in the future . " In the remarks , Obama was referring to a soon-to-be-released Senate Intelligence Committee report detailing the CIA 's controversial interrogation and detention program following the 9/11 attacks . The document is a nearly 700 page summary of the full 6,800 page report that was approved a year and a half ago by a committee sharply divided along party lines . Senators on the committee have said the report is critical of the CIA 's treatment of terrorism suspects , saying it amounted to torture -- an allegation CIA officials have denied . It also finds that those harsh interrogation techniques did not help disrupt future terrorist attacks as many in intelligence community have claimed . Sen. Dianne Feinstein said later Friday that the report 's public release will be delayed because of "  significant redactions " by the CIA . "  We need additional time to understand the basis for these redactions and determine their justification , " the California Democrat said in a statement . "  Therefore , the report will be held until further notice and released when that process is completed . " The report was returned to the committee Friday . Its creation has been controversial , with the CIA director apologizing after admitting that the agency spied on computers used by Senate staffers who prepared it . A public version was expected to be released as early as next week . In January 2009 , President Obama issued an executive order disavowing torture and established a Special Task Force on Interrogation and Transfer Policies . Details of those findings have never been made public . "  After I took office , one of the first things I did was to ban some of the extraordinary interrogation techniques that are the subject of that report , " Obama said Friday . "  And my hope is that this report reminds us once again that , you know , the character of our country has to be measured in part not by what we do when things are easy , but what we do when things are hard . " In April 2009 , Obama reiterated his position that waterboarding amounted to torture and "  violates our ideals and our values . " "  That 's why I put an end to these practices , " he said at the time . "  I am absolutely convinced it was the right thing to do -- not because there might not have been information that was yielded by these various detainees who were subjected to this treatment , but because we could have gotten this information in other ways , in ways that were consistent with our values , in ways that were consistent with who we are . " Report raps doctors over roles in post-9 / 11 interrogations	Obama talks about interrogation techniques used after 9/11 "  I believe and I think any fair-minded person would believe  they  were torture " A Senate report to be released soon details the CIA 's program following the 9/11 attacks
Michael Brown 's mother says hearing that a grand jury had decided not to indict the officer who killed her son felt like getting shot . "  We heard this and it was just like , like I had been shot . Like you shoot me now -- just no respect , no sympathy , nothing , " Lesley McSpadden told CNN 's Sunny Hostin on Wednesday . "  This could be your child . This could be anybody 's child . " A New York Times video captured the moments after McSpadden heard about the decision not to indict Darren Wilson , the white officer who killed her son , Michael Brown , a black teen . She stood with protesters outside the Ferguson police department , sobbing uncontrollably . McSpadden 's husband , her son 's stepfather , wrapped her in his arms before turning to the crowd , screaming : "  Burn this bitch down . " "  He just spoke out of anger . It 's one thing to speak and it 's a different thing to act . He did not act . He just spoke out of anger , " McSpadden said about her husband , Louis Head . "  When you 're that hurt and the system has did you this wrong , you may say some things as well . We 've all spoke out of anger before , " she told CNN . Both McSpadden and Brown 's father , Michael Brown Sr. , sat down with Hostin . Neither believes Wilson 's version of events , saying their son would never have taunted the officer , nor reached for his weapon . They remembered their son as humble , silly and soft spoken . He could fix almost anything and loved animals , his siblings and being a grandson . "  He was different , but he still was like any other teenager -- wanted to explore different things , do different things , be around different people , " McSpadden said . "  He 's young . He 's growing up . He 's finding himself . " ` He 's a murderer ' Brown 's father did n't mince words when he spoke about Wilson : "  He 's a murderer . " "  He understood his actions . He understood exactly what he was doing . You know , he did n't have a second thought , a pushback thought , or nothing . He was intending to kill someone . That 's how I look at it , " Brown said . "  He was going to kill someone at that point . " Earlier , he 'd said the grand jury 's decision changed his view of America . "  I was upset . I did n't understand , " Brown said in a conversation with the Rev. Al Sharpton on Tuesday on MSNBC . "  It just let me know that where we live is not what we thought , or what I thought . It 's what people have been saying all the time , for a nice little minute : that this was a racist state . " Sharpton accused Prosecutor Robert McCulloch of trying to disparage Michael Brown Jr. . He asked Michael Brown Sr. how he felt about the prosecutor attacking "  the character of the victim . " "  They crucified his character , " Brown said . In a news conference Monday night announcing the grand jury 's decision , McCulloch extended his "  deepest sympathies " to the Brown family and referred to the "  tragic death . " He said the grand jury 's decision was based on evidence and facts , some of which contradicted people who said they witnessed Officer Darren Wilson shooting Michael Brown Jr. . McCulloch had long promised a fair and complete presentation . "  We will be presenting absolutely everything to this grand jury , " he told a radio program in August . "  Every statement that a witness made , every witness , every photograph , every piece of physical evidence . Absolutely nothing will be left out . " Transcript of prosecutor 's news conference Documents released by the prosecutor 's office show that witnesses gave differing accounts . Should a special prosecutor have been appointed ? Experts disagree over whether McCulloch should have stepped aside and let a special prosecutor handle the case . His father , a police officer , was killed on the job by an African-American man in 1964 , when McCulloch was 12 . HLN legal analyst Joey Jackson said Wednesday that while there can be discussions about the possibility of bias as a result of his father 's death , there is a more fundamental reason he should not have taken the case : the close relationship prosecutors often have with their local police . "  You rely upon the police every day " as a prosecutor , Jackson said on CNN 's "  New Day . " "  You give them your support , your resources . They give those resources back to you . " CNN legal analyst Paul Callan disagreed with the reasoning . A prosecutor should not be disqualified "  because he 's worked with the cops closely in the past . I would say , ` You know something ? He 's a guy with integrity , I 'll trust his investigation . ' " "  I think the grand jury reached the right result on the facts of this case , " Callan said . Still , "  you have to have public confidence in the result . " If the public did not have faith in McCulloch because of his father 's killing , then "  maybe because of the level of public distrust , we should have had a special prosecutor , " Callan said . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Michael Brown Sr. calls the officer who killed his son a "  murderer " "  He was intending to kill someone . That 's how I look at it , " he says Neither of Brown 's parents believes the officer 's version of events Legal analysts debate whether there should have been a special prosecutor
The government shutdown is "  extremely damaging " to U.S. intelligence operations , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said Wednesday . Clapper noted that he has worked in the intelligence field for 50 years , and "  never seen anything like this . " The shutdown "  seriously damages our ability to protect the safety and security of this nation , " he told a Senate panel . The law allows intelligence agencies to hold on to the employees needed to protect against "  imminent threat to life or property , " he noted . Following that guide , approximately 70 % of employees were furloughed , he said . "  We do not consider any of our employees ` non-essential , ' " and officials had to make "  very painful choices " about who would be furloughed , he added . The shutdown affects the ability of the intelligence community to support the military , diplomats , and policy makers , Clapper explained . "  Damage will accumulate over time , " and the danger "  will be insidious , " he warned . And with intelligence workers facing financial struggles , particularly after already suffering through furloughs due to sequestration , "  This is a dreamland for foreign intelligence services to recruit , " Clapper said . Intelligence services are setting up counseling to help employees handle financial issues , he said . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , took the opportunity to assail both Republicans and Democrats , including the president , over the situation . "  I think it 's irresponsible for all of us to let it continue , but where the hell is the commander-in-chief ? " he said . "  If you really told him that , that our nation is less safe and every day that goes by we 're being less capable of detecting potential terror attacks against the homeland , ... why are n't the members of the House and the Senate in the White House right now to try to solve this problem ? " "  For the president of the United States , for our House Democrats to not negotiate is not responsible . For our Republican Party not to try to find a way to end this mess is irresponsible , " he added . At around the same time , President Barack Obama invited congressional leaders to the White House later Wednesday to discuss reopening the government and raising the debt ceiling . The shutdown came after Congress did not pass a budget . The holdup : House Republicans insist on provisions to defund , derail or otherwise chip away at the Affordable Health Care Act , also known as Obamacare .	Sen. Lindsey Graham slams Republicans , Democrats , and Obama for shutdown Shutdown "  seriously damages " some intelligence efforts , Director of National Intelligence says The danger "  will be insidious , " DNI James Clapper warns The intelligence community has furloughed about 70 % of employees , he says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- New Haven , Connecticut , firefighter Frank Ricci , the lead plaintiff in perhaps the most controversial case involving Judge Sonia Sotomayor , said Thursday that Sotomayor 's rejection of his reverse discrimination claim had undermined the concept of a merit-based civil service system . New Haven firefighter Frank Ricci sued after the city threw out results of a 2003 firefighter promotion exam . Ricci was one of a group of 20 mostly white firefighters who sued the city of New Haven after it threw out the results of a 2003 firefighter promotion exam because almost no minorities qualified for promotions . The 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals , including Sotomayor , backed the city in the 2008 case Ricci v. DeStefano . The ruling of the Circuit Court was overturned in June by a 5-4 ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court . The "  belief that citizens should be reduced to racial statistics is flawed , " Ricci told the members of the Senate Judiciary Committee . "  It only divides people who do n't wish to be divided along racial lines . The very reason we have civil service rules is to root out politics , discrimination and nepotism . Our case demonstrates that these ills will exist if the rules of merit and the law are not followed . " Watch firefighters testify " Ricci also criticized Sotomayor 's 2nd Circuit for disposing of the case in an "  unsigned , unpublished summary order that consisted of a single paragraph . " Sotomayor was not present when Ricci spoke . She left the session after concluding her remarks earlier Thursday . Sotomayor argued before committee members Tuesday that her ruling in the Ricci case was decided on the basis of "  a very thorough , 78-page decision by the district court " and followed an established precedent . "  This was not a quota case or  an  affirmative action case , " she said . The case was a challenge to a firefighter test that had a wide range of difference between the pass and failure rate of different groups . The city of New Haven , she noted , was at risk of being sued by employees who could show they were "  disparately impacted " by the test . New Haven city officials , after a number of days of hearings , decided they would n't certify the test but would instead attempt to develop a test of equal value in measuring a candidate 's qualifications without having a disparate impact , she said . The question before the 2nd Circuit , Sotomayor said , was whether the city 's decision was based on race or its understanding of what the law required it to do . The Circuit Court ruled that it was based on the latter . Based on established legal precedent , the 2nd Circuit decided that the city 's decision was proper under established law . The Supreme Court , however , applied a new standard , she said , based on a different area of law . If she were ruling on that case today , she said , she would be bound by the new standards set by the Supreme Court . Ricci was one of several witnesses who testified both for and against Sotomayor . Linda Chavez , head of the conservative Center for Equal Opportunity , which opposes affirmative action , argued that "  it is clear " from Sotomayor 's record "  that she has drunk deep from the well of identity politics . " It is impossible for Sotomayor to be a fair judge when she has "  shown a willingness to let her policy preferences guide her , " Chavez said . Arkansas Attorney General Dustin McDaniel testified on Sotomayor 's behalf , arguing that her opinion in the Ricci case was , in fact , an example of judicial restraint . It followed a string of legal precedents dating back almost three decades , he said . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg also testified in favor of Sotomayor , telling committee members that she is an "  independent jurist " with a "  sharp and agile mind " who would bring "  a wealth of unique experience " to the high court .	Frank Ricci one of 20 firefighters who claimed reverse discrimination in promotions Plaintiff : Decision undermined concept of a merit-based civil service system Sotomayor : Ruling was based on "  a very thorough " decision by the district court New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , others spoke in favor of judge 's confirmation
CNN  -- Former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor 's new gig on Wall Street will line his pockets , to the tune of more than $ 1 million per year . And for those who played an instrumental role in his defeat in Virginia 's primaries , the justification of their concerns about the former congressman is quite fulfilling . Kevin Broughton , communications director of the Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund , said , "  many analysts accused Eric Cantor of paying more attention to Wall Street than to the people of Virginia 's 7th District . He certainly did n't waste any time validating that theory . " Cantor , who was the No. 2 Republican in the House , lost his primary this year to unknown college professor David Brat . Part of the reason was voters thought he was disconnected from his Richmond , Virginia , district by focusing instead on his duties as a fundraiser and national leader for the Republican Party . He left Congress early , resigning his seat last month . Since 1999 , the seven-term congressman had raised more than $ 3 million from the investment industry . And in his last campaign , the industry was his largest contributor , donating $ 785,000 , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . For disaffected conservatives , especially among the tea party , which came to life early in the Obama administration and took on a populist message , Cantor 's move to a boutique investment bank , Moelis & Co. , as a vice chairman and board member is proof that their concerns were spot on . In a statement , Cantor said , "  When I considered options for the next chapter of my career , I knew I wanted to join a firm with a great entrepreneurial spirit that focused on its clients . " Some took to Twitter to express their satisfaction : . CNNMoney 's Charles Riley contributed to this report .	The ex-House majority leader will join Moelis & Co. , making more than $ 1 million per year Tea party groups that helped to defeat him say his move justifies their concerns Cantor raised more than $ 3 million from investment banks throughout his career
Beijing , China  CNN  -- In some of the photos , the young children are wearing bibs and slight smiles can be seen on their chubby faces . But these are not your normal baby pictures . The Chinese government is trying to find the parents of these 60 homeless children , some of them so young that they had not yet developed the strength to hold their own heads up . This week the Chinese Ministry of Public Security posted pictures of these rescued children on its Web site . Many of them had similar stories . They were kidnapped , stolen or sold and somehow had been rescued by authorities . Police tried to find their parents but could not find them through the national DNA database , state-run China Daily reported . And for the first time , the Ministry of Public Security posted their pictures . "  Even if I ca n't find my boy 's photo on the Web site today , it 's a blessing for desperate parents like us who have nearly lost hope , " Tang Weihua , a mother who lost her 5-year-old son in 1999 , told China Daily this week . About 30,000 to 60,000 children are reported missing every year , but it is hard to estimate how many are involved in child trafficking cases , the Ministry of Public Security told China Daily . Police have rescued 2,000 children this year since China launch a nationwide anti-trafficking campaign , China Daily reported . But after rescuing the children finding the parents can prove difficult . One issue is that in some cases the parents sold the children . Earlier this week China 's state media reported that police arrested dozens in an alleged child trafficking ring that sold at least 52 babies . The traffickers bought 19 boys and 33 girls from impoverished rural families in Shanxi and Hebei provinces in the past two years , the state-run Xinhua news agency said . The ring started crumbling after three men were arrested with a baby boy in their van , Xinhua said . The three suspects said they had bought the baby from a woman and her daughter in Hebei , according to Xinhua . The women had sold 12 other babies to the men , and were arrested , Xinhua said .	China posts photos of kidnapped , stolen or sold 60 children who were rescued by authorities Police could not find their parents through the national DNA database 2,000 children have been rescued so far this year since China launch a nationwide anti-trafficking campaign Earlier this week , police arrested dozens in an alleged child trafficking ring
The featureless plains of Kazakhstan belie what riches lie buried beneath them . The country has an abundance of natural gas and oil that if developed could more than double the country 's crude output in the next decade to 4 million barrels per day , according to the International Energy Agency . That would make it one of the top 7 oil producers in the world . Add a boom in uranium mining to the country 's raw materials portfolio and government figures reveal that 70 % of its economy comes from its natural resources . Kazakhstan 's mineral wealth will be a major source of income for decades to come , but it wo n't last forever . The country is trying to use it wisely to transition to a broader economic base while developing the natural resources industries to the maximum . Last year Kazakhstan was the world 's top producer of uranium , accounting for over a third of global production . The industry 's rapid expansion , plus the good quality of the uranium and the comparatively cheap method of mining it have combined to give Kazakhstan an advantage over other big exporters like Australia and Canada . With continued investment , Vladimir Shkolnik , the head of Kazakhstan 's national atomic energy company , Kazatomprom , is keen to maintain that position . "  We are hoping to keep our leadership position in the uranium field , " he says . "  We have dozens of facilities and hundreds of mines and we think we will remain a world leader in the uranium sector . " Kazakhstan 's government is also trying to encourage more foreign investment . Since independence in 1991 , around $ 150 billion of foreign investment has flowed into the country ; $ 18 billion dollars last year alone , according to the government . Companies like GE and Eurocopter have been attracted to the country , entering partnerships with national companies that have helped bring training and new skills to the local workforce . While money is flowing from the country 's natural resources industry , the government is using some of its revenue to boost other sectors , like IT and engineering . The aim is to make the economy more resilient when commodities prices fall and better prepared for the day when the gush of oil and gas reduce to a trickle . "  Of course revenues from raw materials are still by far the largest share of the country 's budget , " says energy analyst , Murat Karymsakov . "  But in recent years the president  of Kazakhstan  has announced and put into place a plan for industrial and technological development to diversify the economy . " A program that pays for the best and brightest of Kazakhstan 's young citizens to study aboard , as long as they return to the country upon graduation , is also helping to create a more knowledgeable , young workforce . Nurzhan Nazarbayev studied in the U.S. but now works at a new hydrocarbon purification plant in western Kazakhstan . He says he feels it is important to play an active role in contributing to the country 's development . "  I am proud to work in this sector ; to be a benefit to the nation , " he says . "  With my background , ten years ago I went to a western university to get education and now I am back in my country , to serve my country . "	Oil , gas and uranium account for 70 % of Kazakhstan 's economy Government is developing natural resources industries Revenue from natural resources used to encourage growth of other industries Scheme to pay for citizen 's education abroad also used to develop skills and knowledge economy
CNN  -- As "  True Blood " has developed over the past five seasons , the series has expanded from the story of the people -- and vampires -- living in the small town of Bon Temps , Louisiana , to a sprawling , multinarrative saga about how supernatural beings can exist in the modern world . Season six premieres on June 16 with the show 's first episodes since the departure of creator and showrunner Alan Ball . New showrunner Brian Buckner will immediately bring fans back into the action from season five 's tumultuous finale and , eventually , back to where the series all began . "  There 's a real energy and excitement , and I think that came this year from the top down , " said Joe Manganiello , who stars as werewolf Alcide . "  The show got really big in its scope during seasons three , four and five , and it became more about the world and these creatures with so many plot lines . In season six , there 's a concerted effort to make this show return to what made it great in season one and two . It was about these people who lived in a town . It was about the town versus the rest of the world . I think  the show  really returns to that at the end of this season . The way that it 's pulled is really smart , and I think it 's going to be really fun for the audience . " When last season came to a close , the governing Vampire Authority was under attack , the TruBlood factories had been destroyed , and vampire Bill Compton  Stephen Moyer  had transformed into all-powerful god figure by drinking the blood of Lilith . Meanwhile , Alcide had become the werewolves ' packmaster , and Sookie Stackhouse  Anna Paquin  was being pursued by an ancient and mysterious vampire named Warlow . The season 's premiere episode , "  Who Are You , Really ? " quickly draws the action forward to reveal just how much is at stake for the vampires , the humans and everyone in between . "  The tone is pretty dark this season , " said Rutina Wesley , whose character , Tara , became a vampire last season and left viewers with a glimpse of a possible relationship between her and her maker , Pam  Kristin Bauer van Straten  , in the finale . "  I think the ads that they 're putting out right now say it best : No one is safe this season . There 's definitely a war going on . The vampires have to fight that war ,  and  the humans have to fight that war -- so it 's like survival of the fittest . " Various new characters emerge in the picture as it becomes clear that a conflict is brewing against the vampires -- and possibly the werewolves and shape-shifters as well . Louisiana Gov. Truman Burrell , played by new cast member Arliss Howard , leads the crusade against the supernatural while Nicole , played by Jurnee Smollett-Bell , appears as a pro-vampire activist . Meanwhile , Sookie 's faerie grandfather Niall  Rutger Hauer  materializes to help his granddaughter seek out Warlow . "  We always have these amazing new characters played by unbelievable actors , " van Straten said . "  We have guest stars like Rutger Hauer . That , for us , is really lovely . I just remember being in scenes with Denis O'Hare  in past seasons  and thinking , ` This must be what it 's like to play tennis with  Roger  Federer . ' You just rise to the occasion . You just want to bring your best game when you 're with someone like Rutger Hauer . " "  How Warlow is going to be introduced is rather amazing , " Wesley added . "  You 're not gon na see it coming , I think . It takes a minute to figure out who Warlow is , because he is introduced , but he 's not introduced as Warlow . The guy who 's playing him is an amazing actor , so it 's going to be really nice . " On the relationship front , Sookie has seemingly exhausted her obsession with vampires Bill and Eric Northman  Alexander Skarsg  rd  and will meet a new love interest played by Rob Kazinsky , who may also be supernatural . Alcide , who Manganiello says is learning that the benefits of being packmaster include his choice of women , may not totally be out of the picture , though . "  It was about to go down , and she threw up on his shoes , so I think there 's a lot left on the table still , " Manganiello said of Sookie 's relationship with his character . "  They have n't even gone there yet , come on ! I think the door is definitely still open . " For van Straten , the possibility of a romance between Pam and Tara is compelling , mostly because the two characters have hated each other over the course of the past few seasons . Although the actress wo n't confirm whether the two vampires will end up in a relationship , van Straten is interested in how these two characters interact on the show . "  What 's fascinating to me is that after six years , it starts to seem normal and make sense , " van Straten said . "  They 're both very strong women who have been through some very hard times , and they 're not victims , they 're survivors . So we have this interesting chemistry . I just started wondering as the season was being filmed last year when it would happen . " But the biggest mystery awaiting fans of the series this season is the question "  Who will die ? " Rumors that season six will feature the death of a major character have flown for months , leading to extensive online speculation and a looming sense of dread . According to the actors , there is truth to the rumors . "  That 's true , " Manganiello confirmed . "  But I 'm not going to say who . I can say that that 's true , but that 's about it . " On a less morbid note , the show is still replete with nudity and sex scenes , some involving several characters . Manganiello , who regularly bares all for the series and appeared as a stripper in last year 's "  Magic Mike , " just sees it as part of job after several seasons . "  I 'm as naked as I ever am  this season  , " Manganiello admitted . "  There 's always all these questions before your first nude scene , but even my first nude scene on ` True Blood ' was n't my first nude scene ever . I did a play during college in an off-Broadway theater where I was full-frontal , and I did another show in college where I emerged onstage naked as well , so I think once you get over it in front of a crowd of live , paying customers or your classmates , it 's like , whatever . It 's not that big of a deal . I think it 's probably a lot of the motivation behind why I work out so hard . It 's at least a part of it ! "	"  True Blood " returns for its sixth season on June 16 The new episodes will be the first since the departure of show creator Alan Ball Cast members confirm someone will die this season but wo n't reveal who
CNN  -- Iran 's foreign minister says he backs Syria 's president but that the embattled Bashar al-Assad must pay heed to his citizenry 's demands amid the country 's instability , an Iranian news outlet reported on Saturday . Semi-official Iranian Students News Agency quoted Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi as saying that Syria should be more cautious and patient in its dealings with the citizenry . Iran has been a top ally of Syria . The foreign minister warned of the consequences of a power vacuum amid the five-month-long protests in the Arab country . Syria 's regime has come under criticism and pressure for its harsh crackdown on demonstrators and world powers have called for al-Assad to step down . As a result of the tumult , Iran is concerned about the effects of the instability on the region and exploitation of the unrest by other countries . "  We take one single position on Middle East and North African countries ' popular developments . We believe developments in regional countries came following discontent of their nations , " Salehi told ISNA . "  Regional governments should be vigilant about foreigners ' meddling in their internal affairs . Current interference of foreigners in internal affairs of some regional countries , particularly in Syria , is clear-cut to everyone . " Salehi insisted that al-Assad should be supported and that "  changing the regime in Syria is unconventional and is followed by an evil purpose . " Meanwhile at least one person was killed in the suburban Damascus town of Saqba after protests broke out on Saturday , said Rami Abdul Rahman , the head of Human Rights Observatory in Syria , an activist group . Abdul Rahman said scores of people were arrested in raids Saturday night as protesters tried to get to Damascus . He said snipers have been deployed on the rooftops and security forces have a heavy presence on streets . Reports of state-run news agency reporters on Saturday denied there were demonstrations in Damascus-area regions , despite news reports from Arabic-language networks . The Syrian Arab News Agency report said Al-Jazeera and Al Arabiya once again proved "  to be part of the conspiracy plotted against Syria through their psychological and media war strategies . "	Iran 's foreign minister warns of a power vacuum The Syrian uprising is nearly half a year old One person killed in Damascus suburb , an activist says
CNN  -- Rifts within the Anglican Communion could widen after the archbishop of Canterbury , who has condemned the consecration of openly gay bishops , urged a diminished role Friday for the Episcopal Church . Earlier this month , a Los Angeles , California , diocese ordained the Rev. Mary Glasspool , the first openly gay bishop ordained in the church since 2004 , when Gene Robinson took his post in New Hampshire . The U.S. church has been criticized by conservative factions for openly gay ordinations . Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams , the nominal head of Anglican Communion , shared his concern when Glasspool was consecrated , saying then that the move would further divide the 77 million-member worldwide denomination that includes the Episcopal Church in the United States . On Friday , he made an even stronger statement in a letter to the communion . "  Our Anglican fellowship continues to experience painful division , and the events of recent months have not brought us nearer to full reconciliation , " Williams wrote . "  There are still things being done that the representative bodies of the Communion have repeatedly pleaded should not be done ; and this leads to recrimination , confusion and bitterness all round . "  It is clear that the official bodies of The Episcopal Church have felt in conscience that they can not go along with what has been asked of them by others , and the consecration of Canon Mary Glasspool on May 15 has been a clear sign of this . " Williams does not have the power to issue edicts like the pope , but he issued a five-page statement suggesting that provinces  such as the Episcopal Church  or national and regional churches that have broken agreed-upon "  promises " should step down from participating in interfaith dialogues . He said they should also relinquish decision-making powers in a committee that deals with questions of doctrine and authority . Following Robinson 's consecration , the communion leadership laid out three promises , or moratoria , according to the archbishop of Canterbury website : -- No authorization of blessings services for same-sex unions . -- No consecrations of bishops living in same-sex relationships . -- No cross-border interventions  no bishop authorizing any ministry within the diocese of another bishop without explicit permission  . Glasspool has been in an open same-sex relationship for 19 years , a violation of the moratoria . Robinson also was in a same-sex relationship at the time of his consecration . Conservative Anglicans have long called for Williams to punish the Episcopal Church by not inviting the church to the Lambeth Conference , a global meeting of Anglican leaders held every decade . Williams did not go far enough in his rebuke , a spokesman for a conservative Anglican group said Friday . Robert Lundy of the American Anglican Council said the Episcopal Church should n't be involved in any decision-making bodies within the Anglican Communion so long as it continues to ordain openly gay bishops and violate biblical teachings . Williams ' statement only keeps the Episcopal Church off of certain committees within the communion , Lundy said . "  He -LSB- Williams -RSB- knows he has to do something because he 's under pressure from all sides , " he said . "  But unfortunately , the step he 's taken in our view is not strong enough . " Bishop Ian Douglas of the Episcopal Diocese of Connecticut called Williams ' statement "  significant " but "  not as punitive as it might have been . " He said it was an affirmation of the three moratoria , and he made clear that other churches , not just the U.S. Episcopal Church , will be affected for having broken promises as well . "  Many churches across the Anglican Communion because of conscience or their belief in what the holy spirit is up to in their local context have lived beyond the moratoria , " Douglas said . "  While the moratoria are still before us , such actions do have some ramifications . ... If anything , I question the efficacy of the moratoria . " He added , "  It 's another expression of how we 're trying to live with our differences with integrity and not alienate one another . I 'm still convinced there 's so much more that unites us . "	The Episcopal Church in Los Angeles recently consecrated an openly gay bishop The archbishop of Canterbury warned that divisions in the church would widen He urged a diminished role for the Episcopal Church for violating "  promises " Conservatives say he did n't go far enough
CNN  -- How do you know if your YouTube video is funny ? Google says you can start by counting the "  LOLs . " Always fond of an ambitious algorithm , Google , which owns the Web 's top video-sharing site , has set out to try to determine scientifically which videos are the funniest , and what makes them so . There 's a certain irony to the degree of wonkish jargon needed to explain the things that make us laugh in a blog post from Sanketh Shetty , a Google researcher and member of the Web giant 's amusingly titled "  Slam Team . " He said identifying , and ranking , comedy is harder than a previous Google music project . "  We noticed a few audiovisual patterns across comedy videos on YouTube , such as shaky camera motion or audible laughter , which we can automatically detect , " Shetty wrote on the Google Research Blog . "  While content-based features worked well for music , identifying humor based on just such features is Al-Complete . Humor preference is subjective , perhaps even more so than musical taste . " And , in a way , that 's the thing with humor , is n't it ? Who can say , for example , whether the Honey Badger is funnier than a guy on a buffalo ? What 's worth a bigger laugh -- snooty British actors reciting lines from "  Jersey Shore , " or the Dramatic Chipmunk ? So how does the rating process work ? First , Google 's speech-recognition technology lets it scan videos for cues such as laughter . Also factored in are key words the uploader uses in the video 's description  "  funny , " "  hilarious , " etc.  and language viewers use in that video 's comments section . So if people type "  Ha ! Ha ! Ha ! "  or cultural equivalents such as "  jajaja " or "  kekeke "  , that earns a point in the video 's favor . Same for webspeak such as "  LOL " or "  LMAO . " Then the algorithm kicks in . It awards extra credit when people put extra emphasis in their responses . So , an "  LOLOL " is worth more than an "  LOL , " and the more exclamation points , the better . Hah !!!!! Google 's coders taught the algorithm how to use that information to rank the site 's videos . Or , in Shetty 's delightful jargon : "  We then trained a passive-aggressive ranking algorithm using human-annotated pairwise ground truth and a combination of text and audiovisual features . " Got it ? The final step is where you come in . Top-ranked videos have made it into what Google is calling its "  Comedy Slam . " Users see two videos side by side and vote on which they think is funnier . So far , 75,000 people have cast 700,000 votes , Shetty said . He did n't mention when results might be announced . When the "  slam " is done , maybe we 'll finally know -- which is funnier , the Double Rainbow Guy or "  David After Dentist . "	Google has created an algorithm that scores videos based on user feedback , other info Users can vote on YouTube 's top finishers in a "  Comedy Slam " Researcher : "  Humor preference is subjective , perhaps even more so than musical taste "
Washington  CNN  -- Its boss the butt of late-night jokes and its conduct the target of President Barack Obama 's ire , BP went into a June meeting at the White House with its future at stake . "  The confidence of the markets had been rattled , " former BP CEO Tony Hayward said in his first interview since he resigned , indicating how close the company was to collapse . Oil was still flowing from its well in the Gulf of Mexico and the company was being hit financially on all sides , with its stock price down and demands increasing for it to suspend dividend payments . Eleven lives had been lost on the Deepwater Horizon rig and Gulf Coast residents were feeling the punch of the disaster . "  These were frightening days , " current boss Bob Dudley told the BBC , which aired "  BP : $ 30 Billion Blowout " on Tuesday . "  It was a very , very tense period . " BP emerged from the White House with an agreement to spend $ 20 billion in reparations over four years and for politicians to tone down the anti-BP rhetoric . Hayward told the BBC the company was "  not prepared " for the fallout from the spill and that he understood why he was "  demonized and vilified " by the American public . "  It is very difficult to hate a company , " said Hayward , conceding BP contingency plans were inadequate . "  It 's much easier to hate an individual . " Hayward made a series of ill-advised remarks during the crisis , including , "  I would like my life back . " U.S. politicians and officials castigated him and occasionally referred to the company as "  British Petroleum " rather than as "  BP , " underscoring that a foreign-based company was at fault for the disaster . "  I do n't feel like I 've been made a scapegoat , I recognized the realities of the world we live in , " Hayward told the BBC . "  In some senses it comes with the patch and you simply have to take the rough with the smooth . " Hayward said the company can restore the environment and jobs , but not the lives of those who died on the Deepwater Horizon . "  I was and remain devastated , he said . "  I feel a real accountability for that . " The BBC program was aired on the second day of U.S. hearings about the Gulf oil spill . One bad decision after another , failed tests and other shortfalls show that the three companies involved in the disaster need to be overhauled , the co-chairman of the presidential commission investigating the incident said . "  BP , Halliburton , and Transocean are major respected companies operating throughout the Gulf , " said William Reilly , former administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency , "  and the evidence is that they are in need of top-to-bottom reform . " Referencing his own earlier remarks about "  culture of complacency , " Reilly said , "  all three companies we heard from displayed it , " Reilly said . On Monday , the commission reported that workers aboard the Deepwater Horizon were pushing to complete the well , but no "  conscious decision " to cut corners on safety had been discovered . "  Presentations and examinations yesterday uncovered a suite of bad decisions , " Reilly said . Commission co-chairman Bob Graham , a former U.S. senator from Florida , cited a culture that failed to ensure safety . "  Leaders did not take serious risk seriously enough , did not identify risk that proved to be fatal , " Graham said Tuesday . Tuesday 's hearing focused on regulations and well-drilling protocols . The disaster began April 20 with an explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon drill rig , which was completing the well for BP at the time of the blast . The 11 killed all died in the blast and fire , which raged for two days before the rig sank , rupturing the well a mile below . Transocean , the rig 's owner , Halliburton , the cement contractor , and BP have pointed fingers at each other since the rig sank . BP was responsible for capping the ruptured well it owned and cleaning up the more than 200 million gallons of oil that spilled . The well was sealed temporarily in mid-July and capped permanently on September 19 . "  There seemed to be a compulsion to get this rig completed in that April 19 , April 20 time period , " Graham said Monday . Reilly also cited a "  rush to completion " and called BP and its partners "  laggards " in following best practices for drilling . Tuesday 's testimony included discussion on BP 's plan to temporarily cap the well before another rig would move in to start collecting oil . Charlie Williams , well engineering scientist , said his company uses at least three plugs during such a process , as compared to BP 's one . The director of a petroleum research laboratory at Louisiana State University testified that better training and drills could prepare rig workers for disasters . "  I definitely think an increase in training should be considered , particularly with a set of disaster scenarios , if you will , " said Darryl Bourgoyne . "  I think it would probably be much more effective if -LSB- training -RSB- drills were regularly conducted along these lines on the rigs that were doing the operations with the crews . " The commission also heard from ExxonMobil about its safety programs . Its executive said the company learned some lessons from the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster in Alaska and other situations . "  ExxonMobil 's goal is not simply to have employees comply with safety procedures . A culture of compliance alone can lead to complacency , " said Rex Tillerson , chairman and chief executive officer . "  We seek to go beyond compliance , to create a culture in which employees are not only meeting the safety procedures , but they are challenging them so they can be improved where needed . " BP and Halliburton have drawn criticism about flaws in cement that was poured to reinforce the well . The companies involved each had data , " commission chief engineer Richard Sears testified Tuesday . "  And if data had been shared differently and if operations had been carried out differently , I believe this disaster could have been prevented . " CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Engineer says disaster could have been averted Tony Hayward said he understands anger after spill Former BP chairman felt "  demonized and vilified " Commission co-chairman says companies need reforms
Moscow  CNN  -- In her previous life , Kseniya Sobchak bared her soul -- and a lot more -- as Russia 's version of Paris Hilton , a socialite with her own reality show . One installment of her 2008 production "  A Blonde in Chocolate " featured her sprawled on the floor sporting white , stiletto-heeled boots , a slip and a fur wrap , looking as if she 'd had a tough night on the town . But even then , Sobchak tells CNN , she was a closet political junkie . "  During my Paris Hilton years , " she says with a smile , "  I was always saying that I 'm better off in show business and better doing some stuff that people would call cheesy . But I would n't do something to betray my political tastes . " And political tastes she had . The daughter of political icon Anatoly Sobchak -- the former mayor of St. Petersburg who helped to launch Vladimir Putin 's career in government back in the early 1990s -- is trying to transform herself into a political animal , a talking head , and an opponent of Putin . "  I was always feeling something , torn between my respect for the help of Mr. Putin for my father in early years and for their work together , " she says . "  But I always was torn between  my father 's  work , because he was a democrat and I think would never have dreamt of living in a situation like this in Russia . " Sobchak 's favorite look these days is a chic dark blouse , blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail , and a pair of oversized , black-framed glasses . It is a cool but serious image , befitting her new incarnation , which began at a key moment last year . It was September 24 , 2011 , when Vladimir Putin stunned his fellow Russians with the announcement that he , and not the current president , Dmitry Medvedev , would be running for election -- again . Putin had become prime minister after serving the maximum two consecutive terms as president . "  They decided to change Medvedev for Putin and Putin for Medevedev and then they give out the results , " Sobchak says indignantly . "  That 's not how it should work and people feel offended . " Sobchak exploits her fame and uses her well-honed media skills to get her message across . In one political video called "  I am voting for ... " Sobchak , her hair disheveled , T-shirt falling off her shoulder , looking straight at the camera with a kind of dull , programmed expression , says she 's voting for "  the candidate "  no name mentioned  who is "  benevolent " and has helped Russians to live better . "  Especially now , " she says , "  at this time of threat from an ` Orange Revolution of the Syrian and Libyan variety ' you ca n't rock the boat . You have to unite behind one candidate . " One second after she announces that she is voting for that "  candidate " a man tapes her mouth shut , she 's strapped to a chair and armed men carry her off screaming with tongue-in-cheek horror . Who is Sobchak really voting for ? Billionaire candidate Mikhail Prokhorov . "  I do n't think that Prokhorov would become the president , " she laughs , "  but he 's handsome ! And I would vote for him . Why not ? " Some question Sobchak 's new image and her political conversion . At one opposition rally where she spoke the crowd loudly booed her . Putin , she thinks , will be elected president again , but Russia is no longer the same . "  My forecast ? He will try to strengthen and tighten the system , " she says . "  But now , with the protests on the streets , it 's not possible any longer . So it will take , I think , a couple of years of a real protest movement to change the situation . "	Kseniya Sobchak says she was true to her political tastes even during her "  Paris Hilton years " Though she has reason to back Putin , she opposes his run for re-election Putin 's political manipulation is "  not how it should work and people feel offended , " she says
CNN  -- Here 's a thought to chew on : America 's most intractable problems all double back to our collective mistreatment of animals . Sounds crazy , right ? Well , humor me for a minute . Our own lives would improve if we started showing some basic decency to the 9 billion cows , calves , pigs , lambs , turkeys and chickens that are slaughtered a year in the United States . More than 99 % of farm animals in the U.S. are raised in factory farms , many unable to even turn around in small cages . A slew of investigations by Mercy for Animals , PETA and the Humane Society of the United States have uncovered repeated instances of vicious abuse of animals headed for slaughter . The latest Humane Society undercover investigation of a large veal calf slaughterhouse in New Jersey showed abuse too gruesome to display on television and resulted in the temporary shutdown of the facility by the U.S. Department of Agriculture . "  Animal abuse is the norm in the meat industry , " says Paul Shapiro , vice president of farm animal protection at the Humane Society . "  Many standard practices in animal agribusiness are so cruel that they 're just out of step with mainstream American values about how animals ought to be treated . " The society cites piglet tail docking and castration without anesthesia , the confinement of pigs to crates where they can not turn around and cutting off the beaks of egg-laying hens before they 're confined to tiny cages . If all of this sounds hideous , it is . And here 's how it hurts us humans . The obesity crisis : Two thirds of American adults are overweight or obese . The American Medical Association has declared obesity a chronic disease in an attempt to get a grip on what some label the 21st century plague . A recent study published in the New England Journal of Medicine shows that kids who are overweight in kindergarten are often condemned to future obesity . It also showed obesity is highest in the poorest socioeconomic sectors of society , further hobbling already disadvantaged kids . The rise of obesity has paralleled the rise of fast food , laden with meat and dairy products : burgers and shakes . Obesity affects every aspect of a people 's lives , from health to relationships . Less fast food would help stop the obesity epidemic and would also mean raising and killing fewer animals . A 2010 study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition concluded , "  a plant-based diet seems to be a sensible approach for the prevention of obesity in children . " The health care crisis : The myriad of serious health risks resulting from poor diet include high cholesterol , heart disease , type 2 diabetes , high blood pressure , stroke and even sleep apnea . Eating too much meat and dairy products , combined with excessive intake of sugars and starch , plays a big role in these medical issues . Cholesterol does not exist in vegetables . Vegetables do not clog arteries . A report by the Union of Concerned Scientists says we could save 100,000 lives and $ 17 billion in health care costs from heart disease every year if Americans ate more fruits and vegetables . The report begs Congress to slash farm policies that subsidize Big Ag 's massive production of junk and fast food . Critics say the $ 956 billion farm bill that just passed is simply a bait and switch that cuts direct subsidies but replaces them with generous crop insurance . That brings us to money . The deficit : Skyrocketing health care costs are a key factor in the ballooning deficit . The yearly medical costs of obesity are estimated to be as high as $ 190 billion a year , according to a study reported in the Journal of Health Economics , with expenditures of almost $ 1,200 more a year to treat obese Americans compared with those of normal weight . Natural disasters : Extreme weather phenomena is on the rise leading to more massive , destructive storms as a result of climate change . Hurricane Sandy alone cost $ 70 billion in damage and lost economic productivity . Meat production is one of the leading causes of climate change because of the destruction of the rainforest for grazing lands , the massive amounts of methane produced by farm animals and the huge amounts of water , grain and other resources required to feed animals The U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization found the production of meat contributes from 14 % and 22 % of the world 's greenhouse gases . Hunger : Every five seconds a child dies somewhere in the world of malnutrition or starvation . World hunger could be eliminated if all the produce fed to cows , chickens and pigs raised for human consumption was distributed directly to hungry humans . Bill Gates , who is championing meat alternatives in his "  Future of Food " project , puts it succinctly when he notes : "  For every 10 kilograms of grain we feed cattle , we get 1 kilogram of beef in return . The calorie kick-back is just too low to feed a growing world population . " Some of the smartest people in America , from Bill Clinton to Bill Gates , are starting to see the big picture . Clinton , after having quadruple bypass surgery and later stents to open his veins , publicly adopted a plant-based diet . Bill Gates , in his Future of Food project , sums up the unsustainability of our food system succinctly , noting : "  raising meat takes a great deal of land and water and has a substantial environmental impact . Put simply , there 's no way to produce enough meat for 9 billion people . " The human population of Earth is expected to surpass 9 billion by 2050 . Now , it 's time for the rest of us to wake up and vote with our shopping carts . American taxpayers and consumers are being exploited right along with the animals . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Velez-Mitchell .	Jane Velez-Mitchell : Almost all farm animals in the U.S. are raised in factory farms Velez-Mitchell : Animal abuse and cruelty is the norm in the meat industry She says meat production leads to obesity , disease , high health costs , pollution She says raising meat uses huge amount of energy ; plant based diet could feed the world
CNN  -- Erroll Southers In the aftermath of the attempted bombing of Northwest Flight 253 , it is likely the Senate will move to confirm the embattled nomination of Southers as head of the Transportation Security Administration when it returns from its winter recess . Objections to Southers ' confirmation were first made by Republican Sen. Jim DeMint of South Carolina over the potential unionization of TSA employees . Southers is the Los Angeles International Airport 's assistant chief for homeland security and intelligence . The airport 's police department , which Southers has helped manage since early 2007 , is the largest such operation in the country , with approximately 1,200 employees . Southers is also associate director at the Center for Risk and Economic Analysis of Terrorism Events at the University of Southern California . The former FBI special agent served as a deputy director of homeland security for California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger . CNN Political Ticker : DeMint defends blocking appointment Miriam Siefer The attorney who will defend the 23-year-old Nigerian man accused of trying to blow up Northwest Flight 253 is no stranger to terrorism cases , according to The Detroit News . Miriam Siefer , chief federal defender with the Federal Defender Office in Detroit , Michigan , represented James Nichols when he was a suspect in the Oklahoma City bombing . His brother Terry Nichols was convicted for that act of domestic terrorism . Siefer is now the lead attorney for Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , who is accused of hiding explosive materials sewn into his underwear that could have brought down the airplane . "  She 's one of a handful of people who is universally respected and admired by people in the U.S. Attorney 's Office , " said Alan Gershel , the former head of criminal prosecutions in Detroit who now is a law professor at Cooley Law School in Auburn Hills , Michigan . Detroit News : Suspect 's lawyer old hand at terror cases Micah Fialka-Feldman A U.S. district judge has ruled that Oakland University in Rochester , Michigan , violated a federal law by refusing to allow Fialka-Feldman , a disabled student , to live in a campus dorm and now must make a room available for him . The Detroit News and NPR report that Fialka-Feldman has a mild cognitive impairment that hinders his ability to read and write . But the university said because he was in a special program and not a full-time student , he could n't live on campus . It took him two buses and two hours to get to campus from his parents ' home . The judge ruled that Oakland University had discriminated against Fialka-Feldman , who says he will hang a poster in his room with quotes from civil rights leaders . One says : "  A community that excludes one member is not a community at all . " NPR : Intellectually disabled student wins dorm suit Detroit News : Student wins housing fight William Koch The Palm Beach , Florida , billionaire says that a 1787 Lafite Bordeaux with Thomas Jefferson 's initials etched into the bottle is fake . "  I thought that I had a piece of history , a piece of America 's most important history , " Koch told the Los Angeles Times . So Koch sued the seller and has filed four other lawsuits . He says there are more to come . His goal is to clean up an industry where a single bottle can go for more than $ 100,000 . In 1989 , Koch purchased the Lafite and three other bottles of Bordeaux , also purported to be Jefferson 's , for about $ 500,000 . In the federal lawsuit he filed in New York against the wine supplier , Koch claims Jefferson 's "  initials " were etched into the bottle with modern-day power tools . Los Angeles Times : Wine collector sues over alleged fakery Michael Landers This 15-year-old 10th-grader from Old Westbury , New York , is the youngest player to win the men 's national singles championship in table tennis , or pingpong . In a New York Times profile , Landers says his training can last 30 hours each week . For 14 months , Goran Milanovic , a former Serbian discuss thrower , has been putting him through 90-minute workouts two or three times a week . NY Times : The ping-pong prodigy What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day , there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do , and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	Nominee for TSA chief held up by South Carolina senator Lawyer for terror suspect familiar with terrorism cases 10th-grader is youngest player to win national table tennis championship
In a 2011 conversation about the Affordable Care Act , MIT economist Jonathan Gruber , one of the architects of the law more commonly known as Obamacare , talked about how the bill would get rid of all tax credits for employer-based health insurance through "  mislabeling " what the tax is and who it would hit . In recent days , the past comments of Gruber -- who in a 2010 speech noted that he "  helped write the federal bill " and "  was a paid consultant to the Obama administration to help develop the technical details as well " -- have been given renewed attention . In previously posted but only recently noticed speeches , Gruber discusses how those pushing the bill took part in an "  exploitation of the lack of economic understanding of the American voter , " taking advantage of voters ' "  stupidity " to create a law that would ultimately be good for them . The issue at hand in this sixth video is known as the "  Cadillac tax , " which was represented as a tax on employers ' expensive health insurance plans . While employers do not currently have to pay taxes on health insurance plans they provide employees , starting in 2018 , companies that provide health insurance that costs more than $ 10,200 for an individual or $ 27,500 for a family will have to pay a 40 percent tax . "  Economists have called for 40 years to get rid of the regressive , inefficient and expensive tax subsidy provided for employer provider health insurance , " Gruber said at the Pioneer Institute for public policy research in Boston . The subsidy is "  terrible policy , " Gruber said . "  It turns out politically it 's really hard to get rid of , " Gruber said . "  And the only way we could get rid of it was first by mislabeling it , calling it a tax on insurance plans rather than a tax on people when we all know it 's a tax on people who hold those insurance plans . " The White House press secretary said at a press briefing in 2010 : "  I would disagree with your notion that it is a tax on an individual since the proposal is written as a tax on an insurance company that offers a plan . " The second way was have the tax kick in "  late , starting in 2018 . But by starting it late , we were able to tie the cap for Cadillac Tax to CPI , not medical inflation , " Gruber said . CPI is the consumer price index , which is lower than medical inflation . Gruber explains that by drafting the bill this way , they were able to pass something that would initially only impact some employer plans though it would eventually hit almost every employer plan . And by that time , those who object to the tax will be obligated to figure out how to come up with the money that repealing the tax will take from the treasury , or risk significantly adding to the national debt . "  What that means is the tax that starts out hitting only 8 % of the insurance plans essentially amounts over the next 20 years essentially getting rid of the exclusion for employer sponsored plans , " Gruber said . "  This was the only political way we were ever going to take on one of the worst public policies in America . " Unions and employers who object in 2018 , he noted , "  at that point if they want to get rid of it they 're going to have to fill a trillion dollar hole in the deficit ... It 's on the books now . " When the Cadillac tax was first rolled out , it was explained by Obamacare backers as a tax that would only impact those with "  high end plans " -- not all employer sponsored plans . A White House economic adviser in 2009 set "  the record straight " by saying "  the excise tax levied on insurance companies for high-premium plans , the so-called ` Cadillac tax , ' will affect only a small portion of the very highest cost health plans -- a total of 3 % of premiums in 2013 . " Gruber 's are at about the 30:38 mark here . Former White House press secretary Jay Carney told CNN that Gruber 's remarks in general were "  very harmful politically to the president . " Gruber "  speaks from the Ivory tower with remarkable hubris about the American voter and by extension the American Congress , " Carney told The Lead with Jake Tapper . "  Any health care reform that sought to control costs and expand insurance would involve winners and losers . And that 's always going to be the case . " Many of the videos were discovered by a Philadelphia-area financial adviser named Rich Weinstein who has spent the last year researching Obamacare after his family insurance premiums doubled . Weinstein told CNN that he had assumed , incorrectly , that since he liked his health insurance plan and he had insurance , he would n't be much impacted by the new law .	MIT economist Jonathan Gruber is considered the architect of Obamacare Videos where Gruber insults voters and explains the law have recently emerged Opponents of Obamacare see this as evidence of the law 's ill will
CNN  -- It was still dark when Stan Brock began calling out numbers on his megaphone to admit a crowd of hundreds gathered at a Los Angeles sports arena Tuesday morning . A mobile health clinic offering free services has drawn thousands of people in Los Angeles in the last week . "  We opened the door at 5:30 and there were 600-odd people already gathered , " he told CNN . Over the last week , thousands seeking free medical care have turned up at the mobile health care clinic set up by Remote Area Medical , a non-profit organization founded by Brock . Tuesday marks the final day of its eight-day operation in Los Angeles , which so far has resulted in the provision of at least $ 2 million in free health care services , according to Brock 's early estimates . Remote Area Medical , better known as RAM , is a volunteer organization that brings free medical , dental and vision care to people around the world . See other groups that provide much-needed health services " Since its launch in 1985 , RAM has sent expeditions to developing corners of the world , including Haiti , the Dominican Republic and India . But in recent years , the Knoxville , Tenn.-based organization has faced increasing demand for its services in the U.S. , including from large urban areas . "  We 've had to cut back on services to needy places like Haiti because of overwhelming need in the U.S. , " Brock told CNN . "  We have to take care of the home front first . " On the final day of the Los Angeles operation , Brock said crowds were still gathering with the hope of receiving care . Patients have spent hours waiting in line in the past week for the chance to get free care . RAM has had to turn away some patients because it did n't have enough volunteers to provide treatment . It has n't reached its target of treating 1,500 patients a day , but Brock still considers the operation a success . He said RAM has treated at least 4,557 people , and that does n't include figures from the last two days of the operation , which are n't available yet , he said . Many patients have used more than one service , resulting in roughly 11,500 patient encounters . That includes the extraction of nearly 1,800 bad teeth and the production of 1,090 pairs of new eyeglasses . While limited access to health care is often associated with developing countries , it 's a problem that faces patients around the world . That 's become increasingly clear as America debates the future of health care . Los Angeles is by far the largest urban community RAM has served so far . The organization has been besieged for requests from a number of metro areas , including Detroit , Seattle , Miami and Atlanta , Brock said . The lack of accessible health care from an economic standpoint is a problem that has been going on for decades , Brock said . "  We could have come to Los Angeles 15 years ago and I guarantee there would have been just as big of a turnout of patients , " he told CNN . Brock started RAM after spending 15 years in what used to be British Guiana -- now known as Guyana -- in South America . In that isolated area , it would take 26 days on foot to reach care , Brock recalled , and he wanted to find a way to bring medical care to such remote areas . RAM usually provides services in the Appalachia region of the U.S. where it 's easier for volunteers to work , Brock said . Medical practitioners providing free care in Tennessee can be licensed in any state . Unfortunately , he said , other states do n't have similar provisions , making it difficult for RAM to recruit enough local volunteers to be able to deal with the demand if they were to set up in areas like New York or Washington . Running the temporary clinic is practically a 24-hour operation . Brock 's day starts at 4 a.m. and runs well into the night . But it 's a rewarding experience for volunteers when they get to see how much their efforts have been appreciated , he said . "  When you see a patient who has had thousands of dollars of free dental care come out of a dental chair and they 've got tears in their eyes and hug the dentist and dental assistant , it makes it all worthwhile . "	Pop-up clinic in Los Angeles has treated at least 4,500 patients in last week Non-profit Remote Area Medical behind the mobile medical center Founder Stan Brock says demand for free care not just limited to rural areas
CNET  -- Well , here 's what we 've all been waiting for . Apple put out a couple of announcements on Tuesday related to its desktop computers . Apple on Tuesday announced a new Mac Pro high-end desktop powered by Intel 's "  Nehalem " processor . The company unveiled a new Mac Pro high-end desktop powered by Intel 's "  Nehalem " processor , a new and more graphics-intensive Mac Mini machine , and updated iMacs that include the lowest price point yet for the consumer desktops . Let 's look at the new Mac Pro first : priced at $ 2,499 for the quad-core version and $ 3,299 for the eight-core version , those Intel "  Nehalem " Xeon processors run at 2.93 GHz , and the interior of the machine has been cleaned up to make physical expansions easier . On the green front , it meets the new Energy Star 5.0 requirements that will go into effect later this year . The new iMac desktop is a 24 " machine that is priced at $ 1,499 , the cost of Apple 's previous 20 " iMac . The 20-inch is now $ 1,199 . The 20 " is powered by a 2.66 GHz processor ; the 24 " has processor speed options of 2.66 GHz , 2.93 GHz  for $ 1,799  , or 3.02 GHz  for $ 2,199  . The 24 " comes with a 640GB hard drive and 4GB of RAM expandable to 8GB ; the 20 " comes with a 320GB hard drive and 2GB of RAM expandable to 8GB . "  Our flagship 24-inch iMac with twice the memory and twice the storage is now available for just $ 1,499 , " Apple chief operating officer Tim Cook , currently standing in at the helm of the company in place of iconic CEO Steve Jobs , said in a release . "  The Mac mini is not only our most affordable Mac , it 's also the world 's most energy efficient desktop computer . " As for the new Mac Mini , the big upgrade is NVIDIA GeForce 9400M integrated graphics that Apple says will improve its graphics performance as much as fivefold . The monitor-free machine costs either $ 599 for a lower-end edition  1GB RAM , 120GB hard drive  or $ 799 for the higher-end  2GB RAM , 320GB hard drive  . All these machines , like the new Mac Pro , meet Energy Star 5.0 requirements . Rumors of new Apple desktop computers were first reported at AppleInsider .  2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Apple on Tuesday announced a new Mac Pro high-end desktop Powered by Intel 's "  Nehalem " processor , they 're priced at $ 2,499 and $ 3,299 Apple also unveilved a new and more graphics-intensive Mac Mini machine Updated 24-inch iMacs have twice the memory and twice the storage
CNN  -- With warm weather under way , there 's no better time to update your living quarters . But how do you turn your home into a space that reflects your personality ? Interior design expert Erin Gates , founder and editor of popular lifestyle blog "  Elements of Style , " recommends looking in your wardrobe closet for inspiration . Whether she 's decorating a sailboat in San Francisco or a studio apartment in Boston , Gates looks for parallels between fashion and popular interiors . "  The trends translate between the two seamlessly , " Gates says . Overcoming the builder-grade countertops , mass-manufactured lighting , and drab white walls can seem like a challenge , especially if you 're on a budget . Where do you start ? 1 . Shop vintage or rummage through your parents ' or grandparents ' furniture . With a fresh coat of paint or new upholstery , something you grew up with could fit beautifully into your space and tell a story . 2 . Just as fashion is ever-changing , you can keep your home in pace with trends , but be sparing about it . Keep the investment pieces simple -- sofas , beds and dining tables -- and swap out accessories like throw pillows , rugs and lamps to reflect the current trends . Keep your space looking timeless so you wo n't tire of it in six months . It 's much easier to toss a peplum top than a brass chair . 3 . To help feel stimulated , make inspiration boards either virtually or from fashion and decor magazine clippings , she suggests . Are you seeing similar colors , patterns , and shapes ? This should give you a good idea of what would make you happy in your space . 4 . As far as your home goes , gray is still the hottest neutral color , use brass instead of chrome , large-scale photography , blush or light mint green as accent colors and add a potted ficus tree somewhere . Bringing live greenery inside adds so much life . 5 . Buy the best you can afford once instead of spending poorly three times . We 've all bought something cheap because we did n't want to save up for what we really wanted , and then we end up buying it anyway when the first thing falls apart . You end up spending more than you would have if you just bought what you wanted in the first place . Gates has a book of design inspirations coming out next fall .	Designer Erin Gates recommends taking decor inspiration from fashion You favorite styles and shopping venues can translate into your living space Pairing vintage with new items and saving up for quality showpieces are key
CNN  Foreign intervention in Yemen 's chaos has dramatically raised the stakes in the Arabian Peninsula , threatening to expand what is already a civil war into a conflict pitting Iran against Saudi Arabia and an Arab coalition . The Saudis launched Operation "  Decisive Storm " last Wednesday with dozens of airstrikes in an effort to blunt the advance of Houthi militia and allied army units on the port of Aden -- and to protect the last bastion of Yemen 's internationally-recognized President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi . There were also strikes in and around the capital , Sanaa , which resumed early Monday . Many analysts were surprised at the speed and scale of the Saudi air campaign , which the Kingdom said would continue until the Houthis -- a Shia minority that has swept across the country in the last six months -- retreated and laid down their arms . Essentially the Saudis are trying to bomb the Houthis to the negotiating table . The Houthis have responded by threatening a campaign of suicide bomb attacks inside Saudi Arabia . Iran , which has supported the Houthis as fellow Shia , described the Saudi offensive as a "  dangerous move that would kill any chance at peaceful resolution of the crisis . " Yemen is becoming the latest battleground in a contest for regional superiority between Saudi Arabia and Iran that goes back to the overthrow of the Shah during Iran 's Islamic Revolution in 1979 . It now resembles Syria , or Bosnia 20 years ago : a patchwork of shifting fiefdoms where force is the only means of influence . There is a real risk that Yemen will collapse as a state , with a revived independence movement in the south , the Houthis in the north , and the Sunni heartland in between . Adam Baron , a visiting fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations and expert on Yemen 's tortured recent history , says , "  It 's not difficult to divine Saudi Arabia and its coalition partners ' motivations for taking this action . " The Houthis were on the verge of overrunning Aden , a strategic port that overlooks straits through which 20,000 merchant ships pass every year . According to the U.S. Energy Information Agency , 3.8 million barrels of oil a day passed through the Bab el Mandab Straits in 2013 . But Baron believes the Kingdom 's "  decision to launch a full-scale military action truly risks inflaming the situation further . It will be seen as an act of aggression by most Yemenis and risks taking the situation to a place that no-one will be able to control . " As in Afghanistan , factions in Yemen do not respond well to foreign intervention . In 2009 the Saudis took military action against the Houthis in support of then President Ali Abdullah Saleh , using airstrikes and special forces , but were unable to subdue them . Now the Houthis have at least some of the $ 500 million in military equipment provided by the U.S. to Yemen since 2010 , and they have proved to be capable fighters . They staged a lightning invasion of the capital , Sanaa , last September , taking advantage of popular discontent and an unwillingness among many army units to resist them . Since then they have moved on the Red Sea port of Hodeida and surged south toward Aden . They have also grafted themselves onto parts of the army in the battle against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  that is now raging in central and southern Yemen . Whether Saudi and Egyptian ground forces will become involved in the conflict is the big unknown . An Arab League summit in Egypt at the weekend agreed to form a joint military force , but that will take months at least to build . In the meantime , Saudi tanks and armor have been moved closer to the Yemeni border , but Saudi officials say there are no immediate plans to launch a ground offensive . Yemen has history as a graveyard of foreign forces . In the 1960s Egypt intervened in Yemen 's civil war on behalf of the anti-royalists -- an operation that sapped the Egyptian army and contributed to its failure against the Israelis in the 1967 war . The extent of the Houthis ' backing from Iran is hotly disputed . President Hadi said at the weekend that Iran was behind Yemen 's turmoil and the Houthis were no more than its stooges . The Houthis deny receiving help from Iran , but as the conflict worsens , they may indeed turn to Tehran for the sort of military advice that the Iranian Revolutionary Guards are providing in Iraq -- and for funding and oil . Saudi and Iranian involvement in Yemen threatens to deepen sectarian distrust in a country where Sunni and Shia have historically not been enemies . This would suit both AQAP and ISIS  Islamic State in Syria and Iraq  which announced its sudden and murderous arrival in Yemen this month with massive suicide bombings at two Houthi mosques in Sanaa , killing at least 150 people . As the International Crisis Group puts it , a "  long history of coexistence is beginning to break down " in Yemen . Baron says one critical question is whether ISIS and AQAP will now go head-to-head in trying to kill as many Houthis as possible . For the United States , which worked hard to "  stand up " the Hadi government and encourage its campaign to eradicate AQAP , recent events have been a disaster . There will be less actionable intelligence against one of al Qaeda 's most potent affiliates , and its Sunni allies in the Middle East  and especially the Gulf  will have even less interest than before in dialogue with Iran on issues from its nuclear program to Iraq . U.S. options have also diminished with the hurried withdrawal of some 100 military personnel from al-Anad airbase in the south of Yemen hours before it was seized by the Houthis . Drone operations from the base had at least blunted AQAP 's freedom of action , even if they failed to eradicate the group . The unseen hand in Yemen 's collapse is former President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who was badly injured in a bomb attack in 2011 , and eventually  very eventually  persuaded to cede office to Hadi after 33 years in power . But he was allowed to remain in the country and has not given up his political ambitions . Last fall , he was sanctioned by both the United Nations and the U.S. for undermining efforts to forge a new political settlement in Yemen . Baron believes Saleh is biding his time -- waiting for an opportunity to inject his son , Ahmed Ali , into Yemen 's complex political equation . Ahmed Ali was formerly commander of Yemen 's Republican Guard , and parts of the armed forces are still regarded as loyal to the Saleh clan . For now , Saleh has a marriage of convenience with the Houthis , but few expect it to survive . When he was President , Saleh launched a series of brief wars against the Houthis between 2004 and 2010 . "  Neither trusts the other ; their recent cooperation notwithstanding , they are competing for political dominance , especially in the northern tribal highlands and the military , " says the International Crisis Group . For the people of Yemen , the brief flash of hope that came with the Arab Spring is now a distant memory . Last week , at least nine protesters were killed in the central city of Taiz and more than 100 injured by Houthi militia . Aden has been rocked by looting and score-settling among rival clans . "  Human rights in Yemen are in free-fall as even peaceful protest becomes a life-threatening activity , " according to Said Boumedouha of Amnesty International . For the past three years , different parties and factions have fought over the state 's few assets while the standard of living of ordinary Yemenis has continued to plummet . A U.N.-led effort to agree on a new constitution has been mired in squabbling , with all parties failing to honor commitments . "  Even more damaging , those with most influence -- the Saudis and Iranians in particular -- are taking steps to undercut the negotiations , " says the International Crisis Group . "  This combination of proxy wars , sectarian violence , state collapse and militia rule has become sadly familiar in the region . Nobody is likely to win such a fight , " the ICG says . But for now , such a fight seems destined to continue .	Saudi Arabia-led coalition launched airstrikes in Yemen last Wednesday Saudi intervention raises prospect of regional war between Iran and Arab states
CNN  -- Russia will not deliver new weapons to Syria so long as the situation in that country is unstable , an official at the body in charge of monitoring Russia 's arms trade said Monday , state media reported . "  Russia , as well as other countries , is concerned by the situation in Syria , " said Vyacheslav Dzirkaln , deputy head of the Federal Service for Military-Technical Cooperation , RIA Novosti reported . "  We are not talking about new arms supplies to that country . " "  Until the situation stabilizes we will not deliver any new weapons  to Syria  , " said Dzirkaln . He specifically said Russia would not supply Syria with Yak-130 aircraft . Russia has signed a $ 550 million contract for the delivery of three dozen such planes , RIA Novosti said . Still , it was not clear whether the official was saying Russia would discontinue the delivery of all arms , or whether it was stopping just the supply of "  new weapons . " The report seemed to leave open the possibility that Russia could continue to deliver some arms to Syria under existing contracts . The move could be a major blow to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , who is fighting to stay in control after more than a year of popular protests and a brutal government crackdown . Russia has been the long-time principal supplier of arms to Syria since the days when it was the Soviet Union . The weapons sales have more than doubled in recent years . According to Congressional Research Service , Russia sold Syria $ 4.7 billion in arms from 2007 to 2010 , compared with $ 2.1 billion from 2003 to 2006 . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said last month the continued supply of arms from Russia has strengthened al-Assad 's regime , despite denials by Russian President Vladimir Putin that any munitions it was providing to Syria were being used against its own people . Also last month , a shipment of refurbished Russian helicopters headed for Syria had to turn around and return to Russia after its British insurance company dropped coverage on the ship carrying the helicopters . News of the suspended shipments comes the same day the joint U.N.-Arab League envoy to Syria said al-Assad has agreed on "  an approach " to ending the bloodshed in Syria . Kofi Annan made the statement after meeting with al-Assad in Damascus . He then flew to Tehran for meetings with Iranian leaders about the Syrian conflict . Annan gave no details of the "  approach " al-Assad agreed to but said he vowed to share it with the "  armed opposition . " Annan also said al-Assad "  reassured me of the government 's commitment " to Annan 's six-point peace plan , brokered in March , which has done nothing to stop the deadly violence . Syria said the two men discussed a recent gathering of world leaders in Geneva , Switzerland , aimed at taking steps to bring peace to Syria , "  with emphasis on the need for dialogue to be among Syrians and led by Syrians " -- a phrase emphasizing Syria 's resistance to foreign intervention of any sort in the conflict . Later , Annan announced he was in Tehran "  to discuss the situation in Syria " and "  to see how we can work together to help settle the situation . " Iran 's state-run Press TV said he planned to "  hold talks with senior officials . " Even as Annan was in Syria , al-Assad 's regime reported it had conducted live-fire training exercises that simulated a defense against foreign attacks . Throughout the 16-month uprising , the regime has blamed violence on armed terrorist groups involving people from outside Syria . At least 41 people were killed Monday as the Syrian regime continued its crackdown , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria opposition group . It said at least 60 people were killed in fighting Sunday . Monday 's violence included house-to-house raids and arrests in Daraa and "  very intense shelling " in Homs , with helicopters flying overhead , the LCC said . Eighteen of the deaths were in Idlib , the LCC said . Gruesome video from the town of Areeha in Idlib showed blood-soaked bodies being dumped onto pickup trucks amid apparent destruction . A man is heard yelling , "  Allahu akbar "  "  God is great "  and calling the dead "  victims of the indiscriminate shelling . " As with so many other videos that have emerged from the conflict , it was impossible to know the full story behind the images . Heavy gunfire also erupted Monday in the northern Lebanese state of Akkar near the border with Syria , the official Lebanese news agency reported . A number of shells fell inside Lebanese territory , it said . CNN can not independently confirm reports of violence as Syria has severely limited the access of international journalists . Syrian state-run TV , meanwhile , broadcast what it called "  confessions of four terrorists who admitted to committing murder , rape , abduction and robbery , in addition to smuggling weapons and gunmen , in Homs ' countryside . " The so-called confessions aired Sunday , state-run news agency SANA reported Monday . It said one of the terrorists "  started off by being part of a group that attempted to incite people to protest , and his job was to transport protesters from mosques to squares in the town of al-Qseir . " SANA reported that on Monday , authorities "  clashed with an armed terrorist group " on the outskirts of Aleppo . The United Nations says more than 10,000 people , mostly civilians , have been killed in the violence in Syria . Opposition groups give an even higher figure . The violence erupted in March 2011 when Syrian forces launched a brutal crackdown on anti-government demonstrations , part of the Arab Spring that swept through several countries . While members of the U.N. Security Council , which includes the United States , have called for an end to the violence and for al-Assad to step aside , efforts to adopt a resolution that would allow for aid to the rebels have been blocked by Russia and China , key Syrian trade partners . Russia and China are strongly opposed to armed intervention , saying the outcome in Syria should be decided by its people . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Heavy gunfire erupts at Syria-Lebanon border , official Lebanese news agency says No new weapons will be delivered "  until the situation stabilizes , " says Russian official Russia has been the long-time principal supplier of arms to Syria Kofi Annan says he will take "  an approach " agreed to by al-Assad to the opposition
