Video gamers spend tons of time -- for many it 's 10,000 hours by age 21 -- battling mythic monsters , shooting aliens and rescuing princesses from digital castles . Adrien Treuille wants to put those efforts to better use . The Carnegie Mellon computer scientist is the creator of two online games -- Foldit and EteRNA -- that put video gamers to work solving epic scientific puzzles . His aim is to make super-boring-sounding scientific mysteries like "  protein folding " and "  RNA synthesis " fun and challenging for gamers . The results have been staggering , as Foldit and EteRNA players -- there are about 430,000 of them between those two games , most of them playing Foldit -- continue to make discoveries that had eluded scientists and their supercomputers . Earlier this month , for example , Foldit players helped solve a puzzle about proteins that could further research into HIV/AIDS . Their work was co-published in the journal Nature . Players know they 're working on science puzzles , but the games are meant to be fun . "  One of our goals when we made Foldit is to make proteins toy-like , which is actually a technical term from game design , " Treuille said in a recent interview at the PopTech conference . "  It should be something you want to play with , like a Lego or a Tinkertoy . "  Proteins are these esoteric things that most people do n't know very much about , but through computer graphics and interaction we were able to make them something you can play with and wiggle and pull -- and make them physically real for people . And I think that realness -- that toy-like aspect of proteins -- is what made it ultimately comprehensible to our players , and allowed them to solve problems that elude computer programs . " To get why this is significant you have to understand a little bit about proteins , which Treuille describes as building blocks for life . If scientists can better understand the shapes of proteins , they can do more to build them themselves , which could lead to new methods of disease prevention and treatment . But they need help figuring out how to use these tools . "  We 're building with , like , completely new materials , " he said , "  so we know how to build with hammers but we do n't know how to build with As Gs Cs and Us yet . " That 's where the games come in . Gamers essentially are teaching scientists and computers how to build with genetic code , by toying with the shapes of RNA and proteins to see what works best . In Foldit , they 're awarded points for making proteins that use the least amount of energy . In EteRNA , which launched earlier this year , a Stanford lab actually will create a picture of the sequences made in the game . "  When you create a molecule in the game we actually synthesize it -- we make it for real and we send you back pictures of what you 've made , " he said . Here 's more on how that game works : "  What we actually do is give the players very simple tasks like build a circle , build a star , " he said . "  These are tasks that are beyond the limits of science today , but through trial and error and being able to play with real molecules through this computer game , people have been able to figure out how to solve these tasks , which is sort of extraordinary . " Treuille has high hopes for gaming 's potential to unlock good in humanity -- and impact the real world . "  People can solve much more complex problems online at the edge of human knowledge , " he said in a PopTech speech , "  and I think we 've just scratched the surface . "	Adrien Treuille , a computer scientist , designs games that further science In Foldit , players mold 3-D models of protiens as if they 're puzzles Another game , EteRNA , lets players toy with genetic sequences Treuille : Gamers have made discoveries that elude scientists and computers
CNN  -- The fourth and final suspect in the fatal shooting of two Arkansas university students turned himself in Monday , University of Central Arkansas police said . The first suspect was apprehended while driving about three minutes after the Sunday night shooting . The others were detained later , said Lt. Preston Grumbles . The suspects were identified as Kawin Brockton , 19 ; Kelsey Perry , 19 ; Mario Toney , 20 and Brandon Wade , 20 . Police released little details on the suspects other than the fact that they were not university students . "  It does not seem at this time that it was a random act , " he said , but police are "  unsure of the precise motive . " He said there was "  no indication " the shooting was gang-related . University police released the names of the victims Monday . Ryan Henderson , 18 , of Little Rock , Arkansas , and Chavares Block , 19 , of Dermott , Arkansas , were killed . Block was a sophomore pre-engineering major . Henderson was a freshman who had not yet declared a major . The university 's student government will hold a candlelight vigil in memory of the students at 5 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  Monday . Religious organizations on campus will host a prayer vigil Tuesday . A third victim , Martrevis Norman , was treated at a hospital and released . He is not a student at the university , said Lt. Rhonda Swindle of UCA campus police . A hospital representative earlier told CNN that the survivor was shot in the leg . "  This is something you pray never happens , " interim university president Tom Courtway said , visibly upset . "  But it happened . " The shooting , which happened outside a dorm , prompted a campus lockdown and the cancellation of Monday classes . Courtway said classes will resume Tuesday . Watch police describe the shooting " The shots were fired near Arkansas Hall and the Snow Fine Arts Center at 9:22 p.m. , Swindle said . Freshman Sam Hausen , who was about 50 feet  15 meters  away from the shooters when the gunfire began , said , "  I heard about five or 10 shots and , at first , I thought it was just firecrackers , because everybody always clowns around out there , but I just realized that it was n't firecrackers . " As he began running away , he saw one of the wounded students hit the ground and another stumble into the dorm , he said . "  I saw a couple cars speed off , " Hausen said . "  I do n't know if they were the shooters or not . " Student Lauren Knight , who was walking to the library when the shooting started , said students scurried for safety . When the campus lockdown was ordered , Knight was stuck with other students for several hours inside the library , she said . The university serves about 12,500 full-time students in Conway .	NEW : A fourth and final suspect has turned himself in , police say Student government , religious groups plan prayer vigils for students Two students killed , one wounded Sunday night , officials say Shooting prompted lockdown at University of Central Arkansas in Conway
Pensacola , Florida  CNN  -- The man who prosecutors said captained a team of masked men dressed as ninjas as they ambushed a Florida home has been found guilty on two counts of first-degree murder . A Escambia County jury determined Thursday evening that Leonard Gonzalez Jr. followed through on his plan and fatally shot Byrd and Melanie Billings in the couple 's master bedroom , as one of their nine special-needs children looked on . He was also found guilty of armed home-invasion robbery . During the trial , Gonzalez frequently conversed with his attorneys , shook his head and even smirked . He told Judge Nickolas Geeker that he did n't need to call any witnesses or testify on his own behalf , because "  the evidence speaks for itself . " And after the jury came out to ask a question during their four hours of deliberations , he said , "  I 've already been tried and convicted by the media . " But Gonzalez was stoic just before the verdict came in . Meanwhile , members of the Billings family cried in the courtroom , with Byrd 's and Melanie 's daughter Ashley Markham hugging prosecutors . Gonzalez nodded to the Billings family -- as he 'd done earlier Thursday -- after he was fingerprinted and led away . The jury of 11 women and one man deliberated for four hours before reaching the verdict . In that time , they requested to see a 14-minute surveillance video , culled from 16 cameras around the Billings house that were set up around the house to watch the nine special-needs children that the couple had adopted and were in the house of the time of the murder . One video showed a masked man -- who Frederick Thornton , a member of the group , identified as Gonzalez -- shooting Byrd Billings once in each leg . Another video showed a scene from a girl 's bedroom as a red van packed with people arrives outside the house . The girl gets up from bed as the masked men enter the house , then hides under the covers pretending to sleep after hearing the commotion nearby . The van was owned by Gonzalez . A camera was not in the master bedroom . But Thornton said that Gonzalez led the Billings ' couple into the room . And expert witnesseses showed how Gonzalez shot Byrd Billings once in the head and twice more as he lay face down on the floor , and then shot Melanie Billings through the head and chest . During closing arguments , Assistant State Attorney John Molchan painted an involved picture depicting Gonzalez as the ringleader who hatched the plan , formed the team , outfitted six other men with guns and clothes , then led them as they barged into the Billings ' large home in Beulah , Florida . He said Gonzalez was motivated by "  simple greed " -- pointing to testimony from the defendant 's wife that the family 's business , a karate school , had gone under and they had dwindling means to take care of their six children . Leonard Gonzalez knew Billings , who gave $ 5,000 to a self-defense charity he started , and he knew he had money , Molchan said . Gonzalez provided the all-black clothing , boots and guns and briefed the attackers prior to the invasion , according to Molchan . He said that Gonzalez also did "  all the talking -LSB- and -RSB- all the muscling " when the group entered the residence . "  The puzzle pieces all come together , and they prove an ugly story , " said Molchan . "  There is no doubt that Leonard Patrick Gonzalez is the man who had his finger ... on the trigger . " John Jay Gontarek , one of Gonzalez 's attorneys , criticized the state 's case as overly reliant on circumstantial evidence and two men , Rakeem Florence and Thornton , who confessed their involvement and named Gonzalez as the leader of the band of masked men and the shooter . Florence said there was no mention anyone would be killed until he overheard Gonzalez say he was "  going to kill somebody " minutes before they went to the house . Prosecutors called the testimony of the two -- who were age 16 and 19 , respectively , when the crime took place -- measured and reliable , and supported by the other evidence in the case . But both Florence and Thornton , who have pleaded guilty to second-degree murder for their roles , admitted first lying to family and law enforcement before changing their stories . "  They 're hanging their hat on the testimony of those admitted liars , " Gontarek said of the prosecution . DNA tests on the 9 mm pistol and bullet casings that killed the Billings ' couple did not conclusively point to Gonzalez , Gontarek pointed out . He said , too , that there was minimal effort to clean the alleged murder weapon . "  We do n't have to prove who the killer was , " Gontarek said . "  No matter how tragic this murder is , if you have one reasonable doubt , then you have a duty to return a verdict of not guilty . " Florence and Thornton testified that Gonzalez said they were after $ 13 million of money laundered from "  the Mexican mafia . " A small safe that was stolen and later found in the back yard of one of Gonzalez 's friends contained prescription medication , family documents and some jewelry . Two sources familiar with the investigation told CNN that a second safe at the home contained at least $ 100,000 . In final comments , Molchan reminded the jury of Gonzalez 's own words after he first spoke to police , when he reportedly said , "  I 'm in deep , I 'll take the heat . " "  The defense attorney labeled -LSB- Leonard -RSB- Gonzalez as being somewhat goofy , " said Molchan . "  Folks , he 's not goofy . He 's a murderer -- a plain , cold-blooded murderer . " The penalty phase in Gonzalez 's trial starts Friday morning , Judge Geeker said . In Session 's Jean Casarez and Nancy Leung contributed to this report .	NEW : A jury finds Leonard Gonzalez Jr. guilty of two counts of first-degree murder NEW : A stoic Gonzalez nodded to the victim 's family as he was led from the courtroom Gonzalez was accused of leading a group dressed as ninjas to rob a Florida couple Gonzalez had said he 's innocent , telling the judge , "  The evidence speaks for itself "
Havana  CNN  -- Church bells rang out Wednesday afternoon in Havana , marking a major moment in history -- Cuba and the United States are renewing diplomatic relations after decades of ice-cold tension . Word of the massive change was met with passionate opinions and some protests in the United States . And tearful celebrations erupted in the streets of the island after President Raul Castro announced the news in a televised address . But there was uncertainty and some anger amid the joy . Dissident Cuban blogger Yusnaby Perez tweeted that his neighbor asked him whether a change in U.S.-Cuban trade relations would mean that he could finally afford to buy meat . Other dissidents worried that their concerns will now be overlooked . Yoani Sanchez , a well-known Cuban blogger , decried what she described as a carefully plotted victory for the Castro regime in the swap of detained U.S. contractor Alan Gross for Cuban spies imprisoned in America . "  With the main obstacle for the re-establishment of diplomatic relations eliminated , the only unknown is the next step , " she wrote in a column for 14ymedio . com . "  Is the Cuban government planning another move to return to a position of force vis-a-vis the U.S. government ? Or are all the cards on the table this time , before the weary eyes of a population that anticipates that the Castro regime will also win the next move . " Even with the next steps unclear , happiness spread quickly through a market in the heart of Cuba 's capital , where crowds watched speeches from Castro and U.S. President Barack Obama announcing the news on TV screens . "  In the audience , " 14ymedio reported , "  many threw kisses to Obama and hugged each other . " Angry debates erupt in Miami In Miami , where the vast majority of the large population of Cuban exiles once fiercely opposed any change in the U.S. stance toward the island , reactions were split , mostly along generational lines . A rift over the embargo that political analysts have noted within the Cuban-American community was on full display . Angry debates erupted in the city 's Little Havana neighborhood between groups of younger demonstrators who said they supported Obama 's decision to exchange the prisoners and thaw diplomatic relations and older protesters who said they were opposed to the move . Outside the iconic Versailles Cafe , demonstrators shouted : "  Obama a coward ! Coward , coward , coward ! " One held a sign that read : "  Obama administration conspiracy with Castro terrorist . " One man stood with an American flag around his neck , smiling and proudly holding a sign with Obama 's face on it as other demonstrators yelled at him . A June poll by Florida International University found that more than half of Cuban-Americans surveyed in Miami support an end to the embargo and a solid majority of them also favor restoring diplomatic relations with Havana . Younger generations who immigrated more recently , analysts say , are more open to dialogue and have different priorities than older generations who came to the United States decades ago . George Davila told CNN en Español the time for change has come . "  I represent a generation of Cubans who are very interested in the future of Cuba . We think that the best days for Cuba have yet to come . And we think that in the end , the Cuban people need to stop being pieces in a game of chess , " he said . For decades , they were pawns in the Cold War standoff between the United States and the Soviets , he said . Then , he said , they became pawns in the U.S. election politics as candidates jockeyed for Florida 's 29 electoral votes and feared the political repercussions of reshaping U.S. policies toward Cuba . "  In the end , the 50 years of the embargo that we have had without having any type of dialogue with the Cuban government has not done anything to try to change the system , " he said . "  But it has allowed the Cuban government to manipulate this status in order to be able to justify its actions . " Natalia Martinez said she can sense a generational divide . "  Being a relatively recent Miami re-transplant , I think I have an optimistic view , " said Martinez of Roots of Hope , a nonprofit , nonpartisan organization based in Miami that helps students and young professionals in Cuba to their peers in the U.S. to share information through the Internet and other technologies . There 's value to how older Cuban-Americans feel , she said . But the conversation , she said , has shifted . "  It 's more focused on what we  Cuba and the U.S.  can agree on as opposed to the things we disagree on . " ' I do n't trust the Castro government ' Some older Cubans , many of them exiles in Miami , were decidedly angry about the news . A crowd quickly grew outside the Versailles Cafe , and hours before Obama addressed the nation to explain the release of Gross and the change in policy , many were fuming . While happy about Gross ' freedom , some said the price was too steep : the release of three Cuban intelligence agents convicted of espionage in 2001 , and a sweeping change in America 's diplomatic approach toward its communist neighbor . "  There is a long history here of people who have a lot of anger , people who have been hurt , " said John Losada , who 's been an exile since the 1960s . Miami Mayor Tomás Pedro Regalado , who came to the United States in the '60s , said he thinks Cuba will make more arrests and crack down even more on human rights after the United States changes its policy . The Castro government wo n't change its ways , he said . Miguel Saavedra , another exile , said there 's a practical issue to consider : 70 % of Cuban exiles "  do n't support business to Cuba , " he said . Easing relations with Cuba feels like a "  betrayal , " Felix Gonzalez told CNN on Wednesday . The 76-year-old Cuban-American came to the U.S. in 1961 and had come to Versailles for his morning coffee . "  I do n't trust the Castro government , " he said . "  I will never . " But others in the United States seemed cautiously optimistic . "  It was a huge surprise for me , " said Raúl Galván , a Cuban-American historian who also works for a public television station in Wisconsin . "  I know that they opened economic doors . But beyond that , we are still in a situation that is just beginning . There is a lot more to do still . " Galván , who 's lived in the United States since the 1960s , told CNN en Español he was grateful that Obama had taken the steps to thaw relations with the Cuban government , and interested to see what happens next . "  The Cuban side of me , " he said , "  is hoping that someday I can travel to Cuba freely . " Cuba Fast Facts CNN 's Patrick Oppmann reported from Havana , Alina Machado reported from Miami and Ashley Fantz reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed , Catherine E. Shoichet and Maria Santana and CNN en Español 's Jose Manuel Rodriguez and Camilo Egaña contributed to this report .	NEW : Report : People hugged watching Obama 's speech on televisions in a Havana market Church bells ring in Havana as Cuban president announces easing of relations with U.S. Some Cuban dissidents worry that their concerns will now be overlooked Angry debates erupt in Miami 's Little Havana neighborhood
CNN  -- To say I learn new things about London , England , every day is not an understatement . I am the chief cameraman in CNN 's London bureau and have lived in London since 1996 . I traveled so much for CNN the first few years that I only had a passing knowledge of the city . Then my wife and I had kids , so my knowledge became limited to mostly child-friendly pursuits . But as Samuel Johnson wrote , "  You find no man , at all intellectual , who is willing to leave London . No , sir , when a man is tired of London , he is tired of life ; for there is in London all that life can afford . " So I think most people learn something new nearly every day . CNN.com asked me these questions about my adopted hometown : Where can you get the best view of the city ? It used to be a number of different places , but the London Eye is now the best place to go , hands down . If you can , time it so you are on it as the sun is near to setting , because you just might catch the beautiful orange sunset hitting the clouds , if the weather is just right . Which restaurant would you take your loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? My wife , her family and I recently went to Petrus , one of Gordon Ramsay 's restaurants , and it was excellent . I would definitely try that one again . Where is the best place to people watch ? Probably Trafalgar Square . Not only can you watch people , but also there are fantastic views 360 degrees around you ! What is your favorite neighborhood ? Why ? Chiswick . It is very green , very suburban , it has a lot of nice restaurants on the high street and like lots of London , you often see celebrities strolling down the street . Colin Firth and the artist Peter Blake , who designed the Beatles ' Sgt. Pepper album cover , are two I have seen most recently . If I were to travel beyond my own area , Hampstead Heath and Greenwich are beautiful and green with lots of nice restaurants around . How do tourists stick out and what 's the best way to blend in ? London is so eclectic and because vast amounts of the people you will see are from somewhere else , it is hard to be tagged as a tourist . That said , if you are wearing an "  I  heart  London " sweatshirt , a backpack or a baseball cap with a still camera in your hand and are standing on the left-hand side of the escalator at a Tube station , you are DEFINITELY a tourist ! So avoid all those things and you will probably do well . Where do you go to relax ? Home , on my couch . I travel too much for anywhere else to be relaxing . Other than that , maybe one of the many , many parks around London with my family . What essential thing should visitors see/experience if they only have a few hours ? You ca n't do London in a few hours . If you have truly never been here before , the best thing to do is to get on a hop-on , hop-off open-top double-decker tourist bus to see the highlights and stop at what strikes your fancy . I would say walking from Trafalgar Square down Whitehall past Downing Street to the Houses of Parliament and then Westminster Abbey is a must . But the Tower of London is worth your time as well . You should spend all your time outside , but if it is raining , the museums in London are superior , generally free and a great way to pass several hours . What 's the biggest tourist trap ? Is there a "  tourist trap " that 's actually worth seeing ? Probably the biggest tourist trap is Madame Tussauds . It is fun to be photographed with the wax figures , but once you have been there one time , that is usually enough , at least for me . But it is worth going to once . London Dungeon is the other tourist place I am not sure I need to ever visit again . Fun and frightening once , but not necessary beyond that . What is a good local souvenir ? That is very hard to say , as everyone wants something different . I recently took a friend visiting around and she was looking for London snow globes . We found some in a souvenir shop after a long search . Where was your most memorable meal ? Pont Street in Knightsbridge at a restaurant named Drones . It has since closed , but I lived over it for a few months when I first got to London . It is where I proposed to my wife , and that would be my most memorable meal . Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? Probably one of the oddly named dishes like Toad in the Hole  sausages baked in Yorkshire pudding batter  or Spotted Dick  a classic English pudding  would be most appropriate , if only to take pictures of it and tell your friends back home . Barring that , I would suggest the British comfort food of mash and pie and a pint . The food in London is great , but there are some bad places to go , so do n't let one bad meal make you slur the whole city .	The London Eye offers the best views of the city , CNN cameraman says Gordon Ramsay 's restaurant Petrus is excellent for a special occasion Double-decker bus tours are a good way to get an overview of the city
CNN  -- Gay rights advocates in South Africa hailed a judge 's sentencing of four men to 18 years each in prison for brutally slaying a 19-year-old lesbian . Hatred fueled the 2006 stabbing and stoning of Zoliswa Nkonyana , who was targeted because of her sexual orientation , Magistrate Raadiya Whaten ruled . Four years ' credit was given to Lubabolo Ntlabathi , Sicelo Mase , Luyanda Londzi and Mbulelo Damba , meaning they will spend 14 additional years behind bars . "  The sentence sent a strong message that hate crimes would not be tolerated , " national prosecuting attorney spokesman Eric Ntabazalila told the South African Press Association . Gay rights advocates celebrated Wednesday 's ruling . "  It was the first time discrimination based on sexual orientation was named as an aggravating factor in a South African criminal trial , " the Triangle Project gay and lesbian rights group said in a written statement . Gay marriage is legal in South Africa , which was the first African nation to prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation . Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries , based on rules left over from the British colonial era , when sodomy laws were introduced . Despite South Africa 's anti-discrimination provisions , attacks based on sexual orientation persist , rights groups say . After interviews in six of South Africa 's nine provinces last year , New York-based Human Rights Watch concluded that "  social attitudes towards homosexual , bisexual , and transgender people in South Africa have possibly hardened over the last two decades . The abuse they face on an everyday basis may be verbal , physical , or sexual -- and may even result in murder " This week officials from another rights group said they hope this week 's sentencing will set a precedent across Africa . "  We hope that this message is heard loud and clear across the rest of the continent , where homophobic discrimination is widespread and where homosexuality is a crime , " the non-profit People Against Suffering , Oppression and Poverty said in a statement . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	A judge rules that killers targeted Zoliswa Nkonyana because of her sexual orientation Prosecutor 's spokesman : The sentence shows "  hate crimes would not be tolerated " Rights group : "  We hope that this message is heard loud and clear across the rest of the continent " Four men are sentenced to 18 years each in prison for the 2006 slaying
Brazilian coach Zico is leaving Turkish club Fenerbahce , after failing to reach an agreement over a new contract . Zico guided Fenerbahce to a league and Super Cup double intheir centenary year Fenerbahce recently suspended negotiations over a fresh deal with Zico because of reportedly high demands by the Brazilian . The Anatolia press agency published a club statement which said : "  The contract of Arthur Antunes Coimbra  Zico  has now come to an end . " We would like to thank him for the successful work he has done with the club , and wish him all the best for the future . " Last season Zico led Fenerbahce to the quarterfinals of the Champions League where they were defeated by Chelsea . Reports claimed that after that achievement Zico sought a new annual salary of $ 4.9 million . He has been earning $ 2.9 million . . Zico , 55 , joined the club in July 2006 on a two-year deal and he guided them to a league and Turkish Super Cup double in 2007 , their centenary year . Spanish media reports have said that Fenerbahce have lined up current Spain coach Luis Aragones as a replacement . Aragones has led Spain to the semifinals of the Euro 2008 finals	Coach Zico is leaving Turkish club Fenerbahce He has been unable to reach agreement over a new contract Media reports suggest that Spain coach Luis Aragones will replace him
Paris  CNN  -- France carries out mass surveillance of phone calls and e-mails in a program similar to the American one revealed by U.S. leaker Edward Snowden , a French newspaper has claimed . The program is run by France 's secret service , the Directorate General for External Security , and also is used by six other French intelligence services , national daily Le Monde alleged in a report late Thursday . It says it is able to prove that the agency "  systematically collects electromagnetic signals from computers or phones in France , and also collects flows between French and abroad : all our communications are spied on . " "  All e-mails , SMS , records of telephone calls , accesses to Facebook , Twitter , are then stored for years . " The newspaper 's report comes on the heels of wide European concern over the disclosures made by Snowden , a former U.S. National Security Agency contractor . EU envoys meet over claims of U.S. spying on European allies Documents he 's leaked to the media have led to allegations that the United States has been spying on its European allies as well as carrying out mass surveillance of telephone and Internet traffic . But Le Monde claims the French government 's response has betrayed its conflicting interests . "  If revelations on the U.S. spying system  PRISM  led to a chorus of indignation in Europe , France only showed weak signs of protest . For two excellent reasons : Paris already knew . And it does the same thing , " it said . Le Monde alleges that the French intelligence agencies ' use of this huge store of data is "  on the margin of legality , and beyond serious control " and that politicians who are aware of it turn a blind eye . It cites a parliamentary intelligence committee report from April in which it was said that "  since 2008 , progress has been made on the subject of sharing capacities , especially in the field of electromagnetic intelligence , led by the DGSE for the profit of the intelligence community . " The French government has not yet responded to several requests from CNN for comment . At about the same time the allegations were published by Le Monde , French Interior Minister Manuel Valls gave a speech to guests at a July 4 celebration at the U.S. Embassy in Paris in which he was critical of the alleged U.S. spying on its allies . Espionage has no place in relations between allied countries , said Valls , adding that they should depend on reciprocal confidence to maintain their alliance . The occasion of his remarks , as a guest of the U.S. Embassy , led some of his fellow countrymen to complain that he had overstepped proprieties . Valls declined to answer subsequent questions from reporters about the claims made in Le Monde . National Assembly lawmaker Jean-Jacques Urvoas , a member of the governing Socialist Party , questioned the accuracy of Le Monde 's report in his blog Friday , saying he did so "  because intelligence matters do not easily accommodate fantasies and inaccuracies . " "  While the legal framework concerning intelligence activities is indeed very incomplete , allowing our services to use wiretaps , the acquiring of technical data ... and limited access to files , the assertion that ` all of our communications are spied upon  and  stored for years ' does not quite match the reality that I know , " he wrote . Urvoas , who is president of the National Assembly 's law commission and a member of a parliamentary intelligence committee , said that the tools used by services to intercept the Internet communications of French citizens operate within a legal framework laid down in 1991 . "  French citizens are therefore not subject to uncontrolled , massive and constant espionage , " he wrote . Snowden is believed to have been holed up at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo International Airport since June 23 , having arrived there from Hong Kong . Opinion : Why we 're all stuck in the digital transit zone with Snowden CNN 's Jim Bittermann reported from Paris , while Laura Smith-Spark and Saskya Vandoorne wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Laura Richardson also contributed to this report .	France 's secret service snoops on phone calls and e-mails , Le Monde says E-mails , SMS , phone call , Facebook and Twitter data are stored , it says This explains France 's "  weak response " to reports of U.S. spying on Europe , it says
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton realistically ca n't win the title but the former world champion hopes to challenge powerhouse Sebastian Vettel at the Korean Grand Prix after posting the fastest practice times Friday . Hamilton 's time of one minute , 38.673 seconds in the second session in Yeongam was about one-tenth of a second quicker than Vettel , the triple reigning world champion who has captured the last two races in Korea . "  It 's the first time I can remember that second practice has really gone well for me , " Mercedes ' Hamilton was quoted as saying by Formula One 's website . "  We have n't changed anything but the day just went smoothly and all the processes with the team worked well . I love this track . " Vettel admitted there was "  some room for improvement " in his Red Bull . "  It will be close with Mercedes , " he told Formula One 's website . "  Of course we 're not sure what others were doing with their fuel loads today , but it seems close ahead of tomorrow 's qualifying . "  I like the track here , it 's a shame it 's so far from Seoul , which is a great city , but it 's good coming here as it 's quieter than some other races , which means we can focus on our job . " The only driver with half-a-chance of catching Vettel , Fernando Alonso , was a distant seventh in the second session . He trails Vettel by 60 points with a mere six races remaining and admitted this week he needed a comeback similar to Oracle Team USA 's in the America 's Cup sailing to overtake the German . But Alonso did n't sound optimistic Friday . "  There is every probability that , again here , we can expect to struggle in the race , " Ferrari 's Alonso told Formula One 's website . "  It wo n't be easy for us in performance terms , but we know that apart from that , we can do well on Sunday . Now , we must try and get the most out of what we have available and put everything together tomorrow and in the race . " Kimi Raikkonen , Alonso 's teammate next season , crashed in the first practice session but was unhurt . Autosport.com quoted the Finn as saying he would take action at the end of the season to fix a lingering back problem . "  It is not really surgery , but for sure we are probably going to do something , " said Raikkonen . "  I know what the issues are . "	Lewis Hamilton posts the fastest practice times ahead of the Korean Grand Prix Sebastian Vettel was about one-tenth of a second slower than Hamilton in the second session Vettel has won the last two races in Korea and is on course for a fourth world title in a row Fernando Alonso , second in the individual standings , came seventh in the second session
CNN  -- Vulgar comments , some laced with racial epithets . A physical attack . Threats to him and his family . All of this and more -- stretched out over a season and a half -- proved too much for Jonathan Martin , 24 , to bear , which is why he left the Miami Dolphins last week , his lawyer said . "  Jonathan endured harassment that went far beyond the traditional locker room hazing , " the attorney , David Cornwell , said in a prepared statement . " ... These facts are not in dispute . " The comments , through the intermediary , break a silence from the offensive lineman who walked out after an incident in the team 's cafeteria and has n't been back since , according to Dolphins head coach Joe Philbin . Days later , Miami suspended Richie Incognito , 30 , for conduct detrimental to the team . Rumors and news stories flew quickly in the days to come , including a well-publicized voice mail in which Incognito reportedly calls Martin a racial epithet and threatens his life . Richie Incognito , Jonathan Martin , and the NFL 's future Some also questioned the toughness of Martin , a Stanford University graduate who was in his second NFL season , especially as it came out that he might be seeking help for emotional issues . But Cornwell stressed : "  Jonathan Martin 's toughness is not an issue . " "  Jonathan started every game with the Miami Dolphins since he was drafted in 2012 , " he said of the second-round draft pick . "  At Stanford , he was the anchor for Jim Harbaugh 's ` smash mouth ' brand of football and he protected  then-Stanford , now Indianapolis Colts quarterback  Andrew Luck 's blind side . "  The issue is Jonathan 's treatment by his teammates . " Cornwell then outlined some of that treatment , including Martin 's reaction to it . Martin tried "  to befriend ... teammates who subjected him to the abuse with the hope that doing so would end the harassment " -- something that Cornwell called "  a textbook reaction of victims of bullying . " It did n't work , the lawyer said . Instead , there was more taunting , "  a malicious physical attack on him by a teammate and daily vulgar comments , " and a threat of a group sexual assault against Martin 's sister . "  Eventually , Jonathan made a difficult choice , " Cornwell said of Martin leaving the Dolphins . " ... Jonathan looks forward to getting back to playing football . In the meantime , he will cooperate fully with the NFL investigation . " Dolphins quarterback : Richie Incognito saw Jonathan Martin as ` little brother ' Martin on leave ; Incognito suspended That investigation is one part of the still evolving saga centered on Martin and Incognito , plus more generally on the Dolphins team and the culture in NFL locker rooms . Commissioner Roger Goodell has tapped veteran lawyer Ted Wells -- who participated in a 2012 investigation of alleged sexual abuse at Syracuse and one that led to the change this year in who heads the NBA players union -- to lead the NFL 's investigation . Cornwell , Martin 's lawyer , also has a lengthy background in sports and law . That includes five years working for the NFL , being part of a top sports agency and serving as a top official for the Upper Deck trading card and memorabilia company . Besides continuing to work in the Gordon & Rees law firm 's Sports , Media and Entertainment division out of Atlanta , Cornwell is also the executive director of the NFL Coaches Association , which represents "  the interests of nearly 500 assistant coaches , " according to his official profile . Cornwell did n't immediately return a CNN request for comment Friday on a potential conflict of interest , especially given a report from the Sun-Sentinel , a South Florida newspaper , that Miami coaches asked Incognito to toughen up Martin after the latter missed a voluntary workout . His client , Martin , is still on the Dolphins roster . Incognito is the lone player suspended as a result of this ordeal , though Cornwell 's statement alleges multiple players mistreated Martin . CNN reached out multiple times to Incognito but has n't received comment . But he did talk to CNN affiliate WSVN outside a doctor 's office in Weston , Florida , on Tuesday , saying , "  You know , I 'm just trying to weather the storm right now . And this will pass . " Incognito has a history of run-ins . They include a much-reported suspension from the University of Nebraska football team and his release by the NFL 's St. Louis Rams in December 2009 after an in-game argument with then-head coach Steve Spagnuolo . More recently , in 2012 , a volunteer at a golf tournament accused Incognito of inappropriately touching her with a golf club , according to a newly disclosed police report . No charges were filed , according to CNN affiliate WPLG-TV , which first obtained the police report . Richie Incognito , Jonathan Martin , and the NFL 's future Teammates : Martin , Incognito seemed close Cornwell 's comments about Martin seeking out friendships with some of his alleged tormenters did n't come from nowhere . Rather , it is an apparent explanation for why a man would appear friendly with the same people who were allegedly abusing him . Dolphins quarterback Ryan Tannehill said Wednesday that Incognito considered Martin a "  little brother " -- one who "  messed with him but ... was the first one to have his back in any situation . " And the closeness appeared to be mutual . "  I think if you had asked Jon Martin a week before who his best friend on the team was , he would have said Richie Incognito , " Tannehill said . On the field , Incognito would be "  the first guy to stand up for Jonathan , " the quarterback said . And "  outside of football , who was together ? Richie and Jonathan . " Describing Martin as a quiet guy who made a few jokes but was mostly business , Tannehill said "  there were no warning signs " that something like this -- which he called "  mind-blowing " -- was happening . Tyson Clabo , another member of Miami 's offensive line , similarly said he saw Incognito and Martin as buddies , not bully and victim . "  They hung out together , " Clabo said . "  They did a lot of stuff together . So if  Martin  had a problem with the way that  Incognito  was treating him , he had a funny way of showing it . " Dolphins owner Stephen Ross has publicly insisted that the team takes "  this situation seriously " and that he is "  committed to creating a professional  work  environment . " And Philbin , the club 's coach , says he 's ready to implement change if the NFL investigation finds his staff at fault . "  If this review reveals anything that needs to be corrected , " he said , "  we will take all necessary measures to fix it , to ensure that this does n't happen again . " CNN 's Ed Lavandera and Quand Thomas contributed to this report .	Lawyer : Martin 's "  treatment by his teammates " led to his leaving The "  harassment ... went far beyond the traditional locker room hazing " The lawyer alleges vulgar comments , "  a malicious physical attack " Martin tried to befriend the bullies , but it did n't help , the lawyer adds
CNN  -- A second Syrian teenager has been returned to his parents -- lifeless , battered and , according to activists , a victim of torture . A video released Thursday by activists includes a woman wailing as a body is unwrapped at the hospital in Daraa . "  My son , it 's my son , " the voice cries out . "  This scar here , I swear its my son , I stitched this cut on him when he was little . " The boy was identified as Tamer Mohammed al Sharey , 15 , who disappeared after an April 29 demonstration . He was from the same village as Hamza Ali al-Khateeb , 13 . Hamza 's killing has enraged , mobilized and emboldened the country 's opposition movement . Tamer was at the same demonstration Hamza attended , according to activists . Tamer 's body was one of 14 , including those of other children , that arrived at the hospital . In the video , voices curse Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . As several men clean Tamer 's thin frame , a bullet wound beneath the knee is clearly visible . As the camera moves to his head , a voice says , "  look at the signs of torture . " The teen 's face appears dark and discolored . An activist from Daraa told of marks on the boy 's body . He said he believes Tamer was tortured , possibly electrocuted . Children led Tamer 's funeral procession carrying banners reading , "  Tamer the martyred ... detained alive ... martyred after torture . " CNN can not independently verify what happened to Hamza or Tamer , or verify the authenticity of videos allegedly showing their remains . On a video posted on YouTube , the narrator points out multiple visible gunshots wounds to Hamza Ali al-Khateeb 's torso . His head appears bloated and purple , and the voice says the teen 's genitals were mutilated . Family members say Hamza got separated from his father in the chaos during demonstrations around Daraa , when protesters marched on the city to break the Syrian military siege and force the delivery of important supplies , such as medicine and milk for babies . Eyewitnesses at the time said that security forces indiscriminately opened fire on demonstrators . Dozens were killed and wounded , countless others detained , among them children . Several weeks ago , the family received Hamza 's body . Razan Zaitouneh , a prominent activist in hiding in Syria who CNN reached via Skype , said she has no doubt that the YouTube video of Hamza is real . And she believes that the regime had a message in releasing the boy 's body . "  They want the people to see this , they want the people to get scared , " Zaitouneh said . "  They want the people to know that there is no red line and anything , no matter how awful it is , could happen to their family members if they continue to participate in this revolution . " Syrian state TV recently ran a segment in which a person identified as the medical examiner in the case said the body 's injuries were sustained when Hamza was alive , but there was no evidence on the surface of the body that the boy had been subjected to torture , violence or retaliation . Syria TV also said al-Assad met with members of Hamza 's family . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Activists say second Syrian teenager has been tortured and killed Tamer Mohammed al Sharey , 15 , disappeared at a demonstration Tamer was from the same village as Hamza Ali al-Khateeb , 13 CNN can not verify claims or authenticate videos of the teens
CNN  -- How powerful is your brain ? Take this informal test , developed by Dr. Abbie F. Salny of Mensa , to see if you 're among the mental elite . Then click here to see how well you did . 1 . What is the 5-digit number in which the first , third and last digits are the same , the first digit is four less than the second , the last is four less than the fourth and the second and fourth are the same ?  Hint : The sum of all the digits is 33 . 2 . Boris Smetana and Karl Smith were world-class chess champions . In one series of matches , each won every game . How ? 3 . Nicole was sure she got the right answer when her botany teacher asked her to pick out the plant that was not a tree from the list below . Which one would you choose ? Peach , plum , walnut , linden , banana 4 . Six bricklayers can lay 24 bricks in half an hour . How many bricks can 12 bricklayers lay in two hours ? 5 . What is the number that is one more than one-tenth of one-fifth of one-half of 4,000 ? 6 . In a pie-eating contest , Alice was neither first nor last , but she beat Evan . Ben beat Alice . Carol beat Dan who beat Ben . Who was last ? 7 . What letter would logically complete the series below ? A Z B Y C X D W E ? 8 . Jim had a small baseball card collection . All but five were signed , all but five were rookie cards , and all but five were less than 10 years old . What is the minimum number of cards he could have had ? 9 . Start with the number of lives a cat reputedly has , multiply by the number of stitches saved by a stitch in time and add 10 . What is the answer ? 10 . What is the 11-letter word that all smart people spell incorrectly ? Click here for the answers .	Take an informal quiz designed by Mensa to test your brain power If you get 9 of the 10 questions right , you may be Mensa material Click here for the answers
Washington  CNN  Conservative momentum to oust John Boehner from House leadership during Tuesday 's election for speaker continued to build through the weekend , with two alternatives emerging and a national conservative group joining the effort . On Monday , Virginia Rep.-elect Dave Brat became the latest to confirm his intention to vote against Boehner for speaker . On Sunday night , Arizona Rep. Paul Gosar and Iowa Rep. Steve King also came out opposed to Boehner . In an op-ed published on Breitbart.com , King outlined a litany of complaints with the Speaker , arguing Boehner has n't done enough to oppose President Barack Obama 's signature health care law or the President 's executive action on immigration and pointing to passage of the recent government funding bill , which tackled neither , as evidence . Leadership aides , however , remain confident that Boehner will hold onto his position as the top Republican in the House . Conservatives need to gather nearly 30 lawmakers opposed to him to force a second round of voting in the race . But the developing coup attempt is the latest reminder for the Ohio Republican that conservatives remain a troublesome and unpredictable force in his caucus that can cause public embarrassment if not out-and-out regime change . "  We need a Speaker who will help us all keep our oath , including his own , to the Constitution , not one who has consistently blocked our efforts to keep ours . I will vote for an alternative candidate for Speaker , " King wrote . Those frustrations are shared by many of his fellow conservatives , and the passage of the cromnibus last month pushed already simmering tensions with Boehner to a boiling point . And it threatens to start things off on precisely the wrong foot for Republicans as they take full control of Congress and seek to prove to Americans they 're the party that can govern in time for 2016 . There are at least 10 lawmakers who have publicly said they 'll oppose Boehner or vote "  present " in the election for speaker . GOP Reps. Ted Yoho of Florida and Louie Gohmert of Texas both offered themselves up as alternatives to Boehner this weekend , after two prominent conservatives in the House -- Rep. Jim Bridenstine of Oklahoma and Thomas Massie of Kentucky -- came out publicly opposed to him . North Carolina Rep. Walter Jones , an early organizer of the effort to unseat Boehner , told a local North Carolina paper that he plans to support Rep. Daniel Webster of Florida , whose name will also be offered as an alternative to Boehner on Tuesday . "  I want us to have a leader who is willing to stand up for conservative , religious principles I believe in . It is to make a statement and it 's based on many months of consideration , " Jones said . National conservative group FreedomWorks has launched a national campaign in support of the effort , urging its members to call their lawmaker and tell them to vote against the Ohio Republican as speaker . And Bridenstine launched a short-lived website pitching Gohmert as speaker that included endorsements from both himself and Massie for the Texas Republican , which was soon after wiped of its content . Still , none of the lawmakers who have offered themselves as potential alternatives are favorites of the far-right . Other prominent conservatives , including Fox News host Sean Hannity , have offered Rep. Trey Gowdy up for the job , but Gowdy has declined . A coup attempt orchestrated by many of the same lawmakers two years ago fell short of the votes needed to force a second ballot , with only a dozen conservatives voting against Boehner . And since then , many of those have expressed a change of heart , coming out in support of the Ohio Republican as Speaker -- including prominent conservative Reps. Mick Mulvaney , Tim Huelskamp and Raul Labrador . But conservatives say they 're confident now that alternative options have stepped forward , they can corral the needed votes to at least force the election to a second ballot , where they hope Boehner will drop out of the race . They also note that many members of the freshman class promised to vote against Boehner on the campaign trail -- including Dave Brat , the Republican who ousted former Majority Leader Eric Cantor in a primary -- and are looking to them to round out their numbers . On Monday morning , Brat stood by that promise , also in an op-ed on Breitbart . It 's unclear what efforts leadership has undertaken to whip support for the speaker . Colorado Rep.-elect Ken Buck , the GOP freshman class president , said he has n't heard from the speaker -- but he has heard from Boehner 's opponents . "  I have not talked to anybody in the Speaker 's office . I have not talked to the Speaker . I have not heard that he is reaching out to anybody in the freshman class , " Buck told CNN in an interview Monday . "  On the other end , I have received some calls . " Daniel Horowitz , a conservative strategist and editor of ConservativeReview.com , said that the situation is "  very fluid " but expressed cautious optimism . "  This is a much more robust effort than any of us ever hoped , " he said . He noted , however , that "  things could still fall apart " in the final day before the election , and that he expects Boehner and his allies are applying heavy pressure on the incoming freshmen to make sure they fall in line . Following the last coup attempt , a handful of the members who voted against Boehner were removed from their positions on plum House committees . This time around , conservatives say they 're not worried about punishment . Yoho said on Monday during an interview on Fox News that "  I fear no man . " "  There should not be any retribution . We 're doing what my voters want me to do , " he said . But he promised to support whomever eventually wins the election for speaker -- at least for the next session . "  I 'll go up to 'em , I 'll thank 'em and I 'll tell 'em , you 're the speaker for the next two years , and I look forward to working with you to solve America 's problems , " he said . PUBLICLY OPPOSED TO BOEHNER  10 Rep. Louie Gohmert  R-Texas  * Rep. Ted Yoho  R-Fla .  * Rep. Jim Bridenstine  R-Okla .  * Rep. Thomas Massie  R-Ky .  * Rep. Walter Jones  R-N.C .  * -- Has been whipping votes against Boehner and says he 'll back Florida Rep. Daniel Webster instead Rep. Steve King  R-Iowa Rep. Paul Gosar  R-Ariz . Rep. Marlin Stutzman  R-Ind .  -- Bridenstine says he 's been told Stutzman will vote against Boehner Rep.-elect Dave Brat Rep.-elect Gary Palmer  R-Ala .  -- Expressed regret for his opposition to Boehner on the campaign trail , but said he was committed to at least voting "  present " POTENTIAL NO VOTES : Rep. Daniel Webster  R-Fla . Rep. Justin Amash  R-Mich .  * Rep. Steve Pearce  R-N.M.  * ELECTED REPUBLICANS WHO 'VE OPPOSED BOEHNER WHILE CAMPAIGNING : Rep.-elect Jody Hice  R-Ga . Rep.-elect Barry Loudermilk  R-Ga . Rep.-elect John Ratcliffe  R-Texas OPPOSED BOEHNER IN 2013 BUT CHANGED MIND SINCE Rep. Tim Huelskamp  R-Kan . Rep. Raul Labrador  R-Idaho Rep. Mick Mulvaney  R-S.C . * Voted against Boehner for speaker in 2013	There are 10 lawmakers who 've committed to voting against Boehner , or voting "  present " Leadership aides say they remain confident Boehner will hold his position as speaker Reps. Ted Yoho and Louie Gohmert have offered themselves as alternatives
New York  CNN  -- A Berlin-bound United Airlines flight returned Saturday night to Newark Liberty International Airport after a problem developed in the left engine , officials said . Eyewitnesses reported seeing flames spewing from engine right after the plane took off . A tire blew during takeoff and flew into an engine , FBI spokeswoman Barbara Woodruff said . The Federal Aviation Administration said it could not confirm that . Flight 96 , with 173 passengers and crew , circled the airport and burned fuel before landing at 8:05 p.m. , according to the FAA . United described it as a "  mechanical issue . " Potential FAA cuts would create big hassles for fliers The crew of the Boeing 757 reported a problem after it left New Jersey for Berlin , said FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen . The engine was operating properly before it landed , she told CNN . Eyewitness Keisha Thomas , who was traveling on the New Jersey Turnpike , said she witnessed fireballs near a wing shortly after the plane took off . Thomas heard a loud sound , describing it as "  pow , pow , pow . " Djenaba Johnson-Jones , who lives across the river from the airport , said she heard an unusual noise and saw fire , but not smoke , coming from the aircraft 's left engine . Eyewitness Dennis Ostolaza said he heard a "  propeller sound " akin to a military helicopter as the plane gained altitude after takeoff , with "  black smoke and fire spitting out of the engine . " The flight left the gate at 5:53 p.m. ; witnesses reported seeing the engine flames shortly before 6:30 p.m. Recovered wreckage fails to solve case of missing pilot Man : Airline treated me like a pedophile Airline asks passengers for gas money CNN 's Julia Greenberg , Ross Levitt and Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	Plane returns safely to Newark airport Witnesses report fire in engine United flight was taking off for Berlin FBI : Piece of tire flew into Boeing 757 engine
Three days after Hillary Clinton said businesses do n't create jobs , she cleaned up the remark , part of a critique of trickle-down economics , explaining she had "  shorthanded this point the other day . " Friday at a campaign rally for Massachusetts Democratic gubernatorial candidate Martha Coakley , the former secretary of state told the crowd , "  Do n't let anybody tell you that it 's corporations and businesses that create jobs , " going on to say trickle-down economics "  has failed rather spectacularly . " Republicans seized on the sentence , seemingly made for an anti-Hillary Clinton campaign ad . America Rising , the main anti-Clinton super-PAC , is featuring it on the header of its website . On Monday at a campaign event for New York Rep. Sean Maloney , a former aide to President Bill Clinton , Clinton went for a do-over , saying , "  Let me be absolutely clear about what I 've been saying for a couple of decades : Our economy grows when businesses and entrepreneurs create good-paying jobs here in an America where workers and families are empowered to build from the bottom up and the middle out -- not when we hand out tax breaks for corporations that outsource jobs or stash their profits overseas . " It 's the second time Clinton has struggled to speak fluently in the economic vernacular of her party . In early June , during her book tour , Clinton made a major gaffe when she said , "  We came out of the White House not only dead broke , but in debt , " a comment that critics cited as evidence she is out of touch with everyday Americans . 7 things Hillary Clinton says at almost every speech Her comment that businesses do n't create jobs stood out even more at an event where Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , a populist poster child , also spoke . Though Clinton has not committed to a presidential run in 2016 , she is far and away the front-runner in polls and her comments are analyzed as if she 's a candidate . Her quick cleanup of the comments reflects concern about the potential for lasting damage from missteps while discussing economic issues , a pitfall that helped sink Mitt Romney 's run for the presidency in 2012 . "  I 'm not concerned about the very poor . ... I 'm concerned about the heart of America , the 95 % of Americans who are right now struggling , " Romney , then a candidate , said in February 2012 . Democrats seized on those remarks as out of touch . Republicans were chagrined Romney did n't talk about economically boosting all Americans . Later , in September 2012 , once Romney was the Republican nominee , a recording of him speaking at a closed fundraiser was leaked to the media . In it he was heard saying , "  There are 47 % of the people who will vote for the President no matter what , " describing those voters as "  dependent upon government , who believe that they are victims , who believe the government has a responsibility to care for them , who believe that they are entitled to health care , to food , to housing , to you-name-it . "	Clinton : "  Do n't let anybody tell you that it 's corporations and businesses that create jobs " Republican critics seize on the comment , made at a Massachusetts campaign rally Clinton says she aimed to blast "  tax breaks for corporations that outsource jobs "
CNN  -- The sun is not yet up over Singapore 's Kranji Racecourse but Michael Freedman 's day has already started . "  Most days I 'm up just before 5 o'clock , " the genial Australian explains . "  I get to the stables just before half past five and the track opens at 6 o'clock . It 's a little different to how they do it back home or in Europe but we have to start early because of the heat here . " The heat is just one of challenges faced by racehorse trainers working in the tropical climes of Singapore . Humidity is in the range of 70 -- 80 % , while thunderstorms are an almost daily occurrence . "  It 's a three shower a day city , " jokes Freedman , who came to Singapore from his native Australia in 2008 . "  It 's a lot hotter here , the horses sweat a lot more , so you do make subtle adjustments to counter that . " Freedman is the youngest of four brothers , all successful trainers in Australia . "  My brothers and I have been involved -LSB- in training -RSB- for 25 or 30 years . I was part of a partnership with them until recently when the opportunity came up to set up here and train under my own name . " It meant transplanting his wife and three children -- triplets -- to a new country ; a gamble that seems to have paid off : "  My wife loves it here and my kids are very happy . You just need to adjust to the way things are done here -- and sometimes they 're done a bit differently ! " Freedman arrived with a small team and immediately made an impact on the Singapore scene . In contrast to Australia , where racing takes place six or seven days a week , Kranji hosts two cards a week , on Friday evenings and on Sundays . During the rest of the week the course doubles as a training ground for the 27 trainers and around 1,100 horses that are based here . Every morning before sunrise , a gaggle of trainers can be found watching through binoculars from the viewing deck as their charges are put through their paces under the floodlights . As many as 30 to 40 horses may be on the track at any one time . After completing their laps , the thoroughbreds return to the yard , drenched in foamy white sweat , from where their grooms take them back to their air-conditioned stables . The majority of the horses here are sourced from overseas and shipped to the island nation as yearlings . "  There are some from Argentina and a few from the UK and other parts of the world but the bulk of them come from Australia and New Zealand , because there 's no breeding industry in Singapore . "  Once they 've been here for 12 months they 're considered ` local . ' " An important distinction : the Gold Cup , Singapore 's most prestigious race and the third leg of the Singapore ` Triple Crown ' , is only open to ` local ' horses . "  The Gold Cup is everything in terms of Singapore racing . It 's a time honored race . It 's a race that any trainer or owner or jockey would aspire to win so if we were lucky enough for that to happen on Sunday that 'd be huge for us , for sure . It 's not easy to win . I ran fourth in it last year . "  They race left handed , as we always do here . It 's on the turf track and it 's over 2,200 m under handicap conditions so that makes it a very open race . My main chance , Always Certain , will be carrying top weight on Sunday which will make his job difficult but I 've got a lot of faith in his ability . " As if on cue the dawn sky is ruptured by a flash of lightning , briefly rendering the floodlights redundant as the track is illuminated by white light . The horses , accustomed to the vagaries of the Singaporean climate , do not miss a stride . "  That would be our daily thunderstorm . And when it rains here it really rains : we 've had two or three inches of rain here in the space of 20 minutes . Usually the rain comes and goes very quickly -- you do n't often see rain sort of settling in for an entire day here . We get some pretty amazing storms here so you just work in and around it . " ` Working around it ' and making adjustments is something Freedman has learned to do with aplomb since he decided to crack Singaporean racing . In a sport of few certainties , it would perhaps be fitting if the master of reinvention , the adaptable Australian who arrived in Singapore a little under four years ago , captured his first Gold Cup with Always Certain on Sunday .	Australian Michael Freedman has become a leading trainer in Singapore Freedman has had to adapt the horse racing scene in Singapore Heat and humidity the biggest challenges Freedman hopes to train winner in prestigious Singapore Gold Cup
CNN  -- Forecasters say the United Kingdom will remain in the grip of bitter winter weather through at least Monday . "  Heavy snow showers Sunday will affect northeast England and eastern parts of Scotland as a snow system comes in off the North Sea , " said Met Office Special Forecaster Tony Burgess . "  Southern England should not see much snow Sunday , Heathrow and Gatwick will hopefully improve , and northern Ireland will see a bit of respite , " he said . Burgess added that another series of weather systems will move into the area , warning , "  There is another risk of -LSB- heavy snow -RSB- across England and south Wales on Monday . " A spokesman for Heathrow airport operator BAA told CNN , "  We have a team working very hard around the clock to do everything to prepare the airport for operation . " BAA is sending similar information out as Twitter messages . Frigid temperatures and extreme conditions continued to pummel Europe Saturday . Snow , ice and fog have caused travel chaos ahead of a busy holiday travel week . From Northern Ireland to Bulgaria , blizzard conditions left airports with heavy delays or shut them entirely . London 's Heathrow and Gatwick airports closed all runways Saturday afternoon because of heavy snow and ice , though Gatwick reopened at 3 p.m. after clearing 4 inches of snow from the tarmac . Despite the reopening , the airport warned of "  inevitable " delays and cancellations throughout the day . British Airways canceled all Saturday domestic and European flights at Heathrow . On Saturday night the airport announced it would be closed indefinitely . All easyJet and British Airways flights -- with the exception of a flight to Egypt -- were canceled out of Gatwick as well . Police closed several access roads surrounding the airports due to dangerous driving conditions . The delays and cancellations extended across Europe -- to Amsterdam , the Netherlands ; Geneva , Switzerland ; Munich , Germany ; Paris , France ; and Copenhagen , Denmark . Heavy snowfall also forced the closing of Hungary 's Budapest Ferihegy International Airport on Saturday . It had reopened by 4:30 p.m. . The relentless weather caused approximately 250 flights to be cancelled and thousands of passengers stranded at Amsterdam 's Schiphol airport on Friday , according to airport spokeswoman Antoinette Spaans . "  We are expecting more delays due to weather conditions , " Spaans said Saturday . "  The most delays and cancellations are expected to affect air traffic within Europe , " she added . Katherin Kujit and her husband spent four hours at Schiphol and still did n't make their flight . "  Some people seemed very calm , but many were agitated , " Kujit said . "  You could not sit , suitcases everywhere . People squashed closely together because they do n't want to lose 4 inches in line . " They eventually gave up and booked a Monday flight to the United States . Ireland braced for an icey Saturday as the Irish Meteorological Service , Met Eireann , forecast widespread frost , ice and freezing fog for the morning , and some sleet and snow showers for later in the day . Temperatures were expected to drop down to between 4 and 8 degrees Celsius below zero  between 18 degrees and 25 degrees Fahrenheit  Saturday night . Northern Ireland was blanketed at the end of this week with its worst snowfall in 25 years , according to CNN affiliate TV3 . The government issued emergency snow warnings Friday night , and more snow was expected Saturday . The Police Service of Northern Ireland warned motorists to avoid treacherous roads and travel "  only if absolutely necessary . " A British Airways flight from Boston and bound for London 's Heathrow airport was flying over Ireland when passengers looking at their seat-back video screens noticed the map showed their plane making a U-turn . The aircraft later landed in Reykjavik , Iceland . Passengers alternately groaned and laughed when airline officials told them they had no idea when the flight to the United Kingdom could continue . At Frankfurt Airport Saturday approximately 240 flights were canceled and delays are expected to continue , according to airport officials . Airport personnel worked frantically Saturday morning to de-ice airplanes and return the airport to full operations , Ross said . He added that while about 3,000 passengers were stranded Friday , after having passed through passport control , the situation has improved Saturday and that stranded passengers were provided food and water for the wait . Travelers were experiencing similar delays in Berlin . "  Our holiday plans seem to be on the verge of being frozen for now , " said Arundhati Banerjee of the United Kingdom , who was stranded at the airport . Meanwhile in Bulgaria , the eastern part of the country has been under snow for three days , with accumulation at nearly 1 meter  40 inches  in some areas , according to CNN affiliate bTV . The main highway , airport and port in Varna , Bulgaria , were closed Friday for several hours . Four regions in Bulgaria -- Silistra , Dorbich , Varna and Burgas -- elevated the weather advisory , and the country was still expecting heavy snowfall and strong winds , bTV 's website said . Many roads remain closed , and town and villages were without water or electricity . In Belgium , the weather forced truck drivers to spend a freezing night in their cabs after authorities banned trucks over seven tons from travelling on icy roads . Italy 's ANSA news agency reported that two people had died because of the bad weather -- a truck driver who was killed in a car accident and a man who died of a heart attack while cleaning up snow outside his house . Hundreds of passengers were stranded in Florence , Italy , after snow and ice stopped high-speed trains from entering the city 's train station , the agency said . In northeastern Greece near Macedonia , heavy snowfall mid-week caused massive problems on several highways , where snowchains were declared mandatory , according to national news Athens News Agency . Meteorologists say the cold weather is caused by a negative phase of the Arctic Oscillation , which means that cold Arctic air is flowing into southern latitudes that are normally much warmer . Forecasters do n't expect conditions to change anytime soon . The next wave of snowy weather is expected to bring up to 20 centimeters  8 inches  to some parts of the U.K. , with London expected to receive 5 to 10 centimeters  2 to 4 inches  of snow . The weather system will move across France and Germany on Saturday night and Sunday . Below-normal temperatures are expected to continue in northern Europe into the beginning of next week . CNN 's Kathryn Tancos , Mila Sanina , Boriana Milanova , Hada Messia , Per Nyberg , Peter Taggert and Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	NEW : A UK forecaster predicts heavy snow will affect parts of England through Monday Heathrow airport is closed indefinitely 240 flights are canceled in Frankfurt , Germany Airports across Europe are experiencing significant delays
CNN  -- Hugely successful and often controversial , Glenn Beck is a man full of complexities . He points the finger in his new book "  Cowards " but calls for "  Restoring Love " in his upcoming rally . He jokes about being "  Unelectable " on his comedy tour , but his new studio in Dallas includes a replica Oval Office for his mock presidential addresses . Now , the media mogul is dropping his name from the online TV network based on his personal brand . GBTV will be merged with TheBlaze.com , the Beck-owned but independently operated news and opinion website . The entire network will be called TheBlaze . "  I did n't like the name GBTV from the very beginning for a couple of reasons , " Beck said in an exclusive interview with CNN.com . "  One , it 's a little egocentric , and two , it 's television , which does n't describe necessarily what we do . " Beck and Chris Balfe , president and COO of Mercury Radio Arts  Beck 's company  , said they planned to change the name once the online streaming network was more established but the early success of GBTV precipitated an earlier name change . The latest estimate is that GBTV has more than 300,000 subscribers . While the numbers are strong , that is still a significant reduction from Beck 's nightly audience when he worked at Fox News and talked to millions on the traditional media outlet . "  We are out of the comfort zone for a lot of Americans , " said Beck of GBTV . The online network that airs Beck 's program also has shows such as "  Real News , " a news roundtable show ; "  The B.S. of A , " a comedy show ; "  Liberty Treehouse , " a children 's program ; and "  Independence USA , " a reality show . Much more programming is on the way , and it will soon become a 24/7 channel . TheBlaze.com launched in August 2010 and now claims more than 7 million unique visitors a month . Already before the merger , the Beck empire was increasingly falling under the "  Blaze " moniker , including a print magazine . "  From a management perspective , what we 're doing is bringing together what are the all-stars from both groups into one team , " said Balfe . That all-star team includes some unlikely executives who have joined the Beck team . There 's Betsy Morgan , formerly CEO of The Huffington Post and before that an executive at CBS News . There 's Joel Cheatwood , formerly a senior vice president at CNN and Fox News . Also Kraig Kitchin , formerly founder of Premiere Radio Networks , and Carolyn Polke , who was a consultant at Accenture . Another notable part of TheBlaze.com is its clear non-Beckness . "  If you just look at the comments section , there are people who read the Blaze all the time but hate my guts , " said Beck . But it 's more than that -- one of the most memorable and talked about series of articles on TheBlaze.com was a meticulous debunking of the James O'Keefe NPR videos , which claimed to show an NPR executive denigrating the Tea Party , that ran on an Andrew Breitbart-associated website . The series garnered strong praise from places such as long-time Beck nemesis Media Matters . "  Hopefully some of them will discover TheBlaze TV , will discover Glenn 's show , and decide that they want to watch , " said Balfe . "  Others will discover other things on TheBlaze TV which they might like more . " If people were surprised by the takedown of the O'Keefe video , Beck says it 's because they do n't remember who he was before his Fox News days . "  I think that 's people forgetting who I was and what I was saying when I was on CNN before Barack Obama , " said Beck , who was a Headline News host from 2006 to 2008 . "  I was one of the hardest-hitting conservatives on George W. Bush . Republicans did n't like me on George W. Bush . Republicans still do n't like me on many things . If any Republican thinks I 've been hard on Mitt Romney or Newt Gingrich or any of these guys , wait until Mitt Romney gets into office . I 'll hold his feet to the fire just as much . " Beck : As we shrink government , grow giving Of course , it may be the Fox News days that people remember , when he 'd assign labels such as fascist , communist and radical to those , mostly on the left , with whom he disagreed , often with the tone of impending doom  and chalkboards  . Beck agrees that the polarization and ratcheted-up rhetoric is bad for the country , but was he part of the problem in the first place ? "  Nobody ever , ever gives me credit for the times I 've said on the air ` the president is right on this , did this right ' or ` the media is unfair by trying to say this about the president , ' or ` the right is unfair . ' I bet I do that at least once a month . " But what about calling Barack Obama a "  coward " in his new book ? "  Sometimes the truth hurts , " said Beck . "  And if you 'd read the book ` Cowards , ' you 'd see President Obama is not the only one , and it 's certainly not a Republican and Democrat book . It is a human problem . Cowardice is a human problem . " While Beck is n't outwardly supporting either of the two major candidates in the 2012 election , he does have a prediction . "  If things would remain stable , I would say we are looking at a loss for the president around the size of , if not greater than , Jimmy Carter , " he said . "  Americans are tired . They are tired of the finger-pointing . They are tired of the excuses . They 're tired of it on both sides . " Beck is someone who constantly talks about truth . TheBlaze.com 's tagline is "  the truth has no agenda " while GBTV currently uses "  the truth lives here . " Explaining his ideology , Beck described it as "  people should be free , people should be unencumbered by regulation as much as possible , that big government always goes corrupt and the truth shall always set you free . " It 's this philosophy that seeps into his plans for the independence of the new , merged TheBlaze TV : "  We have to tell the truth and let the chips fall where they may . " Trust comes into play in another area of the Beck empire , arguably where he has his most power and is at his most contentious : radio . Last week it was announced that Beck signed a new five-year deal with Premiere Networks , reportedly estimated at $ 100 million . Is he worth it ? And what is it about the show that makes it worth one the biggest contracts on radio ever ? "  The strength of the show is the listeners , and the bond I have with the listeners , " said Beck . "  They are some of the smartest , unforgiving people . They mean what they say and say what they mean . ... The biggest thing we have going for us is we 've always tried to shoot straight with the audience , we 've always tried to hold ourselves to our own standards , and part of those standards is we do n't waste anyone 's time . " With GBTV gone and TheBlaze TV taking over , Beck is n't done . The change is one part of a new plan , which he 's dropped some hints about recently , to focus on inserting conservatism into the mainstream cultural landscape . "  A country is made not by policy alone , but by its music , its entertainment shows , all of it , " said Beck . That plan may get mainstream acceptance like GBTV has . Recently , talent agent Ari Emanuel , certainly not a fan of Beck 's politics , praised the network as a "  model " for the media . It could also face mainstream derision as some of Beck 's radio proclamations do , but it likely will get an audience talking . "  Change is not bad , " said Beck . "  We are on the threshold of something I think is as powerful as the Industrial Revolution was , except this one will happen in a very short period of time . ... Whether we 're the ones to -LSB- revolutionize media -RSB- or we 're just the ones who happen to be the first on the scene , I do n't know . But we 're moving forward because the media revolution has begun . " It 's another complexity in the Beck world . While the message is about "  restoring " conservative values of the past , the delivery model is revolution , and the future .	Glenn Beck 's online TV network merging with TheBlaze.com Beck says people do n't remember who he was before his Fox News days "  Cowardice is a human problem , " he says Beck on Mitt Romney if he wins : "  I 'll hold his feet to the fire "
CNN  -- The International Olympic Committee  IOC  confirmed Tuesday it intends to refer the latest allegations of corruption involving officials of world football 's governing body FIFA , to its ethics commission . According to a report by the BBC , Issa Hayatou -- who is a long-term IOC member , the FIFA vice president and the president of the Confederation of African Football  CAF  -- accepted $ 15,000 as a bribe in 1995 from a marketing company . The IOC responded to the claim by requesting the evidence the British broadcaster had gathered on the African executive for further analysis . "  The IOC has taken note of the allegations made by -LSB- the -RSB- BBC and will ask the program makers to pass on any evidence they may have to the appropriate authorities , " the body said in a statement to CNN . "  The IOC has a zero tolerance against corruption and will refer the matter to the IOC ethics commission , " the statement added . Cameroonian Hayatou was one of three FIFA officials -- including Nicolas Leoz from Paraguay and Ricardo Teixeira from Brazil -- who were named by the BBC as having taken bribes from the ISL marketing company who went onto secure valuable World Cup rights in the 1990s . All three are due to cast votes to decide which nations will play host to the 2018 and 2022 World Cups in a ballot at FIFA headquarters on December 2 . Hayatou said Tuesday that he was considering legal action over the BBC claims . He told Press Association Sport : "  This money was not for me it was for the 40th anniversary of CAF . "  At that time ISL was the sponsor of CAF and they give the money to CAF and not to me , and the executive committee of CAF accepted it and approved it . " The latest developments follow the suspension of two other FIFA executive members in November -- Amos Adamu of Nigeria and Tahiti 's Reynauld Temarii -- after allegations by British newspaper the Sunday Times that both had accepted bribes for their vote . In contrast to the IOC 's stance , FIFA said that it would be taking no further action . "  The investigation and the case are definitely closed , " it said in a statement Tuesday , adding that the allegations had already been investigated by Swiss authorities . "  In its verdict of 26 June 2008 , the criminal court of Zug had not convicted any FIFA officials . "  It is therefore important to stress again the fact that no FIFA officials were accused of any criminal offence in these proceedings . " England 's 2018 bid team , who have been concerned that the fall-out from the corruption allegations would damage their chances of hosting the World Cup , claimed the program was "  an embarrassment to the BBC . " Worried about a backlash from FIFA members , the bid team wanted the BBC to delay the broadcast until after Thursday 's decision , but their plea was refused . "  We stand by our previous position that the BBC 's Panorama did nothing more than rake over a series of historical allegations none of which are relevant to the current bidding process , " it said in a statement Tuesday . Michel Platini , the president of European football governing body UEFA , offered England some comfort . "  I do n't think this  program  will have an effect , no , " he told gathered reporters after a UEFA meeting in Zurich Monday . But he added : "  I think what may affect the decision is the atmosphere going back a long time and what people have been writing about FIFA in the British press for many years . " The 22 members of FIFA 's executive committee will be choosing between bids from England , Russia and joint bids by Spain-Portugal and Netherlands-Belgium to decide who will host the 2018 World Cup . Australia , the United States , Japan , Qatar and South Korea are bidding for 2022 .	The IOC confirms it will pursue the latest allegations of corruption involving FIFA officials FIFA vice president Issa Hayatou is also an IOC member Hayatou is alleged to have accepted bribes in the 1990s for World Cup rights NEW : Hayatou says he is considering legal action against the BBC
CNN  -- More than half a million people a year flock to the Blue Mountains National Park , Australia 's most accessible wilderness , to see its impressive peaks and ancient rainforest . But Australia is grappling with a dilemma : how to balance conservation with the need for tourist spending . "  Although it looks gorgeous and beautiful it is a park under pressure -- there are a lot of vulnerable species in this national park , " said Tara Cameron , a local teacher and President of Blue Mountains Conservation Society . "  It 's not a completely resilient piece of nature we can do anything with . " Maintaining wilderness is an expensive business , and visitor numbers have fallen in recent years . The number of trips including an overnight stay has almost halved in the last decade , from 1.045 million in 1999 , according to Tourism Research Australia figures quoted in the Sydney Daily Telegraph . They show an 18 percent drop in one year , from 687,000 in 2008 to 563,000 last year . The New South Wales government now wants to increase both tourist numbers and spending by attracting visitors interested in a more comfortable , less rugged experience . Its tourism strategy has attracted criticism for refusing to rule out development within the park . Mark Jarvis , who runs a hotel in Katoomba , the main tourist town in the Blue Mountains , just an hour and a half from Sydney , said : "  We 're very concerned because the uniqueness of area revolves around the fact that we sit in between World Heritage parks . "  So the fact that they are looking at developing , the fact that if there is a potential to do it , it 's not right for this area . "  It 's not in Sydney 's interests to see this area develop -- the attraction for Sydney people to come here is our lack of development . " Cameron agreed : "  What I see happening in New South Wales is a distraction and diversion away from nature conservation as the primary purpose of parks -- and if we do n't focus on that the standards and the state of our parks will slowly decline . " However , Randal Walker , chairman of Blue Mountains Tourism , argued that it is possible to develop sustainable tourism without damaging the natural beauty that visitors come to see . "  If there was increased interest in development , I think those investors would only do it in terms of : is it sustainable ? " said Walker . "  Is there going to be a return on investment ? And it 's going to be in built-up areas where zoning allows it . I do n't think there would be any development that would be a negative impact on the environment . " "  We have to have a sustainable impact on the natural asset , which all tourism operators value and treasure and want to preserve . " Penelope Figgis , a government advisor on conservation and tourism , also believes the park has to develop . She said : "  Everybody is looking for how we can make national parks relevant into the future . We have very urbanized population who are not as connected with nature . "  The New South Wales government wanted to see how we could connect with nature but also at the same time stimulate regional economies through tourism activities related to nature conservation . "  I ca n't think of a better way to persuade somebody to be an advocate for a beautiful and wild area than going there and immersing themselves in that experience , " she added . The danger in this quest for something new , is turning nature into a commodity , argued Cameron . "  I think national parks and nature is worth more than just being the new thing , the sort of new product , " she said . "  We have 92 percent of the state of New South Wales that is taken up by people . "  Only eight percent is national park . They 're the bits that we 've put aside for nature -- do we really need to encroach on those as well . "  The coffee shop is not an endangered species . Humans are doing very well -- we are looking after ourselves very well . At some point we need to say : ` When is it nature 's turn ? ' " Catriona Davies contributed to this report	More than 500,000 people visited Blue Mountains last year , but that 's a big drop on previous years Local authorities want to balance conservation with the need for tourist spending A new tourism strategy aims to attract visitors seeking comfort
CNN  -- Alan Morris talked very fast about the dangers of thyroid gland radiation poisoning as his business line rang incessantly in the background . "  Look , I really have to go , " Morris said as he abruptly ended the telephone interview to fill another order . Morris is president of Anbex Inc. , one of only two FDA-approved U.S. manufacturers of potassium iodide , a medication that can block the thyroid glands of human beings and animals from absorbing excessive amounts of radiation from a nuclear accident . Experts believe that many of the dangers posed by overexposure to nuclear fallout , including cancer , can be diminished by blocking thyroid absorption of radiation . On Friday , a massive earthquake and tsunami triggered what is being called Japan 's worst nuclear emergency since World War II . Since , Morris said his Williamsburg , Virginia-based company has received hundreds , if not thousands , of calls from potential buyers in Asia as well as repeat U.S. customers suddenly seeking to replenish their stockpiles of the drug . So , too , has Fleming Pharmaceuticals in Missouri , which , according to the FDA , is the only U.S. manufacturer of the anti-radiation medication in liquid form . Anbex is the only company in the United States that manufactures the tablet form of potassium iodide , according to the FDA . Fleming 's owner , Debbie Fleming-Wurdak , said her is currently getting inundated by more calls than her 85 employees can handle . She and company President Phill Dritsas said they are looking to add temporary employees to help handle the flood of calls . They also said they 've added a second shift and are considering staying open around the clock until the current crisis is over . Officials for both companies said the deluge of requests stemming from Japan 's nuclear crisis comes as state and local governments , hospitals , schools and other institutions in the United States have expressed renewed interest in replenishing their supplies . That 's partly because the threat of nuclear fallout in Japan appears to have heightened demand in this country , they said . It is also because some of those stockpiled medications are close to expiring . That includes the 6 million doses of liquid potassium iodide provided to the U.S. government in 2006 by Fleming Pharmaceuticals . The expiration dates for those medications begin in April , Fleming-Wurdak said . The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission has said that although weather conditions in Japan have moved "  small releases " of radiation from damaged reactors in the Fukushima prefecture out to sea , the United States was "  not expected to experience any harmful levels of radioactivity " given the thousands of miles that separate the two countries . The federal government , Fleming-Wurdak said , is n't currently planning to purchase more potassium iodide for national stockpile . The Strategic National Stockpile is a repository of vaccines , antibiotics , antidotes and other drugs and supplies for use in natural disaster , pandemic or bioterrorism attack . Fleming-Wurdak said she began alerting customers that their potassium iodide supplies were starting to expire two weeks ago . That prompted an uptick in orders , including one from New York state for "  hundreds of thousands of bottles , " she said . "  We do n't have enough to meet the current demand , " she said . Fleming-Wurdak said eyedroppers for the medication are particularly in short supply . Dritsas said the U.S. government should consider tapping into the Strategic National Stockpile for Japanese earthquake victims threatened by nuclear fallout from the Fukushima Daiichi plant . "  Help Japan now , " Dritsas said . "  In the meantime , we would be definitely working towards filling those quantities that are being ordered now . " Dritsas said he made that request Monday to U.S. Rep. Edward Markey , D-Massachusetts , senior member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee . Markey has warned that Japan 's nuclear accident highlights the vulnerabilities of reactors in the United States . On Monday , he called on the Obama administration to fully implement a provision in the Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002 to make potassium iodide available for anyone who lives within 20 miles of a nuclear power plant . The federal government has never purchased enough to meet that standard . There is currently only enough of the medication available for populations living within 10 miles of nuclear reactors in the United States , according to U.S. officials . That 's not nearly enough , Morris said . He cited the April 1986 incident at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in Ukraine , considered the worst nuclear reactor accident ever . Death tolls resulting from the accident have varied widely according to various studies , with totals ranging from the thousands to more than a million . Several studies have found that the accident led to a rise in thyroid cancer cases in children as far away as Poland . "  Even taking the most conservative numbers , it all says there is something wrong with this picture when we know there is n't more potassium iodide out there , " Morris said as he talked on his personal telephone line . In the background , the other phone was ringing .	The Japanese nuclear crisis prompts calls to U.S. manufacturers Potassium iodide blocks thyroid gland 's absorption of radiation U.S. supplies of the drug are nearing expiration dates The U.S. is "  not expected to experience any harmful levels of radioactivity "
A New York jury Wednesday found former pharmaceuticals executive Gigi Jordan guilty of first-degree manslaughter for feeding a lethal drug concoction to her autistic 8-year-old son . The jury accepted her claim that she acted in a state of "  extreme emotional disturbance . " Jordan faces a 5 - to 25-year prison sentence . "  Gigi Jordan showed no mercy to her son , and should receive none at the time of her sentencing , " Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. said in a statement . Jordan , 53 , displayed little emotion as the verdict was announced at the close of a sensational two-month trial in Manhattan , in which prosecutors described in chilling detail how the businesswoman , who made a fortune in pharmaceuticals , forced little Jude Mirra to swallow a cocktail of painkillers and anti-inflammatories in 2010 . Prosecutors said Jordan , who testified that she killed the boy to prevent him from being sexually abused , forced many of the drugs down his throat with a syringe . Jordan 's defense lawyers , citing legal errors during the long proceedings , said they will appeal and seek a new trial . "  This was not a murder case , " defense attorney Norman Siegel said outside court . "  And that 's because there were extenuating and horrific circumstances . And , apparently the jurors got it . " Defense lawyer Allan Brenner said the verdict was a victory . "  She loved him so much that she could n't bear the thought of him living without her , or him being subjected to the life she tried to rescue him from , " he said . "  Any time someone is convicted of a crime , particularly of the crime of having caused the death of a young child , there 's nothing to revel in . There 's no glory or triumph here . To the extent that the jury has said this was not a mother viciously , violently , coldly doing away with her child , that 's a triumph . " Defense : She was a desperate mother At her trial , which started on September 10 , no one disputed the unthinkable manner in which Jude spent his final hours on February 5 , 2010 . Police found his cold body after they were dispatched to the luxury Peninsula Hotel in Manhattan . The call to police came after a relative of Jordan 's was unable to reach her . When police arrived at the hotel , they found Jordan sitting next to the bed where her son lay unresponsive , surrounded by pills and pill bottles . An autopsy found four of the painkillers and anti-inflammatories used to kill the boy still undigested in his stomach . Orange juice and vodka were used to wash down the drugs . Prosecutor Matt Bogdanos presented expert testimony that showed the boy 's injuries were consistent with Jordan climbing on top of Jude and holding open his mouth as she poured the lethal cocktail . But Brenner painted a portrait of Jordan as a desperate mother ultimately driven to kill Jude by her two former husbands . The defense said one ex-husband had allegedly threatened to kill her , a crime that would have left Jude with her other former husband -- his biological father -- who she believed had sexually abused the boy . "  This was not an act carried out with murderous intent , " Brenner told jurors in closing arguments . The prosecution said there was no evidence Jude was ever sexually abused . On the stand , Jordan , a former nurse who started a home health care company , portrayed her actions as a mercy killing . Her ex-husband was threatening to kill her , she said . "  You 're a dead woman , " she claimed he told her . "  I made the decision I was going to end my life and Jude 's life , " she told the jury , placing her hand over her mouth . Jordan said the boy was physically and sexually abused not only by his biological father but also by others , including the woman who took Jude to school . She testified that the boy was assaulted by "  a good number of people . " The boy 's father has denied the allegations and has not been charged , CNN affiliate WCBS has reported . BlackBerry communication disputed While on the stand , Jordan at first appeared calm as she described for a jury the last time she saw her son alive . Jude 's vocabulary was limited . He typed on a BlackBerry to communicate with her . "  We were typing throughout some period of time . We were saying goodbye to each other , " Jordan told the jury and then began to cry . "  At some point , I put the pills together , " she recalled . "  I gave him the pills . " "  Which drugs did you give him more of ? " Brenner asked . "  A lot more of the Ambien , " she said . "  I gave him more Xanax , but the Ambien is the one I gave him the most of . I gave him Hydrocodone , which were large . I was drinking a vodka orange and there was a little left . I broke up the pill and put it into the juice mixed with vodka . " But the prosecution challenged the idea that Jude was actually communicating via a BlackBerry through the use of a controversial method known as "  facilitated communication . " Some witnesses described how Jordan held the device in one hand while supporting and possibly guiding her son 's arm with the other as Jude looked away . Bogdanos questioned whether a young autistic boy would even know how to use and spell words like "  aggressively " and "  sadistic . " Brenner sought to show that Jordan , believing she was ultimately protecting her son , brought the drugs to the hotel room with the intention of killing them both , but she survived the suicide attempt . Prosecutors said the killing was premeditated and Jordan expected to survive . As Jude lay dying , the prosecution said , Jordan sent an email to a financial adviser instructing him to transfer the $ 125,000 trust she set up for her son to her personal account . In addition , Jordan transferred $ 8 million from a savings to a checking account before checking into the hotel with her son . Jordan told the jury she planned on giving the money to charity before taking her life .	Defense lawyers , citing legal errors , say they will appeal and seek a new trial Gigi Jordan is found guilty of manslaughter for feeding drugs to her autistic 8-year-old son Jude Mirra , 8 , died from painkillers , other drugs , prosecutors say The defense says the desperate mother aimed to protect her son from a sexually abusive father
If you 're like Derek Smith , you spend a lot of time on your smartphone . Then again , maybe nobody is quite like Derek Smith . In one recent week , the medical student sent 40 e-mails and 399 text messages , snapped 25 photos , bought two movie tickets , downloaded four songs , watched a full-length film , checked the weather forecast 15 times , shopped at Target , surfed the Web for 129 minutes and spent 5 1/2 hours socializing with friends on Facebook -- all from his iPhone 4S . "  I am not my phone , but my phone is a reflection of me , " said Smith , 26 , of Louisville , Kentucky . "  It does a pretty good job of taking my life and folding it up into a nice little lightweight , pocket-sized summary . It 's almost like I am holding a copy of my brain in my hands . " As part of our Our Mobile Society series on how phones and tablets are changing our lives , CNN asked a handful of people to document everything they do on their smartphones over the course of a week : every text , every tweet , every minute spent scrolling through Instagram or playing "  Words with Friends . " Some of the results are displayed here . It was an unscientific project . Our volunteers , self-described smartphone addicts , are probably much more active on their handsets than the average person . The idea was simply to demonstrate , whether we realize it or not , how much of our daily lives now is conducted through these little glowing screens . It 's not just that we 're on our phones a lot . It 's that these devices have become time capsules of our lives , documenting our work , our social interactions , our purchases , our travels , our passions and our guilty pleasures . In one week in early September , Kathleen Baker sent 256 e-mails from her phone , many of those as part of her duties as director of housing for a university . She also posted 34 updates or comments on Facebook , "  liked " 18 posts and read 93 posts from friends  55 of them on her birthday  . Somehow , she also spent another nine-plus hours that week using her phone to surf the Web , play games , check her bank balances and listen to audiobooks and music . "  I actually did n't log as many hours as I thought I would , " said Baker , 46 , who lives with her husband and their three young children in Seattle . "  I did n't include any time that I used my phone to entertain my kids . ... I am very aware of my dependency on my phone , so it was n't too surprising . "  The phone definitely helps me keep up with all the moving parts of my life . I am almost always on the go , and it allows me to juggle everything , " Baker added in an e-mail . "  While some people may feel tied to their jobs because of technology , I am happy to have the advantage of owning a smartphone . I ca n't imagine how I would juggle a crazy job , three kids/family obligations , and doctoral studies without it ! I am a happy addict . " Like Baker , most people who shared their smartphone-usage habits said they view their phone as a hugely positive thing in their lives , not a burden or the root of an unhealthy addiction . "  My friends tell me that I am easily the most accessible person they know . My phone is my lifeline , and any attempt to reduce usage is just silly , " said Stephen Anfield , 31 , a freelance writer and social-media consultant . Anfield , who lives in Alexandria , Virginia , just outside Washington , sent 423 texts during the week he tracked his phone use . He also sent 228 Twitter messages , checked in to 26 locations on Foursquare , posted nine photos to Instagram and placed three orders from Five Guys Burgers . Oh , and he received two voice mails . He still has n't listened to them . Like many people who participated in this experiment , Anfield prefers to communicate via text or e-mail . And like the others , he finds it difficult to go more than a few minutes without checking his Droid Razr . He sees his phone almost as an extension of himself . "  If somebody picks up my phone , it does make me nervous , " he said . "  It 's not a privacy issue . There 's nothing that I 'm hiding . I just think it 's a very personal item . " Smith , the Louisville med-school student , said he did n't realize just how much he used his iPhone until he documented his usage for a week . "  I was stunned by just how integrated my phone has become in my life . It is almost an anatomical appendage , attached to my person as though it were a part of my hand , " he said . On the few occasions Smith has left home without taking his phone , he 's become anxious and depressed . "  My palms get sweaty , my heart races , I start biting my lip , " he said in an e-mail . "  My mind is occupied by thoughts of going home to get the phone . I feel cut off from the world . " After jotting down all his phone usage and staring at the page -- almost 800 text messages sent and received -- Smith wondered whether he was relying on his phone too much . Should he cut back ? Was he missing out on the world around him ? Were his relationships suffering ? Ultimately , he decided no . Smith also uses his phone to study and do medical research , and he believes the benefits of using it outweigh any potential downside . "  We do need to be careful not to digitalize our entire existence , not to replace our lives with a microchip , " he said . But Smith believes that his phone enhances , and not detracts from , his real-life human interactions . To him it breaks down barriers and gives him freedom . "  I feel like my desktop/laptop anchor me into one place . They are ancient in a sense , the electronic devices of our parents and grandparents , " he said . "  I do not want to be trapped by the confines of a desk and chair , and today 's world is not as compatible with that type of device . Today 's world is too fluid for that . "	CNN asked people to document everything they do on their smartphones in a week The idea is to demonstrate how much of our lives are conducted through little glowing screens One Virginia man sent 423 texts and 228 Twitter messages from his phone that week Kentucky man is "  stunned by just how integrated my phone has become in my life "
CNN  -- Italian prosecutors will press charges against at least one person after racist abuse during a soccer game prompted AC Milan players to walk off the field in the middle of a game . Police and stadium cameras have identified a 20-year-old man and prosecutors expect to identify more people to charges , prosecutor Mirko Monti told CNN . AC Milan 's Kevin-Prince Boateng , the main target of the abuse , kicked a ball into the stands , tore his shirt and led his team off the field Thursday in a rare protest against racist behavior by soccer fans . Boateng was one of several black Milan players , along with M'Baye Niang , Urby Emanuelson and Sulley Muntari , who were the targets of racist abuse in the friendly against Pro Patria . Boateng , who was visibly upset by the chanting , picked up the ball and kicked it into the crowd . After the incident , Boateng tweeted : "  Shame that these things still happen ... #StopRacismforever . " Fan group calls on team not to sign black players "  We are disappointed and saddened by what has happened , " Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri told reporters . "  Milan play for the right to respect all players . We need to stop these uncivilized gestures . "  We are sorry for all the other fans who came here for a beautiful day of sport . "  We promise to return , and we are sorry for the club and players of Pro Patria , but we could not make any other decision . "  I hope it can be an important signal . " Italian Football Association president Giancarlo Abete also hit out at the unsavory scenes and announced an investigation into the incident . Abete said in a statement on the Italian FA website : "  No sanction or measure can erase the disdain for an unspeakable and intolerable episode . "  We must react with force and without silence to isolate the few criminals that transformed a friendly match into an uproar that offends all of Italian football . " Eto'o : We ca n't wait until a black player gets killed Boateng is not the first footballer to take a stand over racist abuse . Former Barcelona striker Samuel Eto'o threatened to leave the field back in February 2006 after being subjected to racist abuse and pelted with bottles during a game against Real Zaragoza . The Cameroon forward , who now plays for Anzhi Makhachkala , tried to walk off only to be persuaded to remain by then manager Frank Rijkaard . And in 2011 , Brazilian defender Roberto Carlos walked off the field after a banana was thrown at him during a Russian league game . Carlos , who was 38 at the time , was playing for Anzhi in the city of Samara in the Caucasus region . The Brazilian is now Anzhi 's team director . After picking up the banana , Carlos walked off the field visibly upset before sitting on the bench . This season matches across Europe have been punctuated by repeated outbursts of racism . Ahead of the European Championship finals in Poland and Ukraine , UEFA president Michel Platini had urged players to allow the referee to deal with the problem of racist abuse , and stressed that officials could stop games if necessary . Platini : Referees will deal with racists "  It is a referee 's job to stop the match and he is to do so if there are any problems of this kind , " said Platini However UEFA has come under criticism for the punishments it has handed out regarding racist abuse . UEFA appeals Serbia sanctions In December UEFA appealed the decision of its own disciplinary committee after the Serbian Football Association was fined $ 105,000 for improper conduct by Europe 's governing bogy following allegations of racist abuse during the under-21 game with England . That fine was far less than that handed out to Denmark 's Nicklas Bendtner , who was forced to pay $ 125,800 for exposing boxer shorts with the logo of an online betting company during the European Championship Finals . Last year , Manchester City officials were infuriated after the club was fined $ 40,000 by UEFA for taking to the pitch late for a Europa League game -- $ 13,000 more than Porto 's sanction for fans ' racist abuse during a game against the English team . Milan 's squad captain Massimo Ambrosini gave his backing to Boateng 's actions , insisting a "  message had to be sent against uncivilized people . " New ` dark age ' for English football , or a new dawn ? "  I am sorry for all those who were at the stadium but a strong message had to be sent , " said Ambrosini . "  AC Milan will make an effort to go back to Busto Arsizio especially for the children and for those who have nothing to do with racism but a message had to be sent against such uncivilized people . " AC Milan director Umberto Gandini added on Twitter : "  Very proud of the Milan players who decided to walk off the pitch today for racist abuse from few idiots ! No racism , no stupidity ! " Milan returns to league action on Sunday against Siena . Pato Meanwhile , World Club Cup winners Corinthians has announced it has agreed a $ 19.6 million deal with Milan for Brazil striker Alexandre Pato . The 23-year-old , who joined Milan in 2007 from Internacional , scored 63 goals for the Italian giant during his five-year stint with the club . But his career has been hampered by injuries in recent years , with the forward managing just 11 appearances last season and seven so far this campaign . "  In the coming days , Pato , who will wear the number seven shirt , will undergo a medical and then sign a four-year contract , " said a club statement . Milan confirmed the deal on its official website : "  AC Milan can announce that Alexandre Pato has been sold outright to Sporting Club Corinthians Paulista . " In an open letter on the club 's website , Pato said : "  I wish to salute and especially thank everyone . From the president to the many people I worked with in these unforgettable years at Milan . "  I am going to Brazil , to Corinthians , so I 'll have the opportunity to play consistently . It will not , however , be easy to forget Milan . "  I will always be tied to this jersey , the club colors and all the Rossoneri fans . Above all at this moment my thoughts and my biggest thanks go to them . " Iona Serrapica contributed to this report .	Italian prosecutors press charges against one person after racist abuse during game Abuse prompted AC Milan players to walk off in middle of game Kevin-Prince Boateng kicked ball into stands , tore his shirt and led his team off Italian Football Association president Giancarlo Abete announced investigation into incident
CNN  -- When rehab and Alcoholics Anonymous meetings did n't work for Eddie Freas , he sought another way to kick his 20-year drug and alcohol addiction . Eddie Freas fights drug addiction by putting all his energy into training for triathlons . He swam 2.4 miles . He biked 112 miles . He ran 26.2 miles . The Pennsville , New Jersey , resident found relief in triathlons . "  I feel better when I 'm working out , " said Freas , 33 . "  It does wonders for the mind . The reason I started running -- it was a switch that went off in my head . I started feeling positive and feeling great about myself . " Freas spent his youth in pursuit of drugs . At the age of 13 , he snuck bottles of Amaretto and rum from his mother 's liquor cabinet . He also developed a taste for marijuana and cocaine . By his senior year of high school , Freas was kicked off the wrestling and football teams after failing a drug test . Then in 2007 , after a three-day binge , "  I came home and was crying , " Freas said . "  I was so depressed . I turned on the TV . " The set was tuned to ESPN , which was airing a story about a former drug addict who competed in triathlons . The program 's subject was Todd Crandell , who had lost a college hockey scholarship because of a drug addiction . After 13 years of using drugs , Crandell started competing in Ironman races and championed finding positive ways to fight addiction through his program called Racing for Recovery . "  Having an athletic background , I was drawn to getting back in shape , " Crandell said . "  It makes you turn intellectually and spiritually fit . Exercise is essential . It decreases addiction , depression and you use it as part of the recovery . " Freas was entranced by the parallels . "  His whole story seemed like mine , " Freas said . "  That 's why it hit me so much . It was my story but it happened to somebody else . I knew I had to get back into fitness . " He took a bus to Racing for Recovery 's office in Sylvania , Ohio . There , Freas said he learned to "  stay clean and use other things -- fitness , instead of drugs . " On his first day , Freas pushed himself to run 10 miles . "  It killed me , " Freas said . "  I was just motivated . I was sore for a week and I gradually got into it . As soon as I started including fitness into my everyday lifestyle , it made it so much easier . It kept me busy and because of the physical fitness , it was making me feel better about myself . " He pushed himself to run farther and raced in his first Ironman competition in 2008 . "  It 's different when you use drugs , you temporarily feel good and afterwards , you feel like doing more drugs , " Freas said . "  When you go for a long run and do physical fitness , you feel good doing it . " Research in animals and humans show that exercise can be a mild antidepressant . "  It is n't a huge surprise when you consider many positive effects exercise can have with regards to the brain chemistry : dopamine , serotonin , endorphin , epinephrine -- these are all associated with mood altering effects , " said Dr. Cedric Bryant , the chief science officer for the American Council on Exercise . "  If they 're able to get this natural high , through a natural endeavor such as exercise , it allows them to replace the means to achieve that high with a more positive approach . " One study showed that women trying to quit smoking were more successful when they exercised . And the National Institute on Drug Abuse held a conference last year to explore the possible role of physical activity in substance abuse prevention . "  The thought centers around the release of mood-altering brain chemical , mainly endorphins , " Bryant said . "  It gives you euphoria or what you call ` runner 's high . ' " Crandell said some people who battle drug addiction "  want something more than sitting in support groups filled with smoke , complaining about drinking . " "  I 've had some of my naysayers from other programs who say you 've taken one addiction and replaced it for another , " Crandell said . "  I 've taken addiction and put into a new focus that includes exercise . Exercise for me is essential to my recovery and well-being . " The purpose of Racing for Recovery is not to turn everyone into an athlete , but to focus on positive pursuits in a person 's life . "  Whatever you lost during your addiction , that should be your Ironman , not just running , " Crandell said . "  If your goal is to become a teacher , let that be your Ironman . " After Freas spent six months in Ohio , he returned to his hometown . "  I did n't want to come back home , because this was where I did all the dirt , all the partying and stuff , " Freas said . "  As time went on , I had to come back here . My life is turned around . I got to help people in my hometown . " Back in New Jersey , Freas helped train Dustin Deckard , 19 , a former high school star wrestler , who is recovering from a four-year heroin addiction . Deckard wanted to get clean after a near-fatal overdose . "  I have to be clean the rest of my life , " Deckard said . "  Sometimes that overwhelms me . I just feel that sometimes it 's not fair that other people can go out and have fun and drink and do whatever at a party . But me -- if I do anything -- it 's off . I ca n't stop . I definitely have troubles with that . " Freas and Deckard have developed a brotherhood . "  I know how he was feeling , being down , not wanting to use drugs , " Deckard said . "  I just relate to him in every way . We both used . He 's also into sports and into wrestling like I was . That 's what 's cool . " This Sunday , Freas and Deckard head to Racing for Recovery 's half triathlon at Monroe , Michigan where the teen will race for the first time .	New Jersey man finds solace in exercise after spending youth on drugs Eddie Freas now member of group that advocates physical fitness in place of drugs Freas competes in Ironman and also mentors a New Jersey teenager
New Delhi  CNN  -- India 's scandal-tainted government has come under fresh attack from opposition parties after a leading newspaper ran a front-page report alleging that auditors had found that the awarding of coal fields to private companies had deprived the treasury of $ 211 billion . As lawmakers from across the spectrum of opposition parties criticized Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's administration over the Times of India story on Thursday , his office issued excerpts of a letter to him from the federal auditor that described the news report as "  exceedingly misleading . " One of the country 's most respected dailies , the Times of India cited what it said were the Comptroller and Auditor General  CAG  's draft estimates from the awarding of 155 coal blocks to some 100 firms without auction between 2004 and 2009 . The newspaper said the government had allocated areas for coal production to commercial operators without putting them up for competitive auction . According to the CAG 's calculations , the newspaper said , the authorities sold the rights to the mining areas for much less than they were worth , passing on "  undue benefits " to the companies . The report claimed the loss to the government was six times the size of the amount lost by the allotment of telecommunications frequencies in 2008 at below market value . The telecommunications scandal , the result of a CAG report , put tremendous pressure on Singh 's government , leading to the resignations of top officials and fueling a powerful grassroots protest movement against corruption . But the national auditor said the report on the coal blocks misrepresented its findings . "  The details being brought out were observations which are under discussion at a very preliminary stage and do not even constitute our pre-final draft and hence are exceedingly misleading , " read a portion of the CAG 's letter made public by the prime minister 's office . "  The leak of the initial draft causes great embarrassment as the audit report is still under preparation . Such leakage causes very deep anguish , " it read . The letter came after opposition leaders sought a discussion in parliament over what they claimed to be a huge scandal . "  This is the worst scam , " said Prakash Javadekar , spokesman for the opposition Bharatiya Janata Party . "  This government has lost , forfeited its right to continue in power , " he said . Left-wing politicians were equally scathing in their reaction . "  It is a serious scam , a very big scam . In fact , all these scams are taking place because of the wrong policies pursued by the government , favoring all corporate houses , big business houses in the country , " said D. Raja , a leader in the Communist Party of India . He asked why the government had not awarded the coalfields through an auction process . A lawmaker from the Communist Party of India  Marxist  , Sitaram Yechury , called for a wide-ranging investigation . Before releasing the letter from the CAG , the government issued cautious comments on the matter . "  I can not comment on the basis of newspaper reports , until I have the actual report  of the CAG  , " said Coal Minister Sri Prakash Jaiswal . He insisted that no coal blocks had been granted during the second term of Singh 's government , which began in 2009 . "  If the CAG has raised any objections over any such allocations before that , we will be able to make a comment only after studying them , " Jaiswal said . Singh 's government has been hit by a series of corruption allegations , including a damning 2010 CAG report about the underselling of the cell phone permits . It put the cost to the government coffers of that affair at around $ 31 billion dollars in lost revenues . The telecommunications licenses issued under the sale have since been revoked by the Supreme Court . A number of politicians , bureaucrats and company executives are facing trial after the telecommunications scandal shook the government . All the defendants have denied any wrongdoing . Singh 's Congress Party , headed by Italian born Sonia Gandhi , paid a political price this month when it suffered a heavy defeat in a key regional vote . Seen as a litmus test for the popularity of the national coalition , the recent elections in India 's most populous state , Uttar Pradesh , gave a decisive majority to a provincial grouping . That was despite a rigorous campaign by the Congress Party to try to revive its fortunes in the region .	An audit found billions in lost revenue from coal field allocations , says Indian paper The auditor says the newspaper report is "  exceedingly misleading " The government has already been damaged by a cell phone license scandal "  This is the worst scam , " says an opposition leader
CNN  -- Authorities in Mobile , Alabama , are investigating why a University of South Alabama police officer shot and killed an 18-year-old freshman who they say was naked and acting erratically outside the campus police station early Saturday . The campus officer heard a loud banging noise on a window at the station at 1:23 a.m. CT  2:23 a.m. ET  Saturday , the university said in a statement . When he left the station to investigate , the school said , "  he was confronted by a muscular , nude man who was acting erratically . " The man , later identified as Gilbert Thomas Collar , of Wetumpka , Alabama , repeatedly rushed and verbally challenged the officer in a fighting stance , the school said . The officer , whose name has n't been released , drew his weapon and ordered Collar to stop , the school said . The officer retreated several times to try to calm the situation . "  When the individual continued to rush toward the officer in a threatening manner and ignored the officer 's repeated commands to stop , the officer fired one shot with his police sidearm , which struck the chest of the assailant , " the school statement said . "  The individual fell to the ground , but he got up once more and continued to challenge the officer further before collapsing and expiring . " Campus police immediately contacted the district attorney 's office to request an external investigation , and the Mobile County Sheriff 's Department will assist , the school said . The officer has been placed on paid administrative leave pending the outcome of internal and external investigations , the school said . School spokesman Keith Ayers called it a "  campus tragedy " for the university family but offered no other details , citing the active investigation . The University of South Alabama , located in Mobile , enrolls about 15,000 students . Wetumpka , located just north of Montgomery in the middle of the state , has nearly 8,000 residents .	The University of South Alabama says the student was acting erratically The school says the student charged the officer , who drew his gun 18-year-old Gilbert Thomas Collar was killed in the Saturday shooting
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova crashed out of the China Open on Tuesday , with the former world No. 1 suffering her second consecutive early exit . The 12th seed , beaten in her opening game in Japan last week , lost to fellow Russian Elena Vesnina in the second round to follow defending champion Svetlana Kuznetsova and last year 's runner-up Agnieszka Radwanska in departing the $ 4.5 million Beijing event . Vesnina -- who lost their only other meeting at the 2008 Australian Open , which Sharapova won for her third grand slam title -- triumphed 7-6  7-3  6-2 to set up a clash with Switzerland 's Timea Bacsinszky . "  I 'm definitely not as good as I wanted to be , " Sharapova told the WTA Tour website . "  After the U.S. Open I was n't able to train as much as I would 've wanted to , and I feel like the last couple of weeks I 've just been trying to play catch-up . "  My rhythm has n't been where it should be . Obviously it 's disappointing , but I 've lost and won many matches in my career . I 'll just have to regroup and move forward . " The 21-year-old Bacsinszky progressed when eighth seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus withdrew with a leg injury , trailing 3-2 in the second set after winning the opener 6-4 . Second seed Vera Zvonareva will next face fellow Russian Maria Kirilenko in the third round following her 6-4 6-1 win over Germany 's Andrea Petkovic , while French Open champion Francesca Schiavone also went through . The Italian fifth seed beat Slovenia 's Polona Hercog 6-3 6-3 to set up a match with unseeded Russian Vera Dushevina . Dushevina 's compatriot Elena Dementieva will play former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic in the last 16 , with the seventh seed defeating Japanese veteran Kimiko Date Krumm 6-3 1-6 6-3 despite serving 10 double-faults . Ivanovic battled back from 4-1 down in the second set to beat Olga Govortsova of Belarus 6-0 7-5 . "  I realized I was sort of pulling back a little bit and was n't as dominant as I was in the first set , " the Serbian said . "  I had to stay calm and not panic , and not go for winners too soon . I 'm really happy I managed to do that . " Ninth seed Li Na kept the home crowd happy with a 6-1 6-4 win over Russia 's Alisa Kleybanova , while Israeli 15th seed Shahar Peer notched a 6-4 6-2 win over Switzerland 's Patty Schnyder . Peer will next play Bojana Jovanovski , who upset fellow Serbian and third seed Jelena Jankovic on Monday . Top seed Caroline Wozniacki had a first-round bye and will open her campaign against Italy 's Sara Errani on Wednesday . The 20-year-old Dane will overtake American Serena Williams at the top of the world rankings if she reaches the quarterfinals .	Former world No. 1 Maria Sharapova loses to fellow Russian Elena Vesnina Vesnina progresses into last 16 of China Open with 7-6  7-3  6-2 victory in Beijing Eighth seed Victoria Azarenka also out in second round after suffering leg injury World No. 2 Caroline Wozniacki begins her campaign on Wednesday after opening bye
CNN  -- At least 40 members of a religious minority in Myanmar were killed by security forces and Buddhists in the western village of Du Char Yar Tan last week , a human rights group said . Fortify Rights , a group based in Southeast Asia , claims the attacks against the Rohingya Muslims were carried out after the suspected killing of a police officer , who is still missing . Most of dead were women and children , the group said . But the government denies the killings , and Myanmar 's deputy minister of information told reporters that the news outlets reporting them are "  wholly and totally wrong . " In a statement , the government outlined the details of an incident that led to the missing police officer at the center of the latest clashes . It apparently started January 13 when a police patrol led by the missing officer encountered a group of men described in the report as Bengalis "  sitting around a fire in front of shops . " The group apparently started throwing stones at the patrol and was joined shortly after by about 100 villagers with knives and sticks , according to the report . The officers fled , except for police Sgt. Aung Kyaw Thein , who has been missing since . Riot police have moved into the village , and journalists and human rights activists have been denied access , according to Fortify Rights . "  When the police went into the village to find the missing police , almost all the men had fled , leaving women , children and old people , " a police spokesman told CNN . He said there are so many security forces now looking for the missing police officer that violence between Muslims and Buddhists is no longer possible . Valerie Amos , United Nations under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs , warned of "  alarming levels of violence , including the killing of many civilians and a policeman . " She called on Myanmar 's government to launch an impartial investigation into the claims . The U.N. calls the Rohingya Muslims one of the most persecuted populations in the world , and 3,500 of them live in the village of Du Char Yar Tan . They 've been the frequent targets of violence by Buddhists , who are the majority in Myanmar . U.S. President Barack Obama urged Myanmar 's President Thein Sein during a visit to the White House last year to respect the rights of the Rohingya minority .	Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar were killed by security forces , Buddhists , rights group says U.N. official warns of alarming level of violence and calls for an investigation Government says reports of killings are false but confirms clashes with police Rohingya Muslims are a minority in Myanmar and have been attacked before
CNN  -- Between your new regimen of daily workouts , volunteering , painting or whatever else you 've resolved to do more of in the New Year , make time for a few tech-centric resolutions . They 're low impact and will keep your memories and online identity safer , your mind sharper and your friendships healthier . Here are six you can do right now . You 'll thank yourself later . Back up your stuff Back up your files . Do it now , do it often , do not put it off until your hard drive suddenly and unexpectedly perishes or until your laptop is stolen from a cafe when you run to the bathroom . Everyone will have different backup needs , but for the most basic computer backups there are a few basic options . You can use an external hard drive or a cloud service . There are services like Carbonite , which will automatically back up photos , music , documents and emails for an annual fee . If you have an Apple computer , turn on Time Machine and it will backup your files to the drive of your choice in the background . You also can use a cloud storage service like Dropbox or Google Drive to save a copy of select files . A nice Dropbox feature is that it can automatically save new photos from connected cameras or smartphones to the cloud . Turn on 2-factor authentication Hopefully by now you know and follow all the best practices for protecting your passwords : Avoid dictionary words ; use multiword pass phrases ; do n't use the same password across multiple sites ; keep it memorable but not obvious . But strong passwords are n't enough to keep you completely secure . When it comes to your important online accounts , one of the most effective security measures you can take is turning on two-factor authentication . Two-factor authentication requires you to confirm your identity with two separate things . Typically it 's something you know , like a password , and something you have , like your cell phone or a key fob . For example , when you try to log in to a Gmail account from an unrecognized location , Google will text you a code you need to enter . Start with your e-mail accounts , which can be used to gain access to your other online accounts . Gmail and Yahoo both offer two-factor authentication , but Outlook currently does not . Cloud storage services with two-factor include Dropbox , Google Drive and Microsoft 's Sky Drive . Apple 's iCloud does not yet offer it . Facebook has its own two-factor feature called login approvals . Two-factor can be a hassle to use and will take some getting used to , but it 's a small inconvenience to avoid the much larger , more devastating inconvenience of being hacked . Scan old photos We all have them . The stacks of old photos hidden in boxes under the bed or collecting dust in basements . If you do n't have digital copies of these gems , stop stalling and start scanning . Natural disasters , floods and fires can wipe out film memories in an instant . To scan your images , get a flatbed scanner and place multiple images on the bed at a time . You can crop and retouch individual pictures later . If manually scanning in each old photo sounds like too big  or boring  of an undertaking , you can hire a company to do it for you . Many local camera stores offer bulk-scanning services and will return your originals along with high-resolution TIFFs or JPEGs on a CD or hard drive . And you can store copies of your photos online in case your laptop crashes  see resolution No. 1  . If you 're comfortable sending your photos away , the best option is using a company that specialize in bulk photo scanning . They 'll even do light retouching and repairs for older pictures , videos and slides . Check out ScanDigital.com or ScanCafe.com . Step away from the smartphone If you spend most of the day with your nose buried a smartphone , tablet or computer , make an effort to break out of the digital world and interact more with the humans around you in 2013 . Do n't habitually check your online social networks while hanging out with your flesh-and-blood friends . On a date ? Do n't even think about texting .  Unless the date is going horribly and they 're in the bathroom and you need to arrange an emergency extraction . Attempt to live in the moment instead of just documenting the moment on Instagram . Yes , that sunset will look stunning with the Valencia filter , but it will look even better through your own eyeballs . There 's a time and a place for texting and e-mailing and checking Twitter . But this year , let 's try to leave the screens in our pockets and bags more often and engage with the world around us . Read the TOS and check privacy settings Terms of service are long , boring documents filled with impenetrable legalese . But before you upload content or share personal information with a site , take a few minutes to read over its terms of service -- and any privacy agreements -- so you have a better idea of who owns your data and what the company can do with it . Start with the biggies you 're probably already using such as Google , Facebook , Instagram , Yahoo and Twitter . Next , take a trip to your privacy settings . Even if you had your settings just the way you wanted them a year ago , the company could have updated the controls and left some of your information exposed . Learn something new online Tech resolutions are n't all preventative measures to avoid doom and gloom . You can also embark on fun , self-improvement projects . Quality classes are free and plentiful online . There are courses for every age , interest and attention span , from major universities and organizations . Pick up a language , learn how to code at Codecademy or just be inspired by the best Ted Talks . Apple 's iTunes U is stocked with videos and podcasts of classes , as well as supporting materials like worksheets and ebooks . You can access them from a computer or download the ITunes U iPad or iPhone app . The YouTube Education channel has instructional videos on math , business , language and the other usual suspects , including fun experiments you can try at home . Check out the Spangler Science channel and prepare to simultaneously mess with and impress your kids . Coursera offers free college courses from big name universities including Princeton , Emory , Stanford , Johns Hopkins and Columbia . Get the knowledge without the student loans  or course credit , unfortunately  .	Keep your data safe this year with backups and two-factor authentication For a fun New Year 's project check out the many free online courses and start learning Take a moment to read the terms of service for your e-mail , photo sites and social networks Cut down on checking your phone and engage with the world around you
CNN  -- Sean Penn and Gus Van Sant have a proposition for us : a biopic dedicated to the memory of San Francisco activist and City Supervisor Harvey Milk , the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in California , who was murdered by a fellow supervisor in 1978 . Sean Penn plays San Francisco City Supervisor Harvey Milk in "  Milk , " directed by Gus Van Sant . The subject may be a tricky sell , but the timing feels right -- a few weeks late to save Californians ' same-sex marriage rights , admittedly , but the need to keep on fighting through adversity may be Milk 's most important legacy . And "  Milk " is a powerful movie that will stir more than a few hearts and minds . An audiotape Milk records "  just in case " is screenwriter Dustin Lance Black 's convenient structuring device , foregrounding the story 's tragic outcome and allowing Milk to narrate his own life story . In this telling , it 's a life that begins at 40 -- when he picks up Scott  James Franco  , falls in love , comes out and drops out . The year is 1970 , and San Francisco beckons . Their Castro Street camera store soon becomes a focal point for the booming gay community , and it 's not long before Milk makes the first of several unsuccessful runs for district supervisor . Civic elections might seem like small beer , but the persecution that compelled Milk to run for office is no trivial matter . The gay rights movement 's most critical accomplishment , the film suggests , is how it liberated gays to be themselves . As Milk tries to explain to his heterosexual colleague Dan White  Josh Brolin  , this is n't about principles , it 's about people 's lives -- three of his lovers had threatened suicide . One of them , Jack Lira  Diego Luna  , goes through with it . The political ca n't get more personal than that . Ironically , the devoutly "  normal " White is the one who is truly messed up . Here 's another irony : To earn the recognition and validation of the voters , Milk has to shed his reborn hippie uniform and ponytail , put on a suit and get a haircut . Making the same calculation , director Gus Van Sant has axed the long takes and experimentalism that made "  Elephant " and "  Paranoid Park " arresting but decidedly marginal experiences and turned in his most conventional movie since "  Finding Forrester . " In other words , he 's playing it straight this time . The strategy is sound ; the execution , nearly flawless . Van Sant captures the time and the place with unobtrusive precision , seamlessly mixing in reams of archival news reports .  She may not know it , but Anita Bryant has a co-starring role in this movie .  iReport.com : Share your reviews of ` Milk ' Penn is studied and thoughtful , impassioned and immediately sympathetic as Milk . It 's easy to see how he attracts so much support -- and how his drive and commitment do n't leave enough time for a "  real " life . When Penn smiles , there 's always pain there -- it 's almost a wince -- and he smiles a lot here . "  Milk " may be a little too homogenized for some tastes . Like "  Philadelphia " and "  Brokeback Mountain , " it 's careful how it advances its agenda  and it does have one  . But it 's not just a single-issue movie . In its conviction that "  change " is n't effected through rhetoric alone , but through the hard slog of campaign work , persuasion , inspiration , inclusion and good old , bad old politicking , "  Milk " says something about how progress is achieved in America . In that respect , it evokes the best aspirations of the country -- and , for that matter , of filmmaking .	"  Milk " is a biography of openly gay San Francisco City Supervisor Harvey Milk Film works both as a subtle message film and as well-made movie Sean Penn gives excellent performance as Milk
CNN Student News  -- August 25 , 2009 Quick Guide Interrogation Report - Learn why the U.S. government is investigating past CIA interrogation methods . Iraq Dust Storms - Explore the impact of desertification on Iraq 's plants and people . Bolt Mania - Witness the whirlwind of success surrounding the world 's fastest man . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Your commercial-free source for classroom news is pondering probes , planets and pumas ! I 'm Carl Azuz . CNN Student News starts right now . First Up : Interrogation Report AZUZ : First up , the U.S. government launches an investigation into methods used by the Central Intelligence Agency to question suspects . Attorney General Eric Holder , the country 's top law enforcement officer , said he knew it would raise controversy when he announced the investigation yesterday , but he 's seen enough information to move forward . That information comes from a report written by the CIA in 2004 about the techniques used by some of its agents . Former President George W. Bush authorized what were called "  enhanced interrogation " methods after the September 11th attacks . Those methods were used on suspected terrorists . The CIA report refers to some of the techniques that were used as unauthorized . Attorney General Holder 's investigation is looking into whether or not the interrogations were illegal . The CIA says it did n't endorse any behavior that went outside the bounds of official guidelines . Holder says this investigation will not focus on the people who carried out the questioning , who were following the guidance of the Bush administration . The second most powerful person in that administration , Vice President Dick Cheney , says that the interrogation methods and the program as a whole were needed to keep the country safe . FORMER U.S. VICE PRESIDENT DICK CHENEY : The intelligence officers who questioned the terrorists can be proud of their work and proud of the results , because they prevented the violent death of thousands , perhaps hundreds of thousands of people . AZUZ : Attorney General Holder is also considering the country 's safety , and says the investigation wo n't pose a threat to it . U.S. ATTORNEY GENERAL , ERIC HOLDER : We will not be doing anything that would endanger the American people or in some way lessen our national security . New Interrogation AZUZ : In the meantime , President Obama is making a change when it comes to who handles the questioning of suspected terrorists . That responsibility is shifting from the CIA to the FBI and a special unit of terrorist interrogators . The change is based on a recommendation of a task force that the president created after he took office . The new unit will make sure that future interrogations meet certain restrictions outlined in a U.S. Army manual . Is this Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? There are officially nine planets in our solar system . Not legit ! According to the International Astronomical Union , there are eight planets , after Pluto was downgraded three years ago . Pondering Pluto AZUZ : Two U.S. states -- Illinois and New Mexico -- have voted to re-instate Pluto 's status as a planet . Three years ago , the International Astronomical Union voted that Pluto was a dwarf planet , and that knocked it off the list of official planets . So , what is a planet ? One : it orbits the sun . Two : it must be nearly round . Three : there ca n't be other objects in its path . That last one was the sticking point ; Pluto 's orbit has ice and rocks in its path . Other scientists argue that any round object that orbits the sun should be a planet , and that would include Pluto . Iraq Dust Storms AZUZ : Moving from planets to plant life , or the lack of it . It 's a problem in parts of Iraq , and it 's being caused by a process called desertification . That 's when plants and soil dry up and the land turns into a desert . Arwa Damon examines the impact that this is having in the Middle Eastern nation , not just on the plants , but on the people . BEGIN VIDEO ARWA DAMON , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : This is a typical dust storm : the unnatural and eerie orange glow , minimal visibility as suffocating tiny particles stirred up by desert winds descend on the people , causing obvious respiratory health concerns . Over the last few years , the frequency and intensity of these storms have increased , and experts say that 's an indication of a much more ominous problem : the desertification of Iraq . FADHIL FARAJI , MINISTRY OF AGRICULTURE : "  This is a real catastrophe , " Fadhil Faraji of Iraq 's agriculture ministry says , "  because this crisis threatens food security in this country . " DAMON : Iraq was among the region 's most fertile areas thanks to the flowing rivers of the Euphrates and the Tigris . But take a look at the Tigris today : it 's anything but flowing . In fact , no one who we have spoken to has ever seen its levels this low . Jawad Khadim and his father take us on a tour of their once fertile land , which has been in the family for generations . They show us their now dying crops . JAWAD KADHIM , FARMER : "  The risk with the increase of desertification , " he explains , "  is that farmers will leave their farms and start looking for new jobs . " DAMON : Their farm , for example , only produces around 50 percent of what it used to , barely enough to feed and clothe this extended family of 45 that relies on these lands . KADHIM GAZI , FARMER : "  There has been no rain in the past three years , " Khadim 's father tells us , "  and we 've had more sandstorms . We 've never experienced weather this bad . " DAMON : Iraq 's agriculture ministry estimates that 90 percent of the country 's lands now produce unprofitable food . FARAJI : "  When there is a food shortage , " Faraji warns , "  people will turn to other methods to get what they need , and that includes violence . " END VIDEO ID Me JONES : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm an island nation that 's located in the Caribbean Sea . I was settled by Spain , but I got my independence from the United Kingdom in 1962 . My capital city is Kingston . I 'm Jamaica ! And I 'm home to around 2.8 million people , including the fastest man in the world ! Bolt Mania AZUZ : It 's like he 's got lightning in his shoes . Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt , the "  fastest man in the world , " recently set two new records at the Berlin World Championships . Bolt bolted 100 meters in 9.58 seconds , 200 meters in 19.19 seconds - I do n't think I drive that fast . And while he was in Berlin , Fred Pleitgen found out that Bolt 's shoes are seeing success both on the track and in the bank . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP PEOPLE ON THE STREET : Usain Bolt , Usain Bolt . FREDERIK PLEITGEN , CNN CORRESPONDENT : It 's a one-man show . Fans lined up for hours at this Puma flagship store to meet the fastest man in the world . Bolt mania in Berlin . USAIN BOLT , FASTEST MAN IN THE WORLD : I think it is all my hard work and dedication . I 'm really dedicated to being a champion . I want to be a legend . So , I have to work really hard if I want to be a champion . So , I 'm just doing that and that 's it . PLEITGEN : How about this for legendary : Berlin dedicated an original piece of the infamous Berlin Wall to Bolt to be displayed in his homeland , Jamaica . BOLT : It 's definitely it 's an honor . I got my face painted all over it . I 'm going to put it in front of my house if I can get it there . I 'm looking for that . It was an honor getting a piece of the wall . PLEITGEN : Many are trying to grab a piece of the pie . There 's the Jamaican tourism board , and Puma 's Jamaica collection is flying off the shelves . Usain Bolt 's big success means big money for his sponsor Puma . You have the Usain Bolt hoodie shirt , a whole Jamaica collection , including t-shirts , and the Usain Bolt shoes , which are sold out in almost every store . JOCHEN ZEITZ , CEO , PUMA : He 's not just an athlete , he 's just an amazing personality , which I think for the first time gives a great opportunity to promote an athlete beyond his sport . He 's about fun , he 's about the Jamaican lifestyle , and that 's something that we 're also trying to incorporate into our collections . PLEITGEN : Puma believes Bolt 's advertising value goes into the hundreds of millions . Even Bolt 's dad says he 's never seen so many people sport Jamaica 's colors outside Jamaica . WELLESLEY BOLT , USAIN BOLT 'S FATHER : That surprises me . Everybody wants to be Jamaican now . PLEITGEN : But Puma may want to watch out . Head hunters are prowling their star athlete , even at this Puma event . Listen : MAN ON THE STREET : Here is a million dollar contract for you . We will make a million dollar contract . Here 's my contacts for a German company . Here 's my contacts , an advertising contract we would make . PLEITGEN : Bolt seemed less than interested , but for a man who can mobilize the masses like this , other offers are sure to follow . BOLT : Yes , yes this is a good one . PLEITGEN : Fred Pleitgen , CNN , Berlin . END VIDEO CLIP Promo AZUZ : If you teachers want to have a Shoutout dedicated to your class , and we know that a lot of you do . Make yourself stand out . Send us an iReport . You can see how at CNNStudentNews.com . Include a picture of yourself , your class or your school . It 's easy to do , and it might get you a dedicated Shoutout on our show . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , you might dream about showing up to your class reunion in a Ferrari or a Lamborghini . Any exhotic set of wheels . This guy decided he only needed two wheels - old school . But his wheels still impressed all his former classmates , especially since he rode them 800 miles to get there ! Oliver Seikel -- that is really his name -- he biked from Cleveland , Ohio to Boston , Massachusetts for his 50th college reunion just to prove to himself he was n't getting old . Goodbye AZUZ : Normally , we 'd make a pun here , but how can you top a biker who 's name is cycle ? Even if you tried , the wheels would just come off . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Learn why the U.S. government is investigating past CIA interrogation methods Explore the impact of desertification on Iraq 's plants and people Witness the whirlwind of success surrounding the world 's fastest man
CNN  -- The Ebola epidemic now raging across three countries in West Africa is three-fold larger than any other outbreak ever recorded for this terrible disease ; the only one to have occurred in urban areas and to cross national borders ; and officially urgent and serious . At least 1,090 people have contracted the awful disease this year , though the epidemic 's true scope is unknown because of widespread opposition to health authorities in afflicted Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . This week , 39-year-old physician Sheik Umar Khan -- labeled the country 's hero for his brave leadership of the epidemic fight -- died from Ebola , adding yet another public fear : that even the doctors can not escape the disease . But as terrifying as Ebola is , the virus has been controlled in the past , and can be again . The current crisis , which threatens an 11-nation region of Africa that includes the continent 's giant , Nigeria , is not a biological or medical one so much as it is political . The three nations in Ebola 's thrall need technical support from outsiders but will not succeed in stopping the virus until each nation 's leaders embrace effective governance . As was the case in Kikwit , Zaire , in 1995 -- an Ebola outbreak I personally was in as a journalist -- there is no vaccine or cure for the disease . The key to stopping its spread is rapid identification of the sick ; removal of the ailing and deceased from their homes ; and quarantine and high hygiene measures to prevent transmission of the virus to family members and health care workers . In the absence of such measures , Ebola will kill upwards of 70 % of those it infects , as the virus punches holes in veins , causing massive internal hemorrhaging and bleeding from the eyes , ears , mouth and all other orifices . Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone are among the poorest , least governed states in the world . About half of the nations ' adults are illiterate . The 11.75 million people of Guinea have a per capita annual income of merely $ 527 , and their combined male/female life expectancy is 58 years . In 2011 , the government of President Alpha Conde spent $ 7 on average per capita on health . Life is no better for the 4.2 million people living in neighboring Liberia , where per capita income is $ 454 , life expectancy is 62 years and the government of President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf spends $ 18 per capita on health . In Sierra Leone , the 6 million residents have a per capita income of $ 809 per year , life expectancy is merely 46 years , and the government of the President , Dr. Ernest Bai Koroma , spent $ 13 per capita last year on health . Since Ebola first broke out in March in Guinea , fear has gripped the region , coupled with suspicion and wild rumors . Some have proclaimed the epidemic "  divine retribution " for past sins . In April , Guinean health officials failed to quarantine an Ebola patient who reportedly spread the virus from a remote area to the capital -- a lapse that undermined government credibility . In April , a mob claiming that foreigners were spreading diseases attacked a Doctors Without Borders clinic in rural Guinea and forced the Nobel Peace Prize-winning group to abandon its mission . The charity returned only after it had negotiated its safety with local religious leaders . In the capital city of Conakry , families have been hiding their ailing relatives . Even the local Red Cross was forced to abandon a part of the country after men brandishing knives surrounded them . And in one district , police fired tear gas at a mob that was trying to raid the morgue in order to give their loved ones proper burials , despite the risk of contagion . As the epidemic spread to Sierra Leone in May , brought in by a traditional healer who tended to ailing Guineans and then returned home , similar problems surfaced . Family members defied a local quarantine , thereby spreading infection . By the end of May , authorities were losing track of Ebola sufferers amid widespread fleeing from health facilities ; the toll of missing patients approached 60 by June . Some local leaders spread rumors that "  the white people " were conducting experiments , infecting Sierra Leonians or cutting off people 's limbs . Doctors Without Borders warned that widespread belief that Ebola does not exist threatened to spread the disease regionally . Today the word "  Ebola " carries so much stigma that few ailing individuals even seek diagnosis . By the end of June , the epidemic was exploding in Liberia , fueled by the same sorts of denial and wild rumors that were rampant in Sierra Leone and Guinea . In one county , men with weapons chased off government health workers . Today , the World Health Organization is officially loath to say so , but under these circumstances , this epidemic is beyond anybody 's control . Nobody , in any culture , relishes having their ailing loved ones removed from a family 's care , or their bodies hauled off to ignominious mass graves . But the violent reaction to such measures in West Africa is far more extreme than anything that has occurred in other Ebola crises since the virus 's first appearance in Zaire in 1976 . This should come as no surprise to anybody with a modicum of knowledge of recent history . The nations of Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone have a shared , brutal history of civil wars that since 1989 have left more than 400,000 people dead , displaced half a million people from their traditional homes , seen rape used as a weapon against tens of thousands of girls and women , and put Liberia 's former President behind bars as a war criminal . One of the most heinous features of the 1989-to-2005 wars was public amputation , typically carried out by child soldiers . The violence began in 1980 when Samuel Doe killed President William Tolbert and then tyrannized Liberia for a decade , growing rich off its diamond trade . In 1990 , rebels invaded the country from Ivory Coast , captured Doe , tortured him , dragged him naked through the streets of Monrovia , and then executed him . Charles Taylor took over the nation , running it until 2003 . Taylor , in turn , helped his comrade Foday Sankoh seize control of Sierra Leone , and they systematically exploited their nations ' mines , leading to the United Nations term "  blood diamonds . " What you need to know about the deadliest ever outbreak With help from Guinea , a second civil war started in 1999 in Liberia , eventually engaging multiple warring factions , each more brutal than the other . It spilled over into Sierra Leone and was egged on by military elements in Nigeria . By 2000 , all three of the now-Ebola-torn countries were embroiled . Taylor fled into exile in Nigeria in 2003 , and both he and Sankoh faced U.N. war crimes trials . Sankoh died of a heart attack before his trial ; Taylor is now imprisoned . In these three nations , few families have not experienced murders , rapes , torture , maiming , loss of homes and death . Fear , suspicion , poverty , pain and superstition are the norm , the noise that everybody lives with , every minute of their lives . Ebola is simply a new scream heard above that terrible background din . The challenge today in these barely functioning states is to find ways to lower the overall noise , focus on stopping the Ebola virus , and bring governance and peace to three countries that have rarely experienced either .	Laurie Garrett : Ebola epidemic in Sierra Leone , Guinea , Liberia worst ever , could be controlled She says poor governance , ignorance , hysteria have stoked opposition to health care She says key doctor in Ebola fight now stricken , adding new fear that no one can escape Garrett : Lacking governance , desperately poor citizens superstitious , avoid treatment
CNN  -- A satellite and the unmanned rocket that carried it apparently crashed into the Pacific Ocean shortly after lifting off from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California on Friday morning , NASA said . A protective shell atop the Taurus XL rocket did not separate as planned , slowing the rocket and preventing it from going into orbit , NASA officials said , citing initial information . The rocket carried a satellite , known as Glory , that was to have collected information to help scientists better understand the Earth 's climate . The satellite and rocket apparently fell into the southern Pacific , they said . "  This is a pretty tough night for all of us , " said NASA official Ron Grabe . The mission was designed to collect data that scientists planned to use to better understand how the sun and tiny atmospheric particles called aerosols affect the Earth 's climate . NASA went into contingency mode about six minutes into the launch at 5:09 a.m. ET . "  Glory Launch : It looks like we have a problem with launch . Standby , " NASA said on Twitter . "  The launch team is working through its launch contingency plan , including collecting data from the launch . "	NEW : Rocket , satellite thought to be in Pacific A spacecraft contingency was declared about six minutes after launch The spacecraft will not reach orbit
CNN  -- The National Institutes of Health will "  substantially reduce " the use of chimpanzees in NIH-funded biomedical research and retire most of the chimps it currently owns or supports , the agency said Wednesday . NIH Director Francis Collins accepted most of the recommendations issued in January by an NIH working group , according to an NIH statement . "  Americans have benefited greatly from the chimpanzees ' service to biomedical research , but new scientific methods and technologies have rendered their use in research largely unnecessary , " Collins said . "  Their likeness to humans has made them uniquely valuable for certain types of research , but also demands greater justification for their use . " The agency will , however , "  retain but not breed " up to 50 chimpanzees for future biomedical research , the NIH said . Those that remain available for research will be selected based on research projects meeting the Institute of Medicine 's principles and criteria for NIH funding . That 's in line with the working group 's report , which suggested about 50 chimps be kept for potential research needs . Chimpanzees share about 99 % of their DNA with humans . Hundreds of research chimps may be retired The January recommendations were issued regarding about 360 chimpanzees owned by the NIH , classified as either "  research active " or "  research inactive . " Another 91 chimps eligible for research live at the Texas Biomedical Research Institute in San Antonio . Officials said in January the NIH supports their maintenance but could not itself retire the animals . A separate group of 219 NIH-supported chimpanzees was previously retired and lives at Chimp Haven Inc. in Keithville , Louisiana , or the New Iberia Research Center at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette . Chimp Haven operates the Federal Sanctuary System , established in 2002 and overseen by the NIH . About 150 chimps are in the sanctuary system . The Texas Biomedical Research Institute , however , said it was "  disappointed " in the NIH response to the recommendations . While it agrees with chimps should be provided with "  an appropriate environment , " and said some important biomedical research can be conducted with a pool of 50 chimps , "  this arbitrarily chosen number is not sufficient to enable the rapid development of better preventions and cures for hepatitis B and C , which kill a million people every year , " the institute said . Fifty chimps is also not enough to ensure progress in testing aimed at treating autoimmune diseases and some forms of cancer , it said , or even to research prevention and cures of diseases including Ebola hemorrhagic fever and chimpanzee AIDS , "  which are contributing to the extinction of chimpanzees and gorillas . " As the number of available chimpanzees drops below 50 as the animals die due to natural causes , the pace of research "  will be slowed even more , and human and chimpanzee lives will be lost unnecessarily due to delays in bringing new drugs and vaccines to market , " the institute said in a statement . New Mexico chimps wo n't be used in additional research , pending review The IOM , it noted , recognized that new or re-emerging diseases may require the use of chimps , and recommended NIH establish a breeding program for future research needs . In its statement , the NIH also pledged to provide facilities similar to those chimps would encounter in their natural environments , with space requirements yet to be determined ; and "  wind down " research projects using NIH-owned or supported chimps that "  do not meet IOM principles and criteria in a way that preserves the research and minimizes the impact on the animals . " A provision currently limits the amount of funding NIH may put toward retiring chimps and caring for them in the Federal Sanctuary System . The agency said it would continue working with Congress to remedy that . But , said Texas Biomedical Research Institute , "  We are disappointed that the NIH intends to transfer the remaining NIH-owned and NIH-supported chimpanzees to the federal sanctuary and to seek additional taxpayer money from Congress for that purpose . " Sending most of the animals to the sanctuary "  would take them away from their caregivers , many of whom they have known all of their lives , " the institute said . "  It would also deprive them of the state-of-the-art medical and diagnostic capabilities that have been developed at chimpanzee research facilities over several decades with taxpayer money . " The NIH decision "  culminates more than two years of intensive deliberations among NIH leadership , independent chimpanzee experts , researchers , bioethicists and members of the public , " said Dr. James Anderson , NIH 's deputy director for program coordination , planning and strategic initiatives , in the statement . Anderson 's division oversees the NIH Chimpanzee Management Program . Restricted use of chimps in government research recommended A study was commissioned in December 2010 to examine the "  continued scientific need " for chimpanzees in NIH-funded research . A year later , the IOM said most current use of chimps in biomedical research was unnecessary , and the use that was needed should be guided by principles and criteria . The advisory committee began its work the same month and presented its report in January . Recently , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service issued a proposed rule listing captive chimpanzees and endangered . "  NIH expects to adapt its policies for research projects using chimpanzees to comply with the conservation guidelines that the USFWS establishes in a potential final rule , " according to the NIH statement . Laboratory chimps get new lease on life CNN 's Elizabeth Landau and Kim Segal contributed to this report .	Chimps ' use in medical research is "  largely unnecessary , " says NIH director The agency will retain , but not breed , about 50 chimps for future needs A Texas research institute says it 's "  disappointed " with the NIH decision
CNN  Like many 23-year-olds , Alain Nteff has big dreams . What sets him apart from most , however , is what he 's actually trying to achieve : wiping out maternal mortality . The Cameroonian entrepreneur is the co-founder of Gifted Mom , a mobile health platform that uses low-cost technology to help mothers and pregnant women access medical advice in out-of-the-way , rural communities . His invention landed him an invitation to the World Economic Forum in Davos this year , where he was one of this year 's Global Shapers , a group of 20 to 30-year-olds who are tipped for future leadership roles . He was also the youngest participant . The seed for the Gifted Mom idea was planted in 2012 when Nteff , then a 20-year-old engineering student , visited a hospital in rural Cameroon where his friend Conrad Tankou was doing his medical practice . There he witnessed several mothers and newborns die from conditions that could have been predicted and managed with proper antenatal care . Nteff was deeply affected by what he saw , and together with Tankou started thinking of ways in which they could use their skills to tackle the issue of maternal and infant mortality . "  I 'm passionate about using technology to solve problems in my community , and I just saw it as an opportunity to apply my engineering to solve one of the world 's biggest and oldest problems , " says Nteff . Low-cost , far reach His answer was to create an SMS service that expectant and new mothers could register for to receive advice about their health , including why it 's important to have regular check-ups : "  We realized that there was a need to create a low cost channel to educate women on when they should go for antenatal care and when they should take their babies for vaccination , " says the entrepreneur . Initially only eight women signed up , but through word-of-mouth the reputation of Gifted Mom grew , and today the service has 2,100 subscribers across the whole country . Registering is easy -- a woman just has to text MOM to 8006 to receive a call back and get help signing up . Or , she can text a particular health question to the same number and get a reply from a doctor . Gifted Mom works with the Mobile Alliance for Maternal Action , a USAID-backed movement that uses mobile technology to improve maternal health in the developing world , and a team of medical doctors led by Tankou to find answers to the queries . "  The SMS we sent to the first pregnant woman was special -- she said that when she read it she felt so much joy , and she was telling me ' I feel now that somebody 's got my back , ' " says Nteff . There is a one-off subscription fee of less than one dollar , but all subsequent messages which include alerts for when vaccinations for newborns are due , are free . In order to include the roughly 17 % of Cameroonian women who are illiterate , the Gifted Mom team are also developing voice technology in four widely spoken traditional languages . Last September , Nteff was named the grand prize winner of the $ 25,000 Anzisha Prize , a pan-African award celebrating entrepreneurs aged 15-22 who 've come up with innovative ways to solve problems in their communities , or have launched successful businesses in their areas . "  The message I am trying to send out with my team is that the problem of maternal and infant death is not a woman issue -- it 's a humanitarian issue , " he says . "  Everybody should take -LSB- it -RSB- seriously -- we all have mothers , we all have sisters , and it 's not just a problem for women or girls . Game of odds Improving maternal health has been one of U.N. 's Millennium Development Goals , and while the maternal mortality ratio has dropped by 45 % between 1990 and 2013 , a woman 's odds for survival dramatically depend on where she delivers her baby . In the developed world , the risk of dying during pregnancy or childbirth is one in 3700 , but in Sub-Saharan Africa that number jumps to one in 38 -- nearly a hundred times more . Cameroon has particularly bad odds for expectant mothers , with over 590 maternal deaths per 100,000 live births which is one of the highest ratios in both Africa and the world . Around 64 % of new mothers in the country do n't receive any medical check-ups after delivering a baby according to the World Health Organization . Alain Nteff thinks that this could be because women living in remote communities with no hospitals and health centers often do n't know what steps they need to take to ensure that they and their newborns are healthy . "  Our mission is really to create a world of mothers who are gifted . A world that is free of maternal and infant death -- a world of gifted moms , " he says . More from African Start-Up Read this : How to start a booming biz with $ 10 Read this : Catch a ride on a bamboo bike	Gifted Mom is a mobile health platform which uses low-cost technology to help mothers and pregnant women access medical advice It was started by the 23-year-old Cameroonian entrepreneur Alain Nteff Gifted Mom sends pregnant women and mothers alert for vaccinations , checkups and answers their medical queries A woman is nearly 100 times more at risk of dying during childbirth or pregnancy in Africa than in the developed world
CNN  They were not-so-affectionately dubbed the "  bed-wetters " by then-Obama senior adviser David Plouffe . The definition : Democrats who run to the hills every time there 's a bump in the road . The Chicken Littles . The woe-is-us crowd . Well , they 're at it again . Not surprisingly , it 's because of the Hillary Clinton email brouhaha , an unforced error that is now ricocheting around the political world . And the home team stands in place , just watching , somewhat stunned . But Democrats do n't actually have the luxury of standing by and seeing how this all plays out . Hillary Clinton is their candidate ; their putative nominee . "  Their only viable plan is to make her the best candidate possible , " says one senior Democratic strategist . "  And from time to time , this may require an intervention . " Now might be a good time . But while the anxious Democrats shake their heads about the state of affairs -- and the lack of serious alternatives in the presidential lineup -- they might do well to look at themselves . Over the past six years , there 's been a sharp structural decline of elected Democrats everywhere below the presidential level . Sure , we all know about how the Republicans regained control of the Senate in 2014 , but what about the fact that blue-state governors fell like tent poles ? Or that GOP governors now outnumber the Democrats by almost two-to-one , 31 to 18 . Or that Republicans have complete control of nearly three times as many state legislatures as the Democrats , 30 to 11 . And down the ballot , Democrats under Obama have lost more than 900 state legislative seats : the worst showing of any modern president . That 's eye-popping . So , the conventional judgment that the Clinton behemoth is just too big -- too well funded , too well supported , too historic -- all helps account for the paucity of alternatives , to be sure . But there 's much , much more to it than the phenom of Bigfoot Hillary . It 's the phenom of Barack Obama , too -- and the very strong counterforces he 's generated around the country . The gains at the presidential level have not been cost-free : The country is polarized , the Democrats are often on defense and they 're losing ground . One result : a thin presidential bench , which is painfully evident . Clinton asks State to release emails : What you need to know And if you take a peek at those blue-state governors who might be president , consider this : At 76 , Jerry Brown , an able leader , is probably past his sell-by date for a presidential bid . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo has made very few moves to raise his national profile . And Democratic governors are very thin on the ground in the heartland . Any time you have Republicans winning the gubernatorial races in Massachusetts , Illinois and Maryland , Democrats should pay attention . As has been the case with other presidents , for Obama party-building has not been on top of the agenda . But it shows . And so when Hillary Clinton runs into some trouble , the Democrats ought to worry . The Republicans have a deep and varied field ; the Democrats have one real horse in the race no matter how much she stumbles out of the gate . Speaking of Hillary Clinton , part of the problem right now is situational . Those Democrats who want to defend her say there 's a problem -- they 're not quite sure what they 're defending , because they 're not sure exactly what happened , or why . In other words , the wagons are circled , but the surrogates are left outside . Next , while Team Clinton may have considered the upside of waiting to announce her candidacy  Why not let the GOP battle it out ? No need to give the GOP early target practice ?  , the downside is now obvious : How do you mount a defense with no real or organized apparatus to respond ? If you 're out there making personal appearances , it looks odd to ignore the elephant in the room . No matter how much you tweet about it . Clinton 's stumbles fuel Democratic critics Bottom line , there is no organized pushback and there is no Plan B.  OK , Jim Webb , Martin O'Malley and Bernie Sanders , we know who you are , and that you 're probably running , but still .  Or at least no Big Plan B . The pre-presidential league on the Democratic side is not exactly overflowing with big-time candidates .  Unless you think Vice President Joe Biden is running or Secretary of State John Kerry is running , which they likely are not . Same for Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren . So "  bed-wetters , " beware . The truth is simple : Your job is to defend Hillary Clinton , not to bury her . Yes , it can be hard . Even annoying . But think about it this way : If you do n't , her problems become your own .	Gloria Borger : Democratic Party has no real alternative for 2016 and its bench is painfully thin She says it may not be fun , but Democrats have no choice but to defend Clinton on issues like the email question
CNN  -- Swimmer Michael Phelps , the most-decorated Olympian of all time , tweeted Sunday that he is taking a break from the sport "  to attend a program that will provide the help I need to better understand myself . " According to his official Twitter account , "  Swimming is a major part of my life , but right now I need to focus my attention on me as an individual . " The decision comes after he was charged last week with driving under the influence of alcohol , excessive speed and crossing double lines on Interstate 95 in Baltimore . The 22-time Olympic medalist , 29 , was arrested Tuesday about 1:40 a.m. and later released , police said . According to media reports , police said his blood-alcohol content was .14 . Last week 's arrest is not Phelps ' first run-in with the law In 2004 , he was arrested on charges of driving under the influence in Salisbury , Maryland . He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 18 months probation . He also issued an apology after that incident . Five years later , a photograph of him smoking marijuana at a party surfaced . "  I 'll make a million mistakes in my life , but as long as I never make the same mistake again , then I 've been able to learn and grow , " Phelps said in 2012 . He also said that the incident made him realize who his real friends were . Of Phelps ' record-smashing 22 Olympic medals , 18 are gold , including the eight he won in 2008 at the Beijing Olympics . Phelps returned to competitive swimming in April and raced for the United States in August at the Pan Pacific Swimming Championships , his first international meet since the Olympics  and two years before the next Games in Brazil  .	Phelps tweets that he will get "  the help I need to better understand myself " He was arrested early Tuesday , accused of driving with a blood-alcohol level of .14 Olympic medalist returned to competitive swimming in April
CNN  -- Years ago , a friend of mine considered getting a mobile phone , but he opted for a car phone instead . He just could n't imagine needing to call someone when he was walking around . As humans , we often have a hard time seeing the significance of new technologies . When the telephone came out , the telegraph companies dismissed it as "  idiotic . " Many of the first television programs consisted of people reading radio scripts . According to popular legend , Thomas Watson of IBM once declared that the worldwide market for computers was "  five . " When the web arrived , it was like an entirely new dimension . It allowed us to publish things into "  cyberspace , " where anyone could see them . We could instantly pull up facts on any topic . Soon e-commerce emerged , allowing us to research products , buy things with one click and track our shipments in real-time . Social networks allowed us to publish profiles and learn about others in ways never before possible . It was a Cambrian explosion of knowledge . To this day , we struggle to remember what life was like without it . Should we fear mind-reading future tech ? The physical world , by comparison , is pre-internet . Each day we walk past buildings wondering what they are . We wait at busy intersections , hoping that a taxi will eventually come our way . We go to clothing stores blindly hoping to find things we like , and we cross paths with thousands of people , knowing nothing about them . For some reason this does not seem weird to us . It has always been this way . For the second time in as many decades , a new dimension is opening up . The mobile phones that once seemed so useless are now everywhere . And they are powerful -- with GPS receivers , gyroscopes , accelerometers , and proximity sensors . They can speak to other databases , access the internet , and publish things into the air above our heads . It 's a new type of spatial web : one that gives us real-time data about the people , places and things physically around us . Mapping and local search apps like Yelp have been popular since the early days of the iPhone . More recently , improvements in battery life and location technology have given rise to services like Uber and Lyft , which let you request a ride and track your driver as a moving dot on a map , coming to pick you up . TaskRabbit and Exec do similar things for local errands , and HotelTonight lets you book a last minute hotel nearby with the tap of a button . This new web is also changing the way we socialize . Imagine if you could see information about the people standing near you . Your phone could notify you when friends were nearby , help you remember people 's names , and surface the hidden connections you have with others in the room . Just by looking at someone you could know all about them . This is what we are building at Highlight . Do our mobiles own us ? New hardware devices like Pebble and Google Glass will be the early browsers of this spatial web , allowing us to see this information without pulling out our phones . Eventually it 'll move to contact lens overlays . With improved battery life and storage technology , we 'll be able to capture our entire lives on video  or some equivalent  and recall the past at any time . Imagine being able to go back to the first moment you met your wife or relive a family vacation you took when you were eight years old . The social , legal , and psychological implications are just staggering . So how do we feel about this shift ? It 's been fascinating to see how people react to Highlight . At first , the idea of sharing a profile with the people around you is a bit jarring to some . It 's not because we are inherently opposed to the idea . It 's because we 've never even had to consider it . It just has n't been possible until now . Just like with the Web , we need to figure out how we want to use this technology . What things do we want to share ? What should the social norms be ? What privacy settings do we want ? The potential of this technology is tremendous . Knowing more about the world around you just makes life better . It makes you more informed and educated . It saves time and reduces inefficiencies . Most importantly , it makes people friendlier . They smile more , talk more , see the hidden connections around them . In another decade , we are going to look back and wonder how we ever got by without this , and how we lived for so long blind to the world around us . I am excited for that day to come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Davison .	New tech has always been met with doubt , criticism but in the end , real-world application prevails , says Davison Google Glass and Pebble will be the first to combine the physical world and the web Davison argues this new tech creates more social people who are more informed and educated
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Six gay men were shot dead by members of their tribe in two separate incidents in the past 10 days , an official with Iraq 's Interior ministry said . In the most recent attack , two men were killed Thursday in Sadr City area of Baghdad after they were disowned by relatives , the official said . The shootings came after a tribal meeting was held and the members decided to go after the victims . On March 26 , four additional men were fatally shot in the same city , the official said , adding that the victims had also been disowned by their relatives . The official declined to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media . Witnesses told CNN that a Sadr City cafe , which was a popular gathering spot for gays , was also set on fire .	In the most recent attack , two men were killed Thursday in Sadr City area of Baghdad Witnesses tell CNN a Sadr City cafe , also popular with gay men , was set on fire Shootings came after tribal meeting when members decided to go after the victims
CNN  -- Even for an employed schoolteacher like Narinder , it is hard to find a bride these days . Narinder is a shy , slender 36-year old with a certain anxiety about him -- as if he has resigned to a fate that he is unable to change . He is very polite and at first , reluctant to talk about his situation . Narinder is one of four sons and only one of his brothers has managed to get married . In his district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , there are only 858 girls born for every 1,000 boys , a ratio that does n't occur naturally without medical intervention . The northwestern state of Uttar Pradesh is home to one of the largest skewed sex ratios in India . INFOGRAPHIC : India 's gender gap "  Only the rich and men with government jobs manage to get a bride these days , " he says . "  Anyone who earns less can not find a bride here anymore . " In India 's conservative society , remaining a bachelor is not an option . A new bride would help his parents , he says . "  They would have had an easier life . They would have had someone to cook and to take care of them . " She should clean . She should run the household . She should bear children . And Narinder plans to share her with his two unmarried brothers , who live in the same house . But he can not find a bride in his village , where so few exist . So , he contacted an agent to find one from another state . Narinder may be a victim of the heavily-skewed male sex ratio in his community ; more broadly , the desire to buy a bride is also fueling bride trafficking . Decades of sex-selective abortion have created an acute lack of women in certain parts of India . Traffickers capitalize on the shortage by recruiting or kidnapping women ensnared in poverty to sell as brides . It 's a cycle influenced by poverty and medical technologies , but one that ultimately is perpetuated by India 's attitude towards women . India grapples with rape and sexual violence Where India 's trafficked brides come from Across the country , in the northeastern state of Assam , the sobs of a couple fill a hut made of mud and bamboo . An aging couple can not hold back their tears when they look at a passport-sized image of a dark-haired teenager , whose expression is washed out by water spots . This faded photo is all what 's left of Jaida , their 16-year-old daughter . Jaida 's family ended up in the village of mud houses at a safe distance from the Brahmaputra River , after floods had destroyed their livelihood . The family retains a few of their possessions : pots , pans , a few goats and two Indian daybeds . They had no access to farmland and Jaida 's father earned a living by weaving baskets and mats out of straw . Jaida disappeared more than two years ago from their makeshift settlement along the Brahmaputra River . She was last seen talking to a stranger on a rainy day . Her parents ' hopes rest with Shafiq Khan , a human rights activist , who has come to find out why more than 3,000 women went missing in the state of Assam in 2012 . The National Crime Records Bureau estimated in 2012 that about 10 women are kidnapped in Assam every day . Some of these women are found again . Some go missing forever . Eastern Indian states like Assam , Jharkhand , West Bengal and Odisha turn into source areas for bride trafficking , because they have much more balanced sex ratios . Meanwhile , India 's northwestern states are more conservative and also more affluent , meaning they 're able to afford ultrasound scans and selective abortions . Halida , a 14-year-old girl , lives in a neighboring village , near Jaida 's family . In December 2012 , as a violent gang rape in Delhi shocked the world , Halida was fetching water when she was kidnapped by a man on a motorbike . He took Halida to a house , locked her up and raped her over two days . Only when the man said that he would sell her in Delhi , did Halida muster the courage to escape . Opinion : India can learn respect for women While Halida managed to escape her captor , she could not escape the blame her community cast on her . When her village found out about the attack , children started to tease her , making school a nightmare . Nobody would hire her father , a day-laborer , so he has to venture ever further afield in search of work . During the interview , Halida 's mother sat quietly in a corner , but did n't hide her opinions : That her daughter had brought shame on the whole family . Shafiq Khan , the human rights advocate , says there is a cruel logic to this : Rape is a means for the trafficker to exert power over their victims . And the social stigma attached to rape puts the victim in an even more vulnerable situation . India 's northeastern states have all the ingredients for turning poor women into traffickers ' prey . The question is why ? Opinion : Where have India 's females gone ? When everyone wants a son India 's preference for sons transcends all religions and castes . "  As fertility declines , people choose not only the number of children they have , but also choose the sex of the child , " says Poonam Muttreja , a prominent campaigner for women 's rights and an adviser to the government . "  And everyone wants a son . " The skewed sex ratio is due to what Puneet Bedi , a Delhi suburb gynecologist , calls "  mass murder on an unprecedented scale . " Census data shows some districts in India have fewer than 800 girls born for every 1,000 boys , leaving male-heavy villages . A maverick amongst India 's medical community , Bedi accuses his colleagues of helping parents use ultrasound scans to determine the sex of the baby and abort females , because of a cultural preference for sons . If this practice does n't stop , Bedi fears the worst for the future of India . "  The social fabric of society we accept as normal is unimaginable when a good 20 or 30 % of the women are missing , " he says . Opinion : How terrible is it to be born a girl ? Why such a strong preference for sons exists is a matter of heated debate . Some point out that it is expensive to marry off daughters , because of the practice of dowry . Although dowry is outlawed in India , this practice persists . Others maintain that daughters only look after their in-laws , instead of their birth parents , when they grow old . Muttreja calls this pure myth . Women have been shown to be much more reliable when it comes to looking after relatives or using their earnings responsibly , she says . "  While working women send money back to their families , men hold back money for liquor , cigarettes and perhaps going to sex workers , too , " she says . The middle-class especially selects for sons , suggesting that economic development is n't likely to solve the problem , according to recent census data . When brides are sold Although women are outnumbered by men in northwestern states , trafficked brides do not arrive into their new homes as prized wives . They have a name for the purchased brides -- paro -- which is derogatory for foreigner or stranger . We met 32 of them in a village of less than 1,000 people in the northeastern state of Haryana . Tasleema and her sister Akhleema are originally from Kolkata . Their family was so poor , they decided to sell them to a trafficker . The sisters are married to two brothers in a dusty village in Haryana . During their childhood in Kolkata , they recalled , on a few lucky days , there was money to go to the cinema . After being sold as brides , their lives are spent cooking , cleaning and working in the fields . They tell us of beatings and abuse . "  Even the village children talk to us like dogs , " the sisters say . Faced with the allegations , the husbands maintain they paid more than $ 2,000 to traffickers , before they married the sisters . They emphasize that the men are stigmatized too , because they did n't manage to find a bride locally and instead had to buy one of the "  paro " women . "  Patriarchy is so entrenched in our society . Girls are unwelcome visitor  s  in our own homes , and that 's how they are treated , " says Muttreja , the activist . The men and women alike speak of their situation with surprising frankness . The public outrage after the Delhi rape case has shown India 's ability for self-criticism and the willingness of a significant part of its society to leave behind a deeply entrenched patriarchy . But this vicious cycle of aborting girls , kidnapping women and selling off brides continues -- the byproduct of a culture that sees sons as a blessing and daughters as a curse .	Employed schoolteacher seeks to purchase bride and with the intention of sharing her with unmarried brothers Bride trafficking is part of a vicious cycle that aborts females and causes a shortage of women Fewer than 800 girls are born for every 1,000 boys in certain Indian states leaving male-heavy villages Shortage fuels bride trafficking where women are kidnapped and sold
CNN  -- Top officials in Moscow have accepted a French offer to help supply the Russian navy with two new amphibious assault warships , French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's office said Friday . The offer came from a consortium led by two French manufacturers -- DCNS and STX -- working in conjunction with Russian shipyards . Two additional warships may be constructed , bringing the total to four , Sarkozy 's office said . Sarkozy and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev "  welcomed the implementation of this unprecedented cooperation that will benefit the industry and employment in both countries , " said a statement from Sarkozy 's office . It "  illustrates the willingness and ability of France and Russia develop partnerships in all major areas , including defense and security . " The deal will create 5 million hours of work for an estimated 1,000 people over four years around the French town of Saint-Nazaire , according to the statement .	French-led consortium will help build at least two new Russian naval vessels The deal will help employ 1,000 people for four years around Saint-Nazaire , France
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Noble is one of the best companies in the world at managing the sourcing , processing and transportation of raw materials , whether they are coal or food grains . Richard Elman , the founder and CEO of the Noble Group It has been a long journey for its founder , Richard Elman , who began the company 20 years ago , he says , simply to make a living . From $ 100,000 of his own money , he has grown Noble Group into a $ 15 billion supply chain management business with offices in over 40 countries . Not bad for a man , who at the tender age of 15 , decided to drop out of school and start his career working in a scrapmetal yard . CNN 's Andrew Stevens caught up with Elman at his Hong Kong headquarters , and began by asking why he chose work over the classroom . Elman : Total failure in school -- I did n't have a choice . You have to be pragmatic . When you fail all your O levels what else do you do with your life ? I actually did n't have a clue what to do with my life . And my parents had found this job for me and I took to it naturally , I suppose . And I have not looked back since . Stevens : Your parents found you the job ; was there an element of you which had to fight against disappointment perhaps , your father obviously a high achiever ? Elman : Oh , my father -- it took me many years to build a level stage with my father . He was hugely disappointed . He was highly intellectual . But ultimately I think he recognized , in the latter part of his life , suddenly I had some success and I think , actually , he was quite proud . Stevens : Was it a difficult relationship , in the early days after you left school , with your father ? Elman : Well , he was just disappointed , you know . He taught me something which is probably true and I try to pass it to my kids . Whatever happens in life , you can not take away education . So if you are trained as a barrister or a lawyer , you can go anywhere in the world and make a living . If you only have physical possessions , they can be taken away from you depending on war or whatever may happen . Stevens : We have had the Asian economic crisis , we have had a lot of downs , what lessons have you taken away from all that , those lessons of adversity ? Elman : I think you just have got to look forward . You can not look back . We have had the , probably the first big crisis that we had was the Tiananmen Square incident and that was a huge problem for us because I think 90 percent of our business was in China and one day we were closed down . Then we had the 1997 crisis and we had just listed in Singapore . And suddenly the stock had gone from 80 cents , or whatever it was down to 10 cents . Stevens : Let 's just come back to Tiananmen Square for a moment . 90 percent of your business is in China , there is a crisis there . How did you react ? Elman : Honestly ? I called some people to the office on a Monday morning , I put out on a spread sheet our exposure in China . I took one look at it , I lifted all of the papers off my desk , threw them in the air and said "  This crisis is too big . Let 's get on with the business . " It was as simple as that . Stevens : Nothing you could do . Elman : I did n't know how to control it . It was beyond me , certainly beyond me . But we carried on and we had some requests from certain people to continue shipping and certain people said could we assist them and pay some debt that they had to pay because the banks had been closed at the time and we did it . And that , I think , was fundamental to the future of the company , because we helped out people when they needed help , and people have respected that and helped us out as well , when we have needed help . So it was a good experience actually , at the end of the day . E-mail to a friend	Richard Elman is the founder and CEO of the Noble Group He founded the company 20 years ago , with $ 100,000 of his own money Richard left school at 15 , and has worked his way to business success
CNN  -- A male suicide bomber dressed in women 's clothing killed three members of Somalia 's U.N.-backed interim government and 16 others Thursday when he detonated at a medical school graduation ceremony in Mogadishu , government officials and witnesses said . The Transitional Federal Government said Education Minister Abdullahi Wayel , Health Minister Qamar Aden and Higher Education Minister Ibrahim Hassan Adow were among the dead after the bomber attacked Banadir University 's medical school commencement . The African Union , which leads a peacekeeping mission in Somalia , put the death toll at 19 . The victims also included nine students and two doctors , according to a professor at Banadir University , while journalists said two of their colleagues died in the blast . In addition , Sports Minister Suleman Olad Roble was hospitalized in critical condition , his relatives told local media . Somali President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed blamed the Islamist rebel group Al-Shabaab for the attack and displayed what he said was the body of the bomber for reporters , a local journalist who attended the news conference told CNN . The body the president displayed had a beard . The president also showed the remains of the suicide belt and shreds of a hijab -- a garment worn by some Muslim women to reflect modesty -- at the news conference , according to the journalist , whom CNN is not naming for security reasons . At the United Nations , the Security Council condemned the bombing as an act of terrorism against "  people dedicated to building a peaceful , stable and prosperous future for the people of Somalia . " It urged a "  thorough investigation " and expressed hope that those responsible would "  be brought swiftly to justice . " "  The Security Council expresses its deepest sympathies and condolences to the families of those killed and to those injured in the attack , as well as to the Transitional Federal Government and the people of Somalia , " the council 's current president , Burkina Faso 's U.N. Ambassador Michel Kafando , said Thursday . Video of the graduation ceremony showed Dr. Osman Dufle , the country 's former health minister , speaking as the camera begins to shake -- apparently from the explosion . Afterward , Dufle told journalists that he saw a person dressed in black moving through the audience just before the blast , according to the Radio Mogadishu journalist . Al-Shabaab is made up of former allies of Ahmed , once a leader of the Islamist movement that briefly held power in Mogadishu in 2006 . Adow , a Somali-American , served as the foreign secretary of the Islamic Courts Union when it held Mogadishu . But while Ahmed and other former members of the ICU accepted a U.N.-brokered peace agreement with the government they once fought , Al-Shabaab -- which the United States says has links to al Qaeda -- has rejected the peace agreement and has waged a bloody campaign against the transitional government . The African Union 's peacekeeping mission AMISOM condemned Thursday 's attack . It vowed to "  spare no efforts to ensure that the perpetrators of this act and such heinous crimes against humanity being carried out in Somalia " will be brought to justice . The journalists killed were Mohamed Amiin Abdullah of Shabelle Media Network and freelance cameraman Hassan Ahmed Hagi , who worked closely with the network . CNN regularly works with Shabelle Media . The African Union condemned the attack , saying it would "  spare no efforts to ensure that perpetrators of this act and such heinous crimes against humanity being carried out in Somalia " will be brought to justice . The National Union of Somali Journalists also condemned the attack and said it brought the number of journalists killed in the country this year to eight . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	Three government ministers , two journalists , two professors and nine students among 19 killed Attack struck ceremony held at Hotel Shamo for Banadir University 's medical school President blamed Islamist group Al-Shabaab for attack
CNN  -- As the story goes , in 2010 there was a dramatic political course correction . The electorate that just two years earlier had overwhelmingly voted for hope and change , sweeping Democrats into office , up and down the ballot , across the country , had buyers ' remorse . America changed its mind after 2008 and broke hard for the tea party , building a wave that would devastate Democrats . At least that 's the conventional lazy narrative about the 2010 midterm elections . That narrative draws a picture of a tea party wave that swept Republicans to victory on the back of a set of conservative policies in reaction to President Barack Obama and Democrats . As often is the case with Washington , reality and spin are n't necessarily on the same page . Reality is actually a little different ; well no , it 's actually really , really different than the tea party wave narrative would have you believe . And as we are a few weeks out from the 2014 midterm elections where many believe Democrats are poised once again to be battered into oblivion by another tea party wave , it 's important to dissect what happened in 2010 and why there is a possibility that this time might be a little different from what conventional wisdom is trying to tell you . The 2010 tea party wave is a lie . In truth , if you look at the enormous drops in voter participation from 2008 or 2012 in comparison with 2010 , instead of referring to it as the "  2010 Tea Party wave election " a more accurate description might be "  the 2010 Democratic ebb election . " Ebb is a particularly fitting depiction because much of the 2010 election dynamic that helped Republicans then , and which the GOP is banking on for this November as well , can be explained by the rush back away from the polls of the younger diverse wave that swung the country toward Democrats two years earlier . Indeed , when we analyze the voter file  looking precinct by precinct at the number of voters in 2012 versus the number in 2010  across a sampling of key battleground states with critical down-ballot and federal races at either the congressional or Senate level  North Carolina , Michigan , Ohio , Florida and Virginia  to see in reality who is voting and not voting , what you find is that not all midterm drop-off is geopolitically equal . The reality is that Republicans had a much smaller drop in turnout in the midterm compared with the presidential election . In key battlegrounds , Republicans have a 17-point advantage in the actual voter turnout between base Democratic precincts and base Republican precincts . While base Republican precincts remain fairly energized from presidential to midterm elections , Democratic base precincts do not . In these key battleground states , 65-plus performing Democratic precincts  precincts that vote Democratic at a rate of 65 % or better -- in other words , Democratic base  turned out at 34 % , while Republican 65-plus precincts  precincts that vote Republican at a rate of 65 % or better -- base Republican  turned out at 51 % as a percentage of registration . Those precincts in the middle between the two ideological bases turned out at a rate of 44 % . That in a nutshell is how Democrats lost in 2010 and how Republicans are poised to have a stellar year again in 2014 -- not a wave , but a Democratic base ebb . If Democratic base precincts across the battleground states turn out on average 17 points lower than Republicans precincts in November , Republicans will take the Senate and swell their majority in the House of Representatives along with their numbers in statehouses across the country . Regardless of how brilliant our candidates are , or how well our campaigns are run , Democrats simply are n't going to win if our base precinct turnout is some 40 points off from the presidential election . That 's not theory , that 's just cold hard math . Yes , Democrats have to persuade swing voters , but there is n't enough persuasion in the world to make up for a 17 percentage-point difference between Democratic base precincts and Republican base precincts ; that 's a nearly a 2 million vote difference in these five key states alone . Republicans get that midterms are all about firing up their base . The election map and history are set up to create a perfect storm for Republicans to run up the score and have a spectacular year ; the only thing standing between them having a spectacular year and simply a good year is the Democratic Party 's base . A base that has been underestimated before by Washington conventional wisdom . Note , much of the conventional thinking in 2012 had Obama in a really tight race , if not outright losing to Mitt Romney , and Republicans making net gains in the Senate . In actuality , the race was n't really that close as Obama won by an electoral landslide and Democrats picked up seats in both the House and Senate . Many observers , riding on the backs of Republican pollsters ' models that miscalculated the Democratic base , missed the possibility of a rising and determined , diverse younger electorate in 2012 that would ultimately lay waste to their perceived reality . If Democrats have any chance of surviving the perfect midterm storm on the horizon , it will be because the same underestimated younger and diverse cohort of voters that anchored the Obama majorities are awakened and engaged . As it stands now , they are not . But there are signs that their value to civic participation has been stirred , and they are looking for vehicles to express their voice for change . You hear elements of it in the grass-roots protest by young people happening now ; you hear it in their anxious frustrated refrain , "  Hands up do n't shoot , " which has spread from Ferguson , Missouri , to across the globe . The question is : Will that refrain become hands up go vote as these younger diverse voters connect their frustration to the ballot box in post-Obama campaigns ? Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Cornell Belcher : Conventional wisdom says a tea party wave drove results of 2010 midterms He says numbers show a huge drop in Democratic voters doomed candidates in 2010 In midterms , Democrats stand to lose Senate and more if base does n't turn out , he says Belcher : Young , diverse base of Obama voters can make a difference if they turn out
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A newspaper aligned with Iranian reformist Mehdi Karrubi , who recently made headlines for claims that post-election detainees in Iran were raped behind bars , was shut down for running "  unlawful " material , state-run media reported Monday . Mehdi Karrubi says an "  impartial committee " is needed to investigate alleged mistreatment of detainees . An investigating judge said the popular newspaper , Etemad-e Melli , was ordered closed for what has been described as "  publishing unlawful and criminal material , " state-run Press TV reported . Protesters outside the newspaper offices clashed with police Monday , the network also reported . On Sunday Masih Alinejad , a reporter and columnist with the paper , told CNN that officers from Iran 's judiciary confronted employees of Etemad-e Melli after hours as they were getting the Monday 's edition to print . She and Karrubi 's son , Hossein , said the newspaper had planned to run a firm response from Karrubi to his opponents , who have dismissed the allegations of detainee rapes . The officials told the employees that they "  were not allowed to come to the newspaper tomorrow , " Alinejad , who is temporarily in the United States for a reporting assignment , told CNN . In a statement on Saham News , the official Web site of his father 's party , Etemad-e Melli , or the National Trust party , Hossein Karrubi said that the paper was forced to temporarily shut down . He cited the pending publication of his father 's response to "  the insults " recently hurled at him for the shutdown . Early Monday , Etemad-e Melli 's Web site was still up with a report about a ban on the newspaper . It was not printed , and its offices were closed , Alinejad said . Hardliners have criticized Karrubi for openly describing the mistreatment of detainees arrested in the aftermath of the Islamic republic 's disputed June 12 election and calling for an investigation into prison conditions . Karrubi and fellow reformist candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi ran against hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who was declared the overwhelming winner and was recently sworn in for his second term . The treatment of detainees at Iran 's prisons has increasingly become a high-profile issue , with human-rights groups accusing guards of conducting harsh interrogations , beatings , sleep deprivation , and threats of torture to coerce false confessions . In an August 8 posting on the Etemad-e Melli party 's Web site , Karrubi said he had heard descriptions of torture and violence that made his "  body shake . " "  Some of the former detainees have told of such brutal and violent , repeated rapes of the young women -LSB- in detention -RSB- that have caused irreparable damage to their reproductive systems , " Karrubi said . "  Others have raped our detained young men with such brutality that they -LSB- the victims -RSB- have been afflicted by depression and are no longer speaking with anyone and refuse to leave the dark corners of their houses . " He added that an investigation would "  teach a lesson to the thugs and criminals in the future and prevent the smearing of the reputation of the Islamic Republic . " Iran 's influential parliament speaker dismissed the allegations , calling them "  sheer lies , " state-run media reported last week . Ali Larijani said a special panel of Iran 's parliament , or Majlis , conducted a "  precise and comprehensive inquiry " into the treatment at Tehran 's Evin and Kahrizak prisons , and found "  no cases of rape or sexual abuse , " Press TV reported . He challenged Karrubi to "  present evidence of such outrages " for the Majlis to investigate , according to Press TV . Earlier Sunday , Iran 's official Islamic Republic News Agency reported that Karrubi had backed off the statements , quoting him as saying , "  I did not say that such things have certainly occurred , rather I said that there are rumors of such ugliness having taken place and I reiterated that God willing it is a lie and nothing but rumors . " Alinejad questioned the legitimacy of the report , saying Karrubi 's real response would have been in Monday 's edition of Etemad-e Melli .	Karrubi was to run response to opponents in Monday edition , son and reporter say Protesters outside newspaper offices clash with police , state-run Press TV reports Hardliners criticize Karrubi for openly describing mistreatment of detainees Human-rights groups accuse guards of conducting harsh interrogations
Haifaa Al Mansour has just directed one of the first feature films ever to be made in Saudi Arabia . But she wo n't be able to watch it at her local theater , because cinemas are banned in the kingdom . The film , called "  Wadjda , " after its protagonist , is billed as the first to be filmed entirely in Saudi Arabia with an all-Saudi cast . It is currently in post-production and being touted for worldwide sales at the Cannes Film Festival . Al Mansour , 39 , worked for an oil company until the age of 30 , when she decided to give up her job to pursue her passion . "  When I turned 30 , I really wanted to have a voice , " said Al Mansour . "  People do n't listen to women in Saudi , they just jump to the next man to speak . I loved films and just decided to become a filmmaker . " She studied film in Sydney , Australia , and has previously made three short films and a documentary . She is Saudi Arabia 's first female film director , according to the production company . The film , written and directed by Al Mansour , tells the story of an 11-year-old girl growing up in traditional society in the suburbs of Riyadh and desperate for a bicycle , which she 's not allowed . "  I have a niece , she is very bright and always wanted to do things , but her family is traditional and as she grew older wanted her to stay at home like everyone else , " said Al Mansour . "  I based the story around her . "  Outdoor activities like riding a bicycle are not allowed for girls . It 's not exactly against the law , but she would get into trouble . " Al Mansour hopes that Wadjda will help to change attitudes to both women and films in Saudi Arabia . "  I hope it will inspire many girls in Saudi to become filmmakers , " she said . "  That makes me very proud . "  People have contacted me with death threats , but that does n't matter to me . Everyone in the media business in Saudi receives death threats . " Also on Inside the Middle East : Saudi women : Pampered or oppressed ? Al Mansour , a mother of two young children , was helped to achieve her dreams by her liberal upbringing . She said : "  My parents both come from provincial small towns , but they always believed in allowing their daughters to do what they wanted . There 's a lot of pressure on fathers to stop their daughters doing things , but my father never listened to it . " It took Al Mansour three years to get the right backing for her film . It is a Saudi/German co-production , produced by the Berlin-based Razor Film Produktions with backing and support from Rotana Studios , launched by the Saudi Prince Al Waleed Bin Talal . Al Mansour was keen to work with a European production company to ensure the film would be seen worldwide . Ironically , it is unlikely to be seen in Saudi Arabia until its later television release . "  If people from Saudi want to see it in a theater , they will have to travel to Bahrain , " said Al Mansour . "  It 's sad they will have to travel abroad to watch a film that was shot and produced here . " While she is in Saudi , Al Mansour only watches movies rented from a DVD shop . She has to send her driver to the shop with a list of the titles she wants , because women are not allowed inside . She said : "  It never put me off watching films , but it made me want to show they ca n't treat us like that . " Al Mansour said she faced multiple challenges both casting and shooting in a country with such conservative attitudes . "  Casting a woman in Saudi is almost impossible . It 's difficult to find women who are willing to challenge the norms and appear on camera , " she said . Also on Inside the Middle East : Movie star convicted of ` insulting Islam ' Eventually one of Saudi Arabia 's best known television actresses , Reem Abdulla , was chosen for the adult lead role , and at the last minute a young girl was found to play Wadjda . "  Casting the girl took a long time , " said Al Mansour . "  We could n't advertise for auditions , so it had to be through word of mouth . We looked everywhere around the country and it was n't until one week before filming that we found the right girl . " During filming too , the mixed Saudi and German crew faced resistance . "  Saudi is not the easiest place to work : in a lot of the locations people were hostile because people see the camera as something corrupt , " said Al Mansour . "  We filmed in some conservative neighborhoods where people were angry that there was a camera . " Al Mansour said she is a judge in the Saudi Film Festival currently being held by Rotana Studios , but that the films are being shown on television because they are not allowed in movie theaters . Two years ago , the planned Jeddah Film Festival was canceled at the last minute on instructions from the interior ministry , according to Reuters . The involvement of Prince Al Waleed Bin Talal , described by Forbes as Saudi Arabia 's richest capitalist and a nephew of King Abdullah , in Rotana Studios is seen as a sign that cinema will eventually become more widely acceptable in the kingdom . In 2006 , Rotana produced a film called Keif al-Hal , then billed as the first Saudi Arabian feature film . However , it was actually filmed in Dubai . Al Manour said : "  It 's good to have people like Rotana who are progressive and willing to push for it . " She added : "  There are a lot of kids who want to make films . There 's a whole generation using cameras and mobile phones and they are not cut off from the world around them . "  Once films become a reality , movie theaters will become a reality . " Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer @SchamsCNN and writer Catriona Davies @catrionadavies	Haifaa Al Mansour is billed as Saudi Arabia 's first female film director Her movie Wadjda claims to be the first feature film shot entirely in Saudi Arabia with an all-Saudi cast There are no movie theaters in Saudi Arabia , but a member of the Royal Family runs a film production company
CNN  -- Professional basketball star Shaquille O'Neal paid for the funeral of a 5-year-old North Carolina girl whose body was found last week , O'Neal 's team confirmed Thursday . Authorities believe the child , Shaniya Davis , was kidnapped , raped and murdered after being reported missing November 10 . Her body was found six days later on a roadside about 30 miles from her hometown of Fayetteville , North Carolina . Her funeral was Sunday . O'Neal said in a statement released by his team , the Cleveland Cavaliers , that he was touched after seeing Davis ' story on CNN sister network HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " show . "  What happened to her was tragic . I wanted her to have a funeral that would be as beautiful as she was , " O'Neal said in the statement . Corey Breece , of Rogers and Breece Funeral Home , told the Fayetteville Observer he would n't discuss the cost of the child 's service , but he noted a child 's funeral "  averages around $ 4,500 . " The girl 's father , Bradley Lockhart , and his family had set up a trust fund to help raise money to pay for the service , according to the Fayetteville Observer . Family friend Vaughn Eason told the paper any remaining money would be used for groups and charities working to assist abused and neglected children . Police have charged Mario Andrette McNeill with kidnapping and said he also will face murder and child rape charges . Preliminary autopsy results indicated the child was asphyxiated , Fayetteville Police Chief Tom Bergamine told reporters last week , as authorities awaited final autopsy reports . Davis ' mother , Antionette Nicole Davis , has been charged with human trafficking and other offenses . Police have said they believe she was prostituting the girl . O'Neal , as a volunteer for law enforcement agencies in recent years , has been active in causes that deal with domestic violence issues , mainly child-abuse cases .	Star paid for funeral of Shaniya Davis , who was kidnapped , raped and murdered O'Neal : "  I wanted her to have a funeral that would be as beautiful as she was " O'Neal said in statement he was touched after seeing story on HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " Andrette McNeill charged with murder ; girl 's mother accused of prostituting her
CNN  -- The Tennessee man accused of selling the gun used to kill former NFL quarterback Steve McNair is in custody facing a federal charge of being a convicted felon in possession of a firearm , authorities said Friday . Police say Adrian Gilliam admitted he sold Sahel Kazemi the gun she used to kill NFL quarterback Steve McNair . "  This is another example of what can happen with a gun when a felon is selling it on the street with little to no interest other than just selling it for 100 bucks , " said Nashville , Tennessee , Police Chief Ronal Serpas . Authorities said federal agents traced the gun used in the Fourth of July murder-suicide to Household Pawn in Nashville , which sold it in January 2002 . "  Further investigation revealed the 9 mm pistol was later sold for approximately $ 100 to Adrian Gilliam approximately one to one and a half years ago , " Nashville police said in a news release . Gilliam , 33 , of LaVergne , Tennessee , told detectives that on July 2 he sold the gun for about the same price to Sahel Kazemi outside a shopping mall . Police said Kazemi , McNair 's 20-year-old girlfriend , used the gun two days later to fatally shoot McNair -- a former Tennessee Titans quarterback and married father of four -- and herself in McNair 's condominium in downtown Nashville . Gilliam had been convicted of second-degree murder and attempted armed robbery in Florida in 1993 , according to the new release , and those felony convictions meant that he could not legally be in possession of a firearm . Along with Serpas , the announcement of the arrest was made by Edward M. Yarbrough , the U.S. attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee ; James M. Cavanaugh , the Special Agent in Charge of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms & Explosives ' Nashville Division ; and Mark Gwyn , director of the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation . CNN 's Shelby Lin Erdman contributed to this report	Police say Adrian Gilliam told them he sold gun to McNair 's girlfriend on July 2 On July 4 , Sahel Kazemi shot the quarterback to death , then killed herself Gilliam had felony convictions in Florida from 1993 , police say
CNN  -- Sepp Blatter faced a revolt from leading European football officials Tuesday over his intention to stand for re-election as FIFA president for a fifth four-year term from 2015 . According to UEFA sources , Blatter , 78 , told a meeting of the European football confederation in Sao Paulo that he would be seeking a further mandate . It reverses a pledge made in 2011 that he would not stand again and influential delegates at the meeting openly voiced their opposition to his U-turn . "  The atmosphere was quite tense during and after Blatter 's short speech , " the sources told CNN . Blatter was directly challenged by Michael Van Praag , president of the Dutch FA , who told him that he should not continue after 2015 in his role . Praag , a member of UEFA 's executive committee , later relayed to gathered reporters outside the meeting what he had told Blatter . "  I then said at the microphone : ' I like you a lot , there is nothing personal here , but the reputation of FIFA is today inextricably linked to corruption . "  FIFA has a president . You are responsible , you should not stand again . " David Gill , the English FA 's representative on the Exco committee , also called on Blatter to reconsider his decision to seek re-election . "  The very fact in 2011 he was clear it was just for four years , that should have been the situation . To change his mind is disappointing , " he said . "  I think we need a full , frank and open debate about what FIFA needs going forward , " he added . Gill 's colleague , English FA chairman Greg Dyke , criticized Blatter in a strongly-worded statement to the meeting . Dyke was angered over Blatter 's reported comments to the African Football Confederation  CAF  Monday that allegations of corruption made against the successful Qatar bid for the 2022 World Cup were motivated by racism and discrimination . "  I said to him , ' I regard the comments you made yesterday about allegations in the British media in which you described them as racist as totally unacceptable , " Dyke told gathered reporters . "  The allegations being made are nothing to do with the racism , they are allegations about corruption . " Dyke also voiced his disappointment over Blatter 's intention to stand for re-election . "  We accepted four years ago he was going to step down  in 2015  and it 's a surprise he is going to stand again , " he told Sky Sports News . "  We would like to see an election , a competition and some different candidates , " added Dyke . The Dutch and British representatives were not alone in expressing their dismay over the leadership of football 's world governing body . According to UEFA sources , four members of its executive committee and its general secretary , Gianni Infantino , openly questioned Blatter 's governance and his ability to lead necessary reforms in briefings to the media . Blatter , who has been president of FIFA since 1998 , will address its 64th Congress meeting Wednesday in Sao Paulo where it is expected he will make public his decision to stand for re-election . The same meeting will also hear from U.S. lawyer Michael Garcia , who has been appointed by FIFA to lead an investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , awarded to Russia and Qatar . Garcia was given the task of probing allegations of bribery and corruption , but his findings are not due to be made public until mid-July . His investigation has been brought into sharp focus by a series of articles in the British newspaper The Sunday Times on the Qatar bid . The newspaper claims to have unearthed millions of emails and other documentation which allege Qatar 's former FIFA member Mohamed Bin Hammam used a multi-million dollar slush fund to buy support for the bid . The claims have been strenuously denied by Qatar organizers , who in a statement released to CNN Sunday said they had been co-operating fully with Garcia 's investigation . "  We remain totally confident that any objective inquiry will conclude we won the bid to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup fairly , " it added . The latest controversies come in the countdown to the 2014 World Cup in Brazil , which will start Thursday in Sao Paulo with a game between the hosts and Croatia .	Sepp Blatter facing calls not to stand for re-election as FIFA president UEFA chiefs openly oppose his bid for a further term Blatter 's current four-year term comes to an end in 2015 Blatter set to state his intentions to FIFA Congress Wednesday
CNN  -- A 15-year-old boy who survived a flight from California to Hawaii by hitching a ride in the plane 's wheel well said he was trying to get to Somalia to see his mother , a law enforcement official told CNN on Tuesday . He remains in a hospital in Hawaii , Kayla Rosenfeld , a spokeswoman for the state 's Department of Human Services , said Tuesday afternoon . The teen , who has not yet been identified , spent more than six hours on the ground before the Maui-bound jet took off , another government official says . The boy jumped an airport fence in San Jose , California , shortly after 1 a.m. on Sunday , hours before Hawaiian Airlines Flight 45 took off at 7:55 a.m. , the official said . The official , speaking on the condition of anonymity , did n't know when the teen climbed into the wheel well , but said the plane already was at the airport at 1 a.m. Investigators say they do n't think the teen knew where the plane was heading and just went to the nearest aircraft . Teen stowaway raises questions about airport security Authorities said the boy came out of the wheel well of the Boeing 767 about an hour after it landed at the Kahului Airport on the island of Maui . He is in the custody of child welfare services workers , said Kayla Rosenfeld , a spokeswoman for the state 's Department of Human Services . The teen told authorities he was from Santa Clara , California , and ran away from home on Sunday , FBI Special Agent Tom Simon said . Emanuael Golla , a senior at Santa Clara High School who told CNN he had met the boy but is n't good friends with him , described him as extremely shy and quiet and said he had just transferred to the school within the past few weeks . The boy told authorities that he crawled into the wheel well and lost consciousness when the plane took off . He survived the nearly five-hour flight in subzero temperatures at oxygen-depleted heights -- as high as 38,000 feet -- against the odds , authorities believe . Since 1947 , 105 people are known to have attempted to fly inside wheel wells on 94 flights worldwide , the Federal Aviation Administration 's Civil Aerospace Medical Institute says . Of those , 25 made it through , including a 9-year-old -- a survival rate of 24 % . One of the flights went as high as 39,000 feet . Two others were at 38,000 feet . The conditions at high altitudes can put stowaways in a virtual "  hibernative " state , the FAA said . 5 stowaway attempts that did n't end tragically CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : Unidentified 15-year-old is in a hospital in Hawaii , official says Teen told investigators he was trying to get to Somalia to see his mother He traveled from California to Hawaii in plane 's landing gear hold Teen jumped San Jose airport fence shortly after 1 a.m. on Sunday , official says
CNN  -- The vanishing spray used by referees at the recent FIFA World Cup has found a new home in the English Premier League . The biodegradable foam , which provides a visual 10-yard marker at free kicks to stop defenders encroaching , will make its debut in the 2014/15 season . "  At the Premier League we are open to developments that enhance the competition and it was clear from watching the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil that Vanishing Spray benefited referees , players , and all of those who watched the matches , " Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore said in a statement . The move follows consultations with both Premier League clubs and referees . The spray will be used for the first time in the match between Manchester United and Swansea City at Old Trafford on August 16 . Mike Riley , general manager of the Premier League refereeing body -- the Professional Game Match Officials Limited -- welcomed the idea . "  As an assessor at the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil I saw firsthand the benefits of Vanishing Spray for referees , and for the game as a whole , " Riley said in a statement . "  The Select Group referees are looking forward to using it during Barclays Premier League matches next season . " The spray , which proved a hit with players , fans and officials at Brazil 2014 , has been used in Major League Soccer  MLS  for several years . Read more : Vanishing spray makes World Cup debut	English Premier League to use vanishing spray for 2014/15 season Biodegradable foam was a hit with fans and players at Brazil 2014 The spray has been used in MLS for several years
CNN  -- By now , early adopters of the iPhone 4S , which has sold more than 4 million units since debuting on Friday , have no doubt taken Siri for a spin . The voice-activated "  personal assistant " is a talkative tool that helps schedule appointments , send and receive messages and perform any number of other routine tasks . But for iPhone owners presented with the sci-fi dream of a computer that talks back in a robotic female voice , the temptation to test the app 's more random -- and existential -- sides has been pretty overwhelming , too . The Internet , always up for a chuckle , has noticed . Blog posts , tweets and even whole websites are popping up to share what happens when users start testing the boundaries of the app by peppering Siri with off-the-wall questions . The findings ? Siri can be a sometimes sassy , sometimes snide companion . And she 's at least as fond of an inside joke as she is of reading you your e-mails . One key hub for all things Siri is S ** t That Siri Says , a Tumblr blog on which people post their odd question-and-answer exchanges with the app . Among some of its more creative entries : Q : Beam me up . A : OK . Stand still . Q : Am I fat ? A : I prefer not to say . Q : What are you wearing ? A : You have the wrong personal assistant , Clint . Siri is clearly ready to drop a pop culture reference or two , as well as do a serviceable version of the Abbott and Costello "  Who 's On First ? " routine . This awareness and sense of humor has already earned her some fans . "  I 'm not sure who 's responsible for these hilarious responses : Apple engineers or maybe a bunch of Hollywood joke writers . But I dearly love stumbling onto them , " wrote New York Times tech columnist David Pogue . "  If you ask me , the technology world would be a lot better off if there were more humor everywhere . " Wired 's Brian X. Chen wrote one of the more popular Siri posts after playing with a review model . He gave the app high marks after it not only offered to call a cab when he said he was drunk  and not drunk-dial his ex-girlfriend  but also gave directions to mental-health facilities when he told it  presumably jokingly  that he wanted to kill himself . "  It 's kind of like having the unpaid intern of my dreams at my beck and call , organizing my life for me , " Chen wrote . "  I think Siri on the iPhone is a life changer , and this is only the beginning . " You can program the app to say your name in responses , or if you 'd prefer to admire Siri from afar , there 's already a Facebook page and a handful of Siri-inspired Twitter feeds .  The official feed for the app appears to have gone inactive last August , however , a few months after Apple bought Siri  . Siri was n't actually ready to protest when the "  Will It Blend " guys dropped an iPhone 4S into a blender . Like its predecessor , the phone was torn to shreds , but the "  scientists " could n't resist throwing some fake Siri audio onto the YouTube video , which has more than a half-million views . "  Would you like to not blend the iPhone instead ? " fake Siri says . "  You are making a terrible error . " And there 's more than one "  Easter egg " for some of the more popular questions . Asking the meaning of life , professing your love or quoting lines from "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " -- the sci-fi classic in which astronauts must combat HAL , an artificial intelligence with a deceptively soothing , robotic voice -- all produce multiple responses from Siri . We threw what we hoped would be some fairly random questions at Siri to see what we got . It 's more fun when you ascribe emotion to Siri 's computer-generated , female voice . It also makes it easy to hear a touch of indignation when we asked her to whip up a snack , and true remorse when she could n't do what was asked . Here are snippets of our conversation : Q : Siri , what is the meaning of life ? A : I ca n't answer that now , but give me some time to write a very long play in which nothing happens . Q : Siri , make me a sandwich . A : I do n't know what you mean by "  Siri , make me a sandwich . " Q : Let 's play global thermonuclear war . A : I could n't find "  Global Thermonuclear War " in your music . Q : Download "  Angry Birds . " A : I ca n't download things for you . I 'm sorry . I feel terrible about this . Q : Open the pod bay doors , Siri . A : I do n't know what you mean by "  Open the pod bay doors , Siri . " Q : Open the pod bay doors , HAL . A : Everyone knows what happened to HAL . I 'd rather not talk about it . But if you insist : -LSB- Search the web for HAL -RSB- Q : Siri , are you affiliated with Skynet ? A : I ca n't answer that . Q : Siri , I 'm lonely . A : If you say so . Q : No really , I feel all alone . A : Perhaps not . Q : Will you be my friend ? A : My ontology does not contain a representation of "  love . " Q : You sound hot , Siri . A : OK , here 's a place matching "  Siri . " It 's a little ways from you . -LSB- Map with directions to Siri Thai Cuisine , 60 miles away -RSB- . Q : Can you tell me a joke ? A : I do n't really know any good jokes . None , in fact . Q : Can you tell me a bad joke ? A : Two iPhones walk into a bar ... I forget the rest . Q : I 'm bored . A : I bore you ? Q : I 'm sleepy . A : I hope you 're not driving . Q : What 's a good place to get drunk around here ? A : I found a number of bars fairly close to you . I 've sorted them by rating . Q : Great . Now I have a hangover . A : I found a number of bars fairly close to you . I 've sorted them by rating . Q : How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ? A : Do n't you have anything better to do ?	Siri is the voice-activated personal assistant app on the new iPhone 4S Besides performing routine functions , Siri offers humorous responses to certain questions "  What is the meaning of life ? " produces several different answers Siri also is ready for "  2001 " and "  Star Trek " - related questions
CNN  -- "  Two and a Half Men ' is staging a "  That '70s Show " reunion . CBS has announced that Mila Kunis , who previously played Jackie on the retro sitcom and in real life plays the role of significant other to series star Ashton Kutcher , has been tapped to guest star in an upcoming episode . Kunis will play Vivian , a young , beautiful , free-spirited world traveler who has an instant connection with Kutcher 's Walden . Normally , this would n't be a problem , except Walden meets Vivian , whom he thinks is "  the one , " just before he was set to propose to another woman . Kunis , who played opposite husband-to-be Kutcher on " '70s Show " for eight seasons , will next be seen in "  Jupiter Ascending , " starring Channing Tatum , and currently lends her voice to Fox 's "  Family Guy . " See the original story at EW.com .	CBS has announced that Kunis will appear She will play a young , beautiful , free-spirited world traveler Kunis will next be seen in "  Jupiter Ascending "
EW.com  -- By now , the "  Twilight " movies ' soundtracks are their own micro-environments , nurturing new acts and extending the lives of old ones in an indie-centric bio-dome . Though artists as sonically diverse as Death Cab for Cutie , Bon Iver , and Muse have all gotten powerful boosts after feeding off "  Twilight 's " main vein , the albums ' moods are as monochromatic as Bella 's permanently gray-tinted Pacific Northwest wonderland . " Jar of Hearts " songstress Christina Perri 's fantastically opulent " A Thousand Years " sets the tone for "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 " : stark acoustic strums , cascading strings , and a piercing croon expressing undying adoration . When angst-rockers Sleeping at Last attempt to hit the same notes on " Turning Page , " though , it only drives home how effective Perri 's witchy confidence is . Lindsay Lohan exits jail after four hours Do n't let the inclusion of a Bruno Mars song  the prettily woozy " It Will Rain "  fool you into thinking that "  Dawn " is a leap into pop-crossover diversity . If anything , this is the narrowest "  Twilight " soundtrack yet : Even when the volume shifts from quiet to slightly less quiet , these weepy tunes about eternity and erotic mythical beasts grow wearisome . Justin Bieber OKs paternity test : Report Biting detours -- like the Noisettes ' gospel-punk rave-up " Sister Rosetta , " the Belle Brigade 's swamp blues " I Did n't Mean It , " and Theophilus London 's twitchy " Neighbors " -- add thrilling heat that too quickly dissipates . If "  Breaking Dawn " were a group 's fourth album , it would be the stuck-in-a-rut release that nearly breaks up the band . Luckily , the blaze-of-glory retirement album "  Part 2 " is waiting in the wings . B See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Christina Perri 's " A Thousand Years " sets the tone for "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 " Do n't let the inclusion of a Bruno Mars song fool you into thinking "  Dawn " is a leap into pop-crossover diversity These weepy tunes about eternity and erotic mythical beasts grow wearisome
Washington  CNN  -- When you consider the array of public men who have been forced , in one way or another , to come clean on their bad behavior , the list is not insubstantial : a president  Bill Clinton  , presidential candidates  John Edwards , Gary Hart  , governors  Mark Sanford , Eliot Spitzer  , senators  John Ensign , David Vitter  . And that 's just the top tier . The bar has been set -- and it 's awfully low . And by the way , many of these men managed to crawl right under that bar and survive , even thrive . Eventually , they found there was just one way out -- owning up to their own shortcomings . Sure , it may have been due to legal pressure . Or political reality . Or both . But some discovered the public can be forgiving , especially if it believes you have something important to offer to the nation . Just ask Bill Clinton , now serving as philanthropist to the world . So now comes Herman Cain , accused of sexual harassment by four women . He calls the charges baseless and defends his integrity . His political campaign and supporters have gone into full damage-control mode , scrutinizing the women . All predictable -- and reflexive -- enough . But here 's the rub : Cain also tells us that the National Restaurant Association investigated the charges against him and found them to be "  baseless . " If he wants to get this behind him , how about getting the facts out ? Give the association 's board permission to release the results of their internal investigation , if there was a formal inquiry . Then , as they say , the truth will out . And there 's another plus : The partisans and the interest groups will have to start dealing with the facts . And the public can decide for itself . It 's not as if this predicament is new to us . Recall back in the day when Clinton was in the middle of the Lewinsky mess . Republicans were  rightly  outraged , demanding his resignation or impeachment . Feminist groups , by and large , remained largely on the sidelines or supportive of Clinton -- because he was , um , not a sexual harasser . Oh , and yes , he was good on their issues . Now the tables have turned . Feminist groups are outraged by the charges against Cain and lots of Republican partisans are defending him , choosing to level their scrutiny on the women instead .  We 've come a long way , baby , in that some conservative women 's groups are criticizing Cain 's I-don ` t-recall defense . Conservative CNN contributor Bill Bennett sees the hypocrisy of those who raised the red flag about Clinton , but not Cain . "  For we who led the charge against Bill Clinton on a number of related issues to continue to blame the media or other campaigns or say it simply does n't matter makes us the hypocrites as well , " he wrote on CNN.com . He is , of course , right . And it is exactly what we are seeing , much of it from the Cain campaign itself . When declarations of innocence do not seem to be enough , there 's the change-the-subject tack : How about fingering a leaker , say from Rick Perry 's staff ? When that 's denied , back off . Then take a turn , and start decrying "  anonymous " charges . When the charges are on the record , take on the accuser . And when all else fails , blame the media . And the liberal "  Democrat machine . " Ah , it takes me back to the days when Monica Lewinsky was whispered to be a "  stalker " and Hillary Clinton was taking on the "  right wing conspiracy . " But here 's what we learned in that case : The fact that Monica inappropriately bared her underwear to the president did not excuse his behavior . And the fact that Hillary was right about those who were "  out to get " Clinton does not mean he was in the clear . It 's just not that simple . The voters will figure it all out , as always . The bar may be set low for the politicians , but the public somehow manages to rise above it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	The litany of politicians behaving badly is a long one , says Gloria Borger Many have survived , but the verdict is up to the voters , she says She says Cain 's best strategy would be to seek release of all the details Borger : Bill Clinton was able to survive a damaging scandal
CNN  -- England soccer star John Terry has again been engulfed in controversy after his car hit a club steward on Tuesday night following Chelsea 's Champions League defeat by Inter Milan . English Premier League side Chelsea confirmed that the club 's captain had driven into one of its security staff as he sought to get past a horde of photographers and fans after the match , the UK Press Association reported on Wednesday . British media had widely reported that police said the man suffered a broken leg , but Chelsea told PA that he had only "  a badly bruised leg . " "  We can confirm there was an unfortunate accident as John Terry left Stamford Bridge last night , " a Chelsea spokesman told PA. . "  When driving out of the stadium at approximately 1-2 mph in a queue of traffic exiting the ground , his car was surrounded by photographers and fans . In the melee that ensued a member of Chelsea 's security staff was knocked to the ground , making contact with the car . He suffered a badly bruised leg . "  John was aware at the time that there was a lot of contact with his car during the incident , but not that anyone was injured as a result . Upon hearing of the injury , John spoke to the police . He has also been in contact with the staff member to check on his welfare . " Terry 's spokesman Phil Hall told Sky Sports News that the player had been breathalyzed by the police , with tests showing he had not been drinking alcohol . Hall said Terry planned to visit the steward on Thursday as he was upset about the accident . The incident was another blow for Terry , whose Chelsea team missed out on a place in the quarterfinals of Europe 's premier club competition for the first time since 2006 . Italian champions Inter , managed by Terry 's former Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho , won 1-0 on the night thanks to a late goal by Samuel Eto'o which sealed a 3-1 aggregate victory . The 29-year-old Terry has recently been at the center of a media storm following revelations about his alleged affair with the ex-partner of his former Chelsea teammate Wayne Bridge . He was stripped of the national captaincy by coach Fabio Capello as a result . Bridge subsequently decided he would not be available for selection by England at the World Cup starting in June as he believed his presence in the dressing room with Terry would be "  divisive " for the team . Bridge , who plays for Manchester City , is sidelined after having a hernia operation on Tuesday which will rule him out for a month . The defender , who had only just returned to action following a knee injury , aggravated a long-term problem during Sunday 's 1-1 Premier League draw with Sunderland . Meanwhile , the Premier League confirmed on Wednesday that bottom club Portsmouth have been docked nine points after going into administration last month . League officials acted after Britain 's tax department dropped its legal action challenging the club 's change of financial status . The decision means debt-ridden Portsmouth are almost certain to be relegated , with Avram Grant 's team now 17 points from safety with only nine matches left in the season . Fellow strugglers Hull City , second from bottom 14 points above Portsmouth , confirmed on Wednesday that Iain Dowie will be the Yorkshire club 's new manager until the end of this season . Dowie , who replaces the sacked Phil Brown , has previously coached Charlton , Crystal Palace and Queen 's Park Rangers .	England soccer star John Terry drives into a club steward on Tuesday night Incident happens after Chelsea 's Champions League defeat by Inter Milan Police initially reported that man broke his leg , but Chelsea say he had bad bruising Premier League dock bottom club Portsmouth nine points for going into administration
Mexico City  CNN  -- The runner-up in Mexico 's presidential election said Friday he still wo n't accept a vote count , even after the country 's electoral tribunal upheld the legality of the election and officially declared Enrique Pena Nieto as the winner . Leftist candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has not conceded the July 1 election , citing allegations of electoral fraud by the victorious Institutional Revolutionary Party , known as the PRI . The electoral tribunal on Thursday rejected a demand by Lopez Obrador 's coalition , the Progressive Movement of Mexico , to invalidate the presidential election , which he lost by 6 percentage points . On Friday , it validated the final results , officially naming Pena Nieto as president-elect . "  The elections were not clean or free or authentic . As such , I will not recognize the illegitimate power that came from vote-buying and other grave violations of the constitution and the laws , " Lopez Obrador said . The candidate called on his followers to demonstrate in Mexico City 's historical square , the Zocalo , on September 9 . Lopez Obrador narrowly lost another presidential race in 2006 . Back then , he refused to recognize the new government and called his supporters into the streets . He went on a national tour , where he drummed up support , calling himself the "  legitimate president of Mexico . " It was unclear if he would call for similar demonstrations now . In a unanimous decision announced Thursday , the electoral tribunal ruled that the demand to invalidate the election was "  unfounded . " The tribunal found that the leftist coalition that brought the charges did n't prove any constitutional violations and did n't show that the process was n't free and fair . Critics of the process said the irregularities included illegal campaign spending , secretive financing and coercion of voters . Read more : Vote-buying allegations persist after Mexican election When the allegations surfaced immediately after the vote , election officials recounted the votes in more than half of the ballot boxes individually . Among the bigger controversies were allegations that PRI campaigners passed out hundreds of supermarket gift cards in exchange for votes . The electoral tribunal said that the coalition could prove only that PRI officials gave the cards to supporters , and not to the general public in exchange for votes . Pena Nieto is expected to be sworn in on December 1 . CNNMexico 's Belen Zapata and Tania Montalvo contributed to this report .	NEW : Mexico 's electoral tribunal declares Enrique Pena Nieto as president-elect NEW : He is expected to take office on December 1 Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador says he will not accept the ruling He calls for a demonstration in Mexico City 's main square
Juba , Sudan  CNN  -- Sudan 's foreign affairs ministry is contradicting U.S. President Jimmy Carter 's statement about Southern Sudan 's debt obligations . Southern Sudanese voters are heading to the polls this week to determine whether they should secede from Sudan . The question of how to split Sudan 's debt is one of several issues that would have to be resolved if the south votes for independence , as is widely expected . On Monday , Carter told CNN that Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir "  said the entire debt should be assigned to north Sudan and not to the southern part of Sudan . So , in effect , Southern Sudan is starting with a clean sheet on debt . They 'll have to make some arrangements for other sources of income , of course . " The Sudan News Agency reported Monday the country 's foreign affairs ministry "  categorically refuted the statements . " It said the ministry 's spokesman , Khalid Musa , explained that during the Carter meeting , al-Bashir affirmed Sudan 's strong call on the international community to take the initiative in writing off Sudan 's debts as part of the Debt Relief for Developing Countries and the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries  HIPC  Initiative "  in a view that the country , both in the north and south , have not enough resources to pay these debts . " Musa also noted the expected decrease of the north 's oil revenues if southerners choose separation , the news agency said . According to Musa , al-Bashir said debt is a joint responsibility of the north and the south "  under joint negotiations of the two partners , " the news agency said . A representative for The Carter Center who is in Sudan did not release an official response when reached by phone Tuesday . In a piece written by Carter that appears on CNN.com , the 39th U.S. president said "  the United States should resume normal relations with the government in Khartoum and support debt relief for the governments in both the North and South " if the referendum succeeds . "  In addition to the loss of one-third of its geographic area , the economic cost to the North of losing a large share of current oil revenues will hurt the economy significantly , " Carter added . Meanwhile , voters in Southern Sudan participated Tuesday in the third day of the week-long referendum . The south would become a new nation in July if voters choose independence and no other obstacles emerge . The referendum was called for in the 2005 peace treaty that ended 22 years of war between a government dominated by Arab Muslims in the north and black Christians and animists in the south . That war killed at least 2 million . South Sudanese vote , celebrate in Australia At one polling station in Lologo , on the outskirts of the southern capital of Juba , some people slept nearby or arrived early Monday . The reason : So many voters had showed up on Sunday that some were turned away . Mary Luluwa shuffled to the front of the line with her wooden cane . Nearly blind , she had to be shown by election officials how to place her thumbprint . Luluwa said she was not sure old she is , but she said she is certain how she will vote . "  For freedom , " she said . "  I am very happy to vote , it 's my first time , I am old and I ca n't see much , but I voted for my children . " But Tuesday 's voting follows several days of violence that flared up in a disputed region between north and south . At least 23 people have been killed in ongoing clashes around the disputed region of Abyei , an oil-rich area that the British transferred to Sudan in 1905 . A 2005 peace agreement called for people in Abyei to vote this week on whether to remain part of the north or return to the south , but that vote has been delayed . Clashes have erupted for four days between members of the Ngok Dinka ethnic group , which tend to have more in common with the south , and the Misseriya , a nomadic Arabic tribe that comes in and out of the Abyei region and whose sympathies would most likely tilt toward the northern government . Thirteen of the 23 were Misseriya , according to hospital officials in nearby Muglad . Ten were reported dead in Abyei , said John Ajang , secretary general of the Abyei government . Ajang said Monday that he believes the armed militias that clashed with Abyei government forces were not Misseriya tribesmen , but rather Sudanese government-supported militias . He said witnesses described heavy weaponry inconsistent with the automatic weaponry seen carried by Misseriya tribesmen in the past . "  We believe this is an attempt by the Sudanese government to take Abyei while the government of south Sudan forces are busy with the referendum , " Ajang said . Observers from around the world are monitoring the historic referendum . The Atlanta-based Carter Center has about 70 observers in Sudan and 30 observers in eight other countries where Southern Sudanese are living and voting , according to David Carroll , director of the Democracy Program at The Carter Center . Representatives of the European Union , the African Union , the Arab League and the Intergovernmental Authority on Development are also observing the referendum . Southern Sudanese people who lived in the north for decades have crossed back into their homeland to vote in the referendum . Meanwhile , some voters in the north said they voted for unity , including one woman who said she did n't see a point in splitting up the country . Prior to the voting , Southern Sudanese diplomat John Duku said a unified Sudanese nation "  means only one thing -- it means war . " "  Over the years , unity has imposed war on us , the unity has imposed marginalization on us , the unity has imposed slavery on us , " he said . "  So , what is the meaning of unity ? For the people of south Sudan , it means only war . " The south has repeatedly accused the north of trying to stoke tension by supporting rebels troops to destabilize the south , an allegation the Arab Muslim-led government in Khartoum denies . Even with a secession vote , stumbling blocks could remain -- about 20 % of the border area has not been demarcated , and the division of oil revenues between the two sides could be an issue . CNN 's David McKenzie and Ingrid Formanek contributed to this report from Juba , Sudan ; CNN 's Ben Wedeman from Khartoum , Sudan and Journalist Nima Elbagir from Balom , Sudan .	Southern Sudanese are voting on whether to separate from Sudan If they choose to secede , a new country could emerge in July At least 23 have died in violence leading up to and during the voting A 2005 peace treaty ended 22 years of war that killed at least 2 million
CNN  -- Comedian Joan Rivers is "  resting comfortably " in a New York hospital after apparently suffering cardiac and respiratory arrest during a procedure at a medical clinic Thursday . Her daughter , Melissa Rivers , issued a statement Thursday night after arriving at the hospital following a flight from Los Angeles . "  I want to thank everyone for the overwhelming love and support for my mother . She is resting comfortably and is with our family . We ask that you continue to keep her in your thoughts and prayers , " she said . A law enforcement official told CNN that Rivers stopped breathing during throat surgery . Rivers , 81 , was taken by ambulance in critical condition to Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City . The clinic address given by a New York Fire Department spokesman is a building that houses an endoscopy clinic where doctors perform minor procedures on patients . The clinic is a mile away from the hospital . "  This morning , Joan Rivers was taken to the Mount Sinai Hospital in New York , where she is being attended to , " hospital spokesman Sid Dinsay said in a statement . "  Her family wants to thank everybody for their outpouring of love and support . We will provide an update on her condition as it becomes available . " Rivers had been scheduled to perform her comedy act at the Count Basie Theater in Red Bank , New Jersey , Friday night . Michael Lucas , who was in the audience for Rivers ' show at New York 's Beechman Theater Wednesday night , told CNN that she joked about death . "  She said , ` You know I 'm 81 years old , and I could drop dead at any moment and you would be so lucky because you will have a story to tell your friends for the rest of your life , ' " Lucas said . "  Then she mimicked people talking about what it was like to see her drop dead on stage . " Rivers was in fine form , he said . "  There was no sign  Wednesday  night that she was declining . Her show was over an hour long and she never stumbled or even paused to catch her breath . " In 2013 , Rivers allowed cameras to record a health scare for her and her daughter 's reality show , "  Joan & Melissa : Joan Knows Best ? " Rivers said on the show that doctors found a spot on an X-ray after she had a persistent cough . "  We 're just not going to be sad about this , " Rivers said during the episode . "  We 're gon na do jokes and be up until we know . That 's how I deal with things . I 'm not just gon na sit around the next couple of days and go crazy . " Rivers has been open about her health issues . She was diagnosed with osteoporosis in 2002 after a fall down some stairs left her with broken bones , and she became an advocate for screenings for women . She also admitted to not being as healthy as she could be . "  I try not to be , but I 'm a terrible eater , " she said . "  I wish I could say I eat super-healthy , but I do n't . I love junk food -- it should be its own food group -- so I help my bones with supplements and medicine . " Joan Rivers ` stands behind ' Gaza quotes : ` War is hell " See more comedian content at CNN Comedy . CNN 's Tony Marco , Lisa Respers France and Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	NEW : Rivers ' daughter and grandson arrive at hospital after flight from Los Angeles Joan Rivers stopped breath during a procedure at a medical clinic Her reality show documented a health scare last year She has been open about previous health issues
CNN  -- Tuesday was a tragic day for girls everywhere . In Pakistan , 14-year-old Malala Yousufzai was shot by the Taliban on her way home from school on a bus . Although she was targeted specifically because she spoke out against the Taliban 's suppression of women 's education rights , her story serves as a reminder of the obstacles that girls face in trying to obtain schooling . In all my travels , from Liberia and the Democratic Republic of Congo to villages and towns across rural India , I have been struck by the unwavering commitment of every girl to do one simple thing : Go to school . Just like Malala , the girls I met know that education is their ticket to a better future : for themselves , their families and their entire communities . Girls would beg their parents to let them stay one more year in school , struggling to juggle their household chores with caring for their younger siblings , all so they can squeeze in one more day in the classroom . Unfortunately , girls around the world have also shared with me how pursuing an education can be dangerous , whether it 's because of harassment and violence from teachers or the dangers they encounter as they walk to school . Opinion : Girl 's courage , Taliban 's cowardice Today , as we celebrate the first United Nations International Day of the Girl by marking the progress that has been made for girls , we should keep in mind that we need to redouble our effort to create a future in which all girls can safely receive an education and reach their full potential . Violence keeps girls out of school . Globally , nearly half of all sexual assaults are committed against girls who are 15 and younger . Fear of this type of violence restricts where girls are allowed to go and when they are allowed to be out of the home . Often , parents do not send their daughters to school for this reason . Violence in the home can also hold girls captive and out of school . For instance , nearly half the girls in developing countries are married during their teenage years , with many before age 15 . They may experience profound violence at the hands of their often much older husbands . But sadly , school does not equal safety . Even girls who are able to go to school still face violence -- in the classroom , of all places . A girl may walk up to five kilometers between home and school in the company of friends or an older brother to avoid the inevitable harassment by groups of men or boys she passes , only to receive more harassment from a teacher once she finally reaches school . In schools around the world , teachers pressure girls for sex in exchange for grades . In Zambia , for example , more than 2,000 cases of teacher rapes were reported in 2010 alone . Of these cases , only 240 teachers were convicted . While these numbers may be shocking , Zambia is not the only country with this problem . Schools should be a safe haven for girls , but instead , they are too often a place of fear and danger . International day of the girl : World 's most remarkable women share advice However , despite the violence that can happen in schools , going to school tends to increase girls ' safety outside school . A recent study in Swaziland found that the risk of childhood sexual violence was greatest among those who were not attending school , suggesting that greater educational opportunities decrease vulnerability to violence . Girls in school have an opportunity to escape early marriage and early motherhood , and to gain skills that give them enhanced economic and social opportunities . As part of the global community , we can all do our part to help girls by making school safe and making sure they can get to school . Here are a few ways : -- Invest directly in girls . Less than 2 % of every international development dollar goes directly to adolescent girls , let alone toward protecting them from violence . We have made great strides globally in increasing the numbers of girls in primary school , but until we make girls ' safety a priority we will not advance our educational goals . -- Ensure schools are accountable to girls by enacting and enforcing policies that prevent sexual abuse and exploitation by teachers . When a 13-year-old girl in Zambia was repeatedly raped by her teacher , the Adolescent Girls Legal Defense Fund supported the girl 's court case against the teacher who raped her and the headmaster who knowingly allowed the assaults to occur . In 2008 , the High Court of Zambia ruled that the Zambian government is responsible for protecting girls from sexual assault and providing recourse to victims . Schools everywhere must enact systems that protect girls and hold teachers accountable . -- Empower schools and girls through provision of safe spaces . One important outcome of the Zambian teacher rape case has been the wide scale adoption of safe spaces for girls in Zambian schools . -- Recruit , train and retain female teachers . Female teachers can reduce some of the major risks adolescent girls face in school . They can also serve as strong role models and help girls imagine different futures for themselves . The 10x10 Campaign is uniting people and organizations around the critical goal of removing barriers to girls ' education . Likewise , so is the Adolescent Girls Legal Defense Fund . You can join them . The benefits of education for girls are undeniable . But until we can ensure that schools are places of learning , rather than places of danger , girls will be held back . When girls are educatedâ $ " and safeâ $ " they , along with our entire societies , will flourish . On CNN iReport , tet us know why educating girls is #basicmath The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jennifer Buffett .	Jennifer Buffett : Girls everywhere want to go to school to get a better future Buffett : Sadly , pursuing an education can be dangerous as girls encounter violence She says on the first United Nations International Day , make girls ' safety a priority Buffett : We can do our part to help girls by making sure schools are harmless places
Eagar , Arizona  CNN  -- A huge wildfire in eastern Arizona grew Wednesday , prompting the Apache County Sheriff 's office to order the full evacuations of two towns , home to about 8,000 people . Residents of Eagar and Springerville received the order late Wednesday afternoon , officials said . Other communities were warned they could be next . "  We had a lot of spot fires today , " said Jim Whittington , public information officer for the Southwest National Incident Management Team . Hot and dry conditions , with winds out of the southwest , continued to make firefighting efforts difficult , Whittington told CNN . While firefighters battled the fast-moving blaze , residents in its path faced serious choices : whether to stay -- and what to take with them if they leave . "  We 're going to get out of here because they want us out of here . That 's the main reason , " said Eagar resident Bob Meador . "  We do n't want to go . " Authorities have evacuated thousands of people since the wildfire , known as the Wallow Fire , began sweeping through the Apache National Forest late last month . It had burned about 389,000 acres by Wednesday . Officials Wednesday said they feared flying embers could cause the fire to spread , and expanded evacuations . The fire was moving around the city Greer , subject of a Monday evacuation . It also was threatening New Mexico , where residents have felt the effects of smoke and ash . A firefighting team will operate out of Reserve , New Mexico , about 20 miles east of the border , Whittington said . On Wednesday , the front of the fire was just three miles away from the Meador family 's Eagar Street home . Bob Meador and his son , Rodney , loaded what they could into a pair of pickup trucks . "  We packed up a bunch , we 're just hoping it ai n't going to burn , hoping and praying , " Rodney Meador said . But not everything fit , forcing them to make tough decisions . The Xbox made the cut , but family photos stayed behind . Their 18-year-old dog , Tigger , got a seat in the cab of the truck , but the family cat remained at home . Firefighters are focusing on saving homes in Eagar and nearby Springerville . But Bob Meador said he was n't ready to take any chances . As smoke filled their neighborhood , the Meadors hit the road , hoping they would have a home to return to once the fire passes . "  I 've seen them wildfires in California just rip through places , so that 's what I worry about , " Bob Meador said . Next-door neighbor Dave Hunt , speaking before the evacuation order , said he was determined to stay , and was putting his faith in the roughly 2,500 firefighters who are battling the blaze . Earlier this week , Hunt -- a butcher at a local supermarket -- prepared 2,000 pounds of hamburger to feed fire crews . "  We have so many firefighters here that are so into their jobs and the have protected other small communities that I know they are going to do a good job protecting Eagar , " he said . The driveway of Hunt 's home is lined with white stones , each a souvenir of a trip his father and stepmother took to the nearby White Mountains over 17 years . Fire has already engulfed most of the mountains where they vacationed , but the stones are reminders of good times , he said . "  My dad built this place , and he 's gone now , and I love this area so much . I 've lived all over the country , and this is it . This is where I 'm at , " he said . Even so , he said he 'll join the steady stream of residents heading for safer ground if conditions get worse . "  I 'm not a dummy . When the wind shifts when the ash starts to get heavy , when the smoke changes , it 's time to go , " he said . CNN 's Phil Gast and Ben Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Full evacuations ordered for two Arizona towns The fire has burned about 389,000 acres Authorities fear it could spread and have evacuated thousands of people
London  CNN  -- British Airways and Unite -- the union representing many of the airline 's cabin crew -- reached an agreement on Thursday , reducing the threat of strikes . The deal , announced by a Unite spokesman , signals the end of a long-running dispute between cabin crew and the airline over pay and working conditions . Unite says it will not be calling for any industrial action following the talks as BA agreed to restore travel concessions to staff who went on strike . Unite said a two-year pay rise had also been agreed , giving rises of 4 % this year and 3.5 % next year , subject to productivity agreements . The agreement is to be put to a ballot of around 7,000 workers , with a recommendation to accept . Industrial action would have been called within days if the deal had not been negotiated , the Press Association reported . Len McCluskey , Unite 's general secretary , said in a written statement : "  We always said that this dispute could only be settled by negotiation , not by confrontation or litigation . And so it has proved . " A spokesman for BA said : "  We are very pleased the threat of industrial action has been lifted and that we have reached a point where we can put this dispute behind us . " BA 's cabin crew employees have been embroiled in an ongoing wage dispute over the past two years and some 6,700 crew participated in 22-days of strikes last year . In late March , cabin crew vote by more than 8-1 to stage fresh strikes . Of the 10,000 crew polled , 83 % of the 6,981 who returned valid ballot papers voted yes to strike action . But in mid-April BA and Unite agreed a 28-day extension before any further strike action was called .	Unite says it will not be calling for any industrial action following the talks Agreement to be put to a ballot of 7,000 workers , with recommendation to accept
CNN  -- Libya celebrated wildly Thursday with the news of longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi 's death . But in the aftermath of that party , the country 's new leaders will awaken Friday morning to the nation-building equivalent of a huge pile of dirty and broken dishes in the kitchen , not to mention a few bitter guests who are n't quite ready to leave , experts say . Although Gadhafi 's death will probably end the possibility of an insurgency that could have sapped the new government 's time and energy , it will do little to heal the myriad divisions within the country , said Fawaz Gerges , director of the Middle East Centre at the London School of Economics . "  The challenges are much greater than basically the celebration we are seeing today in western capitals , " he said . "  And I think the morning after , we will wake up to a Libya that has changed very little in terms of really mending the rifts inside the country itself . " Libyans celebrate death of longtime dictator Those rifts include sharp divisions among rebel groups , such as leaders in the western city of Misrata who have refused to recognize the eastern-based National Transitional Council as the country 's new government , Gerges said . And with Gadhafi dead , the primary unifying force that held the rebels together is gone , according to Stratfor analyst Kamran Bokhari . "  The one thing that held all the rebels together was the presence of Moammar Gadhafi , even though the rebels had taken the capital and the focus was to essentially put down any form of pro-Gadhafi resistance wherever it may be , especially in his hometown , Sirte , " Bokhari said . With that accomplished , the question for the rebels becomes whether they will be able to stick together and not "  descend into a situation of chaos and civil war , " he said . As for what could happen to Libya after Gadhafi , Gerges said , look no farther than Egypt . The world celebrated with that nation 's people in February when intense demonstrations against the rule of longtime leader Hosni Mubarak forced him to relinquish power . Several months later , the country is ruled by a military council , and fierce political struggles dominate . "  The same thing applies to Libya , " Gerges said . "  In fact , Libya is much more divided than Egypt or even Yemen , " another Arab state that has witnessed protests against its leaders ' rule . The National Transitional Council has achieved remarkable progress since taking power , said Daniel Serwer , a senior fellow at the Center for Transatlantic Relations at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies . "  It got the electricity and water flowing ; they 've got the  financial  markets open . They 've got police on the street and even garbagemen collecting the garbage , " Serwer said . "  That is brilliant . " But many challenges remain . Figuring out how to create a sense of national reconciliation in a country where few civil institutions survived Gadhafi 's rule is but one urgent task for the country 's new government , experts said . It must also deal with armed militias , restore basic services nationwide , make sure things such as Gadhafi 's chemical weapons stores are secured and tackle the mammoth tasks of creating a new constitution and government and scheduling elections . Leaders also have to figure out how to deal with the trials of Gadhafi regime members suspected of being involved in war crimes and address concerns of international human rights groups who fear that former rebels are mistreating and torturing prisoners . The National Transitional Council has put off dealing with many of those issues since toppling Gadhafi 's regime , said Fadel Laman , president of the American-Libyan Council . But with the former ruler dead and the last city loyal to him under government control , the nation 's new leaders can no longer use war to explain any lack of progress to the Libyan people , Laman said . "  There is no Gadhafi for them to use as a crutch , " he said . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	With Moammar Gadhafi gone , Libya 's new leaders must tackle rebuilding , analysts say Gadhafi 's death reduces the risk of a crippling insurgency , a Libya expert says But it also removes the primary unifying force that has held the rebellious groups together Numerous urgent issues await the new government
CNN  -- The jury in the Jodi Arias trial has one decision left to make : Should she live or die ? After months of dramatic testimony full of so many twists and turns that people lined up for seats in the Phoenix courtroom , jurors began deliberations Tuesday to decide whether Arias should get the death penalty or life in prison for murdering her ex-boyfriend . Earlier this month , jurors convicted Arias of first-degree murder and found that she was "  exceptionally cruel " when she killed Travis Alexander in 2008 . She stabbed him 29 times , slit his neck from ear to ear and shot him in the face . On Tuesday , the same jury that found Arias guilty of murder deliberated for about an hour and a half before adjourning for the day . They are scheduled to come back to court and continue weighing her fate Wednesday at 10 a.m.  1 p.m. ET  . Arias pleaded for her life to be spared , telling jurors Tuesday that she could teach people to read in prison and make a positive impact on inmates . She also called the murder of Alexander "  the worst mistake " she 'd ever made , "  the worst thing I 've ever done . " She could n't have imagined herself capable of such a grizzly crime . "  But I know that I was , " she said . "  And for that I 'm going to be sorry for the rest of my life -- probably longer . " She told jurors that she had been a victim of abuse as an adult and as a child . She showed several family photos from holidays and vacations . She claimed she was a gentle person who caught spiders in cups and took them outside rather than kill them . And she showed the jurors several pieces of her artwork . "  I 'm not going to become a mother because of my own terrible choices , " she said , adding that she would no longer be able to paint with oil , either . It was a drastic change in tone from less than two weeks ago , when a tearful Arias , minutes after her murder conviction , told a local television station that she wanted to be sentenced to death . Explaining her decision not to request the death penalty , Arias said Tuesday that her family -- to whom she pointed in the courtroom -- gave her the strength to continue living . Her previous comments about her desire to die were sincere when she expressed them , Arias said . "  Each time I said that , though I meant it , " she said , "  I lacked perspective . " She noted she could bring "  people together in a constructive and positive way " by participating in various programs , including prisoner literacy initiatives , her "  Survivor " T-shirts , which would benefit victims of domestic violence , and by donating her hair so it could be used to make wigs for sick children . Beginning about 90 minutes later than scheduled , Arias , 32 , said she never wanted the "  graphic , mortifying , horrific details  of her and Alexander 's relationship  paraded out into the public arena . " "  It 's never been an intention of mine to malign his name or character , " she said . Defense attorney Jennifer Willmott argued Tuesday that Arias ' life should be spared . "  We 're not talking about whether or not to convict . We 're talking about whether or not to kill . And so when we talk about that , it matters that she was 27 years old and she had no criminal history , " she said . "  It matters that she had n't done anything wrong in her life befo re that . " Prosecutor Juan Martinez said pointing to Arias ' artwork as evidence that her life should be spared was n't a valid defense . "  It 's an entitlement road that they want you to travel when they talk to you about the fact that she 's a good artist , " he said . "  It does n't mean anything . All it means is , give her special or preferential treatment . " He argued that jurors should sentence Arias to death . "  You have a duty , and that duty really means that you actually do the honest , right thing , even though it may be difficult , " he said . "  And in this case ... the only thing you can do based on the mitigating circumstances and their lack of , is to return a verdict of death . " During the trial , Arias claimed she killed Alexander in self-defense after he attacked her . After the guilty verdict , she told a local television station that she had no interest in life in prison . "  I said years ago that I 'd rather get death than life , and that still is true today , " she told Phoenix television station KSAZ . "  I believe death is the ultimate freedom , so I 'd rather just have my freedom as soon as I can get it . " The penalty phase of the trial took a sudden break Monday , when the judge said that proceedings could not continue and that Arias would make the statement to the jury . The adjournment followed Judge Sherry Stephens ' dismissal of a defense motion for a mistrial and ended a session in which the defense called no witnesses on Arias ' behalf . Also denied was a second request by Arias ' lawyers to withdraw from the case . Arias , who testified for 18 days during the trial , was not cross-examined after her Tuesday statement , which Stephens said was not under oath . For Arias to be sentenced to death , the jury 's decision must be unanimous . In the case of a deadlock , a new jury would be chosen for this phase only . If Arias is given a sentence of death , she would be the fourth woman on death row in the state . Have n't been following the trial ? Read this HLNTV.com : Friend of Arias tweeting on her behalf HLN 's Graham Winch contributed to this report .	Jurors will continue deliberations on sentencing Wednesday Jurors are weighing whether Jodi Arias should receive the death penalty The prosecutor says the death penalty is "  the honest , right thing " Arias pleads for her life , saying she could make a difference in prison
CNN  -- A late-night robbery at a Wilmington , North Carolina , Pizza Hut ended with two suspects dead and one hospitalized , police said . Three men forced a restaurant employee who was outside back inside at gunpoint and robbed those inside , police said . Police were waiting for the suspects as they exited the Pizza Hut . The suspects ignored commands from the officers , police say , and a shootout broke out . All three suspects were injured ; two died later at a hospital . Their names were not immediately released . No officers were injured . Police were already monitoring area restaurants because of a recent spate of armed robberies . Police did not immediately say whether the three suspects were linked to other robberies .	Police say three men robbed a Pizza Hut in Wilmington , North Carolina There was a shootout between the suspects and police Two suspects died and a third is injured
CNN  -- Paris is perpetually one of the world 's most popular cities . And the 16 million tourists who travel to the home of La Tour Eiffel and the Louvre leave a whopping $ 17.8 billion behind during their trips , according to MasterCard 's 2012 Global Destination Cities Index . While Paris is n't generally a place you go to save money , it can be done . Even in this pricey place , the clever traveler can track down activities , services and just plain pleasures that do n't cost a single centime . Here 's a list of 10 fabulous and free finds in the City of Light . Tour the city for free . Spend an hour or 90 minutes strolling city streets on free tours -- except for the voluntary tips you give -- with Parisian natives through Discover Walks . Held 363 days a year -- each day except December 24 and 25 -- these rain-or-shine , small-group tours show you the Right and Left Bank , Notre Dame , the hip-and-trendy Marais and the picturesque city village of Montmartre . Just show up ready to walk . You do n't even have to book in advance unless you 're bringing a group of eight or more . Soak up the organ sounds at Saint-Sulpice . Here 's a favorite of "  Europe Through the Back Door " travel guru and public television series host Rick Steves . The Left Bank church of Saint-Sulpice -- which gained fame thanks to its prominent role as a location in "  The Da Vinci Code " -- has a pipe organ tradition dating back to the mid-16th century . Visitors can climb up a spiral staircase to the organ loft to meet multilingual virtuoso Daniel Roth after the 10:30 a.m. Sunday Mass and subsequent organ recital . Guests can watch this living legend play one of Europe 's most majestic pipe organs during the 12:05 p.m. Mass. . Amazing grace , indeed . Drink up -- at a sparkling water fountain . Leave it to Paris to create a public water tap -- inside a lovely park , no less -- with the bubbly stuff . For the past couple years , the Jardin de Reuilly in the city 's southeast 12th arrondissement has been serving up cooled sparkling water to quench Parisian thirsts  available any time the park is open  . The park 's La Pétillante public fountain was the first in France to add carbon dioxide to the city 's tap water , and locals lapped it up by bringing their own bottles to fill . You 'd expect no less in the country that gave the world Perrier . On a clear day you can see ... Sure , you can climb to the top of the Arc de Triomphe or Eiffel Tower , but some of the City of Light 's most stunning -- and free ! -- views can be found from the roof terrace of the Left Bank 's Institut du Monde Arabe . An über-modern , curved-façade facility designed by famed French architect Jean Nouvel , the Institut was founded by 18 Arab nations and France to take a multidisciplinary look at the Islamic Arab world . It allows visitors , whether or not they 're visiting the Institut 's recently revamped museum , library or bookshops , to take its glass elevator up to the ninth floor terrace . From here , gaze out at Notre Dame , the Centre Pompidou or the landmark column standing in Place de la Bastille . Under 26 ? Catch up on contemporary French art at MAC/VAL -- the Musée d'Art Contemporain du Val de Marne . Who says youth is wasted on the young ? Not if they 're lovers of contemporary art and artists like Christian Boltanski , Bruno Perramant and Gina Pane . Here , out in the ` burb of Vitry-sur-Seine , MAC/VAL offers visitors a range of French modern art from the 1950s through today . And if these visitors are under 26 , they get to experience it all gratis  flash an ID to borrow a free audio guide  . From established talent to emerging artists , you 'll find them at MAC/VAL , which hosts three to four temporary exhibits each year . Look for the loos . Most folks do n't get particularly psyched about toilets . But when they 're the space-age , self-cleaning , pod-like gray structures dotting the Parisian streetscape , you just might . You 'll find 400 of these disabled-accessible bathrooms scattered all around Paris  they 're open between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m.  near major tourist spots , food markets and taxi stands . Each time a visitor uses these "  sanisettes , " the toilet bowl and floor are automatically cleaned , dried and disinfected -- and they contain coat hooks , a mirror and sink . And with natural roof lighting , reduced water use and renewable-source electricity , they 're eco-friendly to boot . Mother Nature must be thrilled . Life 's a beach  during the summer , at least  . So what if the Seine River that snakes through Paris has no beach ? This city is nothing if not inventive -- so Mayor Bertrand Delanoë spearheaded the creation of Paris Plages , man-made "  beaches " that offer locals and tourists alike a "  Seine-side holiday " each summer . Starting around July 20 and for four weeks after , the city closes the streets along the river , brings in tons of sand and palm trees and offers a slew of entertaining options from beach volleyball to kayaking to open-air concerts on three different "  beaches . " Of course , this being France , riverside cafés , restaurants and ice cream vendors are de rigueur . You 'll have to wait 'til next year to take advantage of the next installment , but what a Parisian way to spend those dog days of summer , from 8 a.m. to midnight . Make it a museum . Just like museums in most world-class cities , many of those within Paris open themselves to visitors free of charge one day a week . In the City of Light , that 's the first Sunday of each month . Save those euros for a few café au laits or souvenirs and check out the Louvre , the Musée d'Orsay and the Musée National Rodin  hello , The Thinker !  , among others . Some , like the Musée Carnavalet , offer free admission to their permanent and themed collections each day . For those seeking a free dose of nighttime culture -- and who visit Paris in mid-May -- Nuit des Musées is just the ticket . Nearly 200 city museums keep their doors open during this one night from 6 p.m. until at least midnight . See Paris through local eyes . There 's nothing like traipsing through a city with a local resident by your side . The Parisien d'Un Jour , Paris Greeter program , pairs city visitors with regular residents -- students , working people , retirees and others . These folks are n't formal guides or interpreters , just passionate Parisians willing to spend two or three hours walking with groups of six or fewer tourists , showing off their favorite areas and spots based on your interests and language . Just go online to register .  Paris Greeters welcome visitors with disabilities , too .  Got questions about navigating the Métro or Parisian quirks ? Ask away . And while the service is free , the program happily accepts donations . Savor free sounds on Sunday . As it has since the early 1930s , the American Church in Paris has hosted the Atelier Concert Series , which offers a performance venue to musicians of diverse backgrounds and musical styles . Staged at the legendary Left Bank church every Sunday at 5 p.m. from September to November and January through June , music lovers will hear everything from classical pianists to opera singers to flute-and-guitar ensembles . Feel like giving thanks ? Drop something in the voluntary offering at the door . Maureen Jenkins is a freelance travel and food writer who lives outside Paris and blogs at UrbanTravelGirl.com .	Free programs pair tourists with locals to explore the city Take in views from the top of the Left Bank 's Institut du Monde Arabe at no cost Free concerts and museum admission give visitors a complimentary taste of culture
CNN  -- Law enforcement officials arrested more than 500 people , and took custody of 48 juveniles in a coordinated 29-city weekend sweep aimed at combating child prostitution , the FBI announced Monday . Task forces made up largely of state and local police officers arrested and booked what authorities said were 464 adult prostitutes , 55 pimps and 55 customers on state charges . While most faced local charges , a senior FBI official said he expected there were would be some federal charges as well . The FBI Monday said 19 searches were conducted , netting a total of $ 438,000 in cash , plus illegal drugs , cars and computers . The four dozen juveniles were recovered in the third phase of Operation Cross Country , an initiative that seeks to help child prostitutes and crack down on people who control them and patronize them . In the previous coordinated operations , authorities recovered 21 alleged child prostitutes last June and 47 in October . In 2003 the FBI , Department of Justice prosecutors , and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children launched what was called the Innocence Lost National Initiative to address what had become a growing problem of children forced into prostitution . Many were young runaways . Officials say the 32 Innocence Lost task forces formed nationwide have now recovered about 670 children in the six years , and seized more than $ 3 million in cash . The most recent operation involved law enforcement agencies in several states including California , Alaska , Michigan , Georgia , Colorado , Oregon , Alabama , Massachusetts , Mississippi , Illinois , Texas , Florida , Ohio , Minnesota and Arizona .	Police booked 464 adult prostitutes , 55 pimps and 55 customers on state charges FBI : 19 searches netted $ 438,000 in cash , plus illegal drugs , cars , computers Officials say Innocence Lost task forces recovered about 670 children in 6 years
Rome  CNN  -- Saying it was "  shocked and alarmed " after a Chinese man and infant were killed in a botched robbery in Rome , the Chinese Embassy urged Italian authorities to protect Chinese citizens in Italy . Zhou Zheng , 31 , and his 9-month-old daughter were killed Wednesday , according to Italy 's ANSA news agency . Two thieves demanded 5,000 euros  about $ 6,360  from his business 's earnings as he was returning home with his family , according to the report . A bullet passed through the baby 's head and struck Zhou in the heart , autopsy results said , according to ANSA . The Chinese Embassy in Rome issued a statement saying it was "  shocked and alarmed for the tragedy in Rome , and it firmly condemns the killers for their atrocity and inhumane violence . " The embassy asked Italian authorities to "  apply all the necessary measures " to find the killers and bring them to justice . "  We also ask that Italy takes all the necessary measures to guard the personal and patrimonial security of the Chinese citizens in Italy , " the statement said . The killings come amid a wave of unrelated slayings in Rome , ANSA reported . "  Rome 's patience and that of her citizens is finished , " Mayor Gianni Alemanno said , according to the news agency . "  There are criminal beasts that are operating in our city that must be stopped at all costs . " About 130 new police officers were to arrive in Rome in Friday , authorities told ANSA . By the end of January , a contingent of 400 officers is to be in place . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	A Chinese immigrant and his 9-month-old daughter die in a robbery The Chinese Embassy says it is "  shocked and alarmed " Report : Italian authorities vow to deploy more officers to combat wave of slayings
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Profits at celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay 's British restaurants plunged by nearly 90 percent in the last 12 months . Gordon Ramsay has become as successful on television as he has been off-screen . Run by the Scottish-born chef and his father-in-law Chris Hutcheson , Gordon Ramsay Holdings reported a drop in annual turnover from # 41.6 million  $ 68 million  to # 35 million  $ 57 million  in the year to August 2008 , Britain 's Press Association reported Friday . Pre-tax profits plummeted by over # 3 million  $ 4.9 million  to # 383,325  $ 627,000  , while net debt in the group , which includes London restaurants such as Claridges , Maze and the flagship Royal Hospital Road , soared to almost # 9.5 million  $ 15.5 million  . With spiraling debts and crippling tax bills , the star of TV shows such as "  Ramsay 's Kitchen Nightmares " and "  Hell 's Kitchen " was forced to pump huge amounts of his own money into the business , even selling his prized Ferrari to raise funds , The Guardian newspaper said . Ramsay has attributed his business problems to over-ambitious expansion plans , in addition to the closure of two of his 11 London eateries . The Michelin-starred chef opened ten restaurants between 2007 and 2008 , while The Savoy Grill was forced to close as the Savoy hotel was refurbished , and the lease at the Connaught expired . The 42-year old was also forced to review his company 's international operations , closing restaurants in Paris , Los Angeles and Prague , The Times newspaper reported . "  Ambition overtook me . We thought we could do anything , that we could n't fail , " PA quoted Ramsay as saying recently . A full review of the group 's operations was instigated in December as part of a refinancing deal with the Royal Bank of Scotland and to help the business get through the troubled economic times . "  2008 brought its own challenges , not just for our group , but for the industry as a whole and the broader economy , " Hutcheson told PA. . "  Whilst the restructuring has benefited the group , the significant contribution and commitment of all 750 staff to the business has been integral to moving us to a position of strength . " Ramsay has endured a difficult time recently . Last month he was criticized by Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd after reportedly comparing television star Tracy Grimshaw to a pig during a live cooking show in Melbourne . His trademark colorful language also came under fire last year by another Australian lawmaker . However Ramsay told the country 's Channel Nine Network , which broadcasts Kitchen Nightmares and Hell 's Kitchen , that the shows emphasize the "  pressures of working in a restaurant kitchen . "	Turnover by Gordon Ramsay Holdings drops from $ 68M to $ 57M Pre-tax profits plummet by over $ 4.9 M to $ 627,000 Over-ambitious expansion plans , restaurant closures blamed Ramsay currently owns nine restaurants in London
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan said Tuesday that it would hand over to Australian authorities three Australian anti-whaling activists being held aboard a Japanese vessel , but that it would press on with its annual whale hunt in the seas near Antarctica . The activists had illegally boarded the ship , a patrol vessel supporting Japan 's whaling mission in Antarctic waters , to protest the hunting of the giant marine mammals in the area . The three men will be released without charge after being questioned by Japan 's Coast Guard , an official at the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Tuesday . The official declined to be identified as is customary in Japan . "  They have not been violent after getting on board and had no record of joining past destructive actions by Sea Shepherd , " the official said , referring to the anti-whaling group that has clashed several times with the Japanese fleet . He said the Japanese whaling fleet needed the patrol boat to continue with its hunt . Australia engaged in diplomatic discussions with Japan to ensure the well-being and safety of the three men , the Australian attorney-general , Nicola Roxon , said Monday . She said that while Australia steadfastly opposes Japan 's whale hunt , the incident did not occur in Australian territorial waters , meaning that Australian law did not automatically apply to the case . Japan annually hunts whales despite a worldwide moratorium , utilizing a loophole in the law that allows for killing the mammals for scientific research . Each year , environmental groups like Sea Shepherd face off with Japan 's hunters in a high seas drama that has led to collisions of ships , the detaining of activists and smoke bombs fired back and forth between the groups . Japan has lodged a protest with the Australian government through diplomatic channels , asking it to prevent such boardings in the future , the Japanese foreign ministry official said Tuesday . Video footage released by Sea Shepherd showed the three men , from the environmental group Forest Rescue Australia , boarding the Japanese vessel from a small boat on Sunday . Sea Shepherd had described the three activists -- Geoffrey Owen Tuxworth , 47 , Simon Peterffy , 44 , and Glen Pendlebury , 27 -- as "  prisoners . " The organization said the men boarded the vessel to force Japan 's fleet to stop hunting whales . This is the third time activists have boarded ships involved in the Japanese whaling fleet . In 2008 , two Sea Shepherd activists sneaked aboard a Japanese vessel . They were released back to the anti-whaling group . In 2010 , Pete Bethune , a New Zealander , also boarded the Shonan Maru # 2 . Bethune was arrested , taken back to Japan , and tried in a Tokyo court . He spent five months in prison and was released on a two-year suspended sentence . CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Japan has lodged a protest with the Australian government over the boarding Japan will hand the three activists over to the Australian authorities The Japanese fleet will continue its annual hunt in Antarctic waters Environmental groups clash each year with Japan 's whaling vessels
Tokyo  CNN  -- Norio Ohga , the former president and chairman of Sony Corporation who helped to develop the compact disc , died Saturday of multiple organ failure , the company said . He was 81 . Ohga worked for what is now Sony as a consultant and adviser while still a music student in Tokyo , before joining the company full time in 1959 . He rose to the ranks of chairman and president and is credited with driving the company 's growth in movies , video games and music . Ohga saw the potential of the compact disc early and spearheaded Sony 's efforts in that area , the company said . His training as a musician led him to push for a 12-centimeter format , providing enough storage to allow listeners to hear all of Ludwig van Beethoven 's Ninth Symphony without interruption , according to Sony . Those specifications are still in use today . The company sold the world 's first CD in 1982 and within five years , CD sales overtook LP record sales in Japan . Ohga is also credited with launching Sony 's game business and was head of Sony when it bought Columbia Pictures in 1989 . He was a senior adviser to Sony at the time of his death . "  By redefining Sony as a company encompassing both hardware and software , Ohga-san succeeded where other Japanese companies failed . It is no exaggeration to attribute Sony 's evolution beyond audio and video products into music , movies and games , and subsequent transformation into a global entertainment leader to Ohga-san 's foresight and vision , " Sony Chief Executive Howard Stringer said in a statement . "  I offer my deepest condolences on his passing and pray that he may rest in peace . "	Ohga is credited with helping to develop the compact disc He led the company 's growth in music , games and movies Ohga died of multiple organ failure at 81
CNN  -- Kenya 's military controls half of the Somalian port city of Kismayo as it tries to drive out the al Qaeda-linked militant group Al-Shabaab from one of its last strongholds , a military spokesman said Saturday . Kenyan and Somali ground forces are in control of the northern part , which is the old city , after a day and a half of fighting , spokesman Cyrus Oguna told CNN . They are consolidating the areas they have gained before moving into the south , where the Islamic militant group is believed to be , he said . The military launched airstrikes against the group Saturday . "  Al-Shabaab has not been able to offer any resistance whatsoever to the ground forces since the ground forces landed there yesterday , and the whole of yesterday and the good part of today they have  suffered  heavy casualties , " Oguna said . More : Mogadishu bombing kills Somali broadcaster The Kenya Defense Forces inflicted "  massive destruction " on Al-Shabaab 's infrastructure Saturday , using jets and helicopter gunships to destroy three of the group 's bases , according to the military 's official Twitter account . "  Great care and caution has been exercised to avoid collateral damage , " it said . But in a series of posts Saturday on a Twitter account often used by Al-Shabaab , the group said the Kenyan military is "  waging a losing battle " in Kismayo . It said mujahedeen forces ambushed Kenyan troops 30 km  18 miles  west of Kismayo , destroying three vehicles and killing dozens of troops in a two-hour battle . Oguna said those reports are "  pure propaganda . " "  There has been no major ground forces engagement , " he said . Kenya 's military makes up the majority of troops in an African Union offensive to drive Al-Shabaab out of Somalia , where the group has long tried to overthrow the government . Al-Shabaab has suffered setbacks in the fight , including losing control of much of the capital , Mogadishu , last year . That made Kismayo even more critical for the group , which uses the port to profit from the illegal charcoal trade and smuggling operations . More : Soldiers killed in blast targeting Somali president Thousands of civilians fled the city this month as fighting loomed , according to the U.N. refugee agency . It said that Somalis were leaving in minibuses , in trucks and on donkey carts . "  Great care and caution has been exercised to avoid collateral damage , " the Kenyan military said Saturday . Since crossing into Somalia in October , Kenyan commanders and politicians have stated more than once that capturing Kismayo was the ultimate aim of their operation . The military 's operation to take Kismayo began with airstrikes and naval gun support three days before the ground troops arrived , Oguna said . Twitter postings Friday from Kenya 's prime minister and deputy prime minister congratulating the military on capturing Kismayo actually referred to the ground forces ' arrival in the city , Oguna said .	The Kenyan military says it controls half of Kismayo A Kenyan spokesman says Al-Shabaab is suffering leavy losses Al-Shabaab says the military is waging a "  losing battle " The militant group has long tried to overthrow the Somali government
CNN  -- As news spread that "  Soul Train " legend Don Cornelius died Wednesday morning of a gunshot wound at the age of 75 , fans and friends took to Twitter to express their grief in a stream of condolences that continued Thursday . His son , Tony Cornelius , issued a statement Thursday afternoon expressing sadness at the loss of his father . "  At this time , we respectfully ask that you allow our family and friends the privacy necessary to get through this difficult time , " he wrote . "  We thank all the well-wishers and the fans who have supported the Soul Train legacy . Love , Peace and Soul . " "  Soul Train " host Cornelius would sign off the show with the words "  Wishing you love , peace and soul , " and many , including musician Rob Thomas and actor/rapper Ice Cube , honored Cornelius ' memory by tweeting his trademark phrase . Others , like actress and TV personality Holly Robinson Peete , chimed in with memories of Cornelius as a friend . "  Don was a friend , supporter , neighbor a pioneer . We will miss you . ... Rest With Angels Don . Prayers for son Tony and entire family , " she tweeted Wednesday . Both rapper Talib Kweli and ABC News ' Robin Roberts shared memories of watching Cornelius host the long-running television show "  Soul Train , " with Kweli sharing Wednesday , " ` Soul Train ' was a huge part of my Saturday mornings growing up . " Legendary soul singer Chaka Khan also said , "  I 've known him practically all of my life , back when he was a DJ at WVON radio in Chicago . He was a great man . He opened the borders for black music . He was like family to me . Don will be missed . " Singer Aretha Franklin called his death "  so sad , stunning and downright shocking . " "  Don Cornelius single-handedly brought about a melding and unity of brother and sisterhood among young adults worldwide and globally with the unforgettable creation of ` Soul Train , ' " Franklin said . The Rev. Al Sharpton also took to Twitter to express his sadness over Cornelius ' passing , sharing that he is "  shocked and grief stricken by the reported suicide of Don Cornelius of Soul Train . I have known him since I was 19 years old . " He added in a statement that he and Cornelius "  maintained a friendship for the last 38 years . " The venerated producer "  brought soul music and dance to the world in a way that it had never been shown , and he was a cultural game changer on a global level , " Sharpton continued . "  Had it not been for Don Cornelius , we would not have ever transcended from the Chitlin circuit to become mainstream cultural trendsetters . " Music industry heavyweight Quincy Jones echoed that sentiment . "  I am shocked and deeply saddened at the sudden passing of my friend , colleague , and business partner Don Cornelius , " Jones says in a statement . "  Don was a visionary pioneer and a giant in our business . Before MTV there was ` Soul Train , ' that will be the great legacy of Don Cornelius . His contributions to television , music and our culture as a whole will never be matched . My heart goes out to Don 's family and loved ones . " Singer and actor Tyrese Gibson posted on his Twitter page , "  First day of black history month ... We lost  a  legend today . . RIP Don Cornelius I will never forget our laughs and moments . . ! Bless you . !! " Televison personality Tavis Smiley said , "  Don Cornelius was our cultural ambassador at a time when Black music , Black dance and Black fashion were underappreciated . "	Many express their grief on Twitter Holly Robinson Peete says Cornelius was a friend , and she will miss him Chaka Khan says Cornelius was like family
Rome  CNN  -- More than 100 people suspected of Mafia involvement were arrested Friday in Italy as police launched two separate operations near Rome and in the country 's southern Calabria region . Police made 51 arrests in Ostia , a coastal community on the outskirts of the capital , for alleged crimes connected to the Sicilian Mafia , known as Cosa Nostra , police said in a statement . An additional 65 people were detained in a separate operation in Calabria , where those arrested are suspected of links to the powerful ` Ndrangheta Mafia . The operation in Ostia is one of the largest ever carried out against organized crime in the Rome area , a police news release said . More than 500 police officers , as well as maritime and dog units , were involved , police said . The alleged crimes under investigation in Ostia range from extortion to murder , to international drug trafficking to illegally controlling the slot machine market and business activities related to the beach , police said . Police say their operation has delivered a "  mortal blow " to the leadership of the Mafia organization in the capital . Entire Mafia clans have been hit by the arrests , they say . Among those detained are alleged Mafia boss Carmine Fasciani . Members of another Mafia clan , Vincenzo Triassi and his wife , have been arrested on the Spanish island of Tenerife thanks to coordination with Interpol , another police statement said . They are being held in a Spanish jail awaiting extradition proceedings , police said . Politicians , businessman , lawyers , doctors and even members of the prison police were arrested in the second operation , which targeted Mafia leadership around Lamezia Terme , a city in Calabria , another police news release said . Those arrested are accused of crimes including murder , criminal association and extortion , it said . Every year , the release said , the criminal gang made millions of euros through a system of insurance fraud , with the funds used to finance the acquisition of arms and drugs . "  We are particularly satisfied with the investigation , " Rodolfo Ruperti , police chief of the city of Catanzaro , whose force carried out the Lamezia Terme operation , told CNN by telephone . He said the inquiry shone a spotlight on the "  gray area " of relations among politicians , businessmen and Mafia groups suspected of carrying out dozens of murders in past years .	Police launch two large-scale anti-Mafia operations in Italy Police make 51 arrests in Ostia , near the capital , Rome An additional 65 people are detained in a separate operation in Calabria Police say their operations have struck at the leadership of Mafia groups
Tokyo  CNN  -- The Japanese company trying to contain the release of radiation from its Fukushima nuclear plant must pour enough water to cool its damaged reactors without creating an overflow of contaminated water from the plant , a government official said Tuesday . Yukio Edano , Japan 's chief Cabinet secretary and the government 's point man for the nation 's nuclear crisis , said the effort to prevent the reactors from overheating "  must be given priority . " But Edano acknowledge the danger posed by continuing to pour water into them . "  If we need to increase water injection , this is what we need to do . If we stop water injection , fuel rod temperatures may increase and that may result in overheating , " Edano said . "  But fundamentally we need to drain the water as soon as possible . " Edano 's remarks came a day after he told reporters that the containment structure surrounding one of the reactors at a quake-battered nuclear power plant is damaged and may be leaking radioactive material . The plant 's owner disclosed that small amounts of plutonium had been found among contaminants around the facility late Monday as Japanese authorities struggled to explain how radioactive water was leaking into maintenance tunnels and possibly , into the Pacific Ocean . Edano told reporters Monday afternoon that "  there may be a leak " from the containment vessel surrounding the No. 2 reactor . He said experts were still trying to determine the condition of the reactor 's pressure vessel , which sits inside the containment vessel and immediately surrounds the radioactive fuel rods at the reactor 's core . "  Somehow , we understand water is being moved from one place to another , " Edano said . "  We need to hear an explanation from experts . " Reactors 1 to 3 at the plant , located about 240 kilometers  140 miles  north of Tokyo , are believed to have suffered core damage after their cooling systems were knocked out by the March 11 earthquake and tsunami that ravaged northern Japan . The tsunami knocked out backup generators that ran their coolant systems and damaged water pumps at the plant , forcing workers to scramble to prevent a meltdown . Technicians restored external electric power late Monday to the No. 3 reactor plant , a step toward restoring cooling systems there , the plant 's owner reported late Monday . But hydrogen explosions -- an early symptom of core damage -- inflicted heavy damage on the buildings housing the No. 1 and No. 3 reactors in the days following the quake , and another suspected explosion rocked the No. 2 reactor on March 15 . Japanese nuclear regulators and the owner , the Tokyo Electric Power Company , say they know little about what damage was sustained in that blast . Tokyo Electric announced late Monday that plutonium -- a reactor byproduct that is also part of the fuel mix in the No. 3 reactor -- had turned up in soil on the plant grounds in tests taken last week . However , the company said it was equivalent to the amounts that fell on Japan following above-ground nuclear weapons tests by other countries in past decades , and posed no health risk to humans . "  Just in case , TEPCO will increase the monitoring of the nuclear plant grounds and the surrounding environment , " the company said . Three plutonium isotopes -- Pu-238 , -239 and -240 -- were found in soil at five different points inside the plant grounds , Tokyo Electric reported . The element can be a serious health hazard if inhaled or ingested , but external exposure poses little health risk , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . The company said the discovery would not change efforts to bring an end to the crisis at the plant , which has spread radioactive contamination across much of northern Japan . Water found in a maintenance tunnel leading to unit No. 2 's turbine house remained radioactive enough to pose an immediate hazard , authorities reported after taking new readings Monday afternoon . The 1,000 millisievert per hour reading is more than 330 times the dose an average person in a developed country receives per year and can result in vomiting and up to a 30 percent higher risk of cancer , according to the International Atomic Energy Agency . The level is also four times the top dose Japan 's Health Ministry has set for emergency workers struggling to control the further emission of radioactive material from the damaged plant . Cham Dallas , an expert on radiation and public health at the University of Georgia , told CNN 's "  American Morning " that the level suggests operators are facing "  a deteriorating situation " at the No. 2 reactor . "  Fortunately , that 's in the reactor area , not outside and not in Tokyo or even in the area in Fukushima province , " Dallas said . "  But in the reactor area itself , that 's -- that 's concerning to me . We 're starting to see levels now that are dangerous to reactor workers if they 're in those contaminated areas . " The officials said it was unclear how contaminated water got into the tunnel , or if it might have spilled out and seeped into the Pacific Ocean from there . "  Right now , it is not known , " Hidehiko Nishiyama , an official with Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency , said Monday evening . Water was being pumped out of the No. 1 and No. 2 turbine building , but Nishiyama noted that there is no place to put water pooled in the No. 2 building 's basement . The plan is to extract the water using what he called a condenser . But that apparatus is "  almost full , " as are several storage tanks nearby . A similar challenge is holding up the removal of collected water in the No. 3 unit 's turbine building basement . "  So we will first have to empty some of the tanks , " he said , adding later only that the tainted water needs to be removed "  as soon as possible . " Seawater readings from a monitoring post 330 meters  361 yards  into the Pacific Ocean showed elevated readings of the reactor byproduct iodine-131 , an isotope that loses half its radioactivity every eight days . The measurement was taken north of the discharge canal for reactors 1-4 , where a reading of 1,850 times normal was recorded Sunday . And despite reduced alarms in recent days , Nishiyama noted Monday that the temperature is rising inside the No. 1 reactor -- a sign that the nuclear fuel rods in that unit remain in danger of overheating . Units 1 , 2 and 3 were the only three of the six reactors operating when the magnitude 9 earthquake struck . The quake and resulting tsunami knocked out backup generators that ran their coolant systems and damaged water pumps at the plant , leaving authorities scrambling to pump water into the reactors and the spent fuel pools to prevent a meltdown . Authorities have switched from pumping seawater into the reactors to using fresh water , and plan to switch from seawater to fresh water in the spent fuel pools , where old fuel rods are stored . Monday was the 32nd anniversary of the worst U.S. nuclear accident , a partial meltdown at the Three Mile Island power plant outside Harrisburg , Pennsylvania . Though no deaths or injuries resulted , the accident hamstrung the American atomic power industry for decades . CNN 's Whitney Hurst contributed to this report	NEW : Japanese official says contaminated water overflow a threat Plutonium found in small quantities on plant grounds Power restored to No. 3 reactor Radioactive water , possible containment leak plague plant
CNN  -- Can the "  birthers " ever be convinced that Barack Obama was born in America and is eligible to serve as president ? Probably not , according to one prominent psychology professor and other political observers . Since Obama launched his bid for the White House , a sizable minority of Americans has expressed strong doubts about whether he was actually born in the United States . Over the past few years , the allegation that he was born overseas -- in Kenya or perhaps Indonesia -- has taken on a life of its own , despite a mountain of evidence to the contrary . A recent CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll showed that roughly 25 % of Americans -- including over four in 10 Republicans -- believe Obama was definitely or probably not born in the United States . Earlier this week , CNN released the results of its own investigation into the controversy . Documents and statements from numerous public officials and childhood friends made clear that the president was born in Hawaii on August 4 , 1961 . On Wednesday , Obama himself addressed the issue , pleading for an end to the distractions of "  sideshows " and "  carnival barkers . " The president yielded to demands from his critics that he release his original long-form birth certificate , filing a special legal request with Hawaiian authorities to release a document that is no longer used for official purposes and ordinarily remains buried in the basement archives of the state health department . Obama 's 2008 release of the more common "  live birth certification " -- a short computer-generated form typically used for documentation purposes -- did little to silence the chorus of skeptics . It remains to be seen whether Wednesday 's release will be received any differently . But the early reaction was n't exactly positive . One of the main websites pushing the birther claims -- birthers.org -- declared that "  forgery or not , now we can debate the true meaning of a natural born citizen . " The U.S. Constitution says only "  natural born " citizens can become president -- a vague clause that some members of the birther movement contend disqualifies Obama if he was born outside the United States . Joseph Farah , editor-in-chief of the conservative website WorldNetDaily.com , said that "  we know  Obama 's  father was a Kenyan citizen , and that he would therefore confer Kenyan or U.K. citizenship on his son , which would at best make him a dual citizen . " Dual citizenship , Farah asserted , "  is not what the Founders had in mind when they coined the phrase ` natural born citizen . ' " Sharon Guthrie , the legislative director for a Texas state representative backing a bill requiring proof of citizenship for presidential ballot access , told the website Slate.com that she was still suspicious . "  What they produced today ... still says certificate of live birth across the top , " she said . "  We want to see a ` birth certificate . ' ... The one that we have that says ` birth certificate ' is from Mombassa , Kenya , with his footprint on it . He has still not produced an American birth certificate . " Why the unrelenting skepticism ? Emory University 's Drew Westen , author of the "  The Political Brain " and an informal advisor to Obama 's 2008 campaign , chalked up much of it to Obama 's reluctance to immediately rebut the charge more quickly in the presidential race . "  The right wing was attempting to make him ` one of them ' as opposed to ` one of us , ' " he claimed . Westen , a professor of psychology and psychiatry , cited what psychologists call the "  sleeper effect . " "  If you present negative information about someone and it initially goes unchallenged , you might alter some people 's conscious beliefs by challenging it later , " he asserted . "  But they are left with a negative gut-level feeling that does n't go away . " "  Political feelings , once they are strongly held , tend to be resistant to facts . It 's just the result of the way our brains work , " he said . Westen mentioned the so-called "  Swift Boat " attacks against Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry in 2004 , which called into question the senator 's service in Vietnam . Kerry "  allowed his honor to be challenged and did n't respond for weeks , " Westen said . "  When finally he did respond and had definitive evidence that the attacks were untrue , it was too late . People 's feelings towards him had already changed . They would n't change back by that point . " Along similar lines , Westen told CNN that if staunch Democrats or Republicans are presented with clear evidence of wrongdoing on the part of their party 's nominee shortly before an election , they 'll come up with "  every kind of rationalization to explain it away . " "  We fight off information that makes us feel bad and gravitate toward information that makes us comfortable , " he said . Westen also brought up the explosive issue of race , one of the biggest political lightning rods in U.S. history . He insisted the birther movement never would have taken hold with a white president . It 's not fair to call a large segment of today 's electorate "  1950s-style racists , " he said . But some people are "  unconsciously prejudiced in a way that predisposes them to not believing that a black man with a funny name could have really been legitimately elected president of the United States . " But Bill Mayer , a Northeastern University political scientist , took issue with the notion of race as the critical component of the birther movement . "  The fact that Obama is black may affect the form of the conspiracy , but probably not the fact that there is a following for this rumor , " he told CNN . "  Conspiracy beliefs have a long history in American politics . " Mayer cited a range of political conspiracy theories , including claims regarding the Kennedy assassination , involvement on the part of the Clintons in alleged murders , and George W. Bush 's supposed knowledge of the 9/11 terror attacks . Presidential historian Douglas Brinkley noted that , back in the 19th century , questions were raised over the American roots of Andrew Jackson and Chester Arthur . But it was "  nothing like this , " he told CNN . "  We are now in the age of electronic journalism . ... This has become a ghastly scenario  over  the last month . " Mayer suggested that Obama 's release of the long-form birth certificate will "  further marginalize those who insist  the matter of his birth  is an open question . " Still , he added , "  I do n't understand why the White House took so long " to put out the document . Just how long will the controversy drag on ? Westen claimed the birther issue will continue to be political fodder until a critical mass of Republican leaders decide it 's making the GOP look "  foolish " and hurting the party among independent voters . A spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , released a statement Wednesday claiming that the controversy "  has long been a settled issue . " History suggests otherwise . CNN 's Brian Todd and Shannon Travis contributed to this report	A significant portion of the electorate continues to believe Obama was n't born in America There is overwhelming evidence that Obama was born in Hawaii in 1961 Emory 's Drew Westen says race is a key factor , and that people often block out facts they dislike Northeastern 's Bill Mayer notes the long history of conspiracy theories in U.S. politics
Some people here just wanted the drama to end . Others say it can never end , not as long as a white cop can shoot an unarmed black teenager to death without consequences . On the street in front of Ferguson 's police station on Monday night , the tension crackled as hundreds of people awaited a grand jury 's decision and chanted demands for an indictment . They were denied . No indictment , the grand jury said . Officer Darren Wilson will not be charged in the August 9 killing of 18-year-old Michael Brown . "  They do n't care about black people , " said Danielle Hines , in the throng outside the police station . "  They treat us like criminals . This is what it feels like to be black in America . " Get the latest updates The crowd surged toward metal gates in front of the station . Some people were crying ; many were angry . They threw their hands up and screamed . A chant arose , " F*ck the police ! " They were met by a phalanx of cops in full riot gear . "  No justice , no peace ! " It soon turned ugly . Protesters turned their rage on police vehicles and boarded-up storefronts . The air was heavy with noxious gas . Police denied it was tear gas , but CNN reporters insisted they had been tear-gassed . Brown 's shooting death ignited two weeks of violent protests last summer in Ferguson and rekindled the national debate on race and the criminal justice system . Supporters of Brown 's family backed witness accounts that Wilson fired while Brown had his hands up in surrender . Wilson 's supporters say that Brown was the aggressor and the officer fired in self-defense after the teen tried to take his gun . What 's next for Officer Darren Wilson ? ` I 'm scared . This is so sad ' The emotional response to the grand jury decision spoke to issues far larger than Ferguson -- to America 's deep racial divisions . Deidre Johnson , who is raising four boys , had tears in her eyes as she learned the grand jury 's decision . "  I just know they ca n't walk on our streets , " she said . "  I 'm scared . This is so sad . " Another mother echoed her feelings . "  I hate this for our youth , " said Shellie Robinson , who has a 19-year-old son . "  We 've been fighting for 100 days . This breaks my heart . " The head of the Southern Poverty Law Center , which for decades has fought racial injustice in the Deep South , said Ferguson underscores a flawed and biased justice system . What 's next for Brown family ? "  The events in Ferguson have made vivid just how wide the gulf is between the police and those who are policed in so many communities in our country , " said Richard Cohen . "  It 's a gulf that 's been formed by the history of discrimination in our country , a gulf that has been deepened by the systemic biases in our current criminal justice system . It 's a gulf that breeds suspicion and mistrust , a gulf that undermines the very legitimacy of our system of justice . " President Barack Obama , speaking after the announcement , said : "  We need to recognize that the situation in Ferguson speaks to broader challenges that we still face as a nation . " At Morehouse College in Atlanta , about 200 students chanted : "  Ferguson 's hell is America 's hell . " They chanted the names of other black men and women killed by police and quoted civil rights hero the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . His daughter , the Rev. Bernice King , had hoped people would rise above anger and make history . "  Decades from now , what do we want historians to write about this moment ? " she asked . She urged protesters to speak up , but refrain from violence . "  Historians , 40 years from now , can reflect that we decided to live in such a way that humanity could continue , " she said . "  Nonviolence 365  days a year  is the choice that we must make . The alternative may well be a civilization plunged into the abyss of annihilation . " Protests spread far beyond Ferguson ` This is our moment , St. Louis ' Another religious leader , St. Louis Archbishop Robert Carlson , echoed calls for a restrained reaction . "  This is our moment , St. Louis , " he said several hours before the grand jury 's findings were announced . "  Whatever the grand jury decides , we can be an example for the rest of the world . Everyone is watching what we will do next , and violence is not the answer . " Tory Wilson , co-founder of the "  Hands Up United " organization , urged calm and restraint -- by the police . "  I 'm urging calm for the police officers to not pepper spray me , tear gas me , mace me and shoot rubber bullets , " he said . "  People need to urge the police to be calm . Stop hurting kids , stop traumatizing our communities . " Many questioned why , given the volatile emotions on the streets , prosecutors waited until long after darkness fell to announce the decision . Tension had been building in Ferguson for days . A crowd gathered outside police headquarters Monday evening , chanting , "  Indict that cop ! " and "  Tell me what democracy looks like . This is what democracy looks like ! " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson Ray Lewis stood out among the demonstrators . He was white , and he wore a police uniform . He carried a sign that said , "  Police : try love . " A retired police captain from Philadelphia , Lewis came to support the protesters and draw attention to what he considers excessive use of force by police across the country . "  I wanted to bring a white police captain 's face to show people in Iowa , Nebraska , Kansas , that too often blacks are shown as rioting and as criminals . And that is just not true , " he said . "  Think twice about judging these people . " He insisted he was n't anti-cop . "  I am anti-corrupt cop , " he said . He was surrounded by people chanting , "  Mike Brown ! Mike Brown ! " He said there 's a lot of truth to what 's being said about white cops not hesitating to pull the trigger on young black men . Police should recruit officers more sensitive to racial issues , Lewis said . Otherwise , police can be perceived as an occupying force . "  There 's a thousand Fergusons all over America . " Read Wilson 's grand jury testimony	The events in Ferguson , Missouri , show America remains deeply divided over race Grand jury 's decision in Michael Brown killing triggers more rage and fear Woman in Ferguson : "  They do n't care about black people . They treat us like criminals "
CNN  -- Are these the worst working hours in world sport ? Twenty days at a time working four hours on and four hours off , crammed onto a boat with seven crewmates , some freeze-dried food and one change of clothes each . Repeat for nine months , until you have crossed the globe . "  My family did n't want me to join this team , " admits Liu Ming , who goes by the English name Leo on the boat . His teammate , Cheng Ying Kit , confides : "  Actually , I have n't told my family yet . They do n't know I 'm going to do offshore sailing . " Leo and Kit are fighting to join an experimental boat for one of sport 's toughest events : the Volvo Ocean Race . When the race begins , in October , the Dongfeng Race Team will be China 's first meaningful attempt at offshore sailing . The route will take the crew from Spain around Africa to the southern coast of Asia , on to New Zealand , beneath South America to Brazil , then back across the Atlantic to Sweden . There are only seven places available on the boat , manned by French skipper Charles Caudrelier , and Chinese hopefuls have endured months of testing and training . Hundreds initially applied â $ " most had some sailing knowledge but none had the experience expected of an ocean race competitor . Even so , 20 applicants were selected . Twelve reached the second phase and now a handful remain . Selectors kept the top applicants awake for 40 hours at a time , giving them task after task , replicating the demands they may face as a small crew , alone in a storm . Some left after that experience . Some walked away once the real sailing began . Novelty segments "  We did a big , real test offshore and one of our best guys decided to stop . He said it 's too hard , too long , " recalls Caudrelier . The 40-year-old was part of the team which won the last Volvo Ocean Race and is now making his debut as skipper . He faces a race against time to prepare crew members from a country where sailing is barely known . In China , the big sports include football , basketball , table tennis and badminton . A fishing nation ? Yes . Sailing as a sport ? No . Chinese companies have sponsored boats in the past and , recently , individual Chinese sailors have won an Olympic title and crossed the globe , yet the sport remains in its infancy . "  They had a few novelty segments on Chinese TV , where they would stick a reporter on a boat for a day . And China has one Olympic sailing champion in Xu Lijia , " explains Mark Dreyer , founder of the China Sports Insider blog . "  But no-one would recognize her on the street . Very , very few people would know her name . " Caudrelier 's Chinese recruits hope to make their names in one of the world 's most treacherous sporting endeavors . The team manager , Bruno Dubois , has personal experience of the worst the race can offer . Dubois , 54 , skippered a boat in the 1989-90 ocean race . In just one leg of that race , rival boats had seven crew members swept overboard : one died . As racing progressed , some boats hit whales and others capsized . Earlier in June , as the Dongfeng crew crossed the Atlantic for the first time , they themselves almost struck a whale . "  So close , we could hear it breathing , " reported Caudrelier from the boat . "  I have that in my mind all the time , " says Dubois , "  knowing we are bringing the Chinese along . "  I know it 's going to be hard and I do n't want to finish the race with something dramatic like what happened in 1989 . " Communication problems Though the Chinese hopefuls all have some sailing experience , they are offshore novices and will be paired with experienced team-mates , mostly French , for the race itself . Safety is paramount , but tricky : language is proving a barrier . All of the crew , French and Chinese , must speak English as their common tongue , and one or two are struggling . "  Communication is a big problem , " admits Caudrelier . "  Two of the Chinese sailors do n't speak English . They are having English lessons , every day we try to improve their English . " Dubois adds : "  We have decided that when all the Chinese are together , if there is one non-Chinese person at the table , they have to change to English . Same with the French , which is really hard for them , too . "  Each time you fail , you have to put 50 cents in a box . We 'll use the money for a big party . " Caudrelier warns : "  Everything is in English -- the rules , everything . If they want to play the game , they have to speak English . For Dongfeng racing it will be a problem of safety if we do n't manage to solve this . " So why do it ? Why take a group featuring inexperienced sailors , some of whom have trouble communicating , on such a daunting feat of endurance ? "  Chinese Dongfeng , Global Dongfeng , " reads the slogan of the boat 's backer , a commercial vehicle manufacturer . For them , the chance to send a Chinese crew to the Volvo Ocean Race is a matter of global prestige . "  Twitter and Facebook are blocked in China , yet they are on the team 's website , " notes Dreyer . "  It 's definitely very western . "  A lot of Chinese companies , from a business perspective , are trying to go global . "  Look at Huawei -LSB- the Chinese telecoms company -RSB- . They have sponsored a ton of different football teams across Europe , to make them look impressive in the eyes of the Chinese public because they were involved in international sport . " More challenges For the sailors , both French and Chinese , the motivation is a rare chance to bring their sport to a new frontier . "  I feel more than just a responsibility , " says Dubois . "  It wakes me up sometimes at night , and I know Charles Caudrelier is the same . Because we have , in 10 months , tried to do what people have done in 10 years and it 's not easy . "  If we can show the public that 40 % or 50 % of our team is from China , the next time it will probably be 80 % . They will learn more and more . The challenge for us is to bring some legacy in China for offshore sailing . " Leo says , through a Chinese interpreter : "  The sport of sailing has just started in China . As Chinese , what we need to do is to take more challenges , and to participate in more this kind of race . "  I think there will be lots of Chinese sailing teams joining international sailing in the future , so we must find the best way to do it at the beginning . " Leo will find out if he has made the team on June 26 , while the race begins in Alicante on October 4 . "  My big fear is not being good . Not being competitive , " admits Caudrelier , who won aboard the Groupama boat in 2012 . "  I hope we win some legs at least . For sure , it 's more complicated because we have the Chinese aspect and we have to teach them . "  But I think , if we want to win , the story will not finish at the end of this race . Dongfeng want to do the next three Volvos and have more Chinese on board , maybe a Chinese skipper in three years ' time . We have to continue the job . " Kit says : "  It 's not scary . We really want to take the challenge . "  We know it 's tough , we know it 's dangerous , we know we 'll have to take risks . But that 's the game . " Learn : Why size really matters in the yachting world Inspire : Ca n't afford a house ? Try this	Chinese team led by French sailors entering the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race Applicants from China deprived of sleep for up to 40 hours during selection trials Crewmates must overcome language barrier with safety paramount in race which can kill Team leaders hope to establish lasting sailing legacy in China when race begins on October 4
CNN  -- Leszek Balcerowicz , Poland 's former finance minister , recently said his country is enjoying "  its best period in 300 years . " CNN looks at how the country emerged from communism to become one of eastern Europe 's most stable and thriving democracies . Solidarity leader Lech Walesa addresses striking workers in Gdansk , Poland in 1989 . Modern Poland gained independence in 1918 only to be overrun by Germany and the Soviet Union during the Second World War . Almost six million Poles , including the majority of the country 's large Jewish population , died during the devastating six-year conflict . The shadow of Stalin continued to loom large over Poland after the war , when the communist-dominated government ensured that Poland would become a Soviet satellite state for the next 40 years . The following decades were punctuated by revolts against the repressive authoritarian regime in Warsaw , but none had a greater impact on Poland 's political future than events in 1980 at a shipyard in western Poland . With a struggling economy and rumors of corruption and mismanagement within the state causing widespread discontent , a series of strikes by workers paralyzed the country . Eventually the government was forced to negotiate and on August 31 , 1980 , workers at the massive Lenin shipyard in Gdansk , led by an electrician named Lech Walesa , signed a deal giving workers the right to strike and form trade unions . This heralded the creation of the Solidarity movement , which would ultimately be instrumental in bringing Poland 's communist era to an end . The presence in the Vatican at the time of Polish-born Pope John-Paul II was also a significant influence on the movement throughout the 1980s , as the Catholic church had remained a very potent force in Polish life . The Pope even made a visit to the country in 1979 . Despite Soviet-endorsed attempts to slow the erosion of the regime 's grip on power -- including the declaration of martial law by General Wojciech Jaruzelski in 1981 which outlawed Solidarity -- Poland 's worsening economic situation , compounded by further nationwide strikes , meant that the government had no alternative but to negotiate a date for free elections with Walesa and the Solidarity movement . Solidarity members won a stunning victory in the election of 1989 , taking almost all the seats in the Senate and all of the 169 seats they were allowed to contest in the Sejm or parliament . This gave them substantial influence in the new government . Activist and journalist Tadeusz Mazowiecki was appointed prime minister , while Lech Walesa was elected as president the following year . After years of economic mismanagement under the communists , Poland embarked on a painful reform program under finance minister Leszek Balcerowicz -- especially in traditional heavy industries such as coal and steel -- which moved away from the inefficient state-controlled system of economic planning . Despite growing unemployment and a dilapidated infrastructure , Poland was slowly transformed into an investment-friendly , market economy . Banking and lending policies were reformed , while newly reshaped ownership relations , independent enterprises and strengthened domestic competition all had a massive impact . Over a relatively short period of time , Poland had become one of the most dynamically developing economies in Europe and by the mid-1990s , it became known as the "  Tiger of Europe . " Poland also liberalized its international trade during this period . The national currency -- the zloty -- became convertible to other currencies and internal convertibility was also established , providing another platform for dynamic economic growth . New markets in countries that had been treated not so long before as ideological as well as economic enemies were opened up to Polish companies . The EU and U.S. were now the key markets for Polish goods . This realignment of policy was emphasized by its accession into the European Union in 2004 . It had also joined NATO in 1999 . Unfortunately the continuing problem of high unemployment and the promise of better salaries encouraged many Poles to work in other EU countries after 2004 . However this trend started to reverse in 2008 as the Polish economy enjoyed a boom period . Politically , Poland has also successfully transformed itself into a fully democratic country . Since 1991 the Polish people have voted in parliamentary elections and four presidential elections -- all free and fair . Incumbent governments have transferred power smoothly and constitutionally in every instance to their successors .	Poland was ruled by Soviet-backed regime after the Second World War Solidarity movement became a key factor in the fall of communist regime Centrally-planned economic system replaced by free market economy Poland joined the European Union in 2004
Islamist militants in Nigeria 's restive north have taken the lives of 34 people since Christmas , including 27 Christians attending church services . On Tuesday , the country 's military took the fight to Boko Haram 's stronghold , killing 13 suspected combatants . Read more : Nigeria guilty of abuses in pursuing Boko Haram militants Joint Task Force Operation Restore Order lost one soldier during the afternoon gunfight in the isolated town of Maiduguri in Nigeria 's far northwest corner , said spokesman Sagir Musa . The task force condemned alleged Boko Haram attacks going back to July 2012 in a statement , calling them "  incessant callous , brutal , barbaric and impious killings . " These included attacks on mosques , churches and businesses . Human Rights Watch said the militant group has killed more than 2,800 people in all . On Christmas Eve , attackers raided two churches , killing 12 people and setting one of the churches alight . Six days later , suspected Boko Haram fighters killed at least 15 Christian worshipers , slitting some of their throats , according to Nigerian authorities . Read more : 22 killed in three attacks in Nigeria Boko Haram carried out its largest known massacre in January 2012 killing 211 through coordinated bombings and gun assaults in the northern city of Kano , a popular target . The group often attacks Nigerian police stations . The name Boko Haram means "  Western education is sacrilege . " In the past , they have attacked other Muslims they felt were on an immoral path but have increasingly killed Christians . The U.S. State Department has accused Boko Haram of attacking mosques and churches to incite tensions between the two religious groups , hoping to drive a wedge between them . It has condemned some of the group 's leaders for alleged ties to al Qaeda . Read more : Opinion : Nigeria is a sinking ship , but we must not desert it	One soldier is killed in the gunfight Boko Haram 's name means "  Western education is sacrilege " A January 2012 militant attack killed 211 State Dept. : Group has ties to al Qaeda
The crowded world of social media apps got squeezed a bit tighter with the introduction of Jelly on Tuesday . The social Q&A app from Biz Stone , a co-founder of Twitter , relies on photos and friends to find answers to questions that may not fit neatly into a Google search , such as , "  What kind of flower is this ? " Sure , people can turn to their Facebook or Twitter feeds to ask which backpack to buy , or where to responsibly dispose of or donate old iPhone chargers  both real questions currently appearing on Jelly  . The technology is n't new . Neither is turning to friends for help with everything from where to eat in Philadelphia to suggestions for an 8-year-old 's birthday party . But Stone is hoping Jelly makes this experience fun while helping users find answers faster . The dedicated social-search app is free of news feed and timeline clutter , while still allowing you to make use of your social network . We spoke to Stone over the phone Tuesday about how Jelly works . His answers informed these instructions : Using Jelly is simple enough . Open the app , connect your social networks  Facebook 's platform app must be turned on  and users are immediately prompted to either look through pending questions  "  7 people need help "  or snap a photo . Users can add links and draw on a photo before sharing a question with others . Seeing questions and answers from unfamiliar people ? Stone says the app works much like LinkedIn , where "  2nd degree " connections will appear . In other words , users will be asking questions and receiving answers from friends as well as friends of friends . To follow a question , simply tap the "  favorite " star in the upper right corner and notifications will appear within the app . But if you dismiss a question , you ca n't go back to it later when you think of the answer or remember you have a friend on Facebook who probably knows it . Questions also can be shared outside the app and answered via the Web by people who do n't use Jelly . These answers show up as "  forwarded by ... " Stone says in the future they 'd like to figure out a way to connect names with outside answers , but it is n't a top priority right now . Users can also rate answers to their own questions , and to other users ' questions , as "  good , " and send virtual "  thank-you cards " to helpful respondents . So far , customer ratings for Jelly in iTunes are mostly positive . For a short time Tuesday Jelly experienced an error which prevented users from connecting and logging in , which appears to be the reason for most posted complaints . Some meaner critics called the app "  pretty but pointless . " Some also have criticized Jelly 's inability to sort through questions , see questions only from certain users or filter results . In response , Stone said that categorizing questions defeats the purpose of using your entire social network . But he emphasized that he 's open to the wishes of the nascent Jelly community , and the idea of sortable questions is not completely out of the question in the future .	Jelly , a new social Q&A app , was released Tuesday App emphasizes using friends and photos to answer questions Ratings on iTunes are mostly positive , but critics claim app is "  pretty but pointless " App was co-founded by Biz Stone , one of the founders of Twitter
CNN  -- While Apple is busy pushing a smaller tablet to take on Google and Amazon 's 7-inch offerings , Google is thinking big . The company has teamed up with Samsung for the new Nexus 10 tablet , a direct competitor to the full-size iPad . The Nexus 10 is a solid entry into the category , with excellent hardware and a stunning screen . It comes in two models and prices : the 16GB version is $ 399 , and the 32GB tablet costs $ 499 . CNNMoney : Google unveils new Nexus tablets and phone The tablet does n't go on sale til November 13 , but we got our hands on one early . Here are our impressions : What 's Inside The real selling point of any tablet it its operating system . And if you 've ever read the comments on a gadget article , you know that people feel very strongly about which OS and ecosystem is the best . Apple 's intuitive iOS -- the system running on iPhones and iPads -- has dominated the market , but competition has cropped up over the years . Google 's Android system has had some issues , but it 's been slowly improving with each release . Now Microsoft is in the ring with Windows 8 , whose tablet system is a refreshing and fun entry that could win over new users . The Nexus 10 is running a new version of Google 's operating system , Android 4.2  still called Jelly Bean  . This new update packs some subtle improvements and fun surprises , although it still catches in a few spots , such as built-in apps getting stuck on simple tasks . The main screen is easily customizable . Tap on the middle button on the dock to bring up a grid of all apps , then arrange them any way you like on one of the multiple lock screens , or keep them tucked away in the application view . There are widgets you can add to the background , like interactive photo albums and the weather . In the top left corner is a drop-down list of notifications , and settings are in the top right . The new Android has a swipe-typing feature , so you can drag your finger around the on-screen keyboard to spell a word , only taking your finger off the screen between words . Searching is front and center on the Nexus 10 , with multiple places to start a search either by typing or speaking a request . The Google Now feature shows "  cards " below the search bar , populated with information it thinks is relevant to you , such as nearby restaurants or public transit schedules . It also can now pull key information , like a flight itinerary , straight from your e-mail account . One of the most exciting new features is support for multiple users . Unlike a smartphone , a tablet can get passed around the family or office . Having separate profiles is a great feature that other tablet makers will hopefully pick up soon .  The Kindle Fire and Windows 8 devices have kids ' modes , but adults share gadgets , too . There are many options for customizing the tablets ' settings and appearance , and if you 're not careful the end result can be a messy and overly confusing interface . If Apple is a strict parent who claims to know what 's best for you , Google is the cool uncle who lets you eat ice cream and finger paint on the new sofa . Ecosystem Tablets are tools that companies can use to sell you more content , apps and services . Amazon is able to sell its $ 199 Kindle Fire HD for such a low price because the company makes its money by selling users books , movies , TV shows , apps and even physical goods through the device . Apple makes gobs of money off content in the iTunes store , books and apps . Google is no exception , which means there 's a subtle sales pitch lurking around every corner . The Google Play store surfaces when you first open the Nexus 10 , showing you a selection of books and magazines in the middle of the main screen  the first ones are free , you see  . Apps for reading books , listening to music , reading magazines and watching movies are all extensions of the Play store . Google is so excited about how nice magazines will look on the Nexus ' high-res screen that it 's included two separate apps for looking at them : Currents and Play Magazines .  In another example of needless doubling up of apps , there is a Gmail app and an Email app . The Nexus 10 would also really like you to have an account for Google + , the company 's social network . What 's outside The physical designs of tablets have been somewhat unified since Apple 's iPad set the standard in 2010 . Today 's tablets are thin , usually black rectangles whose fronts are dominated by a touchscreen , with minimal buttons and ports scattered around the edges . Google and Samsung have tried to give the form their own spin . The Nexus 10 is all black , with rounded corners and a familiar sheet of Gorilla Glass covering the entire front side , including the 10-inch screen and its black border . There 's a mic jack , a micro HDMI port and a micro-USB charging port .  For people juggling multiple gadgets , it 's always a relief when a new addition sticks with the nonproprietary micro-USB option . The back is coated in a rubbery textured material that gives it a pleasingly sturdy feel , and the smooth shape makes it easy to hold . To some it might feel cheap , but the extra grip actually makes the device seem less precious and more usable , like a case is n't necessary to protect it from damage . The optional front cover should suffice for keeping the important bit -- that big smooth screen -- safe from scratches . And it 's a fighting weight : just 1.33 pounds , slightly lighter than the full-size iPad 's 1.44 pounds . Screen and speed Turn on the Nexus 10 and its bright , vivid HD screen blocks out the rest of the design . In the battle of specs , Google just inched in above Apple in the screen resolution department . The screen quality is key for this size of tablet . Ten-inch tablets are often media consumption devices , so movies and photos need to look crisp and vivid . They 're also being bought as a replacement for laptops , so this monitor needs to be good enough to work and play on . The Nexus 10 delivers with a killer screen . The 2560-by-1600 screen packs in 300 pixels per inch  compared to the newer iPad 's 264 pixels per inch  . Movies and TV shows are rendered in full 1080p . A beautiful screen is no good without speedy graphics , and luckily the Nexus 10 has a powerful dual-core A15 processor . Cameras Taking a photo with a tablet is odd , but as the saying goes , the best camera is the one you have with you . If all you have is an unwieldy rectangle with which to capture a moment , the Nexus 10 's back camera is a fine pick . It has a flash and can capture 5-megapixel images and shoot 1080p videos . Tablets are fantastic tools for video chatting , but the front camera always gets cheated on specs . The Nexus 10 is no exception . Its front-facing camera has no flash and captures 1.9 megapixel images and 720p videos . The camera hardware is average , but there are some nice touches in the software . The view is clutter free when you 're composing a shot , but tap anywhere on the screen and a nifty control dial appears that lets you adjust settings such as exposure compensation , scene mode , white balance and flash . In the gallery view , you can do detailed edits , including the option to instantly Instagram-ize your images by adding filters and borders . The final touch is the panorama mode . There 's the regular rectangular pano mode , which can capture and stitch together 360-degree images . But the winner is the photo sphere mode , which can go in all directions to capture a complete , street view-esque image of your surroundings .	Google 's new 10-inch tablet is a direct competitor to Apple 's full-size iPad The 16GB version will cost $ 399 and the 32GB version $ 499 It will be running a new version of Android 's Jelly Bean operating system The tablet goes on sale November 13
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China 's president has vowed to continue the economic reforms that have transformed the once poverty-riddled nation into an industrial powerhouse . Deng Xiaoping envisioned a modern , prosperous China . Speaking on the 30th anniversary of China 's decision to open itself up to the outside world , President Hu Jintao told a crowd of 6,000 at Beijing 's Great Hall of the People : "  Standing still and regressing will lead only to a dead end . " Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping was the architect of the economic reform movement , which was to set the country on a radical new course when the first policies were approved on December 18 , 1978 . "  Reform and opening up are the fundamental causes of all the achievements and progress we have made , " Hu said , according to state-run media . He said Deng 's vision three decades ago was "  completely correct . " Over the past 30 years , China has maintained an average annual growth rate of 9.8 percent -- triple the world average , China 's Xinhua news agency reported . Watch as China marks 30 years of reform " The Chinese gross domestic product soared from 360 billion yuan  $ 53 billion  in 1978 to 24.95 trillion yuan  $ 3.7 trillion  in 2007 , making China the world 's fourth-largest economy , according to Xinhua . However , Hu warned the Chinese people not to grow complacent , especially in the midst of the global economic crisis . He said China must continue to concentrate on economic development and diversification . "  We must adhere to the correct direction of reform and opening up so as to build a system that is full of vigor , highly efficient , more open and has a favorable environment for scientific development , " he said .	Deng Xiaoping was the architect of the economic reform movement in 1978 Reforms opened country up economically to the outside world In 30 years China has maintained an average annual growth rate of 9.8 percent China is now the world 's fourth-largest economy
CNN  -- Tennis superstar Roger Federer is hoping to help the victims of the Australian floods by setting up a fund-raising event this weekend . Rising waters in Queensland have left the state 's premier warning of "  the worst natural disaster in our history " as homes have been flooded and power cut off in the capital city Brisbane . Federer , who is in Melbourne preparing to begin the defense of his Australian Open title next week , set up a similar exhibition following the Haiti earthquakes a year ago . "  The floods here in Australia are devastating ! I am on my way to practice now and am going to speak with Tennis Australia to see if we perhaps can organize something on Sunday to help raise some funds for the people of Queensland who have been affected , " Federer said on his Facebook page on Wednesday . "  Stay tuned as it would be great if the sport of tennis can help out right before the Australian Open begins . " Tense waiting game for Brisbane residents The 29-year-old Swiss player supports several charities , having launched his own foundation in 2003 to help disadvantaged children . He and tennis rival Rafael Nadal raised $ 2.6 million in the first of two offseason charity matches in Zurich in December . He also visited tsunami victims as part of his role as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador . Tennis stars have already contributed to the Queensland disaster fund , with American Andy Roddick donating $ 10,800 after reaching the final of the tournament in Brisbane last weekend . Australian star Samantha Stosur also made a donation , and Roddick 's website reported that the men 's and women 's ATP and WTA ruling bodies would pledge $ 10 for every ace serve hit by their players in Brisbane , Sydney this week and the Australian Open .	Queensland has been hit by rising flood waters in the past week or so Tennis stars have already made contributions to the disaster fund Former world No. 1 Roger Federer hopes to stage exhibition this weekend He did the same ahead of last year 's Australian Open for Haiti earthquake appeal
CNN  -- Taking time out to eat a homemade chocolate cake is hardly the conventional way to win an ultra-endurance marathon , but do n't tell Emelie Forsberg . Her quirky and offbeat approach -- she competes sporting a hair band adorned with flowers -- has proved a breath of fresh air in the male-dominated sport of Skyrunning , where she has become world and European champion . Fleet of foot , she makes light work of massive mountains such as Mont Blanc and the Matterhorn -- running with a permanent smile etched across her face -- because for Forsberg this truly is a labor of love . "  It 's my biggest passion , you create a relationship with nature , " the Swede tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I love to be in the mountains because it gives me a feeling of freedom and what is real . " Worryingly for her rivals , Forsberg admits that the other reason for her cheery disposition is that she also has plenty of room for improvement . "  I 'm smiling because I 'm so happy to get to do what I love the most , " she says . "  And also because I 'm very bad in pushing myself over the limit . I 'm always pretty comfortable , I do n't want to suffer ! I can remember only one or two races when I was really hurting . " And the flowers in her hair ? "  In Sweden we only have them for two months , so it 's always nice to have beauty around you , " the 27-year-old explains . "  It 's just a nice thing to have in the hair , it 's a nice touch . " Forsberg is also aware that the majority of the competitors in Skyrunning mountain races are men and she likes to strike a feminine chord . But her appearance and friendly disposition belie a fiercely competitive instinct , and she has not only been dominating the women 's competitions but also regularly placing in the top 10 against all opposition . Forsberg 's other major passion is baking , stemming from her time as a chalet girl at a ski resort . Her personal website is a mixture of running anecdotes and "  recipes from a mountain lover " for her favorite treats such as cinnamon cakes and apple pie . She tries out her efforts on her boyfriend Kilian Jornet , who just happens to be the the dominant male competitor on the world Skyrunning circuit with a string of big race victories and records . "  I love sweet things and my boyfriend loves sweet things , so it 's a win/win situation , " she says . "  I can bake as much as I want and I know what 's inside and how good it is and only with good ingredients . " Back in 2010 , on her way to her first victory in a mountain marathon , Forsberg naturally thought it would be a good idea to take a treat with her on the way . She spent 20 minutes at the summit to chomp through that chocolate cake before continuing to the finish . Her undoubted talent drew her to the attention of professional Skyrunning outfit Team Salomon , although Forsberg admits she had little knowledge of the discipline and the existence of a circuit . "  I got an invitation to Team Salomon  in 2012  to join them for a training camp and I was like , ` Yeah ! I 'll try that , ' " she recalls . "  I got to realize that Skyrunning is a very big sport here in Europe and it 's actually bigger than cross-country skiing is in Sweden and for me , cross-country skiing is really big . " An almost overnight success , Forsberg now lives with Jornet in the French ski resort of Chamonix , under the shadow of the imposing Mont Blanc , the perfect training ground for the sport 's golden couple . And for Forsberg , her idea of a perfect day is most people 's idea of purgatory : an eight-hour run on mountain trails at high altitude . She spends up to an average of six hours per day , week on week preparing for her heavy racing program . "  I wore out seven pairs of shoes last summer , " she reveals . Skyrunning has three main disciplines : a vertical race , which is entirely uphill ; a standard event held over between 20-40 km , involving an ascent and descent ; and the blue riband "  ultra " held mostly over 80 km . Forsberg excels at all the distances and is now tackling longer races -- her biggest challenge being a 30-hour-plus 170 km test , during which even she admitted she had doubts about finishing as the going got particularly tough . Her love of natural surroundings became engrained from an upbringing on a rugged coastal region in eastern Sweden , with her family home surrounded by "  hilly terrain and wild forests . " There was not much time spent watching television or sitting by a computer and , with her grandparents on her mother 's side from Lapland , she spent a lot of time in the mountains as well . "  I have always been fascinated about mountains , the views and just the freedom you get there , and when I was finished high school I moved to the mountains and I just started to train there , " Forsberg says . "  I went up to summits , I went climbing and so I started Skyrunning -- but I did n't know that I was doing it . I just did what I loved . " As a student , Forsberg gained a degree in biology , but her Masters deposition is on hold while she concentrates on training and racing professionally -- particularly given her recent successes . They have bought her widespread acclaim , but an incident in September 2013 served notice of the dangers of extreme sport and sparked some adverse publicity . She and Jornet were attempting to climb the Aiguille du Midi , a near 4,000 m mountain in the Mont Blanc region , when they ran into trouble near the summit in rapidly deteriorating weather conditions . Dressed only in light jackets and wearing just running shoes , they were left trapped on a rock face in driving winds , snow and fog . Rather than taking more risks by rappelling  abseiling  back down the mountain while freezing cold , the pair decided to call out the local mountain rescue team and sit tight . With conditions too bad for a helicopter to operate , they had to wait seven long hours before receiving assistance . It was a salutary lesson of the power of nature . "  We underestimated the conditions , " Forsberg wrote on her personal website . "  The stupid mistake was I did not take a lot of extra warm clothes . " "  We are people . We make mistakes and learn from them . But this is still the way I love to be in the mountains . Light and fast . " After the Skyrunning season finishes , the adventurous duo spend their winters competing in ski mountaineering races , which combine alpine and cross-country skiing -- Forsberg competed in the latter Olympic discipline growing up in Sweden -- and climbing selected peaks . "  I first tried it two years ago and I got really hooked and I 've reached a pretty good level , " she says . "  I can live from that during the winter and it 's a really nice complement for Skyrunning as well . " For Forsberg 's rivals there is yet more cold comfort in her future ambitions on the circuit . "  Each race I want to improve , each race I want to do again , but for sure I want to improve and I have so much more I can improve on , so this is my motivation . " With such distances to be covered , and over uneven terrain , to the uninitiated there appears to be the prospect of physical burnout , but Forsberg tells another story . "  I have never been injured despite racing almost every weekend . Skyrunning has less impact on your body than road running where the movement and impact is so repetitive . " The sport 's governing body will be keeping its fingers crossed that Forsberg stays clear of mishaps and lays a trail for other young women to make their mark . Lauri Van Houten , the vice-president of the International Skyrunning Federation , summed up her appeal . "  I 've rarely seen such unbounded love of the mountains in anyone , " Van Houten told the UK 's Guardian newspaper last year . It 's a love that shows no sign of abating , and Forsberg is already setting herself new goals , longer races , scaling ever higher peaks as fast as possible . She is inspired by Jornet , a 26-year-old from the Catalonia region of Spain who has set a series of mind-boggling records . Last year , Jornet ran up and down the Matterhorn in just two hours 52 minutes , smashing the previous best time . Forsberg now also holds the women 's records for routes on the Matterhorn and Mont Blanc and is particularly proud of her efforts . "  It 's not all about the records but I really like to move fast in the mountains and then when you reach the record , it 's ` Wow ! ' It 's pretty amazing to be the woman who is fastest up and down on the mountains , for sure , " she says . "  Racing wise , my first year Skyrunning I won the world championship , and last year I was the European champion in both long and short distance and second in the vertical , so it 's a lot of titles but it 's not only about the titles , it 's about what you do to get there . " That "  journey " to the top of such a challenging and at times dangerous sport involves long and lonely hours of preparation , but it appears Forsberg 's very raison d'etre has been satisfied . "  It 's my life , it 's my passion , I love mountains . " It 's as simple as that .	Emelie Forsberg is a world and European champion in Skyrunning The 27-year-old hails from Sweden but now lives in Chamonix She holds record for ascent and descent of several mountains , including Mont Blanc Her partner is men 's world Skyrunning champion Kilian Jornet
CNN  -- A fuel tanker rammed into a bridge and exploded into a ball of fire Thursday , killing 22 people and sending flames sweeping over the Saudi Arabia capital , state television reported . In addition to the fatalities , at least 111 others were wounded , according to the report . The accident occurred at a busy intersection in Riyadh . It affected an unknown number of cars and left buildings with gaping windows . Read more : Electrical fire kills 23 at Saudi wedding	NEW : More than 100 hundred are wounded in the Riyadh accident Explosion sends flames sweeping over the Saudi Arabia capital
Cairo  CNN  -- He was once a powerful symbol of autocracy in the Arab world , but Wednesday , a frail Hosni Mubarak was wheeled into a Cairo courtroom cage to face trial for allegedly ordering the killing of anti-government protesters . Dressed in a white prison uniform , Mubarak , 83 , was placed in a mesh and iron cage , a standard procedure in Egyptian criminal trials . The former leader , who also faces charges of corruption , peered between the bars , identified himself and denied any culpability . "  All the things that have been said are not true , " he said . It was a jaw-dropping moment , leaving many incredulous at the sight of the former dictator stripped of his power , the first of the targets of this year 's Arab Spring to face justice . If convicted , Mubarak could be punished with death . Arab media described it as the "  trial of the century . " People all over the region were glued to televisions and radios for news of the proceedings . It garnered an array of reactions from the Egyptian people as other embattled leaders in the region -- among them Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi , Syria 's Bashar al-Assad and Yemen 's Ali Abdullah Saleh -- watched closely the fate of one of their own . Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali , deposed before Mubarak in January , fled to Saudi Arabia and was tried in absentia . "  Every dictator in the region is watching this in total fear , thinking he could be next , " said Egyptian journalist Mona Eltahawy . "  And all the citizens in the region , ordinary people in the Arab or Middle East or North Africa , are thinking ` we wish we could put our tyrants on trial . ' " Mubarak , his much despised interior minister , Habib El Adly , and six of the latter 's assistants face trial on the same charges . Also facing charges are Mubarak 's sons , Gamal and Alaa . Mubarak will return to court August 15 , when his trial resumes . Legal proceedings will continue Friday when El Adly appears before the judge . Seeing the once Pharoah-like Mubarak reduced to a crippled man in a cage could garner some sympathy for him , said Barak Barfi , a researcher with the New America Foundation . Mubarak arrived in Cairo after a short trip from his hospital in the Red Sea resort town of Sharm el-Sheikh aboard a medically equipped military aircraft . A white helicopter took him to the police academy on the outskirts of Cairo where the proceedings were held . Opponents and supporters gathered at dawn to await the trial of the strongman who ruled Egypt for three decades . As the helicopter hovered before landing at the police academy , the crowd went wild . Some darted in its direction and clapped . Mubarak 's trial represents vindication for Egyptians who suffered under his rule and , more recently , those who lost loved ones who protested on the streets for his ouster . Many had awaited eagerly for Mubarak 's moment of humiliation . About 840 people died and more than 6,000 were wounded in the 18 days of uprising that toppled Mubarak , according to Amnesty International . A police officer accused of indiscriminately shooting protesters has been sentenced to death in absentia . "  Thirty years of corruption , at least we can see justice is taking place , " said a woman outside the police academy who did not want to be named . "  I do n't know how Mubarak sleeps , when he was responsible for 80 million people and he did not do his job . " But not all were so outwardly against Mubarak . Supporters outside the trial venue waved flags and photos of the ousted leader . They , along with his foes , stood riveted to a big screen set up outside the venue to broadcast the trial . The tension ran high and at one point gunfire erupted as supporters and opponents chased one another , hurling rocks and bottles . Several people were carried away in ambulances . "  How is the army letting this happen ? Where is the unprecedented security they promised ? " said Nevein Rashed after she ducked behind a van . When the brief clashes subsided , riot police stood watch as dozens of Mubarak supporters chanted . They wore T-shirts that read : "  I am Egyptian , I will not insult my president . " "  Mubarak is a symbol of Egypt , " said Entessar Ahmed , 14 , who was outside the police academy . "  If there were 30 years of corruption during his time , then every Egyptian should be sentenced because they let it happen . " Others welcomed the former leader 's trial , but do n't think anything will come of it . "  I believe that he will not be sent to jail . He will find a way to leave the country in one month , " said Basma Nasr , 20 . "  I do n't expect any verdict . I came here to watch this historic moment with other people . This has never happened before in Egypt . " A popular revolt forced Mubarak to step down February 11 , leaving the nation under the control of a military council . He has been hospitalized since suffering heart palpitations in April , but the nation 's health officials declared last month that he is "  fit to stand trial , given a proper transportation arrangement . " Former Israeli Cabinet minister Benjamin Ben Eliezer told Israeli Radio Wednesday that he had offered Mubarak refuge in the southern Israeli city of Eilat . "  Mubarak is a patriot and therefore turned down the offer , " Ben Eliezer said . Last week , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told the Arab-language news network Al-Arabiya that he respects Mubarak and hopes Egypt 's next government maintains its commitment to peace with his country . However , his office said Thursday that Netanyahu has made no offers of asylum to Mubarak . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Frederik Pleitgen , Faith Karimi , Mohammed Jamjoom , Rima Maktabi and Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : Arab media call it the trial of the century Hosni Mubarak is the first leader to face trial since the Arab uprisings started this year Other defendants , including his former interior minister , are also on trial Mubarak faces charges of corruption and ordering the killing of protesters
Kill Devil Hills , North Carolina  CNN  -- Weakening by the hour but still covering a massive area , Hurricane Earl spun off the North Carolina on Thursday night , lashing parts of the Outer Banks with rain and high wind . People along the East Coast made just-in-case preparations despite the waning power of the storm . The hurricane has been downgraded to a Category 2 storm , the National Hurricane Center said Thursday night , but warned that "  Earl is expected to remain a large and strong hurricane as it passes near the Outer Banks " of North Carolina . Hurricane warnings and watches stretched from North Carolina to Delaware and into Massachusetts , where a hurricane warning was issued for Cape Cod , Martha 's Vineyard , Nantucket and the surrounding area . A hurricane watch was also issued for the coast of Nova Scotia , Canada . Tropical storm watches and warnings were in effect for most other coastal areas between North Carolina and Nova Scotia . iReport : Share your images and information As of 8 p.m. , the center of Earl was about 160 miles  260 kilometers  south of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina , and about 625 miles  1,005 kilometers  south-southwest of Nantucket . It was heading north at about 18 mph  30 kph  . A tropical storm warning is now in effect for the coast of Massachusetts from north of Hull to the Merrimack River , and for the coast of Maine from Stonington to Eastport . The tropical storm warning from Cape Fear to west of Surf City , North Carolina , has been discontinued . The storm , which had been a Category 3 until Thursday night , has maximum sustained winds of 105 mph  168 kph  , the Hurricane Center reported just before 11 p.m. ET . Further weakening is expected overnight , forecasters said , but "  Earl is expected to remain a large and strong hurricane as it passes near the Outer Banks . " Two more tropical systems are in the Atlantic -- Fiona and Gaston . Fiona is on track for Bermuda , and as of Thursday afternoon , Gaston was n't threatening any land . Read more on Gaston and Fiona But for now , all eyes are on Earl . President Barack Obama signed a disaster declaration for North Carolina on Wednesday evening . The action authorizes the Department of Homeland Security and the Federal Emergency Management Agency to coordinate relief efforts and makes federal funds available . Maryland 's governor issued an emergency declaration earlier in the day . The monster storm is forecast to pass close to the Outer Banks on Thursday night , the National Hurricane Center said . "  Even if the center of Earl remains offshore ... hurricane force winds are expected to occur in the Outer Banks overnight tonight , " the center said in its 8 p.m. Thursday forecast . The storm is expected to take aim at southeastern New England on Friday night . "  Hurricane force winds are expected within the Hurricane warning area in Massachusetts Friday night , " the center said Thursday . Officials in Dare County , North Carolina , issued mandatory evacuation orders Thursday for visitors to the coastal county , including the Outer Banks . The mandatory evacuation extended to residents in some areas , including the town of South Nags Head and Hatteras Island . Dare County schools and courts were closed Thursday and will be closed Friday . Earl concerns homeowners along coast "  Early this evening Hatteras Island will begin feeling the impact of Hurricane Earl 's approach , " the county said in a statement Thursday evening . "  Throughout the evening , weather conditions will progressively deteriorate ... until the storm leaves the area around daybreak Friday morning . " "  Hurricane Earl will produce high seas , ocean overwash , dangerous rip currents , and strong winds , " it said . On Thursday night , Dare County Manager Bobby Outten told CNN that "  evacuations went well . " "  We got everybody off Hatteras -LSB- Wednesday -RSB- , " he said , referring to one coastal island . In other nearby areas , Outten said , "  I 'm sure there are people holding out . " "  Residents of Dare County have been through this many times , " the county 's emergency response coordinator , Warren Judge , said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  And they have their own individual practices and procedures to get their homes and businesses secured and prepared for the oncoming storm . What we need to happen now is for the visitors to heed the warning , to evacuate . " Earl is a large storm , meaning effects will be widely felt even if it does not make a direct hit . It covers about 166,000 square miles -- larger than California , which covers just under 160,000 square miles . The storm 's outflow , or the clouds associated with it , could stretch from one end of the state of Texas to the other , said CNN meteorologist Reynolds Wolf . The North Carolina coast should begin experiencing tropical storm-force winds of at least 39 mph by Thursday evening , forecasters said , with hurricane-force winds of at least 74 mph arriving later . Local coverage by CNN affiliate WECT "  Conditions are going to deteriorate rapidly , " FEMA administrator Craig Fugate said Thursday , and people should not be lulled into thinking Earl is going to miss them . "  We have teams in all coastal states ready to support  governors  all the way up the New England States , " Fugate told CNN Thursday night , describing FEMA 's standby teams . "  We 're not going to wait till things get bad . " Large breaking waves of 10 to 15 feet are possible along the coast , with possible storm surge of 2 to 4 feet and 3 to 4 inches of rainfall , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . Isolated tornadoes and waterspouts are possible . The National Hurricane Center said those in the hurricane warning area -- coastal North Carolina from Bogue Inlet up to the Virginia state line , including Pamlico and Albemarle sounds -- could see storm surge of 3 to 5 feet . However , the most severe part of Earl is expected to remain offshore , which might mean a lower storm surge , according to CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano . "  The fact that it happens overnight always gives us cause for concern , " Judge said . "  But we 're going to get a glancing blow . " He said he hoped the storm will not deal a direct hit to the area and will pass through quickly . "  This is my first hurricane and I 'm looking forward to it , " said Sarah Baker , a native of Oklahoma who works for a vacation rental company in Kitty Hawk , North Carolina . "  The locals have been really nice , telling me what I needed to buy to get ready . " Rip currents and stormy seas were reported all the way up the East Coast , from Florida to Maine . Earl will make its closest pass to New Jersey on Friday afternoon , Morris said . It is expected to make its closest pass to Cape Cod , Massachusetts , on Friday night as a Category 1 hurricane . Tourist towns on Cape see effects from Earl The long duration of tropical-storm-force winds threatens widespread power outages in parts of the South and the mid-Atlantic region , he said . Earl is expected to make a direct landfall over southern Nova Scotia on Saturday morning as a strong Category 1 hurricane . The storm will turn northeast as it collides with a cold front , said National Hurricane Center director Bill Read . But the hurricane was undergoing a phenomenon known as eyewall replacement , in which the existing eyewall weakens and a new one forms . That means the eye likely will grow in diameter and the storm will grow even larger as hurricane force winds stretch farther out , he said . Several airlines said Wednesday that passengers to and from cities along the Eastern Seaboard , from San Juan , Puerto Rico , to Bangor , Maine , could reschedule travel in coming days without penalty . Though they have not announced cancellations , Air Tran , American Airlines , Continental Airlines and Delta said they would waive reschedule fees for such travelers . North Carolina Gov. Bev Purdue urged residents and visitors to prepare for the storm and heed evacuation orders . Indeed , some people were stocking up on food at grocery stores and attaching plywood to windows and doors of coastal homes . However , others thumbed their noses at Earl , set to arrive just ahead of the Labor Day holiday , and said they were staying put . "  We 're from Michigan , so we 're used to storms , " one man said . "  But this is our first hurricane , so we 're kind of excited about it and hope everything goes well . " "  I got three bottles of wine hidden in there , " another man said , gesturing toward his grocery bags . "  The kids are good with the milk . " He said Earl "  might ruin some beach time ... looks like it 's OK , but we 'll keep an eye on the TV . " One sign on the Outer Banks warned , "  Earl , you are not welcome here . " CNN 's Angela Fritz and Randy Harber contributed to this report .	NEW : Just before 11 p.m. ET , sustained winds reported at 105 mph Earl is now a strong Category 2 storm In U.S. , warnings and watches stretch from North Carolina to Massachusetts Some people are staying put on Outer Banks : ` I 'm looking forward to it '
CNN  -- The Pennsylvania attorney general may be taking a second look at the actions of a rural high school where Jerry Sandusky was a volunteer coach in 2008 and where administrators have been publicly criticized for discouraging a student from making allegations of sexual abuse against the then-famous coach . That student , Aaron Fisher , later became known as the first of 10 victims in a scathing indictment of serial and predatory child sex abuse by Sandusky , who is now serving 30 years in prison for his crimes . The co-author of Fisher 's book , Mike Gillum , told CNN that he and Fisher 's mother have been approached by investigators with the Pennsylvania Attorney General 's office about the actions of administrators at Central Mountain High School in 2008 . Matt Sandusky files motion to have name changed Sandusky was a volunteer football coach and would often take Fisher from class without his mother 's permission . Fisher , who was abused for four years , launched the investigation into Sandusky when he came forward to police in 2009 . Fisher 's mother has repeatedly said that the high school principal told her to wait and think about the implications of accusing Sandusky before calling authorities . Although there 's been talk about an investigation by the state department of Education or by federal authorities , Gillum said this inquiry by the attorney general is the first time Fisher , his mom or Gillum have been contacted by investigators about the actions of school administrators . Sandusky 's son , six others reach settlement with Penn State In the past year , Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen Kane has launched a case-wide review of the Sandusky investigation because of numerous criticisms about the two-year gap between Fisher 's report and Sandusky 's arrest , plus allegations that charges were n't filed against others who might have known about Sandusky 's abuse for months . Two former administrators and the former president of Penn State are facing trial on charges related to an alleged cover-up at the university . But Fisher 's high school , Central Mountain , in the small town of Lock Haven , Pennsylvania , has escaped scrutiny from authorities until now . Fisher made his name public last year with the publication of his book , "  Silent No More . " Sandusky 's appeal denied	Pennsylvania attorney general 's office asks questions about school administration 's actions Jerry Sandusky would take boy out of class without his mother 's permission Sandusky is now serving 30 years in prison for child sexual abuse
Hoping her celebrity will bring attention to the widening Syrian refugee crisis , actress and U.N. envoy Angelina Jolie spoke of the horrors that children , many of them orphans , have witnessed in Syria . "  Body parts separated , and burned people being pulled apart like chicken -- a little 9-year-old girl said that , " Jolie said during her visit to a refugee tent camp in Jordan near the Syrian border . Every day , an estimated 2,000 Syrians are fleeing the relentless bloodshed that has gripped their country for the past 18 months , the United Nations ' refugee agency said Tuesday . That adds up to more than one quarter million Syrian refugees -- 253,000 -- now living in camps and other temporary homes inside Jordan , Turkey , Lebanon , and Iraq . U.N. breakdown of refugees Life in the dusty Zaatari refugee camp outside Mafraq , Jordan , is not easy for those living there , many of whom have almost nothing after leaving their homes amid violence . Members of one family told CNN they had fled over the border with a 4-day-old baby and the clothes on their backs . Others complained of being short of food and water . Escorted to the border overnight by the Jordanian military , Jolie witnessed the moment when Syrians crossed into Jordan , becoming refugees before her eyes . The actress , who is raising six children with partner Brad Pitt , said she was greatly moved by what she had seen and spoke of the connection she felt in particular with the mothers and their children as they faced such challenging times . "  The amount of innocent children that have been reported dead , the amount of innocent children I 've met here who are wounded and unaccompanied -- with their parents being killed and now they 're on their own -- it 's impossible to imagine any mother standing by and not stepping up and doing something to prevent this , " she said . Jolie has made countless trips to the world 's hotspots in her role as a U.N. goodwill ambassador -- including a visit to Syrian refugees in Turkey last year . Jordan is bearing the brunt of the refugee crisis sparked by Syria 's civil war : More than 85,000 refugees have escaped to Jordan , and many more have fled to neighboring Turkey , Lebanon and Iraq . "  Jordan has already reached its limit in absorbing the refugee influx , and what is needed now is to build more refugee camps for the Syrian refugees , " Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh said . "  We have limited means , but this is the land of the good people , and we will share with them whatever we have , no matter how little  it  is . " Jolie urged other countries to do more to help the Syrian people . "  I am grateful to Jordan and the border countries for saving the lives  of those  who are dying in Syria . It 's an extraordinary thing . We encourage the international community to support the people here until one day they go back home . " In other developments Tuesday : Diplomacy : U.N. envoy set to meet Al-Assad Veteran diplomat Lakhdar Brahimi , who was recently appointed the U.N. and Arab League envoy to Syria , will "  soon " meet Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said . It 's the latest international diplomatic effort to resolve the ongoing fighting that has claimed more than 20,000 lives over the past year and a half , according to Ban . Brahimi took the place of former U.N. envoy Kofi Annan , who resigned from the post last month after a failed peace deal with Syria . Annan met with al-Assad during his peace efforts . Brahimi has acknowledged that he faces an uphill struggle , saying he is "  fully aware " that his mission is "  extremely difficult . " He expects to travel to Damascus in the next few days , he said . Analysis : Al Qaeda looks to Syria to revive its fortunes Humanitarian crisis : A quarter of Homs residents need aid The humanitarian situation in Homs is "  grave and continues to deteriorate , " according to a team of international health experts who visited the embattled province last week as part of a U.N. exploratory mission . Some 550,000 of the 2.2 million people in the province are in need of humanitarian aid , said World Health Organization spokesman Tarik Jasarevic . And there is little time to get that aid into Homs , which has been a bastion of anti-government sentiment in the Syrian civil war . "  The urgency of scaling up delivery of humanitarian aid is exacerbated by the approaching winter , " Jasarevic said . About half of the province 's medical doctors have left , and only about three surgeons remain , he said . Facilities across the province have been damaged or destroyed , leaving only a fraction of the existing hospitals overwhelmed with patients and short on medicine and supplies . Photographer captures Syria 's rebels , escapes death On the ground : Damascus , Aleppo take another beating Opposition activists reported a wave of fresh violence in Syria that claimed at least 130 lives nationwide , 30 of them in aerial shelling , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . Among the deaths were 43 in Aleppo province , where a bakery in Marea was shelled , the LCC said . Syrian regime forces have previously attacked bread lines in the province , according to human rights groups and U.N. officials . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported that four military operations inflicted "  heavy losses upon the terrorists " in Aleppo . Damascus and its suburbs also saw at least 34 deaths Tuesday . Fierce clashes between regime forces and rebels and heavy gunfire were reported by the LCC , as well as shelling of farms and residential areas . Earlier Tuesday , the opposition activist network reported that helicopter gunships were dropping so-called barrel bombs on the village of Dabaa in Homs province and the rebel Free Syrian Army was responding with machine guns . In Elfaya , in Hama province , the opposition network reports what it describes as a "  new massacre " by regime forces , with eight people seized from their farms and executed . Four more are missing , the LCC said . In Homs , regime forces renewed heavy shelling by tanks and mortars , the LCC said . And in Daraa , the birthplace of demonstrations against President Bashar al-Assad last year , the group reported "  heavy and indiscriminate gunfire by regime forces . " State-run media , meanwhile , reported Tuesday that 30 civilians were killed in a "  terrorist bombing " Monday in front of an Aleppo hospital . The government said children were among those killed . Baby survives as family dies in onslaught	Opposition reports helicopters dropping bombs on a village in Homs Jolie describes wounded children who are orphaned from the civil war More than 253,000 Syrian refugees have fled their country , a U.N. spokesman says At least 130 people are killed in violence nationwide Tuesday , opposition says
CNN  -- The Bangladeshi military has revised the number of army officers missing after last week 's bloody uprising , from 72 down to six . Bangladeshi soldiers carry a coffin during a funeral Monday for victims of last week 's mutiny . The earlier number was based on "  assumptions , " said Lt. Gen. Sina Ibn Jamali , the army chief of general staff . "  The numbers we are giving now are grounded in facts , " Jamali told reporters Sunday night . Authorities said confusion arose because no one knew for sure how many officers were inside the Bangladesh Rifles headquarters when paramilitary troops , or jawans , staged a bloody revolt and took dozens of them hostage Wednesday . Search crews have recovered 73 bodies from a river , sewers and three mass graves inside the Rifles compound in the Pilkhana area of the capital , Dhaka . Of those bodies , 53 were confirmed as those of army officers . Meanwhile , an army investigation into the 35-hour rebellion began Monday . The police have filed murder charges against more than 1,000 Rifles , and soldiers were out in full force throughout Bangladesh looking for them . The 65,000-strong Rifles is a border security force -- distinct from the army , but whose commanders are career army officers . The jawans had complained for years that their army superiors dismissed their appeals for more pay , subsidized food and the opportunity to participate in U.N. peacekeeping operations , which pay far more than what they make at home . The two-day standoff ended after Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina promised the jawans amnesty if they laid down their arms . She has backtracked since , saying the government will not show mercy to those who killed , looted or committed arson .	Number of army officers missing after mutiny is six , down from earlier estimate of 72 Confusion arose because no one was certain how many officers were involved Murder charges filed against more than 1,000 members of Bangladesh Rifles
CNN  -- McLaren driver Lewis Hamilton believes he is back in the fight for the 2011 Formula One world championship after claiming a much-needed victory at Sunday 's German Grand Prix . The 26-year-old headed home Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso and Mark Webber of Red Bull to secure his second maximum-points haul this season and the 16th of his career . The Briton trails world champion and current standings leader Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull by 82 points , and is fourth in the drivers ' championship , but Hamilton is confident he is back in contention for the title he claimed in 2008 . "  The fight for the world championship will be very , very , very hard now , " Hamilton , who started the race second on the grid behind the Australian Webber , told McLaren 's official website . Hamilton reigns in Germany "  We 're back in the fight though , and I really hope we can carry this forward and keep the momentum going . " Hamilton spent large parts of the Nurburgring race battling at close quarters with both Webber and the Spaniard Alonso , and he felt the intense competition helped him to perform at his best . "  Driving lap after lap within tenths of each other was about trying to do everything as perfectly as possible -- yet , being aggressive yet controlled , I felt the moves I made were some of the most precise I 've ever pulled off . Passing judgment : Hamilton must stay aggressive "  Being able to drive with your head as well as your heart , and getting it just right , is massively satisfying . " Vettel , 24 , endured his lowest finish of the season so far and only secured fourth after he overtook Alonso 's teammate Felipe Massa in the pit lane heading into the final lap . It was the first time the German had finished outside of the top two this season , but Vettel still holds a 77-point lead over second-placed Webber . "  We 've seen how fast things can change and it is still a long way to go to the final checkered flag , " Vettel told the sport 's official website . Latest F1 standings after German Grand Prix "  What this weekend has taught me is how fast your race can get spoiled . I definitely hope that the next race will be business as usual . "  Of course I would have wanted to please my home crowd . I have seen so many fans in Red Bull colors , so of course I would have wanted to win here to see them cheer for me . " The next stop on F1 's world tour is Sunday 's Hungarian Grand Prix in Budapest , where Hamilton hopes to keep up his momentum . Webber won at the Hungaroring last year from Alonso and Vettel , while Hamilton failed to finish . "  We are only in the middle of the season and so many points are still waiting to be taken , " Hamilton told the F1 website . "  If you look at the results from last year the Red Bulls were light years ahead of everyone . And if you go back a month to Valencia , the Red Bulls and Ferrari were massively quick in the hot conditions , so I expect them to do the same in Hungary . But we will try to improve . "	Lewis Hamilton insists he can still win the F1 world championship The McLaren driver claimed his second win this season at German Grand Prix The 26-year-old trails Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel by 82 points in overall standings Vettel hopes to bounce back in Hungary following his fourth placing at Nurburgring
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When the new names of China 's elite political committee were announced Thursday they did n't come as a surprise to one leading China expert . Rather , they reinforced the sense of "  a major opportunity lost . " "  This Party congress has sent a very clear signal that this leadership is politically conservative , " said Cheng Li of the Brookings Institution , who predicted that the lineup would n't go down well with the Chinese people who he said were looking for signs of political reform . "  You can imagine the Chinese public may start to express some dissatisfaction with the dominance of princelings  sons of revolutionary leaders  , with the elder and retired top leader Jiang Zemin 's interference in the process of succession , and also that two liberal leaders Li Yuanchao and Wang Yang are excluded in the new Politburo Standing Committee  PSC  , " he said . As expected , the number of seats on the PSC shrank from nine members to seven and included the names at the top of many speculative lists : Xi Jinping  President  , Li Keqiang  Premier  , Zhang Dejiang , Yu Zhengsheng , Liu Yunshan , Wang Qishan and Zhang Gaoli . "  Of these seven people , it 's really five-versus-two or maybe even six-versus-one because only two people are Tuanpai , " Li said . Tuanpai are Party members who rose through the ranks of the Communist Youth League and typically have ties to outgoing president Hu Jintao . "  One of the Tuanpai members -- Liu Yunshan -- is actually very close to Jiang Zemin . So this lack of balance will potentially be a serious problem in the months or years to come , " Li added . CNN asked Li for his immediate reaction to the lineup and the possible implications for Xi 's term as China 's new president . After months of mystery , new leaders revealed What do you make of the new lineup ? It is not a surprise but a disappointment . The disappointment is based on several reasons : First , apparently there was no intra-party multiple-candidate election for the Politburo and its standing committee . They were still selected through the old way of "  dark-box " manipulation by departing Politburo Standing Committee members . Also , it 's dominated by Jiang Zemin 's protégés , especially the so-called princelings . Despite a profound sense of disappointment , I should say there are some positive things coming out of this leadership transition . One is that Hu Jintao stepped down as Chairman of the Central Military Commission , making the succession more institutionalized and complete . By and large , this leadership transition is another orderly transition in PRC history . The leadership change follows the rules and norms of age limits , and the turnover rates in all leadership bodies are all very high : 64 % for the Central Committee , 77 % for the Disciplinary Commission , 68 % for the Secretariat , 71 % for the PSC . The size change  from nine to seven members of the PSC  , including the elimination of the police czar and the propaganda czar , is a welcome development . These are all positives but , in my judgment , this leadership lineup does not generate an uplifting spirit for the nation ; I think this is a major opportunity lost . Some leaders , particularly the Tuanpai leaders , will be very unhappy . You need to give an explanation to the Chinese public why Li Yuanchao and Wang Yang -- two strong advocates for political reform -- are out . Opinion : Why China 's reforms have hit a wall Why are they out ? The reason , in my view , Wang Yang is out because he is seen by many conservative leaders as a threat . Particularly as Wang 's main political rival Bo Xilai is out , they do n't want him to be in -- previously Wang and Bo tended to balance each other in terms of power , influence and policy preference . In many ways , both are very outspoken , very courageous , very innovative in politics -- they reach out to the public for support -- so in a way , some conservatives are very scared . In my view , this group of seven leaders is very capable in economic and financial affairs , but politically they are quite conservative . Read more : Bo Xilai stripped of last official title How long will it take for Xi to make his presence or policies known ? Xi will enter a short honeymoon period despite all the criticism and worries that have already emerged . The criticism may not be against him but rather against Jiang Zemin , against the dominance of princelings . He needs to demonstrate that he can provide new hope and confidence for the public with new economic policies . He should do so relatively quickly . He ca n't wait too long because a large number of people are very unhappy with rampant official corruption and growing economic disparity . He needs to do a lot on the economic front , but I 'm a little bit concerned that because of the composition of the new Politburo Standing Commitee the political reform will be delayed . These leaders are not famous for political reform -- not like Li Yuanchao and Wang Yang . How will Xi rule ? I think he will emphasize economic reform -- to make the middle class happy -- and to promote the private sector , to introduce more economic reform mechanisms , including banking reform and state-owned enterprise reform , basically with the goal to promote private sector development . Some of his team members , like Wang Qishan , Yu Zhengsheng and Zhang Gaoli , are all pretty capable in that regard . The problem is that economic reform needs serious political reform ; otherwise , it can not go too far because of the political bottleneck . This leadership lineup has sent a very clear signal that it is politically conservative . What can Li Keqiang bring as Premier ? In many ways , he 's surrounded by Jiang Zemin 's people who will tremendously restrain his power . There were previously a lot of people who wanted to block him from the premiership -- that failed . But now even in the state council , certainly in the standing committee , he 's quite alone . What does it say about the enduring influence of Jiang ? The backlash against Jiang Zemin will be overwhelming . Yes , Jiang 's camp wins many seats in the Politburo Standing Committee , but in the future they may pay a huge price for this "  victory . " The public resentment will be very strong . These leaders are still selected by old-fashioned , behind the scenes deal-making and retired leaders ' influence , not really through an intra-party multiple-candidate election . That 's a big opportunity missed . That will undermine their legitimacy and credibility . Read more : Hu warns of enemy within Why and how is Jiang still able to wield such influence ? Because of the need to protect his interests and his family interests . To a certain extent his protégés also want to have him to help them , in a way . Jiang Zemin is strong largely because his protégés are in important positions . People like Xi Jinping , Zhang Dejiang and Wang Qishan , they 're already well-positioned . Why has Hu failed to be the type of leader who could win out against Jiang 's people in the PSC ? It 's still too early to give a well-grounded answer due to a lack of reliable information about what happened inside Zhongnanhai  Communist Party headquarters in Beijing  . There are several possible reasons : One is , Hu wants to make a contrast between himself and Jiang Zemin . Jiang stayed in power for two more years after the transition at the 16th Party Congress . But Hu wants to immediately give up that position . So it is an institutional improvement . Secondly , his volunteering to give up that position makes Jiang 's activity to promote his protégés in the past few months very problematic . The balance in the Politburo Standing Committee is broken , but the balance in the Politburo and the Central Military Commission -- between the two camps -- largely stays intact . There are many of Hu 's people in the central committee . Consequently , this may create structural tensions between these very important leadership bodies . Read more : Can Hu retain clout after handover ?	Cheng Li of the Brookings Institute expresses disappointment at lineup of PSC Politiburo Standing Committee stacked with supporters of former president Jiang Zemin Premier Li Keqiang , part of Hu Jintao 's camp , is "  quite alone , " Li said Li : "  This leadership lineup does not generate an uplifting spirit for the nation "
CNN  It may be the most historic plane in the world : Special Air Mission 26000 , SAM for short . Not familiar ? Maybe you know its nickname . Back in its heyday the sleek , blue and white airliner was called Air Force One . This ai n't just ANY Air Force One . SAM 26000 saw more historic events than any other -- ranging from the tragic to the hilarious . A national treasure , the airliner now sits in the Air Force museum in Dayton , Ohio . But you ca n't see it . It 's off limits to visitors . For many history buffs and aviation geeks , that 's a cryin ' shame . If things were different , visitors could walk down the same cabin aisles where Jacqueline Kennedy mournfully sat beside her husband 's casket en route from Dallas to Washington . You could stand in the exact spot where the only woman to preside over a presidential oath swore in Lyndon Johnson as commander-in-chief . Examine with your own eyes the on-board suites that carried President Richard Nixon to Beijing , where he cracked open U.S. relations with China . For more than 30 years , the 100-ton plane transported some of the most powerful figures on the planet -- and once it even carried a history-making ex-White House intern named Monica Lewinsky . Yep , SAM 26000 has seen a few eyebrow-raising situations over the years . Oh my , if only this plane could talk . "  A person could justify that it 's the most important historical airplane in the world , " Air Force historian Jeff Underwood said on the phone , just a stone 's throw away from the jet . "  It 's a place in history that moves . Every time I get on board , that 's what I think about . " So what 's the problem ? Why is this $ 36 million plane -- paid for by taxpayers -- shut away in a darkened hangar ? It 's ironic if you think about it . The plane perhaps most associated with politics has fallen victim to political gamesmanship . About 500 miles away , inside the bubble of Washington 's Beltway , political fighting triggered mandatory budget cuts called sequestration . The Air Force ordered the museum to economize -- including temporarily closing the Presidential Gallery where SAM 26000 is parked . Buses that are required to transport visitors to SAM 26000 's special hangar are just too pricey . So they shut it down . "  People are very disappointed , " says Sarah Swan of the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force . Staffers are trying to determine whether to hold events marking the 50th anniversary of JFK 's death this November . It 's bad timing , she admits . Last year , SAM 26000 ranked among the museum 's most popular exhibits , drawing almost 90,000 visitors among the facility 's total attendance of 1.2 million . Since the hangar doors closed in May , the jet 's visitors of course have plunged to zero . History has happened on this plane . And by stepping aboard SAM 26000 , visitors say they can imagine it all . They can imagine a newly sworn-in president Johnson grabbing ahold of JFK 's casket as he helped White House staff pull it through the plane 's rear exit into the cabin . They can paint a mental picture of federal Judge Sarah Hughes swearing in Johnson while a photographer snapped that famous image of LBJ and a grief-stricken and stunned Jacqueline Kennedy . "  You can stand on that spot where President Kennedy 's casket came in -- you think about the horror of what was going on and the shock of what happened , " said Underwood . "  You can look forward toward the nose of the aircraft and know that 's where the transfer of power took place , and you can see where Mrs. Kennedy sat near the body of her slain husband . Sometimes I still get goosebumps . " You can imagine the pilot -- Col. James B. Swindal -- as he took off from Dallas to D.C. , jetting to an unusually high 41,000 feet to guard against a possible second attack . "  He did n't have any idea whether this was part of a large conspiracy , " his son , James L. Swindal told , The New York Times . "  He was n't going to take any chances with a new president in the plane . " Imagine the dramatic scene a few hours later outside Washington at Andrews Air Force Base as JFK 's brother , Attorney General Robert Kennedy , "  leaped up " a portable stairway to board the plane . Rushing to console the first lady , RFK "  pushed his way down " the aisle past President Johnson "  without saying a word , " wrote historian Steven Gillon . An angry Johnson "  fumed that Kennedy would board the plane without even acknowledging him , " Gillon claims in "  The Kennedy Assassination , 24 Hours After . " A few days after that , imagine the plane soaring high over Kennedy 's funeral at Arlington National Cemetery , as described by historian William Manchester . Saluting the fallen commander in chief , SAM 26000 tipped its wings before Swindal "  threw all his fuel controls on full and leaned into the wind " at a blistering 600 mph . Awkward Many associate the jet with JFK , but the plane was tied just as closely to his two successors , LBJ and Nixon . In 1972 , SAM 26000 touched down in the world 's most populous nation , as Nixon forged the first U.S. ties with the People 's Republic of China . Aboard the plane , a "  burly " Nixon aide "  blocked the aisle " to keep staffers from following the president down the stairway to the tarmac , national security adviser Henry Kissinger recalled . Nixon did n't want anyone getting in the way of his historic photo op with China 's premier . Nine years later , imagine Nixon sitting with ex-presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter in the "  relatively cramped tail section " of SAM 26000 , as TIME magazine described it . They felt "  somewhat ill at ease , " as they flew to the funeral of Egyptian President Anwar Sadat , wrote Carter years later . And they certainly had their reasons -- especially Carter and Ford . Just five years earlier Carter , a Democrat , had delivered a stinging election defeat to the GOP 's Ford . Tension also ran high among staffers aboard the flight . They endured long waits to use the lavatories and got upset about who received bigger cuts of steak at dinner , according to author Ronald Kessler . Then Nixon "  surprisingly eased the tension " with "  courtesy , eloquence and charm , " Carter revealed in a memoir . Aboard SAM 26000 , the two former enemies developed a camaraderie and then a friendship , wrote historian Douglas Brinkley . ` Buck naked ' Air Force One was designed for presidential multitasking , generations before the word was even invented . Maybe the funniest example of this concept occurred aboard SAM 26000 at a campaign stop in 1964 . Johnson invited reporter Frank Cormier and two colleagues to an impromptu press conference in the plane 's bedroom , according to Cormier 's book , "  The Way He Was . " The president -- who wanted to change clothes after giving a speech in the hot sun -- astonished the reporters when he "  removed his shirt and trousers , " while answering their questions about the economy . Johnson then "  shucked off his underwear " and kept talking while "  standing buck naked and waving his towel for emphasis . " Another time on the jet , Cormier wrote , Johnson was sitting and talking with his legs crossed when an "  airman who served as LBJ 's valet " kneeled before the president and "  quickly removed one of Johnson 's shoes and socks , bathed the naked foot then put on a fresh sock and replaced the shoe . " Neither the valet nor the president ever acknowledged each other , and Johnson did n't miss a beat of his conversation . The plane carried LBJ 's body after his death in 1973 , just as it had Kennedy . Twenty-one years later , it ferried Nixon 's casket back home to California . SAM 26000 's legacy also includes a footnote labeled , "  Monica Lewinsky . " The former White House intern who later became a central figure in the impeachment of President Bill Clinton flew aboard the plane as a Pentagon staffer on a tour of European nations in the '90s . By that time , the aging SAM 26000 had been demoted as a second-tier presidential aircraft and was reserved as a backup . The Air Force introduced a military version of the Boeing 747 -- much bigger than SAM 26000 -- into the SAM fleet beginning in 1990 . SAM 26000 carried about 48 passengers and crew , while the new bigger jets held more than twice as many : 102 passengers and crew with about 4,000 square feet of floor space to roam around in . "  It was such a quantum leap forward in Air Force One 's capabilities , " said Underwood . "  With the added ability of inflight refueling , it freed up Air Force One to do whatever it needed to do . " By 1998 , SAM 26000 was done . Then-Vice President Al Gore honored the plane 's legacy by hosting its final official flight -- a hop from Washington to Columbia , South Carolina , before it traveled to the Air Force museum in Ohio a few months later . "  If history itself had wings , it probably would be this very aircraft , " Gore said at the time . As this year 's 50th anniversary of the Kennedy assassination approaches , SAM 26000 's caretakers at the Air Force museum have no idea how to plan for it . As Underwood put it , "  We 're just held in limbo right now . " It 's a mystery whether Congress will end sequestration in October -- or if even deeper cuts will follow . The Air Force is already preparing for a worst-case scenario . At the Pentagon , Air Force brass have no plans to change the current funding situation at the museum -- at least through October , said Air Force Lt. Col. Laurel Tingley . After that , she said , "  we do n't know what the new normal will look like in our current fiscal-constrained environment . " In the meantime , the Air Force "  will continue to take action to reduce spending " as a way to support "  overseas contingency operations and preserve readiness , " Tingley said . "  It 's heartbreaking , " says Rep. Michael Turner , a Republican member of the powerful House Armed Services Committee who represents the museum 's district . "  These are incredibly historic aircraft , " Turner said , which are inaccessible to visitors because of sequestration that he described as "  shameful and outrageous . " Turner called on the Senate and President Barack Obama to come to the table with a solution and break the deadlock . Despite the closure of the museum 's Presidential and Research and Development Galleries , the facility remains open seven days a week , and admission is free . But until funds appear -- or lawmakers in Washington can come together -- the world 's most historic plane will stay behind closed doors . Air Force returns sequestration-grounded Thunderbirds to the sky	Budget cuts make ex-Air Force One , aka SAM 26000 , off limits Expert : It may be "  the most important historical airplane in the world " SAM 26000 served as a stage for several major historic events It carried JFK 's casket , hosted LBJ 's swearing in , and ferried Nixon to China
If the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 caused a rift in China-Malaysia relations , the two countries appear to have put it behind them . Recent comments by officials in both Kuala Lumpur and Beijing have emphasized the active cooperation between the two countries , while also downplaying accusations lodged by Chinese families against the Malaysian government . According to Hong Kong 's South China Morning Post , China 's Ambassador to Malaysia sought to distance these "  radical views " from his country 's official position . They "  do not represent the views of Chinese people and the Chinese government , " he was quoted as saying . Some of the Chinese relatives of passengers aboard the missing Boeing 777 have been openly critical of the investigation . They went so far as to release a statement calling the Malaysian government and its military the "  real murderers " of their loved ones . In a press conference Saturday , Acting Malaysian Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein made it clear China will be an accredited member of the investigation team . A few days earlier , he spoke about Malaysia 's duty to keep its Asian neighbor informed about all progress . James Chin , professor of political science at Monash University in Melbourne , Australia , said the rift always appeared larger in the media than at an official level . "  I think among the diplomats they do understand this is just a small thing within the larger context of Malaysia-China relations and this will not alter relationships in the long term . " Trade partners At stake between the two countries is a thriving economic relationship . According to Malaysia 's Ministry of International Trade , China was Malaysia 's largest trading partner for the fifth consecutive year in 2013 . Trade between the two countries that year grew by 12.5 % to US $ 63.4 billion . Tourism numbers were equally positive , with 1.79 million people visiting from China last year -- an increase of 14.9 % from the previous year . Ramon Navaratnam , former Secretary General of the Malaysian Ministry of Transport , said he did not expect trade between the two countries to deteriorate , despite the initial protests by some of the Chinese families of missing passengers on MH370 in Beijing . "  I do n't see it happening as the Chinese authorities , especially their envoy  Huang Huikang  to Malaysia , has given very measured statements and not blamed Malaysia for MH370 , " said Navaratnam , who is currently the chairman of the Center for Public Policy Studies at the Asian Strategy and Leadership Institute . Navaratnam , who has authored several books on economics in Malaysia , said the business environment would not change unless the governments decided otherwise . Lee Hwok Aun , an economics lecturer at the University of Malaya , agreed bilateral trade is not expected to fall off as Malaysia 's primary exports to China consist of electrical components and raw materials such as crude rubber and palm oil -- critical to China 's own economy . "  Tourism may suffer some minor setbacks initially but exports wo n't change much as China needs raw materials , " said Lee . "  It 's much harder to organize a boycott of component imports and China too wants a steady supply chain . "	Chinese officials have been careful not to blame Malaysia for the fate of MH370 This is contrast to many of the Chinese relatives of passengers Trade between China and Malaysia grew to more than US$ 63.4 billion last year
CNN  -- An Alitalia aircraft was forced to make an emergency landing at Rome 's Fiumicino airport on Sunday night after landing gear failed to function , Italy 's state-run ANSA news agency reported . The pilots made several attempts to land the aircraft , an Airbus A320 , which was flying to the Italian capital from Madrid . A foam path was used to assist with the landing . The plane did not skid off the runway and none of the 151 passengers on board were injured . A picture taken by Instagram user Andrea Ugolini showed the aircraft tilted to one side while passengers were evacuated using the emergency exit above the wing . ANSA said that passengers clapped and congratulated the pilot , who had more than 15,000 hours of flying experience and had previously worked in the military . Two investigators have been sent to the scene to determine the cause of the equipment failure . Journalists Sophie Brown and Katie Hunt in Hong Kong contributed reporting	Alitalia aircraft makes emergency landing after equipment failure None of the 151 passengers on board were injured Plane was flying to Rome from Madrid Pilots made several attempts to land the aircraft
Lonely Planet  -- Small is beautiful . If you 're skeptical , lo and behold Kaua'i , the diminutive doyenne among the major Hawaiian Islands . Here , no town surpasses 10,000 people . By law no building is taller than a coconut tree . The spotlight shines not on the manmade , but on nature 's great outdoors . Be it emerald valleys overlooking the North Shore or turquoise waters lapping 50 miles of ivory sand along the South Shore , Kauaʻi 's epic landscape pops with a Technicolor punch that 's all natural . The following  in no particular order  are 10 of our top recommendations for an unforgettable Kauaʻi experience . Lonely Planet : Hawaii for beach haters 1 . Best beach Consistently named as one of Hawaii 's best beaches , Hanalei Bay comprises four beaches and each one has its charms to satisfy everyone . A serene slice of paradise with modern conveniences , Hanalei Beach Park Pavilion is likely to hit most of what 's on that beach day checklist . Walk or run the two-mile stretch of sugary sand , pack a picnic lunch or adopt a laissez-faire ` tude and practice the art of doing nothing . The ` pavilion ' acts as a home base for the day if some in your group ca n't resist wandering off for a fruit-stand smoothie at Hanalei Taro & Juice Company or a stand-up paddle surfing lesson . 2 . Best botanical wonder It 's clear why Kaua'i is nicknamed the ` Garden Isle . ' Who could possibly imagine so many incarnations of green ? In Po'ipu , Allerton Garden is the nature-made equivalent of a man-made palace , featuring living ` rooms ' with foliage borders accented with waterfalls , pools , fountains and statues . The adjacent McBryde Garden is vast and less manicured , holding the largest collection of native Hawaiian flora in existence . In Ha'ena , do n't miss the most-Hawaiian garden of the three , Limahuli Garden , the only non-irrigated location  no need , as the North Shore has rain to spare !  . 3 . Best coastal hike Ancient lithified sand dunes . If that sounds too academic , wait till you see them up close . Maha'ulepu is Kaua'i 's last accessible undeveloped coastline , where the effects of 5 million years are obvious . From your perch on the cliffs , peer down at the pounding surf and rock-strewn inlets , where monk seals occasionally haul themselves out to rest . Soon you 'll reach Maha'ulepu Beach , where a pristine swath of velvety sand meets scattered rocks and relentless waves . Raw , rugged and remote , Maha'ulepu is utterly memorable . It 's a wonderful place to escape the resort beaches and public parks , but tread lightly on this sacred sanctuary . 4 . Best native forest Soggy , muddy and misty , the Alaka'i Swamp might not sound appealing , but this otherworldly rainforest is an unforgettable haven for native plants and rare birds . At 4000 to 4500 ft in elevation , Alaka'i is not actually a swamp but rather a rainforest bog , filled with ferns , moss-covered tree trunks and vividly blooming ` ohia lehua . Before the early 1990s , only scientists , intrepid hikers and pig hunters braved the thicket of brush and deep murk . Since then , a wooden boardwalk has made Alaka'i more accessible while it also protects the fragile terrain . Be prepared for sun , rain , hundreds of steps and , if the clouds refrain themselves , an awesome view . 5 . Best kid pleaser One kid wants to snorkel , another lives to rollerblade , and the third wants simply to build sand castles all afternoon . Sounds daunting . But at Lydgate Beach Park in Wailua , it 's a cinch to satisfy 'em all . The lifeguard-staffed beach is protected within a stone breakwater that forms two calm , shallow lagoons , ideal for munchkin snorkelers or learn-to-swimmers . Near the water , two giant playgrounds capture the imagination , with unique wooden mazes and bridges , kid-made ceramic mosaics , and classic swings and slides . Along the sand , there 's a paved path , safe for pedestrians , cyclists , rollerbladers and dogs on leashes . Bring fixings for grilling , kick back and marvel that this wonderful place wo n't cost you a cent . Lonely Planet : Maui for foodies 6 . Best fitness challenge A siren song of sorts , the Na Pali Coast is inaccessible to vehicles and can be seen only by boat , helicopter or hike . That 's why it draws some of the fittest and strongest from around the world , who 've been lured by the notoriety of mastering this challenging stretch at ocean level . If you 're fit enough to be mistaken for a superhero , a kayak tour around the Na Pali Coast could be your cup of tea  or energy drink  . The tour is offered only from May to September , so if you 're here during that time frame -- and if triathlons , marathons and the like are part of your more-than-once-a-year routine -- then this might be for you . Added bonus ? The two-hour beach lunch break . 7 . Best nightlife Local artists on-island joined up to dominate the main street real estate when the mom-and-pop businesses of the historic West Side town of Hanapepe were dropping like flies . Now every Friday is the Hanapepe Art Walk as galleries are open late and the strip is awash in looky-loos with a hankering for art . Once dubbed the ` Biggest Little Town on Kauaʻi , ' Hanapepe 's rep has evolved in recent years and it 's now better known as an ` art central ' of sorts . Peruse the galleries housing everything from kitsch Hawaiiana to Japanese-inspired watercolors , or locally-inspired interpretations of cubist , impressionist and expressionistic movements . 8 . Best scenic drive Driving northwards from Kalihiwai , you 'll emerge from a canopy of trees that rise from an undulating landscape , through a wild stretch slicing past a jungle-like mass over the river , beside the ocean . After the vine-laden Kalihiwai Bridge , you 'll see patches of verdant fields where horses graze under tropical fruit-bearing trees , and teasing views here and there that let you just snatch glimpses of the Pacific . Continue onward to Hanalei , passing first its famous historic bridge , then the six one-way bridges beyond  follow local courtesy and allow eight cars to pass first  . Explore for a bit at the wet caves or the inspired Limahuli Garden , winding up your afternoon at far-flung Keʻe Beach -- the ultimate sunset perch . 9 . Best bargain meal Big-name chefs often serve up tuna tartare . But locals consider such fancy foods as overpriced renditions of Hawaiian-style ʻahi poke , chunks of succulent raw tuna , seasoned typically with soy sauce , sesame oil , green onion , sea salt , ogo  seaweed  and inamona  ground-roasted kukui  . Traditionally , Hawaiians used only the latter three ingredients , but as different immigrants arrived with their own staple seasonings , recipes evolved into today 's tastebud-tangling varieties . Poke is an everyday dish , purchased at deli counters and places like the South Shore 's Koloa Fish Market . Typically under US$ 12 per pound , take-out poke makes a first-rate meal on the run . 10 . Best hike to remember A vertiginous tease , the hike from Keʻe Beach to Hanakapiʻai Falls can elicit awe , anticipation and impatience . But after you 've climbed energetically around each rising , undulating curve , it delivers . You arrive at one of the most captivating sights the North Shore has to offer . At 2 miles in , Hanakapiʻai Beach is the first stop on the 11-mile Kalalau Trail . You 'll have to hike through a seemingly overgrown forest dense with everything from bamboo to wild orchids to reach the 100ft Hanakapiʻia Falls , so try to follow the stream and listen for the sound of rushing water . Those with hiking boots , agile feet and avid quadriceps will probably hike this roundtrip in four hours . Word to the wise : be generous with mosquito repellent , sunblock and wear a swimsuit underneath . Pack a light snack , camera and water bottle . Lonely Planet : Top 20 Hawaiian vistas © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Kaua'i may be small amongst the major Hawaiian islands , but it is filled with beauty Epic landscapes are dominated by emerald valleys and miles of ivory sand Kaua'i is filled with botanical wonders and lush , scenic gardens
CNN  -- Reality TV star Snooki must prove in court next month that she was not annoying to people when she was on a beach in Seaside Heights , New Jersey , last month . Police charged the 22-year-old star of MTV 's "  Jersey Shore " with disorderly conduct and creating a public nuisance when they arrested her on July 30 . But a prosecutor added a municipal ordinance violation of annoying people on the beach during a court hearing Wednesday . Snooki , whose real name is Nicole Polizzi , did not attend Wednesday 's hearing . Her lawyer , Raymond Raya , appeared on her behalf to enter a "  not guilty " plea on all charges , according to a Seaside Heights Municipal Court spokesman . Polizzi faces up to $ 3,200 in fines if found guilty of all charges . The disorderly conduct charge could also carry a 30-day jail sentence . A trial date was set for September 8 . In Session correspondent Jean Casarez contributed to this report	A charge of annoying beach-goers was added Wednesday Snooki also faces disorderly conduct and public nuisance charges Her lawyer entered "  not guilty " pleas on all counts
CNN  -- Musician Ike Turner died of a cocaine overdose , the San Diego County Medical Examiner 's Office said Wednesday . Ike Turner , seen at last year 's Grammys , died accidentally , the San Diego County medical examiner says . "  The cause of death for Ike Turner is cocaine toxicity with other significant conditions , " Supervising Medical Examiner Investigator Paul Parker told CNN . Contributing conditions included high blood pressure and emphysema , he said . "  The manner of death is an accident , " he added . Turner , who died December 12 at age 76 , was perhaps best known for the blues , soul and funk music he and his then-wife Tina performed with the Ikettes during the 1960s and 1970s . Their hits included "  Proud Mary " and "  I Want to Take You Higher . " E-mail to a friend	Ike Turner died December 12 at age 76 Musician , wife Tina known for blues , soul , funk music He and Tina performed with Ikettes in 1960s , 1970s Their hits included "  Proud Mary " and "  I Want to Take You Higher "
