La Paz , Bolivia  CNN  -- A 6.2-magnitude earthquake struck Bolivia Tuesday afternoon , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The quake 's epicenter was about 185 kilometers  115 miles  south-southeast of Santa Ana , Bolivia , the agency said . It struck at a depth of about 530 kilometers  330 miles  . The shaking was felt in the country 's capital , La Paz , about 350 kilometers  215 miles  away . There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage . The state-run Bolivian Information Agency said residents of various La Paz neighborhoods , particularly in the city 's center , reported feeling the quake around 3 p.m. . Some evacuated their homes , particularly those who live in taller buildings , the agency reported . Preliminary estimates put the magnitude at 6.7 , but authorities later revised the number . Journalist Gloria Carrasco contributed to this report .	NEW : Report : Some residents of La Paz evacuate their homes The quake 's center is about 185 kilometers from Santa Ana , Bolivia The earthquake was felt in the country 's capital There are no immediate reports of injuries or damage
CNN  -- Two crew members were taken to a hospital after a FedEx cargo plane crashed on landing Tuesday morning at the Lubbock , Texas , airport , officials said . A damaged FedEx ATR-42 lies beside a runway early Tuesday at the Lubbock , Texas , airport . The injuries appeared to be minor , said James Loomis , director of Lubbock Preston Smith International Airport . There was a small fire on the plane , the Federal Aviation Administration and FedEx spokeswoman Sandra Munoz said . Munoz said she was not sure about the extent of the damage . The plane is an ATR-42 twin-turboprop aircraft and landed short of the touchdown zone at 4:37 a.m. CT  5:47 ET  , Loomis said . Munoz said the plane had been traveling from Fort Worth Alliance Airport and skidded off the runway amid light freezing rain . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send photos , video Neither official could immediately say what caused the accident , and Munoz did n't know why parts of the plane caught fire . The plane was operated by Empire Airways , which is under contract with FedEx Corp. , based in Memphis , Tennessee .	Fire reported as plane goes off runway in freezing rain at Lubbock , Texas , airport Two crew members hospitalized with apparently minor injuries , official says ATR-42 twin-turboprop operated by Empire Airways under lease to FedEx
A Pennsylvania doctor is accused of running a "  house of horrors " in which he performed abortions past the 24-week limit allowed by law -- even allegedly as late as eight months into pregnancy . He used scissors , authorities say , to sever the spinal cords of newborns who emerged from their mothers still alive . Now Dr. Kermit Gosnell , 72 , is about to stand trial . He has pleaded not guilty . If he 's convicted , prosecutors want him put to death . "  A doctor who cuts into the necks severing the spinal cords of living , breathing babies , who would survive with proper medical attention , is committing murder under the law , " Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said . A grand jury investigation determined that health and licensing officials had received repeated reports about Gosnell 's practices for two decades , but had taken no action , Williams said . Gosnell 's attorney has cautioned against a "  rush to judgment . " "  Dr. Gosnell should enjoy the same presumption of innocence anyone in this country , you or me , should get if we were charged with a crime , " William J. Brennan said in 2011 . Jury selection was set to begin Monday . The charges Gosnell faces eight counts of murder : for the deaths of seven babies , and in the case of a 41-year-old woman who died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion . The babies were born alive in the sixth , seventh and eighth months of pregnancy , but their spinal cords were severed with scissors , Williams said . 2011 : Philadelphia doctor accused of murdering patient , newborns "  It was a house of horrors beyond any type of definition or explanation I can humbly try to give , " Williams told CNN in January 2011 , shortly after Gosnell was charged . "  And it 's very sad for the women that were there , that were subjected to such horrific and barbaric -- I would say medical treatment , but it was n't medical treatment . " Several other people who worked in the west Philadelphia medical office have already pleaded guilty to related charges . A judge involved in the case said in 2011 that one of those employees was expected to testify against Gosnell . The practice The practice , called the Women 's Medical Society , served mostly low-income minority women for years . Gosnell is not a board-certified obstetrician or gynecologist , Williams said . Originally , he said , the clinic used another doctor as a consultant so it could receive a license to perform abortions in 1979 . "  The doctor gained a reputation . People far and wide knew that he performed abortions at any time , " Williams said . 2011 : Philadelphia abortion clinic worker pleads guilty In a 2010 interview with the Philadelphia Daily News , Gosnell said he was "  a positive force in the community . " The reporter who interviewed him , David Gambacorta , told CNN that Gosnell believed he was helping an under-served population in his West Philadelphia neighborhood . The scene When authorities searched Gosnell 's office , they found bags and bottles holding aborted fetuses scattered throughout the building . Jars containing the severed feet of babies lined a shelf . Furniture and equipment was blood-stained , dusty and broken . "  My grasp of the English language does n't really allow me to fully describe how horrific this clinic was -- rotting bodies , fetal remains , the smell of urine throughout , blood-stained , " Williams said . Williams described one of the alleged infant deaths . "  The baby had been born and was on a cold steel table and murdered by using -- there 's no medical basis for snipping or taking scissors and putting them into the neck and cutting , severing the spinal cord . It 's just homicide . It 's just murder , " Williams told CNN . According to Philly.Com , a joint website of the Philadelphia Daily News and the Philadelphia Inquirer , Gosnell was back in court last Thursday , to mull a possible plea bargain . It 's unclear what the outcome of the meeting was , because of a gag order imposed on attorneys and other people involved in the case . 2011 : Survivor of accused abortionist Kermit Gosnell tells her story	Dr. Kermit Gosnell is charged with murdering seven babies and a pregnant woman He 's accused of killing infants who came out of the womb alive Gosnell has pleaded not guilty Jury selection begins Monday in his trial
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- Nearly 3 million gallons of sewage spilled into San Francisco Bay when a pump failed at a waste treatment facility , the Marin County Sheriff 's Department told CNN on Friday . Attempts are being made to contain Thursday night 's 2.7 million-gallon sewage spill . The 2.7 million-gallon spill occurred Thursday night . A pump failed at the South Marin Sanitation District 's waste treatment facility in the town of Mill Valley , said Lt. Doug Pittman . The waste was released into Richardson Bay , an inlet of the large bay on the east shore of Marin County , he said . See the spill from the air " The sewage and storm water was partially treated , according to Greg Renick of the California Office of Emergency Services . In addition to the pump failure , he said , an alarm that would have alerted workers at the facility to the spill also failed . The accidental release occurred between 5:30 and 8:30 p.m. Thursday , according to a statement from Marin County 's emergency operations center . But the Sewerage Agency of Southern Marin did n't report it to the state until 11:16 p.m. , Renick said . The state Office of Emergency Services notified local offices in the bay area within an hour of receiving the report , he said . The Marin County Department of Environmental Health was conducting tests Friday to determine how far the contamination had spread , Pittman said . Boaters were being warned to avoid the Richardson Bay area , and residents were told to avoid contact with the water . The California Department of Fish and Game has had a boat and personnel on the water since early Friday , and has found no sign of sick or distressed wildlife resulting from the spill , agency spokesman Steve Martarano said . Marin County is just across the Golden Gate Bridge from San Francisco . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Chuck Afflerbach contributed to this report	NEW : Sewage was partially treated , Office of Emergency Services says The 2.7 million-gallon spill occurred Thursday night , Sheriff 's Department says Pump and alarm failed at Marin County waste treatment facility Area being tested ; boaters advised to avoid Richardson Bay area
CNN  Among the major artists playing at this year 's New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival are the Who , Elton John , Keith Urban , John Legend and Wilco . Wait . Is n't this supposed to be a jazz festival ? It is -- and it is n't . There are 12 stages going , and you can still hear plenty of jazz , blues and local performers , including the Meters , the Radiators , Dr. John , the Rebirth Jazz Band and Rockin ' Dopsie Jr. & the Zydeco Twisters . Sure , it 's not the festival rooted in Pete Fountain and the Neville Brothers it once was , but David Freedman does n't have a problem with it . "  It 's really that not much of a tragedy , " said Freedman , the general manager of New Orleans ' local music-oriented station , WWOZ . "  I know some people see it that way , but the fact of the matter is , you can still hear all the great acts . If you want to have a good time going to the ` old jazz fest , ' it 's still there . "  It should be noted that WWOZ broadcasts more than 30 hours from the site . AEG , the giant entertainment company , is now the driving force behind Jazz Fest , leading to the influx of big names . Previous years have featured Bruce Springsteen and Fleetwood Mac as headliners . The change in focus started happening after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , Freedman says . The festival also brings in a great deal of money for local organizations and musicians , many of whom get far more exposure playing in front of crowds of thousands -- or tens of thousands -- than they would at small clubs . "  A lot of the local acts get in front of the Elton John fans , " Freedman said . "  If , in fact , it turned into a pop fest , I would n't even bother with it , " he added and chuckled . "  And ` OZ is n't interested in Elton John no matter how big he is . " The 2015 New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival will be held at the city 's Fair Grounds from April 24 to May 3 . The complete list of performers can be found here .	This year 's New Orleans Jazz Fest includes Elton John and the Who Jazz Fest 's evolution has created more opportunities
Qatar has lifted a travel ban against a U.S. couple who were cleared in that Mideast nation in the death of their adopted daughter , meaning they are free to return home , the U.S. ambassador to Qatar said Tuesday . An appeals judge in Qatar on Sunday cleared Matthew and Grace Huang of starving their adopted daughter to death in 2013 in a case that drew global attention to that country 's justice system . The Huangs were blocked from leaving Qatar on Sunday at Hamad International Airport by immigration officials who confiscated their passports , according to the Doha News agency , citing family spokesman Eric Volz . Diplomatic sources said Monday the departure was delayed due only to legal procedures that take place once people have been cleared of a crime . On Tuesday , U.S. Ambassador to Qatar Dana Smith said a travel ban against the couple was lifted following a motion that was filed Monday , and after talks between Smith and top Qatari officials . The Huangs , who were living in Qatar while Matthew Huang worked for an international company that was constructing sites for the 2022 World Cup , were arrested in January 2013 when their 8-year-old daughter Gloria died . They were charged with starving her to death , convicted in March and sentenced to three years in prison . The Qatari prosecutor sought to paint Grace and Matthew Huang as inhumane -- alleging they bought their adopted daughter cheaply from her poverty-stricken parents in Africa -- and had threatened to seek human trafficking charges . The couple spent nearly a year in prison before being freed in November 2013 to await proceedings surrounding an appeal that they filed . Appellate Judge Abdulrahman al-Sharafi overturned the conviction on Sunday , citing weaknesses in forensic reports and saying the trial judge failed to properly consider testimony from witnesses who said Gloria was n't deprived . A report by pathologists hired by the defense , obtained by CNN , stated they found no evidence that tissue samples were taken from Gloria 's body after her death , despite the fact Qatari investigators submitted an autopsy report . Advocates for the Huangs suggested the lab report was fabricated and said their request with the Qatari judiciary for a formal investigation went unanswered . After the couple 's arrest , their two sons , also adopted from Africa , were temporarily placed in a Qatari orphanage . They have since been sent back to the United States to live with Grace Huang 's mother .	A U.S. couple was cleared of the death of their adopted child Prosecutors in Qatar had accused them of starving the girl to death Appellate judge says trial judge failed to properly consider certain testimony
CNN  -- A Duluth , Minnesota , police officer will face criminal charges for , as a video shows , beating up a man in a detox facility last month , the city 's police department said Thursday . Shawn Reed , the independent counsel looking into the case , decided Thursday to press charges against Officer Richard Jouppi , according to a news release from Duluth police . Jouppi will face counts of fifth-degree assault and disorderly conduct , both misdemeanors . The officer 's attorney , Frederic Bruno , defended his clients ' actions as "  100 % " justified . According to a police report written by Jouppi , officers responded on September 21 to transport a man -- later identified as Anthony Jackson -- who witnesses described as being "  extremely intoxicated  and  in two fights tonight . " Duluth police spokesman Jim Hansen said last Friday that officers had gone to a halfway house because Jackson had violated its no-drinking policy . Jackson was brought to the Duluth Detoxification Center "  without incident , " though once there the police report indicates he exchanged "  unpleasant remarks " with a female staff member . Security camera footage , later released to media , shows Jackson in a room sitting in a wheelchair trying to take off his coat . He stands up , trying to remove his jacket , when the police officer -- Jouppi , who had been standing by the door -- arrives and pins Jackson 's arm behind his head , pushing him back . The video shows Jackson pawing once at the police officer 's face , as his other arm is pinned back . Jouppi responds with five punches to Jackson 's head , then grabs him by the neck and pulls him off his wheelchair and onto the floor . "  I controlled his right arm at the elbow in order to prevent Jackson from falling through with his threat to strike  a  staff member , " Jouppi wrote in the police report . "  I sought to take Jackson into custody and delivered two strikes to Jackson 's face , as it was the only target presented to me at the time and in order to keep him from delivering more strikes I flipped the wheelchair ... which brought Jackson 's back down to the ground . " Jackson was booked on charged of felony assault and later released , Hansen said . But those charges have since been dropped , according to Ernie Swartout , records manager for the Duluth police department -- a move that Jouppi 's lawyer said was "  expected " and "  is pandering to the public . " Division Deputy Chief Mike Tusken told reporters last Friday that police had since visited Jackson "  to reassure  him  that we are taking this seriously and just give him an update that we 're doing an investigation on the matter . " The police official also confirmed that Jouppi has been accused in other incidents . "  It is not the first time there have been complaints on the officer , " Tusken said . Jouppi 's attorney described the charges facing his client , even though misdemeanors , as "  disturbing " and unwarranted . "  It is a black-and-white case , " Bruno said , adding there is no chance his client will settle . The attorney asserts that Jackson "  clearly stands up in the video and strikes the police officer . " "  You strike a cop , and you are in no man 's land , " Bruno said . Texas : Police kill amputee in wheelchair at home for the mentally ill Philadelphia top cop says he plans to fire officer who struck parade-goer Judge in video beating seeks reinstatement CNN 's Elwyn Lopez , John Fricke and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : The accused officer 's lawyer says his clients ' actions were 100 % justified An independent counsel decides to press charges against a Duluth police officer Video shows him beating up a man in a detox facility , after the man pawed at him Earlier , the officer 's lawyer called the accusation against his client "  a little extreme "
SRINAGAR , Indian-administered Kashmir  CNN  -- The state 's governor gave his support to the embattled chief minister , who had tendered his resignation after an allegation that he was involved in a sex scam dating back to 2006 . Omar Abdullah denies any link to a prostitution ring , saying he has stepped down to clear his name . The allegation was leveled Tuesday against Omar Abdullah , 38 , by a senior leader of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party , Muzaffar Hussain Beigh , on the floor of the state assembly . Omar 's swift resignation plunged the state into a constitutional crisis that appeared to end Thursday when the New Delhi-appointed governor , N. N. Vohra , issued a communique asking Omar to "  continue in office as  Vohra  had got the allegation investigated through the Indian home ministry . " The governor said that , "  based on the information supplied to him by the union home ministry , there is no basis for Omar Abdullah seeking to resign . " Vohra urged the chief minister to "  most vigorously devote himself to discharging responsibilities of chief minister of Jammu and Kashmir . " The opposition party dismissed the governor 's communique , saying , "  It has the potential of bringing the highest constitutional authority of the state also into controversy as the communique does n't make mention about the chief minister 's resignation . " A relaxed Omar told journalists Thursday evening that he had "  full confidence " in his innocence . Omar had delivered his resignation to the state governor after opposition member Muzaffar Hussain Beigh accused him , during a session of the state legislative assembly , of being connected to a prostitution scandal . Muzaffar served as deputy chief minister in the previous government , when several top pro-India officials were arrested on charges that they had misused their authority to force girls and women into a prostitution ring in Kashmir . Omar denied involvement but said he could not "  continue in the office following the allegation " and would not serve again until he was cleared of the charges . Omar entered office in January after elections in late 2008 that saw the highest voter turnout in the region in nearly 20 years , since the eruption of a secessionist insurgency . Voters went to the polls in large numbers , despite a separatist call for a boycott of the voting . Most recently , the chief minister has been working to defuse tensions that are still running high after the arrest of four police officers in the probe of the alleged rape and murder of two young Muslim women in May . Two people have died and many have been wounded in clashes between Muslim protesters and Indian security forces stemming from the case . The arrests included the former police chief of south Kashmir 's Shopian district and three of his subordinates , who are accused of "  destruction of evidence " and "  dereliction of duty " in connection with the deaths , which occurred in the town of Shopian . Kashmir has been in the throes of a bloody secessionist campaign for nearly two decades during which , 43,000 people have been killed , according to official figures . Various rights groups and non-governmental organizations in Kashmir , however , contend that the number killed during the last two decades is twice the official figure .	New Delhi-appointed governor Vohra asks Omar to "  continue in office " Omar says he had "  full confidence " in his innocence Kashmir has seen two decades of violence in which 43,000 people have been killed
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Hydrogen and electric vehicles might be leading the charge , so to speak , towards cleaner transport , but will cars powered by air and the sun ever surpass the sales figures of gasoline cars ? MDI boss Guy Negre with his AirPods which start a six-month trial at two European airports in 2009 . Click here to read about the latest hydrogen and electric cars A BREATH OF FRESH AIR It might seem ridiculous , but air -- yes , air -- can power a car . Compressed air , stored in a carbon-fiber tank and then released , expands to drive the engine 's pistons in the same way that petrol gases do . A Luxembourg-based company , Motor Development International  MDI  is at the forefront of the air car 's push to market . Former Formula 1 engineer and MDI founder Guy Negre has been working on the technology for almost two decades and is producing a fleet of different models including the OneCAT , the CityCAT and the AirPod . India 's biggest car maker , Tata Motors , and a U.S. startup , Zero Pollution Motors , have both signed deals with MDI and hope to have air cars on the road by 2010 . In the U.S. the starting price will be nearly $ 18,000 . In October 2008 , Air France and the Dutch airline KLM announced that they will be testing out MDI 's "  AirPods " for six months starting in spring 2009 . The four seaters will ferry passengers around Charles De Gaulle Airport in Paris and Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam . MDI says one tank of compressed air will take you about 60 miles in the OneCAT , which has a top speed of 35 miles per hour . As you 'd expect from a car that runs on air , there is zero pollution . VERDICT Compressed-air engines are not new technology -- the French were powering trams with compressed air back in the 19th century . But the air car is highly unlikely to surpass the gasoline car and does n't have enough oomph to seriously challenge new electric and fuel-cell vehicles . Malcolm McCulloch , an electrical engineer from the UK 's Oxford University , says : "  They are interesting , but the problem is that the specific energy -- energy per unit mass -- is very high in air cars . " Professor Paul Shayler from the School of Mechanical , Materials and Manufacturing Engineering at the UK 's University of Nottingham says : "  It 's an idea that 's worth pursuing , but compressing air is both a strength and a weakness . The big advantage of conventional engines is that you can put fuel with a high energy content in a tank and get good range . With a compressed air engine the range is not spectacular . " SOLAR SYSTEMS Solar cars harvest sunlight to drive an on-board electric motor . You 're probably familiar with the solar cars that look a bit like a stingray on wheels , but those are n't commercially viable and are mostly entered into endurance races like the annual World Solar Challenge in Australia . A French motor company , Venturi , has produced an electro-solar hybrid . The Eclectic Concept -- a car with roof-mounted solar panels which power an electric motor -- was so popular , Venturi says , that they have adapted it into a commercial model . The Eclectic is yours to own for $ 30,000 and uses solar panels to collect energy to power an electric engine . It has a range of about 30 miles and has a top speed of 30 mph . The car is featured in the 2008 movie , "  Babylon A.D. , " starring Vin Diesel . It is rumored that the Toyota Prius -- which passed the one million worldwide sales mark in 2008 -- has a new model due out next year that will be fitted with solar panels on its roof to power the car 's air conditioning . VERDICT Venturi has demonstrated that it is perfectly possible to produce solar powered vehicles . But they are expensive when you consider the level of performance they can deliver . Professor Shayler says : "  Solar power has a long way to go . At the moment you simply do n't have the energy density to do anything special . " But McCulloch thinks that solar could assist the growth of electric cars . "  Your garage could have solar panels on its roof , store up energy during the day and charge your vehicle at night , " he said . "  And parking lots and the like could be fitted with solar panels . So there are ways that those two can play together . " THE FUTURE John Turner , Research Fellow at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Colorado , says : "  We are talking about a new paradigm here because we know the old paradigm is going to go away . "  For hydrogen , or any new fuel for that matter , to succeed there has to be a policy decision . At the moment it 's not cost effective and it 's not going to be cost effective until we get into the tens of millions of units per year . There is no way of getting around this . Politicians have to decide when they want to put a policy in place . It 's not an economic decision , it 's a policy decision . " But any major changes are going to take a long time , he says . "  The issue is manufacturing . Last year we made 60 million cars worldwide . That 's two cars a second . That 's the current level of production . It has taken many years to get up to that rate , " Turner said . Click here to read about hydrogen and electric vehicles	Is the gas engine about to be overtaken by a host of cleaner , leaner rivals ? Cars running on air are expected to be on sale in the U.S. and India by 2010 French motor company has developed a solar car roof that powers an electric motor
CNN  A Spanish dolphin trainer who was accused on social media of abusing the animals has been found dead , a source with the Spanish National Police told CNN on Saturday . Jose Luis Barbero was expected to become vice president of the Georgia Aquarium in Atlanta , CNN affiliate WSB reported . He was found dead inside his vehicle in the public parking lot of the Palma de Mallorca airport on the island of Mallorca , the source said . The source said the case is being treated as a suicide . Georgia Aquarium Chairman and CEO Mike Leven issued a strongly worded statement that said : "  Georgia Aquarium began a search for truth in hopes of disproving these unsubstantiated claims . Sadly ,  Barbero  and his family received death threats , and groups and individuals rushed to judge him . He was not given the right or the privilege to be considered innocent until proven guilty ... His death is untimely , unnecessary and unjust . " Barbero , 59 , went missing recently and authorities had started searching for him . In February , videos circulated of animal trainers in Spain allegedly hitting and kicking dolphins . Posters on social media claimed Barbero was one of them . The Georgia Aquarium questioned the authenticity of the videos but put his employment on hold . The video footage is grainy and dark , and faces are difficult to make out . Trainers are making fast foot and hand motions in the dolphins ' direction , but it is unclear if these are blows . CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the videos . Barbero 's employer in Spain , Marineland Mallorca , denied the allegations and said it planned to take legal action against Barbero 's accusers , according to the Georgia Aquarium .	Dolphin trainer Jose Luis Barbero was found dead in his vehicle , Spanish police say Grainy viral video triggered abuse allegations as he prepared to work at the Georgia Aquarium
New Orleans  CNN  -- New Orleans police said they arrested a suspect in the Mother 's Day shooting that left 19 people wounded this week . In a post on its Facebook page , the police department identified the man taken into custody as Akein Scott , 19 . It did not provide any more details on the arrest . A SWAT team was used during the arrest Wednesday night in east New Orleans , CNN affiliate WDSU reported . The shooting , during a festive Mother 's Day parade , renewed concerns about crime in the city . It was the third holiday this year when guns have been fired into crowds , New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu said . A January 21 shooting near a Martin Luther King Day parade left five wounded . Four people were hurt in a February Mardi Gras attack , the New Orleans Times-Picayune reported . Police identified the teen as a suspect Monday after footage of the shooting was released . Images of the parade , released by police Monday , show a man standing at the outskirts of a packed parade route . A moment later , he charges toward the crowd . The surveillance camera images show the panicked crowd scrambling for cover . The man runs away , leaving people and bicycles scattered on the ground behind him . A $ 10,000 reward had been offered in the case . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	The shooting occurred on Mother 's Day The teen had been identified as a suspect earlier Nineteen people were wounded
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said South Sudan President Salva Kiir will meet rebel leader Riek Machar next week for talks . Kerry traveled to Juba on Friday to push for face-to-face meetings between the feuding leaders . Thousands of people have died in South Sudan because of drought and political violence . About a week ago , rebels slaughtered at least 400 people in the town of Bentiu . Kerry , speaking at a news briefing in Juba , said he 'd spoken with Kirr , who was willing to go to Ethiopia for the talks . Machar had indicated a willingness to meet through Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn , Kerry said . He said the talks might take place early next week . South Sudan celebrated its independence from Sudan three years ago after an internationally brokered referendum . Last year , Kiir accused Machar , his former vice president , of planning a coup . New violence broke out in the war-torn nation . "  I fear that South Sudan 's leaders are locked in a purely personal power struggle , with little or no regard for the appalling suffering that it inflicts on their people , " said Navi Pillay , the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights .	Thousands have died in South Sudan because of drought and political violence Kerry says feuding leaders might meet next week
The Virginia man who pleaded guilty to shooting a Family Research Council employee last year was sentenced Thursday to 25 years in prison . Floyd Corkins has said he disagreed with the Family Research Council 's stance against gay marriage . The shooting took place at the conservative policy group 's office in Washington . The research council , a Christian group that focuses on family , anti-abortion and religious liberty issues , views homosexuality as harmful . Before sentencing , Corkins expressed remorse to building manager Leo Johnson , who Corkins shot in the arm . "  I realize resorting to violence to achieve political ends is never OK , " Corkins said . Johnson , who struggled with Corkins and disarmed him , also spoke before the sentencing . "  I forgive you but I do not forget , " he said . "  If you believe in God you should pray to him every day because not only did God save my life that day , he saved yours , too . " Johnson said he did n't shoot Corkins after managing to get control of the gun because God spoke to him and told him not to do so . Corkins , 29 , pleaded guilty in February to committing an act of terrorism while armed , assault with intent to kill while armed and interstate transportation of a firearm and ammunition . David Bos , Corkins ' federal public defender , said his client was diagnosed with a mental illness six months before the August 2012 shooting and starting taking prescribed medication . Bos said that did n't excuse the shooting but should be taken into account . The lawyer recommended Corkins receive a sentence of 11 years and three months . Prosecutors argued Corkins should receive 45 years in prison . The government said Corkins did suffer from mental illness but wanted to take medication only so he could think more clearly about his plot . Prosecutors said Corkins was able to carefully plan , rehearse and then conduct his attack . If Johnson had not interceded , they argued , many people at the Family Research Council might have been killed or wounded . "  Earlier this week we were reminded what the consequences can be of one man well-armed , " said prosecutor Patrick Martin . "  Mr. Corkins was no less determined than the Navy Yard gunman . " When Corkins was arrested investigators found 15 Chick-fil-A sandwiches in his backpack . He told the FBI he planned to kill as many people as he could at the research council and then smash the sandwiches in their faces . The head of Chick-fil-A had announced opposition to gay marriage . "  Today 's 25-year prison sentence demonstrates the steep price to be paid for turning to violence to terrorize your political enemies , " said U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen .	The Family Research Council is a Christian group focusing on many social issues The man who took the shooter 's gun said : "  I forgive you but I do not forget " The shooter , Floyd Corkins , disagreed with the council 's stance against gay marriage
CNN  -- Rebel forces defending the Libyan city of Misrata from government troops are making "  meter-by-meter " gains despite heavy shelling and rocket attacks , a Western journalist inside the city said Tuesday . Units that remain loyal to longtime Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi have been firing rockets and artillery shells into residential neighborhoods , leaving a nearby emergency room full of women , children and old men , Marie Colvin , the Middle East correspondent for Britain 's Sunday Times , told CNN . "  The rebels are very much trying at a minimum to push back Gadhafi 's lines so he simply ca n't do that , " Colvin said . Meanwhile , the rebels are asking why NATO forces are n't targeting the pro-Gadhafi gunners . NATO warplanes and missiles have been pounding Gadhafi 's forces since March as Gadhafi 's troops try to quash a nearly 3-month-old revolt against his regime . In Misrata , two months of fighting and the ongoing shelling of the city 's port have prevented most aid ships from docking there , leaving the city "  at the forefront " of U.N. humanitarian concerns , a top U.N. official told the Security Council on Monday . A ship carrying aid from the International Committee of the Red Cross docked in Misrata on Tuesday , but the ongoing fighting has deterred many captains from trying to enter the port , Colvin said . The ICRC said the vessel carried medical supplies , spare parts to repair water and electrical supply systems and 8,000 jars of baby food . Meanwhile , on the front lines of the battle , bullets are whizzing past "  like very angry hornets , " Colvin said . At least 70 rebels have been wounded -- but they have held their line , "  and meter by meter were able to advance , " she said . "  They 're defending their homes . They 're defending their families , and they are not giving up an inch . They are fighting , " Colvin said . The first shipment of nonlethal aid from the United States to the Libyan opposition arrived Tuesday in Benghazi , U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said . It included more than 10,000 MREs -- meals ready to eat -- that are halal , permissible under Islamic law . Other items en route from the U.S. Defense Department include medical supplies , tents , uniforms , boots and personal protective gear . U.S. officials are coordinating with the opposition Transitional National Council "  to determine what additional assistance requirements we might be able to support in the coming weeks , " Toner said . Almost 750,000 people have fled the country amid the fighting , and another 58,000 are displaced within Libya , Valerie Amos , the U.N. undersecretary-general for humanitarian affairs , told the Security Council on Monday . Another 5,000 are stranded at border crossings between Libya , Tunisia and Niger , Amos said . Others have tried to flee by sea , but one such attempt appears to have ended in disaster for hundreds of refugees as their ship capsized off the capital , Tripoli . Somalia 's ambassador to Libya , Abdelghani Mohamed Oweys , said the vessel that overturned Friday was carrying more than 600 asylum seekers from various Arab and African nationalities , including 240 Somalis . The total number of casualties is unknown , but Oweys said at least 54 Somalis were dead or feared dead Tuesday . Laura Boldrini , spokeswoman for the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees in Italy , said 16 bodies had been pulled out of the water from the Tripoli harbor . "  From what refugees are telling us , the Libyan authorities are facilitating the departures of non-Libyan citizens from Libyan coasts , " Boldrini said . "  Refugees are not considered at all as humans . Trips are organized on unlikely vessels , and they leave Libya without considering the weather forecast . " Since the end of March , two vessels departing from Libya have disappeared -- one carrying 320 people and the other 160 , Boldrini said . In addition , "  We know of a shipwreck on April 4 , where 250 people died , " Boldrini said . Fighting between government and rebel troops also raged on in al-Brega , a key oil town in eastern Libya . Three rebels have died in clashes with Gadhafi forces since Monday , according to rebel spokesman Mostafa Bozen and a rebel fighter on the front lines , who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity for safety reasons . Al-Brega is held by pro-Gadhafi forces , and the rebels have made multiple unsuccessful attempts to enter the town , the sources said . CNN 's Nima Elbagir , Jomana Karadsheh , Antonia Mortensen , Sara Sidner and Amir Ahmed and journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	NEW : Gadhafi 's gunners pound Misrata neighborhoods , journalist says NEW : Despite the bombardment , the rebels "  are not giving up an inch " A Red Cross aid ship docks in Misrata , while U.S. aid reaches Benghazi 54 Somalis are dead or feared dead in the latest refugee boat tragedy from Libya
A leading Italian soccer coach has called for stronger action against racism after a top-level match between AC Milan and Roma was suspended Sunday due to abusive chants by supporters . Milan striker Mario Balotelli was targeted by visiting fans throughout the match , and referee Gianluca Rocchi called the game to a halt in the second half to warn the crowd via the public address system . After several minutes ' delay , the match continued and ended in a 0-0 draw . Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri later said the official 's decision was not strong enough . "  In my opinion , there 's only one solution to racism in stadium and that 's suspend the match , " Allegri said on Milan 's website . "  To get rid of this stuff in our stadiums , you have to make big decisions . It could penalize some people but in the long run it would help us to grow as a nation and become more civilized . " He told reporters at the post-match conference : "  There 's no point in interrupting the game . It 's a middle ground decision and it serves no purpose . Either the game should be suspended or you keep playing . "  Mario gave all he had this evening , but he 's 22 years old and always subject to these racist boos and that 's not good . People go to the stadium to watch the two teams but there 's always these uncivilized people . " Roma was fined $ 50,000  $ 65,000  by the Italian league on Monday , its fans having been accused of abusing three Milan players -- though none were named in the Lega Calcio 's notification of the punishment . The club issued a statement saying it "  condemns any form of racial abuse . " "  This type of behavior from any football supporters , including ours , is completely unacceptable , " it said . "  We are committed to facing this issue head-on to rid our sport of this problem and promote respect for all . " The Italian football authorities are battling to eradicate racism at matches , with several clubs having been fined for offenses . New rules have been implemented which allow referees to stop matches if racist abuse continues after an official warning . Milan 's Kevin-Prince Boateng walked off the pitch due to racist abuse during a friendly match against a lower league team in January , being followed by his teammates . He has since joined the anti-racism task force set up by world soccer 's governing body FIFA . FIFA president Sepp Blatter said he was "  appalled " by the abuse at the Milan-Roma game . "  Tackling this issue is complex , but we 're committed to action , not just words , " Blatter said on Twitter . Balotelli , who has Ghanaian immigrant parents , has been targeted by racists since returning to his native Italy from English club Manchester City during the January transfer window . The Italy international striker was also involved in another controversial incident during the Roma match , which ended up with teammate Sulley Muntari being sent off after manhandling the referee . Muntari took offense when Rocchi booked Balotelli in the first half , and was ordered off after trying to prevent the referee from issuing another yellow card when the midfielder protested the decision . The veteran Ghana international clasped the official 's arms and kept them pinned to his side , but was eventually sent from the pitch after Boateng intervened to calm him down . "  Sulley made a mistake but it 's in the past now , " Allegri told reporters . "  He 's mortified and it was a blow playing the game with 10 men , but he should n't be crucified . " The draw mean third-placed Milan ended the weekend two points ahead of Fiorentina in the race to win a place in the qualifying rounds of the European Champions League next season , with one match still to play . Fiorentina stayed in contention by beating Palermo 1-0 with a first-half goal from veteran striker Luca Toni that relegated the visiting team . Balotelli racially abused again in Italy : Why Serie A must act now To miss out on the Champions League , Milan will have to lose next weekend 's final match at relegated Siena , while Fiorentina must beat bottom club Pescara -- or win by more than four goals if the Rossoneri draw . Earlier Sunday , Edinson Cavani took his Serie A-leading goal tally to 28 as second-placed Napoli came from behind to beat Siena 2-1 thanks to Marek Hamsik 's injury-time winner . Hamsik had earlier set up Cavani 's leveling header with 17 minutes to play . Udinese stayed fifth with a 2-1 win over Atalanta as Antonio Di Natale scored both goals to take his total this season to 22 , keeping the striker second behind Cavani .	Milan-Roma match is suspended in second half due to racist abuse by visiting fans Milan 's striker Mario Balotelli was targeted during Sunday 's match at the San Siro Home team 's coach says that matches should be called off in such circumstances Both sides have a player sent off , with Milan 's Sulley Muntari manhandling the referee
CNN  Even by Malaysian standards , this flooding is epic . Neighborhoods turned into islands surrounded by a sea of murky brown water . Streets doubling as rivers . Cars swept away and toppled over . The flooding has forced more than 132,000 people to evacuate , Malaysia 's official Bernama news agency said . Strong currents and interrupted power supply are adding to the chaos , Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak told reporters . "  Clean water supply too can not be delivered , and flood victims at the temporary relief centers had to endure darkness without electric supply , " he said , according to Bernama . The flooding ravaging Malaysia started more than a week ago . While the region is accustomed to monsoons , the "  northeast monsoon " that has gripped Malaysia , Indonesia and southern Thailand is particularly harsh . Here 's how it works , CNN meteorologist Derek Van Dam said Saturday : Strong high pressure develops over Eastern Europe and China and strengthens northeasterly winds from the South China Sea , bringing heavier rainfall over Malaysia , Indonesia and southern Thailand . And it 's going to get worse . Another 100 millimeters  4 inches  of rain could fall over the next two days near the Malaysia-Thailand border , he said . "  That leaves open all kinds of possibilities -- more flooding , and the possibility of landslides and mudslides , " Van Dam said . Across the Bay of Bengal , Sri Lanka has been hit hard , too . Kandy , in the center of the island nation , received more than twice the average monthly rainfall in just the past eight days , Van Dam said . CNN 's Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	More than 132,000 Malaysians have been evacuated Another 100 millimeters  4 inches  of rain could fall on the Malaysian-Thai border The area is at risk for landslides and mudslides
CNN  -- It 'll be a brand-new "  View " in less than two weeks , with three new co-hosts in a new studio and with a new boss behind the scenes . The long-running ABC talk show finalized its cast Wednesday , confirming that actress Rosie Perez and political analyst Nicolle Wallace will join Whoopi Goldberg and Rosie O'Donnell . The four will start working together when new episodes of the show resume on September 15 . Goldberg is the only cast member from last season left standing -- well , mostly sitting -- at "  The View . " Barbara Walters ' retirement from the show in May was the first in a series of changes , both on - and off-camera . In July , Sherri Shepherd and Jenny McCarthy stepped down from their co-host spots . And Walters ' producing partner , Bill Geddie , was replaced by Bill Wolff , most recently an executive producer at MSNBC . In a statement Wednesday night , Wolff described the four hosts as "  powerful and accomplished women from different walks of life who have had amazing personal and professional experiences . " "  Each brings incredible perspective and information to the table . This mix of smart , vibrant and energetic women is unlike anything else on daytime television . " "  The View " faces challenges from a growing number of other daytime panel-style programs , including "  The Talk " on CBS and the forthcoming syndicated show "  The Real . " There had been speculation that ABC might decide to add a man to what has been an all-women show since its inception in 1997 . Ultimately the network went with star power over testosterone . Perez has starred in feature films such as "  Do the Right Thing " and is about to co-star in the Broadway production "  Fish in the Dark . " Wallace has a conservative political background , serving as a director of communications during the George W. Bush administration and a senior adviser to Sen. John McCain 's 2008 campaign for president . She is a regular on MSNBC 's "  Morning Joe . " The casting of Perez and Wallace was first reported by Deadline.com on Wednesday . The website noted that ABC 's "  top-to-bottom makeover " of the talk show also entails a "  new studio , new set  and  new logo . " Rosie O'Donnell returning to ` The View '	"  The View " will have a host of changes when it returns September 15 Among the updates are two new co-hosts Rosie Perez and Nicolle Wallace join Whoopi Goldberg and Rosie O'Donnell
CNN  -- The Korean-American who has been held in North Korea since November entered the country on a valid tourist visa , a senior U.S. official told CNN on Monday . The U.S. State Department on Monday publicly called on the North to release Kenneth Bae on humanitarian grounds . Spokesman Patrick Ventrell told reporters that Swedish diplomats , who represent U.S. interests in North Korea because Washington has no diplomatic relations with the North , were able to visit Bae , a U.S. citizen , on Friday . Some Americans have previously crossed the border without a visa , either knowingly or by mistake , but in this case , the official said , "  This was somebody who was a tour operator who has been there in the past and has a visa to go to the North . " The official , who spoke on background because of the diplomatic sensitivity of the issue , says the State Department does n't know the exact charges against Bae -- whom the North refers to by his Korean name , Pae Jun Ho -- and is trying to clarify the matter through the Swedish Embassy . Media reports have listed the charges as plotting to overthrow the government , which carry penalties including death or life imprisonment . "  In the past there have been many clear instances where American citizens are used as political bargaining chips , and our concern is that this individual not be used in this matter , " the official added . North Korea plans to hold a trial against Bae , state media said Saturday , complicating tense relations between the North and the United States . Bae entered North Korea as a tourist on November 3 , according to the Korean Central News Agency . According to the news agency , Bae confessed to an offense , but the KCNA did not say what it was . "  He will soon be taken to the Supreme Court of the DPRK to face judgment , " the news agency said , using the official name of the country , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . The developments come amid tense relations between North Korea and South Korea and the United States . In recent weeks , the North has intensified threats against its neighbor and the United States . CNN 's Elise Labott and Karen Smith contributed to this report .	Official says a U.S. citizen detained in North Korea had a valid visa The U.S. is working closely with Swedish officials on the case Kenneth Bae entered North Korea in November State media : He committed an unspecified crime against the country
CNN  -- Was Barack Obama really born in America ? A new CNN investigation reveals what most analysts have been saying since the "  birther " controversy erupted during the 2008 presidential campaign : Obama was born in Hawaii on August 4 , 1961 . Period . While the president has made light of the controversy , the question remains political red meat for some of his critics . A recent CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll showed that nearly 75 % of Americans believe Obama was definitely or probably born in the United States . More than four in 10 Republicans , however , believe he probably or definitely was not born in America . Evidence again shows Obama born in Hawaii The U.S. Constitution says only "  natural born " citizens can become president -- a vague clause that some members of the birther movement contend disqualifies Obama because , they insist , he was born outside the United States . Skeptics contend , among other things , that Obama was born in his father 's home country of Kenya . Potential GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump recently seized on the issue , saying he had doubts about Obama 's background . Zakaria : The fantasy of Donald Trump CNN investigators in Honolulu found nothing to reinforce those doubts . Dr. Chiyome Fukino , a former director of the Hawaii Department of Health and a Republican , told CNN in her most extensive comments to date that she has "  no doubt " Obama was born in the state . Obama 's 2008 campaign produced a certification of live birth , a document legally accepted as confirmation of a birth and routinely used for official purposes . Fukino went one step further , taking advantage of a state law that allows certain public officials to examine a person 's actual birth certificate if there is a "  direct and tangible interest . " The president 's certificate , she said , is stored in a vault in the building that houses the Department of Health . Ironically , unlike the certificate of live birth , it is no longer accepted for official usage . Obama 's certificate is "  absolutely authentic , " she said . "  He was absolutely born here in the state of Hawaii . " Arizona governor criticizes birther "  distraction " To see what happens when someone born in Hawaii requests a birth certificate , CNN asked a current resident of the state -- Stig Waidelich -- if he could get a copy of the document . Waidelich was born hours after Obama in August 1961 . Like Obama , Waidelich 's birth was announced at the time in the Honolulu Star-Bulletin newspaper . Waidelich , like Obama in 2008 , was given a certification of live birth in response to his request . Could Obama 's 1961 birth announcement in the Honolulu Star-Bulletin be a fake ? Some conspiracy theorists say yes . Longtime Honolulu newspaper reporter Dan Nakaso says no . "  It 's not possible , " Nakaso said . "  Under the system that existed back then , there was no avenue for people to submit information that way . ... The information came directly from the state Department of Health . " Indeed , as CNN confirmed , all birth announcements at the time came directly from hospital birth records . Trump questions birth certificate Could Obama , a self-proclaimed Christian , be preventing the distribution of copies of the original birth certificate because it identifies him as a Muslim ? Fukino says no . The original certificate includes no mention of the president 's religion . And indeed , other original certificates from that time do n't mention faith . Obama could file a Freedom of Information Act request to view his original birth certificate and make copies . But at this point , the White House maintains , nothing will satisfy the doubters . Rick Smethurst , a 2008 John McCain voter who now lives in Obama 's childhood home in Hawaii , counts himself among the doubters . He said he wants to find someone who saw Obama immediately after the president was born . Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie said he did . Abercrombie , a Democrat , was friendly with Ann Dunham , Obama 's mother , and remembers celebrating the birth . "  Of course , we had no idea at the time that the future president of the United States was that little boy , that little baby , " Abercrombie recalled . But "  we are very , very happy ... that took place . " Professor Alice Dewey of the University of Hawaii was a faculty adviser to Dunham and also knew the future president when he was a child . She called the controversy "  funny . " She said there is "  no way " Obama was n't born in the state . Dewey remembered a conversation in which Dunham compared the birth of Obama with that of his sister , Maya , who was born overseas . "  She said , ` When I had Maya , it was a lot of more difficult because Indonesia does n't believe in painkillers while you 're giving birth . ... Of course , in the United States , giving birth to Barry  Obama 's childhood nickname  was quite different and much more comfortable , ' " Dewey recalled . Waidelich 's mother , Monika , said she believes she saw Obama in Honolulu 's Kapi'olani Medical Center next to her son in 1961 . "  In those days , there were hardly any other black babies , " she said . The hospital would n't show patient records from 1961 , but the state 's African-American population was less than 1 % at the time . Regardless of the evidence , there may be no convincing some of those who question the president 's origins . "  I find it a bit amusing in the sense that  the issue  keeps resurfacing over and over again , " Fukino said . "  It really tells us that the whole conspiracy notion is out there  and  that if there is an issue that needs a following , they will find one . "  No matter what you do or say , it make no difference , " she said . Abercrombie , who tried to put an end to the controversy when he became governor , said he hopes that "  people who have this political orientation toward the president respect us here in Hawaii . " "  Respect his mother and father , " the governor urged . "  Respect the people I loved and the people that I knew , and the little boy who grew up here in paradise and became president . " That , the evidence suggests , may be easier said than done . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Ex-Hawaii health official says she has "  no doubt " President Obama was born in Honolulu Obama in 2008 produced a certification of live birth , a legally accepted document Obama family acquaintances remember the president 's birth in 1961 in Hawaii Some critics of the president continue to express doubts about his country of birth
CNN  -- The book critics have named their best books of 2014 . Now , it 's time to hear from the readers themselves . This year , Goodreads , the website devoted to pairing up eager readers with books they 'll love , asked its users to vote for the books they thought were irresistible in 2014 . The categories range from the typical -- fiction , nonfiction , history -- to the unique , like the category of best debut for a Goodreads author . There are 20 categories in all , and after tallying up more than 3 million votes , the results for the 2014 Goodreads Choice Awards are in . In fiction , the best book for Goodreads users was Rainbow Rowell 's "  Landline . " The novel follows a TV writer in a crumbling marriage who uncovers a way to talk to her husband in the past , giving her the chance to rethink her marriage before the trouble started . Rowell has won the hearts of Goodreads users before -- her young adult novel "  Eleanor & Park " was the 2013 pick for best young adult book -- but that did n't make this year 's win any less sweet . Rowell and other authors shared their excitement over the honor by posting appreciative notes on social media . In the nonfiction category , Marina Keegan 's "  The Opposite of Loneliness " was chosen by Goodreads ' users as the best of the year , an honor that was awarded posthumously . Keegan died in a car accident in 2012 , five days after graduating from Yale with a job at The New Yorker ahead of her . Although Keegan was just 22 at the time of her death , critics have raved about the insight and talent on display in her posthumous essay collection . As for the top young adult book this year , Goodreads users elected E. Lockhart 's "  We Were Liars " as the best read . Like the characters in her suspenseful novel would do , Lockhart wrote out her gratitude on her hands . To see the full list of top books of the year , visit Goodreads.com .	Goodreads users have voted for the best books of the year The top fiction book was Rainbow Rowell 's "  Landline " The top nonfiction book was Marina Keegan 's "  Opposite of Loneliness "
CNN  -- Since news first broke about the shooting at a Connecticut elementary school , people began wondering how something so horrible could happen . Within a few hours , before the magnitude of the tragedy was fully known , reports began to surface that the shooter , Adam Lanza , was autistic or had Asperger 's syndrome in addition to a possible personality or anxiety disorder such as obessive-compulsive disorder . A relative told investigators that Lanza had a form of autism , according to a law enforcement official , who spoke under condition of anonymity due to the sensitive nature of the investigation . CNN has not been able to confirm independently whether Lanza was diagnosed with autism or Asperger 's syndrome , a higher-functioning form of autism . Russ Hanoman , a friend of Lanza 's mother , told CNN that Lanza had Asperger 's syndrome and that he was "  very withdrawn emotionally . " However , national autism organizations cautioned against speculation about a link between violence and autism or Asperger 's . While the motive for this crime is still unknown and may never be fully understood , what is clear , according to experts , is that autism can not be blamed . "  There is absolutely no evidence or any reliable research that suggests a linkage between autism and planned violence , " the Autism Society said in a statement . "  To imply or suggest that some linkage exists is wrong and is harmful to more than 1.5 million law-abiding , nonviolent and wonderful individuals who live with autism each day . " Man with Asperger 's shares thoughts on Sandy Hook shooting Peter Bell of Autism Speaks said , "  Autism did not cause this horror . " Bell , executive vice president for programs and services for the advocacy and research group , is also the father of a son with autism . Bell said it 's not unusual to want to figure out why someone would commit such a heinous crime , but he also cautioned people to do so responsibly . And by definition , he said , people with a diagnosis of autism or Asperger 's are not inclined to commit an act of violence . The likelihood of this happening would be no different than the rest of the population , he added . With autism , no longer invisible One in 88 children in the United States have autism , according to the latest estimates from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Boys with autism outnumber girls 5 to 1 , according to the CDC ; 1 in 54 boys in the United States have autism . Autism spectrum disorders , including Asperger 's syndrome , are a range of developmental disorders of the brain . They can cause significant social impairments , communication problems and restricted , repetitive and stereotyped patterns of behavior . It 's important for the public to know that the gunman 's actions ca n't be linked with autism spectrum disorders , said Dr. Max Wiznitzer , a pediatric neurologist and autism expert at Rainbow Babies and Children 's Hospital in Cleveland . "  Aggression and violence in the ASD population is reactive , not preplanned and deliberate , " he said . For example , sometimes children with autism will get violent because they are sick or frustrated and unable to communicate how they feel . Wiznitzer also said that violence among autism spectrum disorder patients is "  sometimes due to ASD features such as desire for sameness but usually related to a co-existing disorder such as anxiety or ADHD  attention-deficit hyperactive disorder  . " Commenters and CNN iReporters also weighed in on the issue . "  I have Asperger 's , a very mild form of autism , " said one comenter , oblivion328 . "  Though as an adult I no longer exhibit any of the associated behaviors aside from some manageable social anxiety , I recall very well having tantrums as a child . I sincerely doubt if you put a gun in my hand during such an episode I 'd start shooting people . Most autistics are more likely to harm themselves than anyone around them really . " "  When you talk about autism or anything on the autism spectrum , you 're talking about a neural disorder , " said CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta . "  I think the terms do matter here . Second of all , just this whole idea that it 's linked with violence in some way and specifically pre-planned violence , I think we can dispense with that . " What concerns advocacy groups such as Autism Speaks , the Autism Society and the Autism Research Initiative is that linking autism with violence will once again stigmatize people with autism and turn back the clock on progress made so far . "  Please do not judge any individual with autism based on what is being said about a killer of innocent children and teachers , " the Autism Society said in its statement . A blood test for autism ? Bell said he is concerned that linking autism to this crime could even endanger innocent people and that the community will begin to fear those with autism . "  We worked so hard to try  integrate them  into our communities , give them opportunities to be employees , to be able to live in our neighborhoods , and if people do jump to conclusions , we really risk taking significant steps backward for people in this population , " he said . In a statement , Autistic Global Initiative Director Valerie Paradiz said , "  The autism community has long labored toward building understanding , awareness and trust within communities throughout the United States and the world . "  As adults with autism living productive , peaceful lives , we urge the media and professionals who participate in speculative interviews about the motives of the accused shooter to refrain from misleading comments about autism and other neurodevelopmental disabilities . ...  M  isinformation could easily trigger increased prejudice and misunderstanding . " CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta and Danielle Dellorto contributed to this report .	A relative says shooter Adam Lanza had a form of autism , law enforcement official says Autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder , not a personality disorder Advocacy groups caution against speculation about link between violence and autism Violence for those with autism spectrum disorders is not planned , expert says
CNN  -- Tax day got you down ? Now is your chance to flee society . Drop off the grid . Pull a Thoreau . Be you a survivalist , an environmentalist or a cheapskate-ist , you can join the growing movement of Americans embracing off-grid living . "  There 's a desire to step out of the rat race , and in America , that goes very deep in the national psyche , " says Nick Rosen , author of "  Off the Grid : Inside the Movement for More Space , Less Government , and True Independence in Modern America " and editor of www.off-grid.net . "  You know , the pioneering spirit and sturdy self-reliance -- these things which define the American character . " For some off-griders , it 's a matter of having little or no impact on the environment -- literally living off the power grid . This lifestyle has been championed by celebrities Daryl Hannah and Ed Begley Jr. . Then there are those who no longer want to be a blip on the societal radar . "  Off-grid living is a spectrum that unites greens and survivalists , " says Rosen , referring to those who choose to escape city life because they either do n't trust the government or do n't want it meddling in their affairs . So if you 've been considering going AWOL , let tax day be your inspiration . And if you 've got what it takes to look after yourself , with a little help from some earthy friends , here are a few off-the-grid destinations that will take you in . Or perhaps you 'd like to drop in for a visit ... Terlingua , Texas There 's no shortage of songs about this fabled West Texas ghost town on the edge of Big Bend National Park , chock full of desert gypsies occupying the remaining mining ruins . But perhaps the most well known is Gary P. Nunn 's "  Terlingua Sky " : Well , you know we 're probably too old for this . / Maybe the rest of the world is too young . / We drive 500 miles to get loose and get wild / And stay up 'til the last song is done . Of course it 's hard to tell just how young or old anyone is in Terlingua . Desert living takes its toll on your skin while rejuvenating the soul . Terlingua is surrounded by ruggedly beautiful terrain , sits at a high altitude and a distance from civilization that provides for some of the world 's finest star-gazing and plays host to two of the most celebrated and highly attended chili cook-offs in the country . If you are n't ready to escape to the wilds of West Texas , at least plan a trip for the first Saturday of November , when both the Frank X. Tolbert - Wick Fowler Championship and the Chili Appreciation Society International cook-offs take place . And make sure to spend a night at Upstairs at the Mansion -- a boutique hotel built in the ruins of the century-old mansion owned by the founder of the Chisos Mining Co. . For more information , visit www.terlinguacitylimits.com or www.chili.org . Slab City , California "  The Last Free Place in America " is about 190 miles southeast of Los Angeles and an hour 's drive north of the Mexican border . Here , in Slab City , you 'll find hundreds of free spirits living in campers , RVs and school buses scattered amongst the giant concrete-slab ruins of a World War II-era military base . When the base closed after the war , a group of servicemen stayed , and the community continued to grow -- mostly because it supports the wayward life , and neither the U.S. military nor the state of California have ever charged the squatters . Keep in mind there 's no water , electricity or sewer service , so the lifestyle presents its own challenges . You might recognize the village of mobile homes or the nearby "  Salvation Mountain " from the 2007 film "  Into the Wild " or the book of the same name that inspired it . Illuminated by a vision from God , Leonard Knight spent 26 years and thousands of gallons of paint crafting a hillside out of adobe and straw . The giant art installation is an explosion of colors and scriptures and such a spectacular vision that an unsuspecting traveler might think it a mirage . It 's worth the trip just to see the giant work of art or to take a life lesson from some of the locals making their own way in this concrete Eden . Dancing Rabbit Ecovillage , Missouri In the heart of the Midwest lies a commune dedicated to socially and environmentally sustainable living . Located on 280 acres in Rutledge , in northeastern Missouri , Dancing Rabbit inhabitants aim to prove that egalitarian communities can thrive in America . But the main focus is on the environment , as much of the property is reserved for wildlife habitat and villagers have reintroduced native plants to the area . If you 're just looking to stop in and check out the scene , stay at the Milkweed Mercantile Eco Inn , a straw-bale-constructed bed and breakfast . Dancing Rabbit also offers one - to three-week visitor programs to more fully experience the ecovillage . Most of those program participants camp on the property . For more information , visit www.dancingrabbit.org or www.milkweedmercantile.com . Smith Island , Maryland For more than 300 years , the residents of this Chesapeake Bay waterman community have managed to exist without local government , jails or police . The Methodist church and the blue crab business give the community its structure . Not only have islanders preserved a sense of order , but they 've also upheld a unique way of life and dialect similar to that of the West Country of England . The assortment of islands known as Smith Island can only be accessed by boat , and many are uninhabited . If you 're not looking to take up island life permanently , you should at least visit for the outstanding seafood and their signature eight-to-15-layer Smith Island cake . For more information , visit www.smithisland.org . Breitenbush Hot Springs , Oregon This holistic hot spring resort nestled in the Willamette National Forrest , 50 miles outside of Salem , Oregon , is one of the most relaxing spots to go off the grid . You can join the 50 to 70 members of this worker-owned cooperative who run Breitenbush by lending your skills for a year , at which point the community will vote on your membership . The community 's mission : "  To provide a safe and potent environment where people can renew and evolve in ways they never imagined . " Of course , if you just want a short rejuvenation escape , you can make reservations for anywhere from $ 52 to $ 119 a night , depending on dates and accommodations . Visitors can enjoy massages , performances , yoga , more than 20 miles of hiking trails and the renowned natural geothermal springs that have been used by Native Americans for centuries . For more information , visit www.breitenbush.com .	If going mainstream is weighing you down , consider these five spots Residents of a Missouri eco-village are committed to sustainable living A hot springs co-op in Oregon encourages personal growth and renewal
CNN  -- Destructive graffiti wars are being waged by anonymous vandals , deliberately defacing many of the meticulously painted murals that vividly illustrate San Francisco 's streets . The attacks have sparked calls by outraged professional artists and their supporters demanding everything from public humiliation to experimental collaboration with the hostile graffiti "  taggers " to avoid violence and more lost art . If you 're going to San Francisco , keep in mind that the outdoor murals you see are ephemeral , so appreciate them -- and take lots of photos -- before they disappear . Countless gorgeous , larger-than-life murals illustrate this city 's weathered exteriors , bestowing visual intrigue to homes , shops , parking lots , recreational facilities , derelict buildings and alleys . Artistic themes include anarchy , surrealism , science fiction , eroticism and other fantasies and realities . Some gigantic paintings include political slogans or poetry for the public to ponder . Now , however , a rolling population of taggers has been wreaking havoc on many of the best murals , by hurriedly spray-painting initials , names , words , acronyms and other lettering across the majestic urban displays . Gang intimidation at work Some victimized artists worry that the taggers may include criminal gangs marking their neighborhoods , making it unwise to confront them or remove their destructive scrawls . "  There is always that possibility of violence , if you approach someone tagging a mural , " said Carlos Daniel Perez-Boza , 26 , who teaches art at San Francisco 's Cultural Arts Division of the Recreation and Parks . "  Some taggers come in large numbers , some are gang related . Their intention is to mess things up and possibly look for a fight , " he said in an interview . "  I can only hope taggers would appreciate the street arts , and truly see what are the possibilities that we are building , for artists to showcase their talents in public space , " said Perez-Boza , who is also a muralist , painter , street and studio artist . Mission District art targeted Clarion Alley , the Mission District neighborhood 's prestigious , free , open-air gallery , is n't immune from desecration . Since 1992 , Clarion Alley 's urban lane has allowed artists to voluntarily adorn its outdoor walls , fences , residences , gutters and every other available space with fanciful and often profound murals . The public alley runs parallel between 17th and 18th streets , linking Mission and Valencia streets -- you can visit anytime day or night for free . Prominent artist Mats Stromberg completed his 12-foot-tall , 15-foot-wide , ant-infested "  Giant Selfie " Clarion Alley mural in 2013 . His mural portrays a man 's huge turquoise head -- resembling himself -- laying on the ground , "  with two factions of ants battling it out in front of his very eyes , representing the sort of narcissism associated with all the latest social media gadgets , as well as the individual 's helplessness in the face of conflicts either nearby or globally , " he said in an interview . Stromberg was n't amused when his masterpiece was defaced in July . Big , bold blobs of silver-colored letters , outlined in red -- spelling the name "  Blake " -- suddenly smothered much of the mural . Asked what punishment anti-mural taggers should suffer , Stromberg suggested perhaps the person should be "  tarred and feathered , and tied to the defaced wall for a few days and nights ? Spray-paint their faces ? " Compromising with taggers ? Stromberg , whose signature "  Mats !? " includes double punctuation , has seen his art attacked by other taggers in the past . His previous response was to painstakingly paint over the graffiti , and restore his mural . This time , however , Stromberg painted fresh chaotic designs over parts of the silvery letters , rendering "  Blake " unrecognizable under blossoming , newly evolved weird images . "  My response this time is to collaborate with my tagger , and not return the piece to its original state , but see what happens , " said Stromberg , 50 , while laboring to repair his mural . "  The tags inspire new visual vocabularies I would not have thought to paint , had the piece not been tagged . " Tagger response : "  Its war " In August , "  Blake " returned with a vengeance to Clarion Alley and ominously wrote in black letters across the repaired mural : "  THIS ISNT ART . ITS WAR . BLAKE . " "  I wish you could get ahold of Blake , my tagger-collaborator , but I 've no idea who , where , what , he is , " Stromberg lamented after the fresh assault . Stromberg 's Facebook friends analyzed the tagger 's motive . "  You could think of it in terms of mental illness . It 's Tourette 's -- but they have to write their name over and over maybe , " posted one colleague . "  He is expressing some sort of superiority -- read : ` internalized inferiority ' -- over a real artist . I was just marveling at the tags on the toilet seat at a local establishment . How low do you have to be , to want to tag that ? " someone else wrote . "  I really just do n't get why he has chosen to target Mats Stromberg of all people . A legendary , grimy , old school Mission dude , underground pioneer , " another dismayed artist wrote . "  This same stuff has happened to mine as well . It 's a bummer , but it is good to keep in mind that anything we put out there into the public is ephemeral , meaning it could last a long time or no time , " that artist said . "  Stick a nanny cam on there , get a mug shot , and then paint the dude 's face on there , wearing a T-shirt that says ` I 'm with stupid ' and an arrow pointing the guy 's head , " suggested another post . Attack on establishment art "  I 'm guessing they see a legitimate commissioned or permitted works of art , as being part of the establishment , " said Stromberg . He was referring to the alley 's envious status of enshrining some of San Francisco 's best art , organized by the volunteer artists ' collective Clarion Alley Mural Project  CAMP  . "  Sadly , CAMP has helped to contribute to the extreme gentrification of the Mission District over these past two decades , " wrote artist Megan Wilson , a CAMP "  core organizer " who defends the alley 's roots . "  What started as a neighborhood-based project committed to diversity and inclusion , is now a magnet for lots of folks hoping to profit off of the image that CAMP has created -- from the developers and real estate agents who use CAMP as a selling point for the ` cool , hip Mission experience , ' to those who use the space for fashion shoots , to corporations hoping to include the ` gritty urban street art ' image to sell their products , to any number of paid tours by folks unrelated to CAMP , spreading misinformation about the project , artists and murals , " she wrote on her website . No control over taggers Many of San Francisco 's large murals are the result of serious negotiations between artists and wall owners -- including shopkeepers , residents or city officials -- to ensure the painting remains visible and not erased for violating private property . But no one can control malicious taggers . "  I believe taggers will always state their voice , " said Perez-Boza . "  Whether it 's tagging a white wall , a mural , local mom and pop , venues , billboards , public transit or corporate buildings . " People attack murals because "  they knew the artist , and maybe that artist they knew ` sold out . ' "  Or they at one point were in the same crew , and now they are in different crews . "  Or jealousy and envy . Or they just do n't care . "  Or they can be sending gang messages . "  I do n't know what the punishment should be , if someone intentionally spray-painted over a mural . "  It 's not like the law is involved , unless you 're tagging a McDonald 's ad , " Perez-Boza said , laughing . "  I had someone tag one of my work-in-progress murals . "  The silly part about this was how they displayed it . "  My wall was about 15 feet high , 20 feet wide . Their mark was no bigger then six inches . " You can see some of San Francisco 's best murals and other art at websites for the Clarion Alley Mural Project ; Carlos Daniel Perez-Boza ; Mats Stromberg ; SF Mural Arts . Richard S. Ehrlich is a freelance writer from San Francisco . He 's reported for international media from Asia since 1978 , based in Hong Kong , New Delhi and now Bangkok .	Authorized murals and street art routinely being defaced by vandals in San Francisco Some of best murals in historic Mission District have been ruined "  Its war " declared one tagger after an artist attempted to paint over his tag "  There is always that possibility of violence if you approach someone tagging a mural , " says local art instructor
CNN  -- One of the busiest travel weeks of the year is upon us . With the uproar over the Transportation Security Administration 's new airport security measures reaching a fever pitch , CNN has put together a short Q&A to separate fact from myth and answer basic questions about what to expect if you 're flying this holiday season . Q  What exactly are the new TSA rules ? A  When you arrive in the airport security checkpoint , you will be directed to either a traditional metal detector or one of the new advanced imaging technology  AIT  machines . Passengers directed to the AIT machines can instead opt for an "  enhanced " pat-down . Q  Will the checkpoint look very different when I arrive ? A  No . The only noticeable difference may be the presence of the AIT machines , which are larger than metal detectors . Q  Does every airport have the AIT machines ? A  No . There are approximately 400 AIT machines installed in 69 airports nationwide . The rest of the country 's roughly 450 commercial airports still only use metal detectors . Q  Does everyone go through the AIT machines ? A  No . As noted above , most airports in the United States do n't have the AIT machines yet . And even if your airport has them , you may still be asked to go through a metal detector instead . Q  What sorts of images do the AIT machines show ? A  They show a somewhat blurred outline of the passenger 's body . Clear facial features are not shown . Q  Is anyone exempt from the AIT machines ? A  Yes -- working pilots . Q  Is advanced imaging technology dangerous ? A  There are actually two types of advanced imaging technology -- backscatter X-ray technology and millimeter-wave technology . Backscatter technology has raised concerns among some experts because it uses small doses of ionizing radiation . Radiation experts say millimeter-wave technology poses no known health risks . The TSA says travelers are exposed to less radiation during an AIT scan than they would from two minutes of an airline flight . In other words , according to the TSA , it 's safe . Q  Is the use of advanced imaging technology a violation of my rights ? A  It depends who you ask . Several lawsuits have been filed . One public interest research group is seeking a suspension of the body scanning program , arguing that the measures violate the Fourth Amendment and the Privacy Act , among other laws . Courts , however , have traditionally given wide leeway for airport screening under the Fourth Amendment , according to Adam Winkler , a UCLA law professor who specializes in American constitutional law . Q  Does everyone get the new enhanced pat-down ? A  No . Fewer than 3 percent of the flying public are subjected to the enhanced pat-down , according to the TSA . Pat-downs are used primarily on passengers who set off either the AIT machine or the metal detectors , and those who opt out of the AIT machine . A few randomly selected passengers will be subjected to a pat down even if they clear the metal detector or AIT machine . Q  What 's included in the enhanced pat-down ? A  The TSA does n't provide an exact description of the new pat-down procedure . Passengers subjected to the screening , however , have indicated that TSA representatives have probed their entire body , including the posterior , crotch , and chest . Q  Why is the enhanced pat-down necessary ? A  "  It just makes good security sense , " the TSA says on its website . "  The weapons and other dangerous and prohibited items we 've found during pat-downs speak to this . " Q  Am I going to be subjected to a pat-down in front of fellow passengers ? A  You can request to have the pat-down conducted in a private room with a passenger witness of your choosing . Q  I have a metal implant in my body . Am I more likely to require a pat-down ? A  No . In fact , if you go through an AIT machine , you may be less likely to require a pat-down . A metal detector will be set off by the presence of metal inside the body -- potentially leading to a pat-down . The AIT scans the exterior of the body , and should therefore not detect the presence of metal inside the body . Q  Are kids exempt from enhanced pat-downs ? A  Children under the age of 12 requiring additional screening will receive "  a modified pat down , " according to the TSA . Q  What happens if I refuse to go through a complete screening ? A  Passengers who refuse complete screening wo n't be allowed past security and could face civil penalties , according to a TSA statement . Q  Will all airports have the new AIT scanning machines in the future ? A  That 's the goal . CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Marnie Hunter contributed to this report	The new rules require passengers to go through a regular metal detector or a new AIT machine If you set off the detector or machine -- or refuse to go through them -- you will get an "  enhanced " pat-down The new advanced imaging technology machine is generally considered safe Only 3 percent of the flying public will likely need an enhanced pat-down
Is it a slow leak that will grow into a cascade , or a minor drip easily plugged ? More and more , conservative Republicans in Congress are breaking from a pledge they signed years earlier against any kind of tax increase or additional tax revenue . Facing the so-called fiscal cliff of automatic tax hikes and deep across-the-board spending cuts at the end of the year , the GOP legislators are signaling their willingness to cut a deal with President Barack Obama and Democrats that would include more money for the government . Poll : Lawmakers wo n't act their age on fiscal cliff The overall numbers remain relatively small -- a handful of senators and House members -- but they include influential veterans such as Sens. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , along with Rep. Peter King of New York . King has "  tried to weasel out " of the pledge , anti-tax crusader Grover Norquist told CNN 's Piers Morgan on Monday . "  I hope his wife understands commitments last a little longer than two years or something . " Norquist said King knew when he signed it that he was pledging that "  as long as you 're in Congress , you will rein in spending and reform government , not raise taxes . It 's not for 500 years or two generations . It 's only as long as you 're in the House or the Senate . If he stayed too long , that 's his problem . " iReport : Share your financial compromise stories On Sunday , Graham declared on ABC , "  We do n't generate enough revenue , " officially disagreeing with the Taxpayer Protection Pledge he signed at Norquist 's behest . Others who have rejected the strict dogma of the Norquist pledge include Sens. John McCain of Arizona , Tom Coburn of Oklahoma and Bob Corker of Tennessee , as well as Rep. Scott Rigell of Virginia , who was elected in the tea party wave of 2010 and recently re-elected . Norquist , who founded the conservative Americans for Tax Reform , advocates shrinking government by cutting spending instead of raising taxes through higher rates or reforms . He sounded unconcerned Monday about the GOP backlash , telling CNN that "  no pledge taker has voted for a tax increase . " "  You 've had some people discussing impure thoughts on national television , " Norquist said . Norquist : I 'll unseat pledge breakers At the White House , spokesman Jay Carney told reporters he hoped the "  welcome " comments by some Republicans represented "  a difference in tone and approach to these problems . " To CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger , the softening tone by some in the GOP was explained by new poll numbers that showed 45 % of Americans would blame Republicans for failing to avoid the fiscal cliff , while 34 % would blame Obama . The public shift comes after Obama won re-election and Democrats increased their slim Senate majority and narrowed the GOP majority in the House in this month 's election . In what have been secret talks so far , Obama and Congress are seeking to revive a possible "  grand bargain " to cut the chronic federal deficits and debt . Without a deal , tax cuts from 2001 and 2003 -- when George W. Bush was president -- will expire , raising rates for everyone starting in January . In addition , spending cuts would reduce spending on the military , national parks , the Federal Aviation Administration and other important government services . However , the government and Congress still would have time to prevent draconian effects from the fiscal cliff when a new Congress convenes in January . Obama promotes his fiscal cliff solution William Galston , a senior fellow in governance studies at the Brookings Institution , called that a form of brinksmanship best avoided . "  To be sure , no one believes that non-agreement by December 31 would be the end of the story . After a period of finger-pointing , discussions would resume , " he wrote last week in a New Republic opinion piece . "  But equally , no one knows how the failure to reach agreement before the end of 2012 would affect the dynamics of the negotiations . " In addition , "  we can be reasonably sure ... that national and global markets would react adversely and that businesses , which are already retreating from planned investments in new plant and equipment , would become even more uncertain and risk-averse . " The CNN/ORC International poll released Monday also showed that a solid majority of respondents -- two-thirds -- supports the Democratic stance that any agreement should include a mix of spending cuts and tax increases . Of that total , Republicans favor such an approach by 52 % -44 % . In particular , Obama and Democrats insist that wealthy Americans , so far identified as those with income higher than $ 200,000 for individuals or $ 250,000 for families , should pay more taxes than they do now so that rates for everyone else stay the same . However , the outgoing Congress in a lame-duck session for the rest of the year , as well as the new Congress to be seated in January , include large numbers of Republicans who signed the Norquist pledge . Come January , there will be 39 senators , including Chambliss and Graham , and 219 House members who endorsed it . Trending : Graham says he 'd break no-tax ` pledge ' The House total constitutes a narrow majority in the 435-seat chamber , though some members have denounced their allegiance to the pledge . Some congressional conservatives sought to deflect attention from the Norquist pledge on Monday , focusing instead on the need to work out a deal that included concessions by Democrats . "  The goal is to solve the problem , " insisted Rep. Kevin McCarthy , the No. 3 House Republican in the incoming Congress . He rejected Obama 's call for letting tax rates on income over $ 250,000 return to higher levels of the 1990s , telling CNN "  that does n't solve the problem " because "  you do nothing about the growth of government . " Long a defining difference between Democrats and Republicans , the tax issue has stymied efforts to work out a deficit deal for the past two years . Obama and House Speaker John Boehner came close to agreement last year before conservative rejection of any increased revenue and liberal resistance to entitlement reform scuttled the effort . Boehner , the Ohio Republican who has emerged as party leader in the deficit talks , agrees to the concept of increased revenue , though he and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky both remain opposed to actually raising tax rates . Instead , they propose broad tax reform that will lower rates while eliminating unspecified loopholes and exemptions to spur economic growth that they say will result in more overall government revenue . "  It 's fair to ask my party to put revenue on the table . We 're below historic averages , " Graham told ABC . "  I will not raise tax rates to do it . I will cap deductions . If you cap deductions around the $ 30,000 , $ 40,000 range , you can raise $ 1 trillion in revenue , and the people who lose their deductions are the upper-income Americans . " At the same time , Graham and other conservative lawmakers demand that Democrats agree to significant reforms in entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid , the government-run health care programs for senior citizens , the disabled and the poor . "  I will violate the pledge , long story short , for the good of the country , only if Democrats will do entitlement reform , " Graham said . On the same program , Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois said some changes to Medicare are needed , but he ruled out any reforms to Social Security , the national retirement plan , saying it is a separately funded system that "  does not add a penny to our debt . " Noting opposition to entitlement reforms by traditional Democratic allies such as organized labor , Durbin said everyone has to realize that some changes are needed in Medicare and Medicaid . Fiscal cliff tax deal : Getting to $ 1 trillion "  Those who say ` do n't touch it , do n't change it ' are ignoring the obvious , " said the Senate 's No. 2 Democrat , adding that "  we can make meaningful reforms in Medicare and Medicaid without compromising the integrity of the program , making sure that the beneficiaries are not paying the price for it , except perhaps the high-income beneficiaries . That to me is a reasonable approach . " However , Durbin balked at one proposal sought by Republicans -- to slowly raise the eligibility age for Medicare above the current level of 65 . "  What happens to the early retiree who needs health insurance before that person 's eligible for Medicare ? " Durbin asked . "  My concern about raising that Medicare retirement age is there will be gaps in coverage or coverage that 's way too expensive for seniors to purchase . " Graham rejected Durbin 's point , saying the same change instituted in Social Security has worked . He also called for adjusting benefits based on the personal wealth of recipients , so that those with more money have to pay more for services . Norquist said Democrats will never agree to the negotiating position of Graham and other Republicans , calling the demand for entitlement reforms akin to a "  pink unicorn that does n't exist . " Read more : 8 things that could kill a fiscal cliff deal The political risk for Republicans to going against the no-tax pledge comes from angering Norquist and other conservatives who can target them in GOP primary campaigns in 2014 and beyond . Norquist said Monday his group would "  certainly highlight who has kept their commitment and who has n't " when re-election time comes . "  The key here is whether or not the Republicans will move away from the ideologically rigid position , which has been the Grover Norquist pledge , " Democratic Sen. Carl Levin of Michigan told NBC on Sunday . "  You 've got to raise additional revenues , including tax rates on the wealthy . They have to go up . Either real tax rates or effective tax rates , there are ways of doing that . " Opinion : Can GOP handle prosperity ?	Grover Norquist says lawmaker "  tried to weasel out " of anti-tax pledge More Republicans call for increased tax revenue in a deficit deal President Obama and Congress are trying to work out an agreement Without a deal , the nation faces the so-called "  fiscal cliff " come January
CNN  Nicole Kidman appeared on "  The Tonight Show " on Tuesday with a story so awkward , it made Jimmy Fallon hide under his desk . It turns out that Kidman and Fallon had met once before years ago but have n't seen one another since . As these things go , the two of them have totally different memories about what happened during their meeting : Kidman thought she was going to "  hang " with the star , but Fallon was totally oblivious . "  I do n't know if you remember this , but we met before , " Fallon told Kidman . "  Oh , I remember , " Kidman replied . "  Yeah , you tell your version  of the story  . " Fallon remembers walking around New York when he got a call from a friend named Rick , who tells him that Nicole Kidman wants to meet him . "  Maybe to be in ` Bewitched ' or something like that , " Fallon recalls . But according to Kidman , their meeting had nothing to do with a movie . "  I just remember that I liked you , " she tells a bewildered Fallon . "  Rick , our mutual friend , says , ` oh , Jimmy wants to meet you , and you can go over to his apartment . ... ' And I 'm single , and I 'm like , ` OK , yeah , cool . ' " Apparently , Fallon had no idea that this was supposed to be a romantic setup . "  What ? Did I date Nicole Kidman ?! " Fallon asked . If he did , he did n't do it well . Kidman made her way to Fallon 's apartment , only to find the comedian in "  a baseball cap and , like , nothing . " "  You would n't talk , " Kidman went on . "  And then you put on a video game or something , and I was like , ` this is so bad . ' " At that point in Kidman 's story , Fallon fled for cover under his desk . But Kidman was n't done : "  After about an hour and a half , I thought , ` He has no interest . This is so embarrassing . And then I left and  thought  , ` OK , no chemistry . Maybe he 's gay ? ' " she said with a laugh . Fallon swears he had "  no clue at all " that he could 've dated Kidman , but as the Australian actress says , it just was n't meant to be . Kidman went on to marry country star Keith Urban in 2006 , and Fallon wed movie producer Nancy Juvonen in 2007 . Both stars now have kids . "  I ca n't believe I dated Nicole Kidman ! " Fallon said . "  This is one of the most awkward moments ever . "	Nicole Kidman revealed that she and Fallon had met before They 'd been on a date of sorts , set up by a friend Fallon was completely embarrassed by Kidman 's memory
CNN  -- "  Yesterday is gone . Tomorrow has not yet come . We have only today . Let us begin . " -- Mother Teresa Maybe it was because my parents were immigrants , who scraped by most of their lives and were always forced to plan for tomorrow . Maybe it was because some of the scars from their past were too painful , and they felt those moments should be forgotten . It could be they felt their lives were moving so quickly that if they spent much time in the past , they would lose out on their future . No matter what the reason , when I told my parents we were going on a journey to the other side of the world to find our roots , they were a little skeptical . Sure , a family medical history was important to know , but learning about our ancestors ' lives ? They were n't all that interested . In many ways , they believed that visiting the past would be , at best , a luxury . At worst , it would be a complete waste of time . They would be the first to tell you now it was a wonderfully transformative experience that brought three generations of our family closer together . As much as I thought I knew the story of my family , I really only had a few headlines . I did n't know the nuances , the details , the tidbits that painted a more complete picture of who we really are . I did n't know that my dad 's great-uncle was a freedom fighter who was jailed twice for speaking truth to power . I did n't know that my great-grandfather gave away all his money and land  and a herd of buffalo  to the priests in the north Indian community where he lived with his wife and five sons . Even 100 years later , they describe him as the most charitable person who ever lived in that small town . I did n't know that at 6 feet 4 inches , he was able to jump over a water buffalo in one leap . I did n't know when my mom fled as a 5-year-old refugee from the bloody partition in 1947 , that her Hindu relatives all disguised themselves in the traditional garb of Muslims to blend in and ensure their safety . I saw that scared little girl in my mind and better understood the remarkably resilient woman who grew up to be my mother . At one point during our trip , she turned to her three granddaughters and said , "  I am proof that anything is possible . " To understand truly where you are going , it helps to understand from where you came . There are so many moments from our journey that I will never forget . There was the camel ride on Karachi beach in Pakistan with my mom . For the first time , she shared some of the awful details of her life as a refugee . That beach was the last place she saw before leaving the war-torn country . She never imagined returning . Another moment involved ancient scrolls that date back 40 generations . My father 's side of the family had its history recorded going back nearly 1,000 years -- and the look on my father 's face when he saw the scrolls for the first time will forever be seared in my mind . I will never forget the questions my daughters started asking -- not just the names of their ancestors , but what kind of people were they , really ? I can now honestly answer some of those questions . I can tell them the extraordinary story of how their grandparents met . It 's a tale that will inspire faith even in the most cynical of people . Even today , many Indians still have arranged marriages . But in the mid-1960s , my parents , two young college students , started a romance in Ann Arbor , Michigan , and fell in love . "  Then you happened , " my dad told me with a smile as we stood in the exact spot they first met . If you are reading this , you 're probably already interested in the idea of finding your roots . Here is what I 've learned : While the journey was life-altering , I will most remember the conversations we had along the way . There is something about finding your roots that fosters and nurtures family discussions that you would not otherwise have had . Mother Teresa was right : Yesterday is gone . But I learned , along with my family , that it is very worthwhile to pay a visit every now and then .	Dr. Sanjay Gupta traveled from Pakistan to Michigan to discover his family 's roots His mother , father and daughters joined him on the trip Gupta says he will most remember the conversations they had along the way
CNN  -- I went online this morning to see the Mountain Dew ad -- the one some are calling the most racist in history -- expecting to see some really offensive stuff . Instead , I saw some really silly stuff . The goat 's funny . The names of some of the black men in the lineup are hilarious . The premise : ridiculous . And I would think that 's the point of a commercial with a talking goat . It 's meant to be ridiculous and not taken seriously . It 's comedy of the absurd , along the lines of Del Shores ' "  Sordid Lives , " Jerry Seinfeld 's parents on "  Seinfeld " or "  Dude , Where 's My Car ? " Does it play on stereotypical imagery ? Yes , and because of that , I can see how some could be a bit put off by a police lineup featuring all black men before a frightened white woman . But come on , one of the suspects ' names is "  Beyonte . " The circumstances surrounding the scene in the commercial are so outrageously over the top , I found myself snickering more than anything . Similar to the way I snickered during a skit featuring Dave Chappelle , who was making fun of racism with the creation of his character Clayton Bigsby , a blind white supremacist in the South . And he 's black . "  You 've never left this property , have you , Mr. Bigsby ? " "  No , sir , not in many years . " "  What if I were to tell you that you are an African-American ? " "  Sir ! Listen ! I 'm gon na make this clear . I am in no way , shape or form involved in any n *** erdom ! " Classic Chappelle . The Mountain Dew commercials ' brand of frat-boy physical humor is n't everyone 's thing . It could be seen as callous or making light of battered women . For me , though , the presence of a talking goat put me in a different "  South Park " - ish mindset . There 's a reason "  South Park " remains a high-rated show , why "  The Simpsons " is the longest-running sitcom in history , why a third installment of "  The Hangover " is being released : A lot of people like dumb , frat-boy humor draped in fantasy . And I 'm not trying to say Tyler , the Creator  whose real name is Tyler Okonma  scripted a commercial that is as brilliant as anything we 've seen on the "  Chappelle Show . " And because of the rape fantasies in his music and liberal use of homophobic slurs on Twitter , I question why the advertising executives at Mountain Dew thought it was a good idea to partner with him in the first place . But with all of that being said , I doubt his intent behind the commercial was to demonize black men . And that 's the difference : intent . A commercial that uses stereotypes has the potential to make any minority group featured in it uncomfortable , but is the Mountain Dew commercial really on par with , say , "  Birth of a Nation , " a film that blatantly uses disparaging caricatures of black men to slander and promote fear ? No , it is n't , so can we please step back from the ledge ? In fact , I would dare say the images of black men in many of Tyler Perry 's movies , which are widely supported by the black community , are far more offensive than what I saw in that commercial . Why ? Because in Perry 's films , the dramatization is intended to be based in reality , while a thirsty gangsta goat by the name of Felicia is not . Thus I find the controversy to be as laughable as the Rev. Jerry Falwell saying the Teletubbies were bad for children because the purple one was gay . You know , sometimes images in pop culture are obviously insensitive or offensive , such as Lil Wayne usurping the murder of Emmett Till to make a vulgar reference about sex . And sometimes it 's all one giant inkblot , like a Rorschach test . No right or wrong answers , just a peek inside the skull of the people who consume pop culture . The ad was pulled . I ca n't help but feel it 's a sad , sad day when the policing of comedy gets to the point where we ca n't even laugh at a talking goat . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson checked out the Mountain Dew ad everybody says is racist He does n't get why it 's offensive , he said ; it 's just silly and absurd and not serious Comedians like Dave Chappelle push racial boundaries all the time , LZ says He writes that it 's sad it 's come to this : Laughing at a talking goat is unacceptable
ESSENCE  -- Two weeks ago , 3-year-old Jaquan Reed was fatally shot on Chicago , Illinois ' , West Side . Men participate in the Million Father March to support children going to school . While the case shook the city , such shootings involving children are no longer rare in the Windy City . Within the current academic year , 36 Chicago-area students were killed . Essence.com spoke to Phillip Jackson , a well-known political activist in the city and also founder of Black Star Project , a Chicago-based community outreach group , about what is being done to end the senseless shootings involving children . The following is an edited version of that interview : ESSENCE : There have been so many shootings and deaths . Please tell us what 's happening in Chicago ? ESSENCE : Xerox names Ursula Burns CEO Phillip Jackson : This is a national catastrophe that is happening while we as a country do nothing . We 're asking for national attention . This is a pandemic . We will not be able to solve this problem in Chicago unless they can solve this same problem in Houston -LSB- Texas -RSB- and other cities . Watch our panelists talk about the growing violence in Chicago " ESSENCE : The nation 's first black president is from Chicago . And you still do not feel like there is enough attention placed on this problem ? Jackson : Newspapers from all over the world have come to our offices this past week to say , "  What is happening in President Barack Obama 's backyard ? " And 75 percent of the children murdered here in Chicago happened within eight miles of President Obama 's former house . So if he does n't respond as president , and we are hoping he does , he needs to respond as a resident . ESSENCE : What has been the police response ? Jackson : They 've put together a 400-unit gang SWAT team . They 're trying to match guns with the gangs . But with all of that they ca n't stop one murder because they 're approaching it from the wrong way . ESSENCE : Obama 's time in office ESSENCE : What is the right way to approach it ? Jackson : Instill strong families and strong communities . Build strong parenting groups . Do you know what has been the best mentoring organization in the United States of America ? Street gangs . ESSENCE : In other cities , where there is a lot of gang violence , like Baltimore -LSB- Maryland -RSB- , there are regular people in the community coming together and trying to fix it . What are regular people doing about this in Chicago ? Jackson : First of all , they 're raising their voices . Number two , they 're rallying , they 're marching , and they 're organizing . That 's what this effort is going to take . Number three , they 're engaging in recreational programs . ESSENCE : Toledo cops say teen provoked them So there is more happening at the grassroots level than at the federal level . But those people can not succeed without support . And that 's why we 're asking President Obama to bring his resources . ESSENCE : What is the mind-set of Chicago youth with all of these horrendous acts of violence occurring ? Jackson : Hopelessness , desperation , anger . They live in America . They see how America takes care of the whole world but wo n't take care of them in the communities in which they live .	Essence speaks to political activist in Chicago about children 's deaths 36 Chicago-area students killed in current academic school year 75 percent of children killed within 8 miles of President Obama 's former house Children see how America takes care of the world but not them , activist says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- AEG Live 's CEO wrote two days before Michael Jackson died that a doctor Jackson was seeing "  scares us to death because he is shooting him up with something , " court testimony shows . Randy Phillips ' e-mail could contradict his earlier testimony that he had no idea Jackson was getting prescription drugs while he was preparing for his comeback concerts . Phillips is on the witness stand for a fifth day Tuesday in the Jackson wrongful death trial , which is in its seventh week . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazuelos sent jurors out of the courtroom at one point Monday afternoon so she could lecture Phillips about arguing with Jackson lawyer Brian Panish and appearing to evade his questions . "  Arguing with the lawyers is not going to help , " Palazuelos told Phillips . "  It 's not going to help your case . It 's not going to help anybody . It 's lengthening your testimony . " Jackson 's mother and three children are suing AEG Live , saying the concert promoter is liable in Jackson 's death because it hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter . Phillips and other AEG Live executives ignored "  red flags " that should have alerted them that Jackson 's health was at risk as they pressured him and his doctor to stop missing rehearsals as the "  This Is It " tour premiere approached in the summer of 2009 , Jackson lawyers argue . Jackson , not AEG Live , chose and controlled Murray , company lawyers argue . Although they negotiated a contract to pay Murray $ 150,000 a month to attend to Jackson , it was never fully executed because Jackson died before they signed , they say . AEG executives -- including Co-CEO Paul Gongaware , who had managed Jackson 's last two tours -- had no way of knowing that Jackson was abusing drugs , especially the surgical anesthetic propofol , which the coroner ruled played the largest role in his death , AEG Live lawyers argue . Murray told investigators he was infusing propofol into Jackson nearly every night to treat his insomnia so Jackson would be rested for rehearsals . On Monday , Panish confronted Phillips about an e-mail exchange that he had two days before Jackson 's death in which Phillips was asked if Dr. Arnold Klein was "  on the list of doctors that will help get us from today to the opening night . " "  He scares us to death because he is shooting him up with something , " Phillips replied . Michael Kane , who was Jackson 's business manager , shared with Phillips that Klein 's office sent him a $ 48,000 bill for Jackson 's frequent visits to his Beverly Hills dermatology clinic in the months before his death . Klein 's invoice said Jackson had been treated with Restalyne , Botox and unidentified drug injections , Kane wrote to Phillips . "  There were a lot of bills for injections , I did n't know what it was , " Phillips said in his deposition before the trial . Klein or his staff injected Jackson with 6,500 milligrams of Demerol during the last three months of his life , according to documents and testimony at Murray 's criminal trial . "  Since we owe him $ 48K and he wants payment , maybe I should stop paying him so he would stop shooting him up , " Kane told Phillips . "  I have the details of what he is doing . " It was unclear why Kane would share Jackson 's medical records with an AEG Live executive since the company 's lawyers insist they were not involved with and did not pry into Jackson 's health care . Phillips ' testimony differs from CNN interview Phillips met with Jackson , Dr. Murray and show director Kenny Ortega on June 20 , 2009 , after production manager John "  Bugzee " Houghdahl sent an e-mail to producers titled "  trouble at the Front . " "  I have watched him deteriorate in front of my eyes over the last 8 weeks . He was able to do multiple 360 spins back in April . He 'd fall on his ass if he tried now , " Houghdahl wrote about Jackson . Ortega sent Jackson home from a rehearsal the night before because of his strange behavior . "  He was a basket case and Kenny was concerned he would embarrass himself on stage , or worse yet -- get hurt , " Houghdahl wrote . "  The company is rehearsing right now , but the DOUBT is pervasive . " Phillips ' testimony about the meeting this week contradicts what he told CNN 's Don Lemon in 2010 , just before the first anniversary of Jackson 's death . He testified Monday that it was a "  highly charged situation " because of producers ' concerns about Jackson 's readiness for the show just three weeks away , although he downplayed the drama in the CNN interview . Contrary to the production manager 's e-mail , Phillips told CNN there was no concern about Jackson 's dancing . "  You know , there was very little to worry about him performing . " "  Kenny felt that Michael was taking this show a little too nonchalantly , " Phillips told CNN . Phillips testified Monday that the meeting with Dr. Murray and Jackson -- which he called "  an intervention " in an e-mail -- was called to find out what was wrong with Jackson . But in the CNN interview , Phillips denied it was AEG Live who wanted Murray to be there . "  Michael brought him , " he said . "  That was Michael 's choice . He brought Dr. Murray into the meeting . " "  I did n't invite Dr. Murray into the meeting , " Phillips said in response to a follow up question by Lemon . "  Michael brought Dr. Murray into the meeting . " "  Why would Jackson feel he needed his doctor to meet with the concert promoters ? " Lemon asked . "  Because he was using Dr. Murray like he would a manager or a representative , " Phillips said . "  He wanted him to speak for him . " "  Did that seem odd to you ? " Lemon asked . "  No , nothing seems odd in Michael world , " he said . CNN 's Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	Randy Phillips is on the witness stand for a fifth day in the Jackson wrongful death trial Jackson 's family says AEG Live is liable in the death because of its ties to Dr. Conrad Murray Murray was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death AEG Live says Jackson controlled Murray and it did n't know Jackson abused drugs
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A judge declared a mistrial in the murder case against music legend Phil Spector after a jury announced for the second time in eight days that it was hopelessly deadlocked . Phil Spector did not testify at his five-month murder trial . The jury said it was split 10-2 . The jury deliberated for 12 days , taking six ballots , but was unable to reach a unanimous verdict . Jurors told Superior Court Judge Larry Paul Fidler they were split 10-2 , without indicating which way they were leaning . They added there was nothing Fidler could do to help them arrive at a unanimous verdict . Fidler discharged the nine men and three women , thanking them for their service . Watch what the jurors have to say " Spector went on trial in April , charged with second-degree murder in the shooting death of B-movie queen Lana Clarkson after a night out in the clubs of Hollywood . The judge told attorneys to return to his Los Angeles , California , courtroom on October 3 to discuss the next legal move . Spector , 67 , did not take the witness stand at the trial . Deliberations were arduous , entering the third week on Monday . Last week , jurors received new instructions on the law and were told to start over after the foreman declared the panel was deadlocked 7-5 . The jury 's inability to reach a verdict capped a five-month trial that played like a Hollywood film noir classic -- with a twist of the bizarre . A 6-foot-tall , blue-eyed blonde with a toothpaste commercial smile , Clarkson was known for her roles in "  Barbarian Queen " and "  Amazon Women on the Moon . " But at 40 the parts were few and far between and she had taken a $ 9-an-hour job as a VIP hostess at the House of Blues in Hollywood . Spector invented the "  wall of sound " in the 1960s and worked with the Beatles , Ike and Tina Turner and other acts . Normally reclusive , Spector had spent a rare night out on the town , found Clarkson at the House of Blues at closing time and invited her home for a drink in the wee hours of February 3 , 2003 . After initially turning him down , she agreed to accompany him , according to testimony . Hours later , police were summoned to Spector 's mansion in Alhambra , a suburb of Los Angeles . The diminutive music producer had wandered into the driveway in the predawn and told his Brazilian-born chauffeur , "  I think I killed somebody , " according to the driver 's testimony . Clarkson was found inside , slumped in a chair in the foyer . She had been shot in the mouth . A .38 - caliber Colt Special revolver lay at her feet . It appeared someone had attempted to clean up the blood with a diaper found in the guest bathroom . Spector 's attorneys argued that Clarkson was depressed over a recent breakup , grabbed the gun and took her own life . But prosecution witnesses painted Spector as a gun-toting menace , with five women telling harrowing tales on the witness stand of the music producer threatening them with firearms . Spector 's driver testified he heard a loud noise and saw the producer leave the home , pistol in hand , saying , "  I think I killed somebody . " At issue was whether Spector pulled the trigger -- or whether Clarkson did . In photos projected on a large screen , the gruesome crime scene resembled a set decorated for a horror film . In all , 77 witnesses testified and more than 600 pieces of evidence were submitted . The evidence cart wheeled into the jury room was piled high with exhibits . The jury even toured the scene of the alleged crime . The experts ' testimony differed widely on what the physical evidence showed . Prosecutors pointed to the leopard print purse slung over Clarkson 's shoulder as evidence she was trying to leave when she was shot . The defense argued that blood-spatter evidence on the white women 's jacket Spector wore showed he was standing too far away to place the gun in Clarkson 's mouth . Spector hired and fired a who 's who of legal talent for his defense . High profile defense attorneys who have left the case include Leslie Abramson and Bruce Cutler . He also changed hairstyles several times during the trial , and wore flamboyant clothing , including frock coats and pastel-colored ties and pocket handkerchiefs . E-mail to a friend	Judge to meet with lawyers next week to discuss options Actress found dead at music legend 's home Prosecutors said Spector shot Lana Clarkson when she tried to leave Defense said Clarkson shot herself in the mouth
CNN  -- Apple , as the reports go , is working on a "  smart watch , " although the secretive company wo n't say anything about it , of course . So , after months of speculation , what does its chief rival in the mobile world do ? Announce that it definitely is working on a smart watch . Lee Young Hee , executive vice president of Samsung 's mobile business , said as much during an interview in South Korea , where the company is based . And he said it 's not a knee-jerk reaction to Apple 's rumored plans . "  We 've been preparing the watch product for so long , " Lee told Bloomberg . "  We are working very hard to get ready for it . We are preparing products for the future , and the watch is definitely one of them . " He did not give any details on when the watch may be released , what features it will have or how much it will cost . With its Galaxy S line of smartphones , Samsung has become the first competitor to provide a real challenge to the dominant iPhone . While Apple 's iconic phone remains the single-most popular mobile device -- the release of the iPhone 5 led to a record sales quarter and was the most popular of the 75 million devices running Apple 's iOS system that were sold in those three months -- Samsung moved into a solid second place with its Galaxy S III . The S III outsold the iPhone 4S during the third quarter of last year before the iPhone 5 's release , and the company announced last week that the Galaxy S4 is on its way . Now the companies seem poised to go head-to-head again in what appears to be an emerging market -- wearable tech . Nike 's fitness-oriented FuelBand has led the charge . But few new products have captured the imagination of the tech-minded such as Google Glass , an eyewear-like headset that offers augmented-reality images as well as basic smartphone-like features . The device is due later this year and has started popping up on the faces of field testers . Then there is Pebble , the smartwatch that raked in about $ 8 million on Kickstarter and has begun shipping to backers . But will there be a market for these devices outside of early-adopter technophiles and loyalists who will scoop up any new product their favorite company creates ? Early signs say the public might need a little more information first . According to an unscientific survey of users by mobile deals site BuyVia , 26 % of respondents said they were interested in buying a rumored iWatch , 38 % said they were not interested and more than a third , 36 % , said they were n't sure .  The survey was conducted before Samsung confirmed it 's in the game as well . The top five features respondents said they 'd like to see in a watch were e-mail and texting , phone calls , GPS , Wi-Fi and weather updates . "  While consumers are seemingly divided about their desire to own the rumored Apple iWatch , it 's fascinating that the most desired features for the watch mirror popular iPhone capabilities , " said BuyVia CEO Norman Fong . "  It 's as though consumers are only interested in a watch that offers everything the smartphone does , only in a more convenient ` package . ' What they seem to crave is a way to more easily access iPhone features everywhere they go . "	Samsung says it plans to make a "  smart watch " Company executive says watch has been in development a long time , report says News comes amid reports Apple also plans to make a watch If true , rivals would face off in growing wearable-tech market
CNN  -- I was in Atlanta when I first learned of a controversy over an inscription marking the new Martin Luther King Jr. . National Memorial in Washington . The quote on one side of the granite "  Stone of Hope " reads , "  I was a drum major for justice , peace and righteousness . " In an interview with The Washington Post , poet Maya Angelou argued that these were not King 's exact words and that , out of context , they made a humble preacher look like "  an arrogant twit . " Angelou expressed no concern with 14 other quotations from King that appear on a 450-foot-long memorial behind his statue . By coincidence , this news found me as I began research for a book on the power of short writing . I 've learned that we often use the shortest texts to express the most important messages , especially to honor and enshrine . Twitter did not invent short writing . From tattoos to gravestones to the base of monuments , we choose words with special care because we want them to last forever . In a short text , every word counts . But with concision can come the loss of context . The overwhelming impression of the new memorial derives , not from language , but from sculpture . Even small photos of the new statue make King look monumental . He stands 30 feet tall , strong and determined , arms folded , looking as if he just marched out of the huge block of stone behind him . Memorial to be dedicated Sunday In the presence of such powerful imagery , why the argument over a single sentence ? Angelou 's concerns were echoed by other African-American scholars and leaders , who argued the 10 words on the monument base have been ripped from their original context and meaning . In a sermon at Atlanta 's Ebenezer Baptist Church , just months before his death in 1968 , King preached , "  Yes , if you want to say that I was a drum major , say that I was a drum major for justice . Say that I was a drum major for peace . I was a drum major for righteousness . And all the other shallow things will not matter . " In context , the word "  if " makes all the difference . Without that opening conditional clause , it does seem that King is embracing the role of drum major rather than acquiescing to it . I did not understand , until I visited Florida A&M University and other historically black colleges and universities , the importance of the drum major in African-American culture . The drum major is a white American icon , too , of course , flamboyant even by the strait-laced Midwestern standards of Meredith Wilson 's "  The Music Man . " Translated by famous black college marching bands , as pictured in the 2002 film "  Drumline , " flamboyance transforms itself into soulful spectacle . To get a feel for the presence and status of drum majors , check out YouTube videos of auditions for that honored position . In addition to musical and leadership skills , the drum major must be able to strut , dance , spin , prance and perform backbreaking bends and splits -- without missing a beat . At the Poynter Institute where I work , marble plaques in a central garden offer students inspirational sayings . Famous writing teacher Donald Murray quotes the Roman poet Horace : "  Nulla Dies Sine Linea , " Latin for "  Never a Day Without a Line " of writing . The engraver , not schooled in Latin , left out the word "  Sine "  without  , leaving us with dead-language gibberish that could be taken to mean the opposite of the original . "  Oh well , " I said when I saw the mistake , "  at least it 's not carved in stone . " When we use the phrase "  carved in stone , " we denote something permanent , irreversible , unchangeable . But it ai n't necessarily so . Ignoring my suggestion that we copy-edit the marble text with a magic marker , my boss ordered a corrected version of Murray 's quote . Everything I 've learned about the language of enshrinement suggests that the inscription on the King monument should be revised . It need not be changed right away or in a way that would embarrass those who chose the original . Any revision should grow from a desire to perfect for posterity a magisterial work that springs from the noblest intentions . I know of no written standards for historical inscriptions , but the unwritten ones could come down to these two : 1  Quotes from the dead should never be taken out of context ; 2  Quotations should reveal the honored character in the proper light -- or a better light . The drum major quote fulfills neither of these standards . To restore most of the original context would require the addition of 12 short words : "  If you want to say that I was a drum major , say that . ... " A tighter compromise could be "  If you say I was a drum major , say . ... " At the very least , a single word added to the existing quote would restore a bit of King 's intended meaning : "  Say I was a drum major for peace . ... " Every writer I know has had an editor who , to save space , has cut a passage to the bone . Done well , the meaning can ring clearer with fewer words . Done poorly , something critical to the reader 's understanding is left behind . The problem is serious enough when it occurs on paper or in pixels , even more serious when it 's carved in stone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roy Peter Clark .	Maya Angelou reportedly has objected to a quote inscribed on King momument Roy Peter Clark : The "  drum major for justice " quote was taken out of context Clark says it 's crucial to preserve meaning when words are excerpted King memorial will be dedicated Sunday in Washington
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A man suspected of killing his grandmother and setting her body on fire was returned to Los Angeles , California , after being arrested in Mexico , authorities said Wednesday . Joseph Ettima , 25 , is suspected of murdering his grandmother and burning her body . Joseph Elias George Ettima , 25 , was arrested in the Mexican state of Chiapas on Monday , said Bert Tapia , supervisory deputy for the U.S. Marshal 's Pacific Southwest Regional Fugitive Task Force . He was brought back to Los Angeles late Tuesday night . "  He was homeless , " Tapia said . "  Did n't have much with him , did n't have any identification . " Ettima initially claimed to be from Belize , Tapia said . When authorities were unable to verify that , he then said he was Nigerian . But officials were able to determine he was actually from California , where he was sought in the January 19 death of his 69-year-old grandmother , Emma Hardwick-Street , in the Orange County town of Los Alamitos . After allegedly killing Hardwick-Street , authorities believe Ettima set fire to her body and house to cover up the crime before fleeing . "  The crime is particularly heinous in that two young children were in the home at the time of the murder and witnessed the event , " according to a U.S. Marshal 's statement . Two of Hardwick-Street 's grandchildren , ages 8 and 3 , were present at the time of her slaying , according to Los Alamitos police . The 8-year-old was Ettima 's younger brother , according to the U.S. Marshals wanted poster on Ettima . Police are not releasing how Hardwick-Street died , said Los Alamitos Police Capt. Bruce McAlpine . CNN affiliate KTLA reported she was stabbed . Twelve people were initially displaced by the fire in Hardwick-Street 's apartment building , police said . According to the U.S. Marshals ' wanted poster on Ettima , the suspect 's 8-year-old brother witnessed the slaying . A 3-year-old girl was also present , according to the Orange County Register . Authorities said Ettima had recently been paroled from prison and had "  a long criminal history of violence with weapons . " The history includes robbery , weapons possession , manufacturing of weapons and indecent exposure , according to a February statement from U.S. Marshals . Los Alamitos police asked the U.S. Marshals task force for assistance the day after Hardwick-Street was killed , and the federal authorities put Ettima on their 15 Most Wanted fugitives list in February . U.S. Marshals , working with Los Alamitos police and Mexican authorities , were able to match Ettima 's description to that of the man in custody in Mexico , authorities said . In addition to the homicide charge , Ettima was wanted on charges of robbery , arson , child endangerment and parole violation . "  Ettima has a long history of violence , and his latest crime demonstrates a callous disregard for human life that is unimaginable , " said John F. Clark , director of the U.S. Marshals Service , in the Wednesday statement . "  Capturing him was one of our highest priorities . " Ettima 's arrest "  is the first step in bringing justice to the victim and those affected by this brutal crime , " said Los Alamitos Police Chief Todd Mattern . "  Ettima 's capture provides a sense of security to the community and brings closure to the victim 's family . " Nearly 110,000 fugitive felons were apprehended last year by U.S. Marshals task forces , nine of them from the agency 's 15 Most Wanted List , the statement said . Four were arrested in Mexico .	Joseph Elias George Ettima , 25 , was arrested by authorities in Mexico Ettima is accused of killing his 69-year-old grandmother and then burning her body Two children witnessed the slaying in January in Los Alamitos , California Los Alamitos Police Chief says the capture provides a "  sense of security "
CNN  -- A former U.S. Army officer has been charged with passing information relating to nuclear weapons and other military secrets to his Chinese girlfriend , the Justice Department said . Benjamin Bishop , 59 , was arrested Friday at work and appeared in federal court in Honolulu on Monday . He was formally charged with "  willfully communicating national defense information to a person not entitled to receive such information . " Court documents identified the woman as a 27-year-old Chinese citizen . Her name was not disclosed and she has not been charged . She was in the United States legally on a student visa , authorities said . Court documents do not accuse the woman of spying , but an affidavit notes that Bishop met her at a conference in Hawaii where she may have been attempting to target individuals with access to classified information . Investigators say Bishop began a romantic relationship with her in June 2011 and sought to hide it from authorities . Bishop , who had top-secret clearance , is also charged with unlawfully retaining classified documents in his home . He will remain in custody pending a detention hearing on Friday . If convicted , Bishop faces up to 20 years in prison . "  The arrest of Mr. Bishop is just the first step in what is going to be a long process and we are actively continuing the investigation to determine the roles of all those involved in this case , " U.S. Attorney Florence Nakakuni said . Bishop 's court-appointed lawyer , Birney Bervar , said the charges were devastating for her client . "  He has served his country honorably for 29 years and he maintains he would never do anything to intentionally harm the United States , " Bervar said . Government officials said Bishop had been in the Army reserves but was activated for about three years before being hired by a contractor . After becoming suspicious of his activities , federal agents conducted wiretaps , physical and electronic surveillance , and searches of Bishop 's home . Authorities would not comment on the extent of potential damage to national security , but said the information involved "  related to nuclear weapons , information on planned deployment of U.S. strategic nuclear systems , information on the ability of the U.S. to detect low and medium-range ballistic missiles of foreign governments , and information on the deployment of U.S. early warning radar systems in the Pacific Rim . "	Contractor allegedly gave information to 27-year-old woman he met at a conference Benjamin Bishop charged with passing military secrets relating to nuclear weapons Bishop 's lawyer says the charges are devastating . says he would n't harm the United States Authorities are not calling the woman a spy , but may have been targeting secret information
CNN  -- She was dubbed "  The Assassin " after winning gold at the London 2012 Olympics , but Kaori Matsumoto prefers to be known as "  Beast . " Her coach , however , says she is more like Peter Pan -- and the judo star herself claims she once saw a fairy like Tinker Bell . A self-confessed lover of junk food , Matsumoto is far from your average athlete -- and she is breaking new ground in a most traditional sport that was founded in her native Japan in the late 1800s . "  No-one like her has won the Olympics before , " Harumi Nakahashi , Matsumoto 's coach at the Four Leaf Japan Judo Club , told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  So I think she has made a new history in the world of judo . And for kids who practice judo , they do n't have to be pushed into certain stereotypes anymore now that they have Matsumoto who has broken those barriers . " Matsumoto , who turned 26 last month , earned her nickname not just for the ferocity of her fighting style , but also because of its unfettered natural instincts . "  There are tons of players in Japan who are better at judo than me , but the one thing that I can beat them at is my spirit , " she says . "  I tend to go with just my spirit only , so my technique lags behind . My judo is sloppy compared to others ' . "  I just go with the feel . I 'm often called ` beast ' because I stay natural , and wild , I think . I just follow what the instinct tells me . It 's just like how people put up an umbrella when rain starts . I just naturally react to the flow of that situation . " Japan has traditionally dominated judo since its first appearance at the 1964 Olympics in Tokyo , though it was not until 1992 that women were able to compete for medals . "  A judoka like her is unique in a female , " Nakahashi says of Matsumoto , who at London 2012 became the first Japanese woman to win gold in the 57-kilogram class . "  She has a girlish side to her , but she is more like Peter Pan , with a heart of a young boy . She has something really pure about her . " Matsumoto is from Kanazawa , the coastal capital of Ishikawa Prefecture which is also bordered by the Japanese Alps . "  I used to live where there were lots of bugs and forests and nature , " she recalls . Having started judo at the age of six , by junior high school she was traveling the world as a national representative . "  My mother said , ` You 're lucky you can go to so many different worlds . ' So I promised her , ' I will take you there . ' "  In the beginning it was that I just did n't like losing , but when I thought I want to take my parents to other countries for the matches , when the goals that were only mine started involving other people , I became stronger . " Nakahashi says Matsumoto 's family "  support her in a way that 's invisible to the eye -- they support her soul . " And that attitude has helped her respect not only her teammates , but her rivals too . "  Japanese judo is very high level , so it is hard to become the representative . And once I do become the representative , that means I am representing all my rivals , so I carry everyone 's emotions to my Games , " she says . Matsumoto was not only Japan 's first female victor in her weight category , she was also the only one of the judo team to win a title at London 2012 as well as her country 's first of seven gold medalists at that Olympics . "  It was fun , but all other emotions were mixed because many of my teammates lost , " she says . "  It was something more than frustration . The two players who had lost their matches before me still came by to cheer me up . I was touched by how amazing they were , and then the feeling of respect to them was stronger than frustration  towards the losses  . "  I fought my match holding the respect to them , thinking I would never forget their existence . " For Matsumoto , judo is a microcosm of what it means to be Japanese -- from the bow at the start of a fight , to the acknowledgement at the end . "  Judo 's philosophy -- to start with a propriety and end with a propriety -- is Japanese spirit itself , so I think judo is something that expresses the true Japanese-ness , " she says . While there are many ways of scoring points in the sport , the ultimate goal is to achieve "  Ippon " -- a decisive move which ends a contest . "  If you win perfectly by Ippon , your opponent can be convinced that it was a perfect throw and she had lost . It is accepting your defeat . I think that 's beautiful , because that 's accepting yourself and your weakness . " Matsumoto admits one of her weaknesses is her diet , which she is trying to change in order to stop a long series of injuries to most parts of her body  "  My arm , my nose , my fingers , and my elbow ... also my medial ligament , both my ankles . " "  Recently I 've been eating a lot of organic food and stuff like that . Organic vegetables are a little expensive , but what you eat comes back around to you , " she says . "  I have a really unbalanced diet , and I like sodas , coke , ice cream , snacks and chocolates and everything like that , but I 'm trying to stay away as much as possible . I 'm trying to control myself . " Injuries are part of life as a judoka , and Matsumoto says they provide important lessons . "  I broke my finger during the world championships , but the message then was that I was doing a judo that just pressed forward without even looking at my opponent , " explains the fighter , who went from fifth in the world in 2009 to champion the following year . "  My fighting spirit was bare and raw and it lacked a cool mind , so I understood that the bare fighting spirit was not good enough . I learned through my injury that I have to have a cool mind along with my hot spirit . " However , Matsumoto 's mind is clearly a curious thing -- as evidenced by her admission that she believes she once saw a fairy . "  In Japan we have tea made out of barley , and we have it in this big bucket during training which everyone can drink out of . And one time from that bucket , a tiny person this size -- like Tinker Bell without the wings -- came out and flew away . "  But that was only that time and I have n't seen any since . It just simply strayed in and then left so that it wo n't be found by humans . " While Matsumoto is aiming to defend her title at Rio 2016 , an appearance at her home Olympics in Tokyo four years later may be a less likely dream -- but not for younger generations of judo hopefuls . "  There are many children who do n't have a dream in Japan . I did n't have a dream when I was in elementary school , so I painfully understand the anxiety to that , " she says . "  But by watching sports together through the Olympic Games , we can share our dreams with the children . And the more children share those dreams , the more they will be able to have their own . " While Matsumoto did n't have any particular goal -- judo was so entrenched in her life from early on that she could n't imagine doing anything else -- there was one recurring thought in her mind . "  I used to wonder what it would be like if every single person in the world smiles at once . " Smile , and the whole world smiles with you -- even if you 're a "  beast . "	Kaori Matsumoto is the first Japanese woman judoka to win Olympic gold in 57 kg division She was the only member of Japan 's judo team to claim a title at London 2012 One of her coaches describes her as being "  like Peter Pan , with a heart of a young boy " Matsumoto is known for fighting with her "  wild " spirit rather than technique
CNN  -- Well humans , it 's been a good ride , but after being eviscerated by IBM 's supercomputer Watson on "  Jeopardy! , " it 's probably time to pack up the truck and let the machines inherit the Earth . Or is it ? Despite Watson 's tremendous performance , the Final Jeopardy question at the end of Tuesday night 's airing revealed the Achilles ' heel that computer scientists have known all along : Watson does n't really "  think " anything , and it struggles with simple questions that most humans can answer without a second thought . Most of the clues on the "  Jeopardy! " board mention proper nouns -- specific places , events , people , songs , books and so on , says Dr. Douglas Lenat , a machine learning pioneer , former Stanford professor of computer science and CEO of Cycorp , a company that develops semantic technologies . "  This gives the Watson algorithm a great deal of ` traction . ' To us viewing the show , it 's impressive if it correctly knows that Franz Schubert 's birth date was January 31 , 1797 . But if that date had been part of the clue , could Watson correctly pick out -LSB- Schubert 's -RSB- maternal grandmother 's birth date from a list where only one of the dates was earlier than 1797 ? " We could , because we understand that everyone is younger than their own mother and grandmother , but Watson is unable to understand this , Lenat explained . At the end of the day , Watson is not really conceptualizing a clue 's meaning . It simply number-crunches its way to the right answers by comparing vast amounts of data . This is why it dominates the "  fill in the blank " knowledge clues  Aeolic , spoken in ancient times , was a dialect of this  , but falters on some more "  common sense " deductions . The biggest blunder was in the first game 's Final Jeopardy round . Lenat broke down IBM 's explanation of why Watson guessed "  Toronto ? " to the clue in the category of "  U.S. Cities : " "  Namely , the string ` U.S. ' often appears in articles near the word ` America , ' which appears often near the phrases ` North American ' and ` American League , ' and so on , all the way to the word ` Toronto . ' " As Dave Ferrucci of IBM Research says , this points out the limitations of relying so heavily on statistical reasoning . The result , as in Watson 's case , is akin to a human autistic savant . " "  Jeopardy! " is challenging because the clues are esoteric . No one would watch a battle of common sense . But Lenat notes that a question like "  If a snowman melts and later refreezes , does it turn back into a snowman ? " would be nearly impossible for a statistical reasoning program to tackle . You ca n't answer it by calculating how many times "  snowman " appears next to "  melt " and "  refreeze " in every article and book ever written . Not so hot now , are you Watson ? Last week , I interviewed Stephen Baker , a journalist with unfettered access to Watson 's development at IBM . I asked him about people 's concern that computers with natural language capabilities could replace members of the work force . "  People have good reason to worry about machines supplanting them , " Baker said . "  That 's what technology does . Tractors , forklifts , word-processing software , they all took away jobs . And people , with their creative minds , have used them throughout history to figure out where the next jobs will be . " And like its forebears , Watson 's eventual commercial incarnation will be a tool , not a human replacement . Lenat thinks of Watson or Deep Blue or even the steam-powered hammer that bested John Henry in American folklore as an "  impressive demonstration that a certain task can , despite popular intuition at the time , be performed better by a machine . " Watson 's natural language abilities might make it a good candidate for work in call centers , where it could interpret customers ' needs and direct them to the right information  or people  via conversation . There 's also been discussion of how Watson could be used in medicine to cross reference a patient 's symptoms with compendiums of digitized medical journals and data -- a sort of statistical second opinion to a doctor 's professional experience . But because Watson is only a "  statistical brain , " and not an analytical one , do n't expect to see it managing your HR department or running a daycare facility anytime soon . We 'll still be getting up early and trudging off to do those jobs for the foreseeable future . Thanks for nothing , IBM . Matt Silverman is an editor at Mashable . The opinions expressed in this commentary are his alone .	IBM 's Watson computer does n't really "  think " anything ; it struggles with simple questions Most of the clues on "  Jeopardy! " mention proper nouns -- specific places , events , people Watson 's eventual commercial incarnation will be as a tool , not a human replacement
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A 47-year-old charity worker who says she has never been kissed is now a YouTube sensation after a singing performance that wowed the notoriously harsh talent judge Simon Cowell . The YouTube video of Susan Boyle 's performance has had more than 5 million hits . Susan Boyle , from West Lothian in Scotland , appeared on the television show "  Britain 's Got Talent " last weekend with an inauspicious start . Slightly plump and with short brown curly hair , Boyle stood somewhat uncomfortably in the middle of the stage wearing a gold lace sheath . She told the judges and the audience of the show that she was single , she lived with her cat , Pebbles , and she had never been kissed . "  I 'm trying to be a professional singer , " Boyle asserted , as the audience laughed . "  I 'm going to make that audience rock . " When she added that she wanted to be as famous as Elaine Paige , who 's been called the "  first lady of British musical theater , " some members of the audience snickered and rolled their eyes . But after Boyle sang the first few notes of "  I Dreamed a Dream " from the musical "  Les Miserables , " the audience erupted in wild cheers and applause , and two of the three judges ' jaws dropped . The applause lasted the length of her performance , which ended with the crowd on its feet . Cowell , who also serves as a judge on "  American Idol " and who 's known for his stinging criticism of those he deems to have no talent , said Boyle 's performance was fantastic . "  I knew the minute you walked out on that stage that we were going to hear something extraordinary , " he proclaimed . His fellow judge , Piers Morgan , said it was "  the biggest surprise I have had in three years on this show . " "  When you stood there , with that cheeky grin , and said , ' I want to be like Elaine Paige ' everyone was laughing at you . No one is laughing now . That was stunning . An incredible performance , " Morgan said , adding he was reeling from shock . Amanda Holden , the third judge , had tears in her eyes and described Boyle 's singing as "  a privilege to hear . " A clip of her performance on YouTube.com has had more than 5 million hits , and many fans say they were moved to tears by the story . Boyle said after the show that she felt "  bloody fantastic . " Each of the three judges voted "  yes " to Boyle 's return to the actual competition round of the show . The performance this weekend came during the auditions .	47-year-old British charity worker wows Simon Cowell with singing Clip of Susan Boyle singing has become a YouTube sensation Boyle , from West Lothian , Scotland , said she wanted to be a professional singer
Oakland , California  CNN  -- "  What is it like to bury both of my kids ? " Dinyal New 's voice trails off , unable to continue . She sits in the same pew of her church , listening to the same pastor on the same subject -- the loss of a child . Her two boys , Lee and Lamar , were shot to death , 19 days apart , young victims of Oakland , California 's relentless street violence . With a population of nearly 400,000 , Oakland has long been known as a Bay Area pocket of urban violence . Its proximity to drug corridors and high poverty are fertile breeding grounds for gang violence . Nearby San Francisco and Silicon Valley are routinely named "  Most Innovative Cities in America , " yet Oakland makes it on very different lists with one of the highest gang homicide rates and robbery levels in the country . Last year , Oakland police touted a 28 % drop in murders , the biggest reduction in homicides since 2004 . After two years of rising death tolls , Oakland 's police chief credited the drop in homicides -- from 131 in 2012 to 90 in 2013 -- to the city 's violence reduction strategy which targets the most violent gangs . But because of Oakland 's size , its reduced homicide rate still makes it one of the most dangerous cities in the country , with a murder every four days . After riots , California city gets new police chief New 's youngest son , Lee Weathersby III , died on January 1 , Oakland 's first murder of 2014 . A gunman approached the 13-year-old on New Year 's Eve as he walked home from the Boys and Girls Club , and shot him 28 times . Teachers , family members and others who knew him best say Lee was n't in a gang . The eighth grader loved to play drums in band . Neighbors said Lee was a good boy . He stayed at home playing video games or hung out at the Boys and Girls Club , while his single mother worked as a social worker . It 's unclear why Lee was targeted . Surveillance video turned over to Oakland police shows him walking down the street , his youth apparent in his gait . He was walking home from the bus stop . Usually he called his mom to pick him up , but his cell phone battery had died . On the video , his mother says you can see a gunman approach , carrying a semi-automatic rifle . Minority kids impacted by zero-tolerance laws Dinyal New was at home , watching local news of the aftermath of another shooting in her neighborhood . The report showed video of a gurney being loaded into an ambulance , with the on-screen graphic , "  Teen shot . " She 'd seen it hundreds of times -- just another kid shot in Oakland . Hours later , she rushed to the hospital with her oldest son Lamar where she was called to identify Lee 's body . She looked up at a television in the waiting room and saw the local news report again . This time it hit her : it was Lee in that news report , his body being loaded into the ambulance . "  Thirteen years old . Just a baby , just a baby . " Another son gunned down Lamar Broussard had started straightening out his life after occasional run-ins with the law , including a stint in juvenile detention . The 19-year-old had been taking classes at the local community college . He was close to his younger brother , Lee -- so close that the two still slept together in the same bed . After Lee 's death , Dinyal New worried about Lamar . Her youngest son , who was never in trouble , had clearly been a target . Was it a message to Lamar ? Fearing for her older son 's safety , New asked Lamar to leave Oakland . But with the bravado of youth , Lamar convinced his mother he was safe . After losing Lee , New wanted to get back into a routine , back to her career as a case worker for the homeless , but says she was exhausted by her grief . Then , three days after Lee 's funeral , on January 19 , she asked Lamar to run an errand for her , to pay her cell phone bill . He was two blocks from home when friends started calling her phone . There had been gunfire in the neighborhood , they told her . New ran towards the corner , and spotted the yellow police tape . "  I see my son 's car shot up . And I just broke down crying . " She could n't approach the car . She could see from 20 yards away what had happened . "  The suspect stood on top of the car and just shot into the car . Just shot into the car . " She called Lamar repeatedly from her cell phone . "  He never answered . He never answered . " There was no logic in it , she says , because she already knew in her heart that Lamar was gone . In 19 days , Dinyal New went from a mother of two , to a mother of none . Oakland police will not say whether the murders of Dinyal 's sons are gang-related , but because they are brothers , police say their deaths "  are possibly related . " New 's horror may be extraordinary , but losing a child to gun violence is a common experience in Oakland , says Naomi Harry . "  This city is full of mourning mothers , " she says . Harry 's son was shot on a city bus , coming home from school . He survived . Alicia Waters ' son Jamal Waters was not so lucky . He was shot and killed on Oakland 's streets six years ago . His murder is still unsolved . Burying your child defies the natural order , says Waters . But she says it 's normal in Oakland . "  It 's beyond sickening to me , " says Waters . "  No parent should ever , ever have to bury their kids . Especially like this . This is crazy . I can no longer see mothers bury their kids anymore . I just ca n't . " Waters drops her head , the tears still fresh six years after she buried her son . Trying to make a difference Todd Walker thinks of himself as the mop-up man to Oakland 's violence . He often picks up the bodies of young African-American men lost to gun violence , after the coroner 's work is complete . He plugs the bullet holes with plastic screws so the fluid does n't stain the white satin of the casket , so mothers can see their sons one last time . Walker estimates he 's put a few hundred children , or "  babies " as he calls them , into caskets . He picked up both Lee and Lamar 's bodies on his gurney . "  I 'm tired of it , " says Walker , 52 . "  I 'm the one who sees them firsthand at the coroner 's office . I 'm the one who 's got to identify them right off the top . The mother 's calling you : How does their kid look ? Sometimes ... the kid 's been shot up so bad they ca n't even identify them . It 's real sad . " Walker held Dinyal New 's hand as she picked out her second casket this month . He 's done this hundreds of times -- but still finds himself at a loss for words . "  Ai n't too much you can say to her . It 's horrible . " A life-long East Bay resident , Walker also coaches Pop Warner football for the neighborhood boys . When he started picking up the bodies of the very boys he coached , Walker pledged to try and make a difference . He began inviting children and their parents into the MWJ Mortuary funeral home and walked them through the embalming process . During these tours , in which he hopes to show young people the sober reality of life on the streets , Walker opens up the empty caskets and closes the lid on the children . "  That 's how it ends , " he tells the visitors . His program , which he now calls Restoring Inner City Peace , or R.I.P. , has proven so popular that teachers now invite him to schools . For classroom visits , which can be for children as young as kindergarten , Walker brings body bags and zips the children inside . His message is always the same : There is nothing romantic about guns and street life -- only finality and darkness . "  Gun violence is a regular , everyday thing . There 's shooting everyday . All these kids do not have an education , but they have a gun . And there 's something wrong with that picture . ... To me , the city is failing these kids , " he says . Walker says that even the horror of Dinyal New 's story will fade after Lamar is buried . "  A month or two from now , it 'll be over with , " he says . "  We 'll be talking about something different . That 's how it goes , year after year . " Still , New is trying to make Lamar 's service special . She 's decorating the program in his favorite colors , green and white . She 's asked their god-sister to read at the service . "  I need to bury him right . I need to do a good job , " she says . New can make it through today . The family and the neighborhood will fill the church . She 'll have plenty of support for Lamar 's funeral . But tomorrow ? She 'll be alone .	Dinyal New buried her only two children last month Both sons were shot and killed within three weeks of each other She lives in Oakland , California , one of the most violent cities in the U.S.
CNN  -- A rare tropical disease called Guinea worm is closer to being eradicated , according to former President Jimmy Carter and other experts . There are now only 542 known cases of Guinea worm left worldwide , as of 2012 , representing a 48 % decrease from 2011 , officials said Thursday at a news conference . "  We can not rest until we get and contain the very last case , " said Dr. Donald R. Hopkins , affiliated with the Carter Center in Atlanta , which has been instrumental in the effort to wipe out Guinea worm . The World Health Organization this week said in a report that Guinea worm , also called dracunculiasis , has a global eradication target for the year 2015 . So far , only one disease has reached the status of worldwide eradication since 1980 : smallpox . Guinea worm a greater challenge than smallpox In 1986 , when the Carter Center began leading its international campaign against Guinea worm disease , there were 3.5 million cases in 21 countries . South Sudan has the most known cases today , at 521 , followed by Chad  10  , Mali  7  , and Ethiopia  4  , according to the Carter Center . These are the only four countries that still have transmission of Guinea worm . In Sudan , a war is waged to eradicate the ` fiery serpent ' A main obstacle to eradication is that one case of Guinea worm disease , if not addressed quickly , can spread to hundreds more people , Carter said . Communities that depend chiefly on open water sources like ponds in rural and isolated areas are especially affected , according to the World Health Organization . The disease gets into the body when people drink contaminated water , which contains water fleas that have ingested Guinea worm larvae . The human stomach kills the water fleas , but not the larvae within . Worms can get through the intestinal wall and move around under skin tissues . A patient will develop a painful skin blister , through which a worm will emerge about 10 to 14 months after infection . The worm can be up to three feet long , and looks like a very long spaghetti noodle . When the patient heads to a body of water to try to soothe the fiery pain , the worm deposits more larvae in the water , and the cycle starts over . No vaccines or treatments are available for Guinea worm , but the international effort has made significant strides with health education and encouraging behavior changes . How fight against Guinea worm was won Prevention strategies include filtering drinking water and discouraging people with Guinea worm from wading in water . Water can also be chemically treated with larvicide . While Guinea worm disease does not usually result in death , it is associated with incapacitating pain and secondary bacterial infections . Patients find it difficult to work , farm and function . In a household where a parent has had Guinea worm , toddlers will be less well nourished because the infected parent will have difficulty farming , Hopkins said . Carter recalled Thursday that he first saw people living with Guinea worm in Ghana . He saw a young woman , about 20 , who appeared to be holding a baby . But he discovered that it was not a baby ; it was her right breast , which was swollen because of the disease . The international effort is monitoring about 7,000 villages , Carter said . "  We need to find anyone who has Guinea worm " and "  prevent them from going back to the water source , " he said . In terms of government support from individual countries , South Sudan is most strongly behind the eradication efforts , Hopkins said . In that country , there are about 110 workers on payroll , and some 12,000 unpaid volunteers , Carter said . The program in Mali , however , has not been able to operate fully , or at all , in areas occupied by rebel groups , said Ernesto Ruiz-Tiben , director of the Guinea Worm Eradication Program at the Carter Center . The unrest there has made efforts to stop Guinea worm more difficult . Educating people about Guinea worm has other benefits besides preventing this specific disease , Hopkins said , such as helping people to think more carefully about the water they drink . A clean water supply can help prevent other diseases . Such education efforts also empower local populations , showing them that they can do something to correct their own problems , Carter said . Villagers often want to know how to address other diseases , too . "  The people themselves say , ` How can you help us with other problems ? ' " Carter said . CNN 's Madison Park contributed to this report .	Guinea worm disease cases worldwide have dropped by 48 % in a year The World Health Organization set a target for eradication in 2015 Only smallpox has been eradicated worldwide since 1980
CNN  -- There 's always been something about Margaret Thatcher that makes grown men go weak at the knees , particularly members of the Conservative Party . Perhaps she revives memories of stern schoolmistresses ; perhaps they just grudgingly admired a strong woman telling them what to do . I suspect the same will be true of Meryl Streep 's portrayal of the former British Prime Minister in the new biopic , "  The Iron Lady , " which the consensus appears to view as a pitch-perfect performance , accurately capturing the look , sound and general aura of the United Kingdom 's first female premier . For many , the movie will be a nostalgia trip , whisking viewers back to happier times when politics was politics , there were heated ideological battles and elected leaders actually believed in something . "  The Iron Lady " plays on all of those things , although without explicitly taking sides . There 's no real attempt to analyze whether she was right or wrong during any highlighted episode . So we witness Mrs Thatcher taking on striking miners in the mid-1980s , taking on the Argentinians to recover the Falkland Islands early in her premiership , and -- the most consistent theme of all -- taking on the British Establishment to reach to top of what Disraeli called "  the greasy pole " of politics in the first place . Review : "  The Iron Lady " Biopics naturally simplify -- how else could an eventful career be crammed into just over 100 minutes of celluloid ? But the essence of the Thatcher years are certainly there and besides , the collective memory of that turbulent decade is also simplistic and broad brush . A nuanced analysis of Thatcher 's economic record would hardly have kept the box office busy . That said the screenplay takes few serious liberties with historical fact . Mrs Thatcher 's political love-in with the then US President Ronald Reagan is covered , albeit briefly , as is her attempted assassination by the IRA in 1984 . The leadership crisis that ended her premiership in 1990 also features , as one might expect in a biopic . Thatcher , of course , remains a deeply divisive figure in the UK -- not least in parts of northern England and Scotland -- so movie audiences , like the country at large , will be divided . Maggie fans will glean reassuring glimpses of what made her great in their eyes , while those who remember her less fondly will no doubt come away with their prejudices safely intact . Gallery : "  The Iron Lady " and other political biopics But for the generation or so of moviegoers who have no direct memory of the events covered in the film , their perception of Mrs Thatcher -- her legacy and beliefs -- will undoubtedly be highly informed by "  The Iron Lady . " Although not really "  political " in that it offers few judgments , Streep 's performance is nevertheless useful historical propaganda for a Conservative Party grappling with many of the same issues today . More interesting will be the reaction to the depiction of Baroness Thatcher 's dementia , first  publicly  revealed by her daughter Carol a few years ago . Although it has often been mentioned in the press , few in the UK are directly aware of its extent and will probably be shocked at Streep 's nuanced portrait of the Iron Lady displaying more than a little mental rust . It 's almost a taboo subject , looking back on Mrs Thatcher 's political career through the eyes of an obviously frail old lady . How would an American audience have reacted to such a portrayal of Ronald Reagan in his dotage ? I suspect not at all well . Political activists prefer to remember their heroes -- and heroines -- in their prime . Older members of the Conservative Party often indulge in the wistful refrain : "  If only Maggie was still leader of the party . " They do so because they find the thought comforting , secure in the knowledge that with a click of her heel and a firm handbagging she would sort out all the old enemies . In that respect , "  The Iron Lady " will probably bring tears to some veteran Tory eyes .	David Torrance : Margaret Thatcher biopic "  The Iron Lady " a nostalgia trip The movie shows Thatcher as PM in the 1980s , and as a frail elderly woman , suffering from dementia Torrance : 1980s were a time "  when politics was politics and elected leaders actually believed in something " He says "  The Iron Lady " may prove "  useful propaganda " for the Conservative Party
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Jurors in the murder trial of Philadelphia abortion doctor Kermit Gosnell ended their first day of deliberations , Tuesday without a verdict . Deliberations will resume Wednesday morning . Gosnell , 72 , is accused of killing babies by using scissors to cut their spinal cords . Authorities allege that some of the infants were born alive and viable during the sixth , seventh and eighth months of pregnancy . Gosnell originally faced first-degree murder charges in the deaths of seven babies and a count of third-degree murder in the death of Karnamaya Mongar , 41 . Mongar died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion . Judge Jeffrey Minehart threw out three of the seven first-degree murder charges last week . Gosnell also is charged with conspiracy , abortion at 24 or more weeks of pregnancy , theft , corruption of minors , solicitation and other related offenses . He has pleaded not guilty . On Monday , defense attorney Jack McMahon gave an impassioned , 2 1/2 - hour closing argument disputing the prosecution 's evidence , claiming that none of the infants was killed ; rather , he said , they were already dead as a result of Gosnell administering the drug Digoxin , which can cause abortion . McMahon , stalking the jury box , accused prosecutors of "  the most extraordinary hype and exaggeration in the history of the criminal justice system , " even adding that they are "  elitist " and "  racist . " Gosnell , who is African-American , has been accused by authorities of preying on low-income , minority women . McMahon argued that Gosnell offered access to health care for people who were poor and without health insurance . On Tuesday , Minehart spent just over 90 minutes giving the jurors their instructions . Jurors appeared to listen intently ; Gosnell took notes , and attorneys watched the jury box . After retiring for deliberations , the jury sent back questions regarding one of the names of a patient and wanted the definition of "  theft by deception . " The judge also tossed out all five abuse-of-corpse charges for storing the feet of aborted fetuses in plastic containers . Minehart dismissed one count of infanticide , the intentional killing of an infant . Gosnell also is accused of reusing unsanitary instruments ; performing procedures in filthy rooms , including some in which litter boxes and animals allegedly were present at the time ; and allowing unlicensed employees -- including a teenage high school student -- to perform operations and administer anesthesia . Nine others who worked in the west Philadelphia medical office , including Gosnell 's wife and sister-in-law , also were charged . Eight have pleaded guilty . Also on trial is co-defendant Eileen O'Neill , 56 , who worked as a doctor at the Women 's Medical Society . O'Neill , who is a medical school graduate , is charged with participating in the operation of a "  corrupt organization " and "  theft by deception " for operating without a license to practice medicine . Meanwhile , a gag order preventing attorneys or the jury from speaking to the media remains in place . If he is found guilty of first-degree murder , Gosnell , who is not a board-certified obstetrician or gynecologist , could be sentenced to death . CNN 's David Ariosto contributed to this report .	NEW : Deliberations will resume Wednesday morning The defense argued prosecutors used "  hype and exaggeration " Kermit Gosnell , 72 , faces murder counts in the deaths of four infants and one patient If found guilty , he could face the death penalty
Chicago , Illinois  CNN  -- The four people found dead this week in a suburban Chicago home were the victims of a murder-suicide , a coroner said . A man , a woman and two boys were found dead Wednesday in a house in Addison , Illinois , west of Chicago , according to the DuPage County coroner 's office . A statement from the coroner 's office identified the four as Thomas Mangiantini , 48 , his wife Elizabeth , 46 , and the couple 's two sons , Angelo , 12 , and Thomas , 8 . The deaths of Elizabeth Mangiantini and the two children were called homicides in the coroner 's report . Thomas Mangiantini 's manner of death was ruled a suicide , the report said . Police received a 911 call from a woman at 6:30 a.m. CT Wednesday , according to CNN affiliate WGN-TV in Chicago . When officers arrived at the scene , they found a female dead downstairs in the house and the bodies of three males upstairs , according to WGN . A spokesman for the Addison Police Department declined to give more information Friday .	Coroner says four are victims of murder-suicide in Addison , Illinois , house Bodies of married couple and two sons found after 911 call in suburban Chicago Father 's death a suicide , others homicides , coroner says
Joe Kaczmarek 's police scanner pops to life with chatter just before midnight . Moments later , "  Kaz , " as he 's known , is rushing to the scene of a robbery near the Temple University campus alongside fellow veteran photojournalist Jim MacMillan . By the time they arrive , the 20-year-old robbery victim has been taken to the hospital with a gunshot wound to the back . Kaz snatches two cameras from the back seat of his car and jumps into the street . He is roving around the crime tape like a caged lion , snapping photographs as police take away two men in handcuffs . Standing nearby , MacMillan thumbs away at his smartphone , updating Twitter : "  On shooting scene at 17 & C.B.Moore in North Philadelphia now . " Kaz and MacMillan co-founded GunCrisis.org to help curb gun violence plaguing what is supposed to be the City of Brotherly Love . "  I want to put the audience out there in the streets , " Kaz said . "  I want them to see what I 'm seeing every night in this city : The children watching crime scene investigations night after night , day after day . Anything to disrupt this , marginally disrupt this , we consider a success . " After the July 20 shooting massacre in Aurora , Colorado , GunCrisis estimates there have been at least 55 gunshot victims in Philadelphia , and that number is rising . Related story : Have gun control opinions shifted after Aurora ? So far this year , the city has seen more than 210 murders . A rate approaching the level set in 2007 , when the city saw more than a murder a day and earned its nickname Kila-delphia . At GunCrisis , an open-source interactive journalism project launched in March , the goal is to avoid becoming entangled in gun control debates or in drafting new legislation , MacMillan said . Instead , they try to bring people together to find solutions to the epidemic of homicide by gunfire in Philadelphia . "  Turning around the gun violence epidemic is a tall order , " MacMillan said . "  It 's going to take heroic action , but our cities are full of heroes . We 've done this before , and we can do it again . It 's not going to go on forever . And the harder we work the sooner we 'll put an end to this violence . " Until 2008 MacMillan was a senior photographer and photo-columnist at the Philadelphia Daily News , where he worked since 1991 . The Pulitzer Prize-winning photojournalist , who now teaches journalism , got the idea for the project after viewing a documentary called "  The Interrupters " during a trauma journalism conference . The film follows "  violence interrupters " in Chicago who intervene in conflicts before they turn deadly . The small volunteer team at GunCrisis wants to shake things up -- and interrupt the violence -- by chronicling the daily gunfire . "  We believe a coordinated response can lead to a vast reduction in violence , and we want to play a part in that , " MacMillan said . There 's another radio call , and the pair race across town . "  I have a bad feeling about this , " MacMillan says to Kaz over the static on the police scanner . A man was shot at least 12 times on a residential block in South Philly . Police , who initially heard the shots , rushed him to the hospital where he died a short time later . It 's a warm summer night , and law enforcement officers are talking loudly over the hum of window air conditioners . Flashlights flicker , shedding some light on the dark street where a police crime scene unit documents evidence . In just two hours , at least four people had been shot in separate incidents in the city . "  This is a project that I believe in . The city gives us no break . There 's an abundance of opportunities to report , unfortunately , " said Kaz , an independent photojournalist whose work has been featured in The New York Times , Washington Post , Time magazine and USA Today . Philadelphia had 324 homicides last year . Arguments are the leading motive for murder , and blacks make up 85 % of the homicide victims , according to police data . Blaming a weak economy , a crumbling public school system and dysfunctional family units , Chuck Williams , director of the Center for the Prevention of School-Aged Violence at Drexel University , said residents are desperate and come from a culture where they learn the way to handle an argument is with a gun . "  This is a people problem , not a government problem , " said Williams , a Drexel education professor who works with educators and youth to prevent school fights , shootings and cyberbullying . "  I see so much hopelessness and despair . A broken child comes from a broken home , with few exceptions . " Philadelphia successfully attacked the gun crisis in the late 1990s because law enforcement , residents and religious leaders worked together , Williams said , adding that once the body count went down people went back to their lives . "  We have n't reached a critical point  again  when the communities and stakeholders have decided that this a major issue that needs to be addressed , " he said . "  Instead of whining , we need to put a call out to every caring adult to spend one hour a week with a child in need . It 's all hands on deck . We can change this . " Out of the nation 's 10 largest cities , Philadelphia -- population 1.5 million -- has the worst homicide rate , with around 20 killings per 100,000 people , according to the FBI 's Uniform Crime Reports . Next on the list are Chicago and Houston . But Philadelphia 's homicide rate pales in comparison with less-populated U.S. cities , including New Orleans -- which has 49.1 homicides per 100,000 people , St. Louis with 40.5 and Baltimore with 34.8 , according to FBI data from 2010 . Overall , the U.S. homicide rate is 6.9 times higher than other industrialized countries , and American homicides account for 80 % of worldwide firearms deaths , according to a Journal of Trauma analysis of World Health Organization statistics for 2003 . "  It 's costing all of us . Whether it 's immediately in front of your face or it 's several miles away in another community . We are all connected , and it 's affecting all of us , " Kaz said . The city introduced new crime-fighting measures at the end of January , including a $ 20,000 reward for information that leads to solving homicides and $ 500 for locating illegal guns . Funding has been beefed up for a witness assistance program and increased police presence . But , so far , the mayhem has n't let up . Mayor Michael Nutter has made it clear that the city is waging an all-out war against violent criminals . "  If you want to act like an idiot , if you want to be an a-hole , if you want to be a low-life in this town , we will track you down like the dog that you are , " Nutter told CNN affiliate KYW in February . MacMillan spends most of his time maintaining the group 's website , researching solutions and grassroots organizations and meeting with city officials . Kaz spends his nights at crime scenes . GunCrisis recently hosted a roundtable discussion with the members of Philadelphia 's City Council . In attendance was Councilman Curtis Jones Jr. , who said he was appalled by the city 's body count . "  If 200 whales washed up on the shores of New Jersey , every scientist and biologist would come to find out why this was happening . But when it comes to 200 urban kids dying , nobody cares , " Jones said . "  It 's a new normal , and it 's not acceptable . A Philadelphia native , Jones said he 's saddened by the violence and lack of uniform action . "  We need more hands in this , more ideas and more resources , " he said . "  Welcome to the struggle . " GunCrisis is committed because lives depend on finding a solution , MacMillan said . "  What happens next ? We elevate the discourse . We bring people together . We build a movement . We stop the killing , " he said . That 's a major challenge for a city where murder has become routine .	Photojournalists launch website to fight Philadelphia gun violence GunCrisis.org posts crime scene photos to raise awareness Of the most populated U.S. cities , Philadelphia has highest murder rate Councilman : "  When it comes to 200 urban kids dying , nobody cares . "
New Zealand is set to become the one of the latest nations to allow same-sex marriage after the country 's Parliament passed a bill legalizing the practice Wednesday . Parliament voted 77-44 on the bill 's third reading , which is the penultimate step to enact laws in New Zealand . The final step , in which the governor-general gives royal assent , is generally a given . Local media report that the law is expected to take effect in four months . The bill 's sponsor , Louisa Wall , released a statement saying she was "  very proud to be a member of a Parliament that has voted overwhelmingly to give New Zealanders , regardless of their sex , sexual orientation or gender , the right to marry . " New Zealand 's move comes a week after Uruguayan lawmakers approved a measure legalizing same-sex marriage . The measure awaits the signature of Uruguay 's president , who has indicated he supports it . If the laws in New Zealand and Uruguay are enacted , the count of nations allowing same-sex marriage would rise to 13 . Lawmakers in a few other nations , including the United Kingdom and France , also are considering whether to allow same-sex couples to marry . The Supreme Court of Nepal ruled in favor of legalization in 2008 , but those rights have n't been put into effect because the country 's new constitution has been stuck in limbo for years . Of the 11 countries in which same-sex marriage is legal , eight are in Europe . The Netherlands was the first , in 2001 , and it was later joined by Belgium , Spain , Norway , Sweden , Iceland , Portugal and Denmark . Argentina , Canada and South Africa are the three non-European countries in the group .	Parliament votes 77-44 on bill 's third reading Law expected to take effect in four months , local media report Uruguay same-sex marriage measure awaits president 's signature If New Zealand and Uruguay 's measures take effect , 13 nations would allow same-sex marriage
CNN  -- When it comes to negotiating a salary for a new job it can pay to ask for a precise figure . New research has suggested that asking for an amount that is less "  round " -- like $ 105,000 instead of $ 100,000 -- increases the final outcome . The idea is that precise numbers give recruiters the impression a candidate has thoroughly researched the job . "  It matters because round numbers seem less informed . People who use them seem like they have n't really done their homework , or they 're just sort of being arbitrary , " said Malia Mason , an associate professor at Columbia Business School , who led the study . She says the perception that a number came out of nowhere leads negotiation counterparts to be more aggressive in their counteroffers , which translates into worse outcomes for people who make round offers , compared with people who make precise offers . "  Precise numbers are just one way to communicate to people ` do n't mess with me ' or ` I 'm informed , I 'm not just throwing some number out there , ' " Mason said . Read more : Can Twitter help you land a job ? The real burden for the job seekers is to then prove they are not just throwing numbers out there . Mason says actually doing the calculations of how much to ask for , to back up the offer amount , is "  far more important " than simply using the precise numbers recommended by the study . Candidates may figure out the going rates for the jobs from Websites or by asking someone within the company who would be open to telling you . Ramit Sethi , author of "  I Will Teach You to Be Rich , " offers courses on negotiation using techniques based on his own experience , real-world data from his students and tests that he runs . He says that doing relevant research , and then giving the perception that you have reasons for the dollar figure sought , is the most important part of negotiation . "  When you walk into a room , you should already know not only the pay range of your job , but you should have it documented and printed out and ready to present , " Sethi said . Good negotiators should be able to justify why they should be paid the higher end of that range , Sethi said . It involves explaining one 's experience , knowing the company 's challenges and letting the recruiters know how you can solve their problems . Read more : What does it take to get a job in China ? To show recruiters that you can back up your salary request , Sethi recommends candidates use the "  briefcase technique , " actually typing up a plan of how they would help the company and pulling it out  possibly from a briefcase  during a negotiation . "  It shows what they would do in 30 , 60 , 90 days . And when you do this people 's jaws drop . And when that happens , five or ten thousand dollars ' raise in negotiation is almost trivial . It 's almost beside the point , because you 're showing how much value you can add to the company , " he said . Mason points out that there are broad benefits to providing reasons in a salary negotiation . Not only does it help convince the recruiter of the candidate 's worth , but it gives the recruiter material to back up the decision . "  People do n't like being told ` it 's my way or the highway . ' People like to have reasons , " she says . "  What you want to do in a negotiation is have your counterpart understand why that number that you 're suggesting makes sense , so that he or she can explain to herself why it makes sense , so she can go explain to the rest of her company or the rest of her team why it makes sense . "	In negotiations , there is an advantage to offering a figure that is not a round number Precise numbers give recruiters the impression that the candidate has thoroughly researched the job But actually researching the job is more important , experts say Good negotiators should be able to justify a high salary
Let me tell you the story of an outbreak that could have happened , and did n't . A year ago , a mother traveled to the Democratic Republic of the Congo with the body of her son , who had died suddenly in rural Uganda . She came in contact with many people in her travels and at the funeral . She soon died , as did the man who helped transport her and the body of her son . What could have gone on to become a major outbreak , killing many people , was stopped because health officials acted quickly . Workers in Uganda , trained by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , contacted staff at the local plague laboratory . Using a rapid dipstick test , the lab quickly determined that the cause of death was pneumonic plague , one of the world 's most deadly diseases . Within 12 hours , preventive medicine was provided to more than 130 people who had come in contact with the family . The number of deaths was stopped at three . A blind spot anywhere is a risk to us everywhere Keeping people safe is the role of public health agencies such as the CDC -- a role that becomes even more important every day . We are all connected by the air we breathe , the water we drink and the food we eat , and the next outbreak may be just a plane ride away . The world faces a perfect storm of vulnerability . On average , we identify one previously unknown microbe each year . We 're also finding that more and more infections are showing resistance to all available drugs . And the threat exists that sometime , somewhere , someone will unleash a deadly , genetically modified microbe for which we may have no warning and little preparation . Since we ca n't predict where or when the next outbreak will happen , we have to be vigilant at all times . For example , nothing has the potential to kill more people than influenza . A strain such as H7N9 could create a pandemic . When something with that much potential to cause widespread harm emerges , we must identify it in hours or days , not weeks or months . H7N9 does n't yet spread from person to person , and it may never . But when it comes to new infectious diseases , the question is not whether , but when and where . One of the most serious health issues facing us today is the fact that our antibiotic drugs do n't work as well as they used to -- or at all -- against a growing number of infections . We risk a future where simple infections can turn deadly . CDC sets threat levels for drug-resistant ` superbugs ' For a few bacteria , we 're already there . CRE , carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae , is a nightmare strain of bacteria that can resist all antibiotics , kill a high proportion of the people it infects and spread readily . We still have time to close the door on antibiotic resistance , but it means public health must collaborate with clinical medicine , both in the United States and around the world . That 's a key challenge for the next decade in many aspects of global health . Find . Stop . Prevent . This is what it takes to save lives and protect people . The steps are clear : Find out what 's harming people , figure out how to stop these harms , put programs in place to protect people by preventing these harms -- and then monitor to see if the programs are working . CDC has staff in every state of the United States and in more than 60 countries around the world . Our experts are passionate about their work and are committed to saving as many lives as possible . But you can do your part too . We can all help by not demanding antibiotics from our doctors and by taking antibiotics only and exactly as prescribed . Get smart and know when antibiotics do or do n't work . If you or a loved one is receiving care at a medical facility , ask what they are doing to prevent drug resistance . Also , ask your doctors what they are doing to protect you or your loved one from infection . Drug-resistant infections can be prevented by immunization , safe food preparation and handling , and general hand washing . Learn more at CDC.gov .	"  The world faces a perfect storm of vulnerability , " CDC director Dr. Tom Frieden says Someone could unleash a deadly , genetically modified microbe that we ca n't fight Nothing has the potential to kill more people than influenza , Frieden says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Forget the Royal Navy and the U.S. Marines -- the ` computer navy ' is on its way , and digital media on the high seas are set to make a steaming comeback . New home ? Barges like this one could soon play host to Google 's massive data centers . It seemed that floating media firms were a thing of the past when the United Kingdom 's last major offshore pirate radio station , Radio Caroline , followed other European and American examples and died out in the early 1990s . But , fast-forward 20 years and enter Internet giant Google . According to a patent application seen by London newspaper "  The Times , " Google is considering launching barges up to seven miles  11km  offshore to host the massive data centers required to run its Internet search engines . The plan would likely see the data centers -- which consist of huge supercomputers -- use wave energy to power and cool themselves while stationed at sea . In the application Google states : "  Computing centers are located on a ship or ships , anchored in a water body from which energy from natural motion of the water may be captured , and turned into electricity and/or pumping power for cooling pumps to carry heat away . " Energy consumption is undoubtedly a massive issue for these giant data centers . The servers within each data center need to be air-conditioned to prevent overheating -- and considering a company such as IBM runs approximately eight million square feet of servers -- that 's a lot of required cooling . According to a 2005 study by Stanford University consulting professor and Lawrence Berkeley National Labs staff scientist , Jonathan Koomey , the energy consumption of data centers doubled in the period from 2000 to 2005 . The total annual worldwide power bill for the servers at the time was an estimated $ 7.2 billion , according to Koomey . The Internet has continued to grow at a rapid rate and other major companies have also been searching for a more efficient method of maintaining their data centers . Microsoft has looked into taking advantage of a cold climate by constructing a data center in Siberia , while Sun Microsystems is reported to be sending its computers down a former coal mine , using water below the ground as a coolant . But , how workable is Google 's project , really ? And does it mark a potential new future for the maritime industry ? Dr Brad Karp , reader in Computer Systems and Networks at University College London , described the move as "  an audacious risk " that will push the boundaries for major companies in future . Karp said the project would carry significant risks , but potentially very high rewards . "  Anytime you take on several new technologies at the one time -- and you are trying to build something highly reliable -- there are going to be real technical challenges , which there will be for these data centers , " he said . Some major benefits of Google 's project include being able to save money on rent and property taxes by being positioned offshore , as well as saving money on electricity bills . "  If you look at the percentage of power being used by these centers ... it seems like a good long-term bet for the future , " Karp told CNN . Karp believes Google could also benefit from snaring a "  green " image if it is able to harness wave motion to power the computers and their cooling systems , in addition to providing a quality service to users . "  One of the reasons Google has data centers around the world is to enhance the user experiences near where many of their users are . This will still allow them to do that . " He said there were some logistical issues , but if the ships were stationed not far from the coast , they should not have too many operational concerns . "  At that distance  11km  you would want to provide wired network activity -- some sort of under-sea cable . The sheer bit-rate needed for an operation like this is usually too high for most wireless systems , " Karp said . Karp does point out there could be plenty of maintenance required on such a system : "  The sea is not exactly a friendly environment for cables . " Although some commentators have raised concerns about the ships leaving themselves open to attack , Karp did not feel it was a major issue . "  It 's not the kind of thing you see reported on very often . Typically the kind of things we worry about more is network-based attacks . " Current data centers are defended by corporate-type security consisting of reception desks and electronically guarded entrances . Karp envisages a similar level of protection for the centers at sea , potentially using a protective barrier or guarding vessels . If this project is realized , it offers the potential to alter not only online commerce , but also introduces the potential for new strands of business in the maritime industry . Maritime eCommerce Association spokesman Ake Nilson said : "  So far as I know there is n't anything quite like it . We have n't really seen anything like this since the old pirate radio stations . " Nilson says that if the project goes ahead -- and more companies attempt to adopt a similar program -- it could provide a sizable boost to the maritime industry through the ships and workers required to establish , run , protect and maintain such operations .	Google has sent a patent application to launch barges to host its data centers Wave energy could be used to power and cool the data centers ' servers The project would save Google money on power bills , rent , and property tax Such projects have the potential to boost to the maritime industry
CNN  -- A 2010 video of an airport screener patting down a 3-year-old boy in a wheelchair has become the latest Rorschach test of the public 's attitude towards the TSA , pitting agency defenders against those who say the video shows the child being treated like a terrorist . Posted on YouTube Saturday night by the child 's father , the video had nearly 100,000 hits by Monday evening . Matt Dubiel , the father of Rocco Dubiel , videotaped the incident in the spring of 2010 at Chicago 's Midway International Airport . He posted the video after rediscovering it last week , saying he became enraged anew when reviewing it . "  There is another human being putting their hands on my child . That is not acceptable , " he said . "  If he was putting his hands on my child at McDonald 's or anyplace else , we would immediately have him arrested and call the police . " The Transportation Security Administration noted the agency has changed its procedures since 2010 and said pat downs of children 12 and younger are unlikely , although still possible , under the new protocols . Under the new TSA policy that took effect in September , screeners can work with parents to resolve alarms at security checkpoints . Among other options , screeners can have the children go through metal detectors or body scanners multiple times or can swab their hands to test for traces of explosives . "  The new modified screening measures have greatly reduced , though not eliminated , pat downs of children , " TSA spokesman Greg Soule said . "  While recognizing that terrorists are willing to manipulate societal norms to evade detection , our officers continue to work with parents to ensure a respectful screening process for the entire family at the checkpoint . " Children in wheelchairs continue to present special challenges , since the metal chairs trigger alarms in metal detectors and scanners . That increases the likelihood of alternate screening methods being used , including limited pat downs , to find the small amounts of explosives experts say could bring down a plane . Dubiel said he faults the TSA , not the individual screener , who he said tried to calm his son . But "  I think the whole exercise was intrusive and disrespectful to a human being , and a 3-year-old human being , " he told CNN . The videotape shows the screener lifting the young boy 's shirt to briefly swab his back , apparently straying from normal TSA protocols . Typically , screeners would only swab a person 's hands and articles of clothing or items they are carrying . Dubiel said the screening occurred when his family was departing for a trip to Disney World . "  I tape-recorded it because I wanted to let the gentleman know that was examining my son that there was a camera on him , and anything that he was going to do , that he needed to be comfortable doing on camera . And if he was n't , he needed to stay away from it . " Dubiel said he was told he could not stand next to his son during the search . "  I was told I could n't comfort or hug my son . I could n't hug him . I could n't hold his hand , " he said . "  And I tried to make the best out of it . But as I 'm standing there as a parent doing this , I 'm thinking about , should I do something more ? Should I not ? " Dubiel said he disapproved of the pat down , but did not immediately object because he feared the consequences . "  My fear was , if I made a bigger deal out of it , then I could be detained , or we could miss our flight , or we could miss our vacation . All of these things are dancing around in my head , " he said . Dubiel said he forgot about the videotape , but stumbled upon it Saturday . "  As we watched it , I felt like I was in the moment again , " he said . "  I was overcome with the same emotion I felt -- anger and sadness and frustration . "  The more I thought about it , the more I thought , ` I 'm going to share this , ' " Dubiel said . "  I wanted to share with other parents and let them see firsthand what happened . " In hindsight , he said , he regrets that he did n't stop the pat down . "  There has n't been one instance in the United States of a 3-year-old carrying explosives onto an airplane or doing ill will to anyone , " he said . Like some other TSA controversies , this one resulted in heated commentary on the many Internet sites that featured the video . "  Totally unacceptable , " wrote one YouTube commentator . "  I look at the abject terror in this tiny child 's eyes , and I know who caused it . I know who the terrorist is -- it 's the creep in the blue shirt . " "  I do n't think a man can be called a creep ... for doing what his job requires him to do , especially since he could be easily fired for not following the rules , " another viewer responded . The TSA , meanwhile , said a new TSA Cares hotline now serves as a resource for passengers with disabilities , medical conditions or other circumstances or their loved ones who want to prepare for the screening process prior to flying . TSA recommends that passengers call approximately 72 hours ahead of travel so that TSA Cares has the opportunity to coordinate checkpoint support with a TSA Customer Service Manager located at the airport when necessary . Travelers can contact the TSA , using Talk To TSA -- a web-based tool that allows passengers to reach out to an airport customer service manager directly . They can also reach the TSA Contact Center at 1-866-289-9673 or via e-mail at TSA-ContactCenter@dhs.gov, with questions , suggestions or to file complaints .	The TSA has changed its screening procedures since 2010 A video showing the screening of a 3-year-old in a wheelchair has gone viral The family was on a trip to Disney World
CNN  The country 's largest Presbyterian denomination has changed its definition of marriage to include gay couples -- though not explicitly . Presbyterian Church  USA  approved an amendment to its constitution after most of its 171 presbyteries -- or governing bodies -- voted for it , PC  USA  said Tuesday . Before , the definition said marriage was between "  a man and a woman . " The new definition says , in part , that "  marriage involves a unique commitment between two people , traditionally a man and a woman , to love and support each other for the rest of their lives . " Already , PC  USA  ministers can perform same-sex marriages in states where such marriages are legal , the group said . But no teaching elder or session can be forced to conduct same-sex marriage ceremonies if they do not believe they are appropriate . Not all members supported the decision . In a post on PC  USA  's website , Jean and Robert Gorney accused the church of going against the Bible and threatened to leave . "  We are not to change the Bible , " their post said . "  I do n't care who disagrees . " But the Covenant Network of Presbyterians , which says it supports "  a fully inclusive church , " welcomed the news Tuesday night . "  The change aligns the church 's constitution with a reality that has long been true : Both same-gender and opposite-gender couples have been living in relationships that demonstrate covenant faithfulness , shared discipleship and mutual love , " the group said . "  We are also aware that the discussion has been a difficult one for many , and that some will feel a deep sense of pain over this decision . The Covenant Network is committed to fostering healthy dialogue and working with those who hold a view different from ours , seeking opportunities for us to model an authentic and productive unity . " The amendment will take effect on June 21 . CNN 's Daniel Burke contributed to this report .	Presbyterian Church  USA  will define marriage as a "  commitment between two people " The marriage amendment will take effect June 21
In the latest sign of his resolve to fight widespread official corruption , Chinese President Xi Jinping presided over a leadership meeting Monday to expel four senior members from the ruling Communist Party , including a retired top general of the two million-strong People 's Liberation Army . Gen. Xu Caihou , a former vice chairman of the Central Military Commission that runs the world 's largest standing army , was found to have accepted bribes , state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Xu was also a member of the country 's elite decision-making body , the Politburo , before retiring in late 2012 . The official probe into Xu , 71 , started in March and Party investigators have found evidence of him and his family members receiving money and gifts from others , according to Xinhua . Xu 's case would be handed over to prosecutors for a court martial , making him the most senior military leader to face corruption charges in recent memory . In a statement released after Monday 's Politburo meeting , President Xi and other Chinese leaders reiterated their "  zero tolerance " for corruption in the government and military -- long a lightning rod for mass discontent across the country -- but they also acknowledged the anti-graft task would be "  ongoing , complex and formidable . " The three other former senior officials ousted from the Communist Party for corruption were Jiang Jiemin , a former minister in charge of state assets ; Li Dongsheng , a former vice minister of public security ; and Wang Yongchun , a former deputy head of state-owned oil behemoth China National Petroleum Corporation . ` Tigers and flies ' The announcement on Xu came on the heels of the downfall of Su Rong , a former vice chairman of China 's top political advisory body . Su , once a "  state leader " in the official hierarchy , was formally removed from his post last Wednesday over serious corruption allegations . State media has characterized Xu as a big "  military tiger " caught in the massive anti-graft campaign launched by President Xi , who is also the commander-in-chief . After becoming the head of the Communist Party in late 2012 , Xi banned official extravagance -- from banquets to year-end gifts -- and vowed to target "  tigers and flies " alike in his fight against corruption when describing his resolve to spare no one regardless of their position . Xinhua recently touted the catching of 30 "  tigers " since Xi took power less than two years ago . Zhou Yongkang Some China watchers have noted ties between an increasing number of disgraced officials to Zhou Yongkang , the former domestic security czar who has been rumored to be under investigation for some time . Jiang , Li and Wang in Monday 's announcement have long been considered Zhou protgs . State media has reported official probes into many of Zhou 's family members as well as former associates in the domestic security apparatus , state oil industry and southwestern Sichuan Province -- three places Zhou once ruled . If announced , Zhou would become the highest-ranking official ever to face corruption charges in the history of the People 's Republic . In 2013 , some 182,000 officials were disciplined while courts nationwide tried 23,000 corruption cases , according to the Communist Party 's disciplinary commission . State media has cited the trial and conviction last year of former high-flying politician Bo Xilai -- though called politically motivated by Bo supporters -- as one prime example of President Xi 's determination to clean up the Party . ` Corruption endemic ' Longtime China observers , however , point to the limits of President Xi 's war on corruption . "  Corruption is so widespread and so endemic that campaigns are just not going do it , " said Frank Ching , a Hong Kong-based commentator and columnist on Chinese politics . "  Something has to be done about the system . " "  There have been public calls for a law to require officials disclosing their assets . There has been no indication that they are going to do that . In fact , a number of people calling for this law have ended up in prison , " he added . "  I think people will be much more convinced of the seriousness of this anti-corruption campaign if there were a move to enact such a law . "	Gen. Xu Caihou and his family members received money and gifts , investigators say Xu was a former vice chairman of the Central Military Commission He is the most senior military leader to face corruption charges in recent memory Xu is one of four senior members to be expelled from the ruling Communist Party
CNN  -- A group of protesters traveled Thursday to a small Arkansas town , where they held a demonstration to call for the resignation of a school board member who posted anti-gay comments on a social networking site . Holding signs that read , "  All kids matter , " and "  Resign , " the small group held the protest in Pleasant Plains , Arkansas , according to CNN affiliate KARK . The town is served by the Midland School District . Clint McCance , vice-president of the district , wrote on his personal Facebook page that he wanted gay people to commit suicide , according to The Advocate , a newspaper focusing on gay news . McCance used the terms "  queer " and "  fag " repeatedly , promised to disown his own children if they are gay and stated that he enjoys "  the fact that -LSB- gay people -RSB- give each other AIDS and die . " Thursday 's protesters traveled from Little Rock , about 80 miles southwest of Pleasant Plains . Several wore purple shirts to honor gay youths who committed suicide after being bullied because of their homosexuality , according to pictures provided by KARK . Others held signs containing some of the teens ' names and ages . McCance 's comments have drawn criticism from education officials in his district and at the state level . "  I strongly condemn the statements that appeared on Mr. Clint McCance 's Facebook page , " Tom Kimbrell , Arkansas commissioner of education , said in a statement Wednesday . " ... The statements attributed to Mr. McCance constitute a significant departure from statements we expect from our school leaders . The divisiveness and disruption of these comments cause me to seriously question the ability of Mr. McCance to remain as an effective member of the Midland School Board . " Because McCance 's Facebook page is not accessible publicly , the Advocate said it learned about the posts after being provided with a screen shot . "  I do n't know why he said it , " McCance 's father , Ron , told CNN 's "  AC360 " on Wednesday . "  All this caught everyone by surprise . He said it was his page , he pulled it and he got caught up in the moment . This was out of character . " Ron McCance said , "  I do defend his right to say what he wants to , but we 've all been blindsided . " Attempts by CNN to contact Clint McCance by telephone Thursday were unsuccessful . CNN affiliate KATV also said he was unreachable by telephone , and both KATV and affiliate KARK said no one answered the door at his home . The Midland School District also denounced the posting . "  The district strives to foster an environment that discourages all forms of bullying , " it said in a statement , "  and an environment that encourages a safe and productive educational climate -LSB- for -RSB- all of our students . The district is very diligent in pursuing and addressing bullying of any variety on our campuses . " The state Department of Education said earlier it was "  dismayed to see that a school board official would post something of this insensitive nature on a public forum like Facebook . " Because McCance is an elected official , the department can not deal with him directly , according to the statement . But staff will be monitoring schools to provide a quick response in case students are bullied because of McCance 's comments , it said . Kimbrell said in his statement he had contacted the district superintendent and the president of the school board . "  They are aware of my strong feelings concerning this matter and I know they share in my grave concern , " he said . "  Along with the members of my staff , I will continue to closely monitor this situation . " The posts were made , according to The Advocate , in response to a bullying awareness campaign sponsored by GLAAD , the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation . The "  Spirit Day " campaign aimed to foster recognition of bullying directed at gays and the effects it can have on young people through a series of events held on October 20 . One aspect of the campaign encouraged people to wear purple to honor those who had committed suicide after experiencing anti-gay bullying , and to show solidarity with lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgendered youth who face the same pressures . According to the screen grab obtained by The Advocate , McCance wrote the following about the event : "  Seriously they want me to wear purple because five queers committed suicide . The only way im wearin it for them is if they all commit suicide . I cant believe the people of this world have gotten this stupid . We are honoring the fact that they sinned and killed therselves because of their sin . "  sic There is now a page on Facebook encouraging the Midland School District to fire McCance . More than 45,000 people had "  liked " the page as of Thursday morning . However , not everyone disagreed with McCance 's comments , which he defended on his page by citing his religious beliefs . Gays and lesbians are "  thinking they 're all right , and -LSB- God is -RSB- going to let them think that and go to hell for believing what they 're doing is right , " pastor Harry Craig , of Pleasant Plains Full Gospel Church , told KARK . Kimbrell said his in statement , "  Despite these unfortunate events , it is my utmost hope that the students in the Midland School District and across the state of Arkansas clearly understand that they are all valued and have intellectual and human worth , and they deserve the best education we can offer . " On Tuesday , the federal government warned that bullying and harassment in schools often includes violations of federally protected civil rights . Officials warned that school administrators who fail to properly deal with harassment risk being cited for civil rights violations . In extreme cases , such violations could lead to cuts in federal funding . An 18-year-old Rutgers University student , Tyler Clementi , committed suicide in September , after a secretly taped sexual encounter between him and another man was posted on the Internet . It was the most recent in a string of suicides by gay youths that have received increased media scrutiny in the context of an anti-bullying push by advocacy groups . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Protesters demonstrate against man 's comments Head of state Department of Education condemns posting Board member 's father : "  I do n't know why he said it "
CNN  Desperately pursuing a nuclear deal with Iran , scrapping old positions and offering new concessions at a mind-boggling pace , the Obama administration has lost sight of what this regime represents and why the United States and its allies have focused on its nuclear program to begin with . For more than a decade , U.S. leaders vowed to prevent Iran from acquiring or developing the technology and know-how of nuclear weaponry for a simple reason : we did not want one of the world 's most dangerous regimes to possess  and potentially use or distribute  the world 's most dangerous weapons . That 's why , starting under President George W. Bush , Washington rallied the international community around increasingly tough sanctions that would remain in place until Tehran comes clean about its nuclear program and the world could rest assured that it would not develop nuclear weaponry . To his credit , President Barack Obama led global efforts to further tighten the screws on Iran , which threatened that nation with economic collapse and coaxed Iranian leaders to the negotiating table . Nevertheless , the President now seems prepared to ink a deal that would put Iran on the cusp of nuclear weaponry and eventually lift all sanctions , raising the same specter of a very dangerous regime with the most dangerous weapons -- even though the regime has not changed its ideology , its motives , or its behavior in any significant way since the Islamic Republic was founded in 1979 . As Obama has suggested in public comments , the administration envisions that , with a nuclear deal , Iran can emerge from the isolation in which the sanctions have put it and take its rightful place as a responsible player in the Middle East , working with other nations to stabilize the region . From its earliest days , however , and through two Supreme Leaders and multiple Presidents , the regime in Tehran has been expansionist in the region and beyond , destabilizing of its neighbors , murderous in its activities , and , most fundamentally , anti-American in its approach . "  Death to America " has remained a popular chant at parliamentary sessions and government-orchestrated public rallies . Nothing of late suggests that Tehran will change for the better after a nuclear deal . In fact , a deal of the kind that U.S. and Iranian negotiators are pursuing , which will delay the onset of Iranian nuclear weaponry rather than prevent it , will give the regime greater leverage to pursue its dangerous activities . For starters , Iran remains the world 's most aggressive state sponsor of terrorism , as our State Department continually attests , fueling the murderous efforts of Hezbollah , Hamas , Palestinian Islamic Jihad , and other groups that have killed Americans , Europeans , Israelis , and others . And according to London 's Asharq Al-Awsat , it has worked with al Qaeda since 2007 to target U.S. interests in Saudi Arabia and Dubai . Under the emerging deal , Iran has not vowed to stop sponsoring those groups . Indeed , nuclear weaponry will position Iran to even more effectively rebuff U.S. and other outside pressure to halt its terror sponsorship , and it will enable the regime , if it chooses , to put nuclear weapons in the hands of those groups . Meanwhile , Iran 's leaders continue to threaten to eliminate Israel , the region 's lone democracy and America 's closest ally , and , under the emerging deal , Tehran has not promised to halt those threats . Nuclear weaponry , when combined with Iran 's growing ballistic missile program  which the emerging deal will not affect  , will position Tehran to make good on its threats -- or to hold that threat over Jerusalem when it seeks to confront Iran-backed terrorists who are launching rockets , building tunnels , or killing soldiers across its borders . Finally , Iran continues to pull out all stops to protect Syria 's murderous dictator , Bashar al-Assad , by sending forces to help Syria 's army fight the U.S.-backed rebels . It 's also extending its reach in the region by , for instance , backing the anti-American Houthi rebels who recently overran Yemen 's capital and forced its U.S.-backed President to resign . Iran , it seems , is unwilling to abandon its hegemonic dreams , which threaten America 's position in the region . By better protecting Iran from outside pressure , a nuclear deal also will strengthen the regime at home , enabling it to further crack down on activists who seek a more democratic government . That , in turn , will extend the time during which the world 's most dangerous weapons will remain in the hands of a regime that 's driven by fervent anti-Americanism . By speeding blindly toward a deal , America 's leaders are , put simply , ignoring the many real dangers that Tehran presents to U.S. interests .	Lawrence Haas : Nuclear deal would strengthen Iranian regime at home Nothing of late suggests Tehran will change for better after a nuclear deal , he says
CNN  -- A young woman steals her way down darkened passages in Korogocho -- one of Kenya 's largest slums . Crime , prostitution and drug use are rampant in the locality where a quarter of a million people reside and the young woman 's eyes dart around erratically on the lookout for danger . It should be one of the happiest days of her life -- she is pregnant and has just gone into labor . She is also one of the fortunate few that can afford to go to hospital . Some women face a homebirth where , instead of medical equipment , they must make do with cotton wool and razorblades . But the journey to hospital leaves her vulnerable to opportunistic assault . For Aggrey Otieno , a human rights activist , this scenario is exactly what he is trying to prevent . A facilitator of social change , he has dedicated his life to improving the living conditions -- especially for women and children -- in the Kenyan slum where he spent his childhood . "  Korogocho has been in the news for all the bad things ... HIV/AIDS is very rampant . People who do drugs are here . People who do prostitution are here , " says Otieno . "  It is our responsibility who stay in the slum , to bring the change that we want . " Read this : African midwife , Nobel Peace Prize ? In his mission to help the area where he grew up , Otieno established Pambazuka Mashinani , -- meaning "  grassroots awakening " in Swahili -- with an ethos of empowering "  urban poor in Nairobi slums . " After being granted a scholarship through the Ford Foundation , Otieno attended Ohio University in the United States , receiving a Masters degree in communications and development and a diploma in African community health . Using these learned skills , Otieno returned to Kenya to begin passing on his knowledge and start Pambazuka Mashinani . "  So many people in this community look up to me -- in fact I think I am the most educated person here because I have a Masters degree , " he says . "  Because of that , I feel I have to really give back to this community . " He adds : "  It is out of that I am trying to bring other people together to save lives in Korogocho . " Otieno 's organization now has a number of programs including reproductive health , research and advocacy , youth and women 's empowerment . One of the most widespread obstacles for women in the slum is the fact that most can not afford healthcare so part of Otieno 's mission is to bring healthcare directly to them in the form of support groups with trained professionals . "  Local people  get trained on a number of topics -- like today 's topic is on breast feeding ... when you support them , they end up supporting their children and the whole community and they end up being empowered . "  I believe by empowering one woman , I have empowered so many communities . " In addition to community education workshops , Otieno has also set up a network of 24-hour mobile medical units called telemedicine centers , which provide assistance for pregnant women from afar via text messages and , where necessary , vans are sent to pick up women from the slums and take them to a local hospital . "  We are making use of simple technology to save lives in the community -- through some laptops and computers , " says Otieno . "  We have integrated them with software installed in health facilities around Korogocho and we also have mobile phone texting technology . "  What we have done is come up with some software to link the front-line health workers that are supporting us -- these people have mobile phones and they visit pregnant women in their homes -- and at the moment they see complications , they send text messages to the telemedicine center . " Doctors then review the text messages and provide analysis and support for pregnancy-related matters . "  Eight percent of Kenyans -- regardless if you are poor -- own a mobile phone . People do a lot of texting . It is very cheap for you to text ... so that really inspired me . " One doctor on the end of a mobile phone is Peter Muguma who greatly admires the work Otieno has done to lower maternal mortality rates in Korogocho . "  So many women are dying during delivery , dying during pregnancy , " says Muguma . "  In the slums it is due to poverty , lack of awareness , transport . " "  We get a text message on our computer . This tells us the mother is sick or in labor and then I make arrangements for  an  ambulance or for someone to pick her up and take her to hospital ... When you save a life a lot of satisfaction comes out of that , " adds Muguma . Otieno takes a lot of pride in what he is doing to change the lives of those in Korogocho , saying that facilitating social change at the grassroots level can have a ripple effect for years to come . "  I have seen my friends going through prostitution , drugs and a lot of my friends are criminals that were my classmates , " he says . "  I am offering myself that you can also live here and be the change you want to be and at the same time you can be a role model that they can look up to so they can bring change in the community . "	Aggrey Otieno grew up in one of Kenya 's poorest slums He created tele-medicine centers , which provide assistance via text message The human rights activist says empower one person and it will have a ripple effect
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , a Republican hero for pushing austerity measures that stripped collective bargaining rights from most public unions , rallied supporters Monday night , one last push before a recall that 's drawn lots of outside interest and money . "  We ca n't spike the ball on the 10-yard line . We 've got to take it all the way into the end zone , " Walker said in a Green Bay restaurant , within walking distance of the Packers ' famed Lambeau Field . "  Because when we do it 's a win not just for us . It 's a win for our kids and grandkids to make sure they have a better future than the one we inherited . " Walker faces Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett on Tuesday in a rematch of the 2010 governor 's race that he won by getting more than 52 % of the vote . Recall vote is judgment day for Wisconsin governor This time , the stakes are higher after a vitriolic campaign that epitomized the political divide across the country . The three most recent polls had Walker ahead of Barrett , though the Milwaukee mayor 's final tracking poll indicated the tightest of races -- 47.8 % to 47.7 % -- according to his Facebook page . Campaign finance filings definitely put Walker far ahead , as he 's garnered the lion 's share of the tens of millions of dollars that have come into the campaigns . Barrett told supporters Monday that Wisconsin voters are tired of Walker , whom he described as "  a governor who 's more interested in being the rock star of the far right . " At a rally outside the State Capitol building , which demonstrators occupied last year to try to block Walker 's policies , Barrett supporters sang union songs and waved signs opposing the governor . A victory by the first-term governor could give Republicans a major boost in efforts to make Wisconsin a battleground state in the November presidential election . What 's at stake in Wisconsin ? President Barack Obama easily won the state in 2008 , but Walker 's unyielding commitment to fiscal austerity in the face of chaotic protests last year made him the poster child for tea party conservatism . Along with the gubernatorial recall , voters also will decide whether Walker 's lieutenant governor and four Republican state senators keep their jobs . Does Obama 's absence portend outcome of Wisconsin recall vote ? The recall effort was spurred by a Walker-backed law , signed in March 2011 , to limit the collective bargaining rights of state worker unions . During a bitter fight over the law last year , Democratic legislators left the capital to prevent a quorum , and tens of thousands of protesters converged on the State Capitol building in what became an occupation . After the law was signed , Democrats immediately began a recall effort that eventually led to Tuesday 's vote . The campaign has been fierce , with campaigners complaining of keyed cars , verbal harassment and a general lack of tolerance for differing opinions . The Justice Department on Monday dispatched federal observers to monitor Milwaukee polling places Tuesday to ensure no voter discrimination takes place . A litany of Republican stars have campaigned for Walker , including fellow governors Chris Christie of New Jersey , Nikki Haley of South Carolina , Bobby Jindal of Louisiana and Bob McDonnell of Virginia , as well as U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio from Florida . Americans for Prosperity , a conservative advocacy group built around many of the same principles as the tea party , has pumped more than $ 10 million into Wisconsin backing Walker 's policies . "  It 's big for the people of Wisconsin and their economic future , but I think it 's even bigger nationally as well , " said Tim Phillips , the group 's president . "  I think every governor , every state legislator around the country is looking at Wisconsin , and they 're going , OK , if I got the courage to stand up and do what I think is right to get my state moving again ... will someone have my back ? And hopefully the answer is going to be , you bet . " Barrett , meanwhile , got his own high-powered support from former President Bill Clinton , as well as Democratic National Committee Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley . However , his campaign fundraising has badly trailed the support Walker received . The Progressive Change Campaign Committee announced Saturday it is spending $ 100,000 in the last five days before the Wisconsin recall vote , bringing its investment to $ 300,000 . In addition , Obama never hit the trail for Barrett , which Republicans surmised was because the president believes Barrett will lose . On Sunday , Barrett told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that his campaign never asked Obama to campaign on his behalf , adding that "  we understand he 's got a lot going on . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney acknowledged the uniqueness of the contest , while also stressing there 's no doubt where the president stands . "  The president 's made clear all along his opposition to those who would take away workers rights -- to actions that would take away or diminish worker 's rights , " Carney said . "  And he 's also made clear his support for Tom Barrett . " While Tuesday 's vote will culminate a two-year fight over collective bargaining rights for public employee unions , both parties are casting the debate as a larger referendum on the role of government and policies supported by both parties . Barrett , however , has continually framed the race as a state contest instead of a national affair . "  I want to make sure that everybody understands this is about Wisconsin values . It 's not about Washington , D.C. It 's about right here , who is going to control the future of this state , " Barrett said Sunday . "  Will it be tea party , the national right wing , or is it going to be the people of the state of Wisconsin ? And I 'm putting my money on the people of the state of Wisconsin . " Walker has defended his budget actions as necessary for the fiscal health of his state and described his campaign as one of a strong leader who is making the necessary "  tough decisions . "	"  We 've got to take it all the way , " Gov. Scott Walker tells backers in Green Bay Walker is hailed by Republicans and vilified by Democrats for weakening public unions His foe , Tom Barrett , says Walker is trying to be "  the rock star of the far right " Outside money has poured into Wisconsin due to the race , most of it in support of Walker
Maine authorities gave their most dire judgment yet Thursday as to what they believe happened to missing toddler Ayla Reynolds , with a police spokesman saying "  there 's nothing we have found that leads us to believe she 's alive . " "  Based on everything we know -- the thousands of hours of investigation , the 1,127 leads that have come in , the searches , the dives and the evidence gathered -- we think it 's highly unlikely that Ayla Reynolds will be found alive , " said state police spokesman Stephen McCausland . "  Nothing points us in that direction . Ayla was 20 months old when her father , Justin DiPietro told police he had put her to bed around 8 p.m. on December 16 in a first-floor bedroom of her grandmother 's Waterville , Maine , home . The toddler 's father , her aunt and the father 's girlfriend were in the home at that time . DiPietro called police the next morning , just before 9 a.m. , to report Ayla missing . Authorities believe , as they have said previously , that there was "  foul play " involved in the girl 's disappearance and they opened a criminal probe , McCausland told reporters Thursday . But her body has not been found and no one has been named a suspect in the case . "  She did not leave that home by herself , and she was not abducted , " the state police spokesman said . On Thursday , as he has done previously , McCausland suggested the adults in the house with Ayla the night before she was reported missing -- including her father -- have not been totally forthcoming . The police spokesman said there has not been "  a lot of communication with the three adults who were inside the home that night . " At the same time , he said "  it 's way premature to start speculating on charging anyone . " "  They were the adults and they were there , and they may have answers , " said McCausland . "  Justin was the father ,  and  we believe he knows more than he has told us . " Authorities called Ayla 's parents shortly before Thursday 's press conference to tell them they 'd be stating they presume their daughter is dead . The toddler 's mother , Trista Reynolds , was "  thankful for the call , " said McCausland , as was DiPietro . As for the father , "  His reaction was no reaction , " the spokesman said . Local attorney John Nale announced at Thursday 's press conference that the $ 30,000 reward offered for information leading to Ayla or the arrest of the person or persons responsible for her disappearance would expire at the end of June . The hope is that someone will come forward in the next 30 days . Even if they do not , authorities vow that the lapse in the reward offer has no bearing on the investigation . To that point , McCausland promised there will be more searches and that -- even though police are now stating they believe Ayla is dead -- "  this is still a missing person 's case . " "  We are committed to this investigation , no matter how long it takes , " said Waterville Police Chief Joe Massey , noting two members of his department will remain assigned to the case .	Ayla Reynolds was 20 months old when her father reported her missing 166 days later , her body has n't been found and no one 's been named a suspect A police spokesman says "  nothing " leads authorities to "  believe she 's alive " He says he believes that Ayla 's father "  knows more than he has told us "
CNN  -- A Philadelphia couple were charged Tuesday in the starvation death of their 3-year-old daughter , who weighed only 11 pounds , according to police . "  I saw the photos , they were extremely disturbing , " Philadelphia Police Homicide Capt. James Clark said of the girl at a news conference Monday . Carlos Rivera , 30 , and Carmen Ramirez , 27 , brought their unresponsive daughter , Nathlayz Rivera , to Einstein Medical Center in Philadelphia early Monday morning , where the child was pronounced dead at 1:59 a.m. , according to Officer Jillian Russell . Rivera and Ramirez were arraigned Tuesday afternoon on charges of third-degree murder , involuntary manslaughter , and conspiracy and endangering the welfare of a child , according to Philadelphia District Attorney 's Office spokeswoman Tasha Jamerson . Both parents are being held without bail , and their next court date is scheduled for September 25 , Jamerson said . According to officials at the Criminal Justice Information Center in Philadelphia , Rivera and Ramirez do not have legal representation and it 's unclear when they will . Four other children -- ages 9 , 8 , 7 and Nathlayz 's 3-year-old twin -- lived at the couple 's residence . The children were taken to a local hospital where they were examined and then transported to the Philadelphia Department of Human Services on Monday , Russell said . The mother told detectives that Nathlayz had Down syndrome , police told CNN affiliate WPVI . According to Dr. Nicole Avena , a weight loss specialist at the New York Obesity Research Center , a typical weight range for a 3-year-old girl of average height is between 30 and 35 pounds . But it is not unusual for a child with disabilities to have feeding difficulties , which can lead to weight loss if not appropriately handled by a pediatrician , Avena said . The Philadelphia Medical Examiner 's Office declined to comment due to the active police investigation . Police : Mother chained son to radiator for two weeks	A couple are held in the starvation death of their daughter , 3 Carlos Rivera , 30 , and Carmen Ramirez , 27 , face third-degree murder , other charges Four other children were removed from the couple 's Philadelphia home , police said
CNN  -- Formula One will pay its respects to the 239 people who went missing aboard Flight 370 ahead of this weekend 's Malaysian Grand Prix . The plane disappeared almost three weeks ago , with Malaysian Airlines informing the relatives of those who were on board that it had to be assumed "  beyond reasonable doubt " that the aircraft was lost and there were no survivors . Before the race at the Sepang Circuit , teams , drivers and officials are planning a host of tributes to the passengers . The race track neighbors Kuala Lumpur 's main airport where the plane took off on March 8 . F1 officials and race organizers were due to meet on Thursday to discuss how best to honor those thought lost in the tragedy . But Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton has already tweeted a picture of his car bearing the hashtag " #PrayForMH370 " along with the message : "  All my prayers and sympathies go to the friends and families of the passengers on MH370 flight . " Sunday 's race will be the second of the 2014 season , with Hamilton 's teammate Nico Rosberg looking for his second win after taking the checkered flag at the Australian Grand Prix . It was a disappointing start to the year for four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel , who was forced to retire after three laps of the Melbourne opener . However there was better news for the German on Wednesday when he was named Laureus Sportsman of the Year . The Red Bull driver was given the award after wrapping up a fourth consecutive drivers ' title in 2013 . The women 's honor went to American swimmer Missy Franklin , who won a record six gold medals at last year 's world championships in Barcelona . Watch : Vettel -- "  It will be a long season "	Formula One plans to honor victims of Flight 370 at the Malaysian Grand Prix The Sepang International Circuit neighbors Kuala Lumpur 's main airport The Malaysian Airlines flight went missing nearly three weeks ago Sunday 's grand prix will be the second race of the 2014 Formula One season
CNN  -- England striker Wayne Rooney is expected to be fit for the World Cup in South Africa despite suffering another injury setback on club duty with Manchester United on Sunday . The 24-year-old , who last month was sidelined with ankle damage , went off with a recurrence of his recent groin problem 13 minutes from the end of United 's 4-0 victory over Stoke . He was unable to score , finishing his European season with 34 goals and missing out on the Premier League 's golden boot award to Chelsea 's Didier Drogba , who netted a hat-trick in the 8-0 victory over Wigan that ended United 's three-year grip on the title . England coach Fabio Capello will name his provisional 30-man squad for South Africa on Tuesday , and United were quick to dispel any fears that Rooney might be not fit for his second World Cup finals appearance . "  He should be okay , " assistant manager Mike Phelan told the UK Press Association . "  All the phone calls and all the worries we can dispel straight away . "  He should be fine . It is just a precaution and he will be looking forward to his World Cup . " Marcello Lippi , coach of world champions Italy , will also name his preliminary squad on Tuesday . Veteran striker Francesco Totti 's chances of being called out of international retirement were seriously damaged by his red card in the Italian Cup final defeat by Inter Milan last Wednesday . The 33-year-old redeemed himself with two goals on Sunday as second-placed Roma kept the Serie A title race going into the final round of the season , but on Monday he was handed a four-match Italian Cup ban for his controversial challenge on Inter striker Mario Balotelli . Balotelli , who said Totti had abused him , was also given a one-match suspension along with Inter teammate Cristian Chivu for separate incidents . Totti won the last of his 58 international caps in the 2006 World Cup final win over France , which ended Lippi 's first stint in charge , and made himself unavailable a year after that . Totti 's Roma strike partner Luca Toni also faces an anxious wait to see if he will be included in Lippi 's squad . German media reported on Monday that his parent club Bayern Munich do not want him back despite having a contract until the end of next season , while Italian paper Gazzetta dello Sport said Roma president Rosella Sensi was unwilling to extend his stay .	Manchester United insist Wayne Rooney will be fit for World Cup despite latest setback England striker went off in final game of Premier League season with groin problem Italian World Cup hopeful Francesco Totti hit with four-game Italian Cup suspension Totti was sent off last Wednesday for clash with Inter Milan 's Mario Balotelli
CNN  -- The leader of the Syrian opposition met Saturday with the foreign minister of Russia , a longtime ally of the government that rebels hope to topple . Ahmed Moaz al-Khatib , head of the Syrian National Coalition , met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on the sidelines of an international security conference in Munich , Germany , Russia 's state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported . It gave no details and al-Khatib and Lavrov did not immediately respond to requests for comments . The opposition chief also met in Munich with U.S. Vice President Joe Biden , who had harsh words for the Syrian leadership . "  President  Barack  Obama and I and nearly all of our partners and allies are convinced that President  Bashar al -  Assad , a tyrant hell-bent on clinging to power , is no longer fit to lead the Syrian people and he must go , " Biden said , according to a transcript of his speech released by the White House . "  The opposition continues to grow stronger . And as the Syrian people have their chance to forge their own future , they will continue to find a partner in the United States of America , " he said . Russia has criticized Western powers , including the United States , that have recognized the opposition as Syria 's rightful leadership . Russia and China have blocked U.N. Security Council attempts to take action to end the conflict and force al-Assad to step down , stressing that outside powers should n't be picking Syria 's leaders . In December , Russia invited al-Khatib to peace talks in Moscow or another location . The opposition chief said the group was open to talks , but not in Russia . He said then that Russia had overlooked atrocities in Syria , and must condemn the crimes before his group can engage in talks . When the Arab Spring revolts erupted across the region in early 2011 , Syrians took to the streets to demonstrate against al-Assad 's rule . The Syrian leader quickly responded with a crackdown by police and the army that exploded into a civil war . The United Nations says the conflict has now killed more than 60,000 people . The carnage continued Saturday , as at least 101 people were killed , the opposition said . CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	The talks take place on the sidelines of a security conference in Germany Russia is a longtime ally of Syria ; It does not recognize the opposition The opposition leader also meets with U.S. Vice President Joe Biden
NEW YORK  CNN  -- His was one of the first photos of a missing child to appear on a milk carton . Almost 30 years later , Etan Patz is still missing . Etan Patz , who disappeared in 1979 , was the first missing child featured in the milk carton campaigns of the 1980s . Etan was 6 when he disappeared on May 25 , 1979 , the Friday before Memorial Day . He was on his way to school in what is now the upscale Soho neighborhood of New York . It was the first time he 'd walked to the bus stop by himself . It was just a few blocks away . Etan , like any 6-year-old , argued that all of his friends walked to the bus stop alone , and his parents relented . His mother , Julie Patz , learned that Etan had n't been in classes when he failed to return home . She called the school at 3:30 p.m. , then called the homes of all his friends . When no one had seen Etan , she called police and filed a missing person 's report . By evening more than 100 police officers and searchers had gathered with bloodhounds . The search continued for weeks , but no clues to Etan 's whereabouts were found . Watch an update on the case " The boy 's disappearance was one of the key events that inspired the missing children 's movement , which raised awareness of child abductions and led to new ways to search for missing children . Etan 's case was the first of the milk carton campaigns of the mid-1980s . "  In our minds there were only two possibilities , " said Stan Patz , the boy 's father . "  Either Etan was taken by a stranger and killed or he was taken by a very sad woman desperate for a child of her own , and we hoped that such a woman would at least take care of him and keep him safe . " Patz lived with this hope until 1982 , when he learned of Jose Antonio Ramos ' arrest and the surprising connection between him and a former babysitter of Etan 's . Ramos was a drifter who in 1979 lived in Alphabet City , a neighborhood not far from Soho . In 1982 he was arrested after boys in a neighborhood in the Bronx complained that he had stolen their book bags while trying to coax them into a drainpipe under a bridge , where he lived , said the Patzes and federal prosecutor Stuart GraBois , who spent years investigating the case . When police found Ramos in his drainpipe home , they found he had many photographs of small blond boys . They noticed that they looked a lot like Etan Patz , according to author Lisa R Cohen 's book about the case , "  After Etan : The Missing Child Case that Held America Captive . " Bronx police questioned Ramos , and he denied having anything to do with Etan 's disappearance . But he did tell police that his girlfriend used to baby-sit for the boy , GraBois said . Prosecutors in the Bronx and Manhattan pursued this lead , but concluded they did not have enough evidence to connect Ramos to Etan 's disappearance , GraBois and a spokesperson for the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office said . Ramos was released when the parents of the Bronx boys chose not to press charges against him , according to published reports . He left town and disappeared for six years -- until GraBois reviewed Etan 's case . GraBois said he focused on Ramos as the prime suspect . GraBois said he learned in 1988 that Ramos had been arrested and convicted of child molestation and was serving time in a Pennsylvania prison . GraBois said he brought Ramos to New York for questioning and surprised him with the question : "  How many times did you have sex with Etan Patz ? " Ramos told GraBois that he 'd taken a little boy to an apartment he had on the lower East Side on the same day that Etan went missing . "  He was 90 percent sure it was the same he 'd seen in the news that was missing , " GraBois said . According to GraBois , Ramos claimed he released the boy and brought him to a subway station so the boy could go visit his aunt in Washington Heights . "  Etan did not have an aunt in Washington Heights , " GraBois said . When questioned further , Ramos refused to say anything more and asked for a lawyer , according to GraBois . Ramos is serving a 10 - to 20-year prison sentence in Pennsylvania . He is scheduled to be released in November 2012 , GraBois said . GraBois said he had Ramos transferred to a federal prison , and planted informants as his cell mates . He would n't go into detail about what Ramos might have told them , but said he 's convinced he 's eyeing the right suspect . GraBois turned over his evidence to the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office , but prosecutors have not brought charges . They say that without a body , they do n't have enough evidence . Etan 's case is still considered by the NYPD to be a cold case . Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Etan Patz or that leads to the arrest and conviction of the individual responsible for his disappearance is asked to call the FBI/NYPD Etan Patz hotline : 212-384-2200 .	Boy , 6 , begged his parents to let him walk to school bus stop for first time He never showed up at school in Manhattan 's Soho neighborhood Etan Patz disappeared on May 25 , 1979 Know something ? Call the FBI/NYPD Etan Patz hotline : 212-384-2200
As an Oklahoma town comes to grips with the apparent senseless killing of an Australian baseball player on its streets , one man is offering a possible motive : gang violence . James Johnson says the three boys now charged in the shooting death of Christopher Lane tried to recruit his son into a gang , then threatened to kill him if he refused . He said he thinks Lane was killed as part of a gang initiation . "  I do n't think it was for fun . I do n't think it was at random , " Johnson told Australia-based Fairfax Media from his home in Duncan . D.A. : No evidence of a hate crime The case posed questions of race early on because two of the three suspects are black and Lane was white . One of the suspects allegedly posted a message on Twitter in April saying he hated white people . Suspect tweeted : "  time to start taken life 's " District Attorney Jason Hicks acknowledged Friday the post seems racial in nature , but said the case will not be prosecuted as a hate crime . "  At this point , the evidence does not support the theory that Christopher Lane was targeted based upon his race or nationality , " Hicks said in a statement . Duncan Mayor Gene Brown said he does n't think Lane 's killing was a hate crime , either . He told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " the crime is just the result of bad choices made by young people . "  I think everybody that lives here wishes it would not have happened in our community , regardless of what race " the victim is , Brown said . "  I think that we are more concerned with just making sure that everything is taken care of for  Lane 's  family and that they get all of the things that they need in order to get him home safely and take care of their loved ones . " Suspects arrested after 911 call It was Johnson who made the call to police that resulted in the arrests of the three suspects : James Edwards , Jr. , 15 , Chancey Luna , 16 , and Michael Jones , 17 . Edwards and Luna are charged as adults with first-degree felony murder ; Jones is charged with using a vehicle in the discharge of a weapon and accessory after the fact to first-degree murder . Johnson was working on his truck in a church parking lot last Friday when the three teens drove up . He had just gotten off the phone with his son , Chris , who told his father about the threat on his life . Chris lives in a house with his mother across the street from the church . It was two hours after Lane 's death . Johnson , unaware of the crime , called 911 to report the teens had guns and had already threatened his son . He knew the boys -- and even mentioned Edwards by name in the call -- because the four teens had grown up together , he told Fairfax Media . Police arrived and took the three into custody . Police say Jones later told them , "  We were bored and did n't have anything to do , so we decided to kill somebody . " Opinion : Negligent parents , lawbreaking kids Edwards ' older sister , Rachel Padilla , told CNN on Thursday that her brother hung around with some older guys who were thought to be in a gang , and that other people have told her Edwards was in one -- but she said she does n't want to believe it . Asked about it by CNN , Duncan Police Chief Danny Ford said there are no gang members in town . Brown , the mayor , said the town has been able to control gang activity . "  That 's not to say that something might slip in on us , but I do n't think we have a real problem with that , " Brown told CNN . "  If we do , we definitely need to look into it . " Shock and sorrow after shooting Richard Rhodes , a 37-year-old contractor who was working on a house near where the shooting happened , tried to save Lane 's life by performing CPR , he told Fairfax Media . "  I was like this , telling him , ` Buddy , stay with us ; stay with us , ' " Rhodes said , showing how he knelt next to the victim . Lane , 23 , was gasping for air , and soon the gasps stopped . Rhodes and a woman together performed CPR until it became apparent that Lane had died , Fairfax reported . Lane 's friends and family are being invited to a memorial game in his honor Sunday , and a donation page has been set up to raise money for a memorial fund in his name . A former student and classmate at East Central University , where Lane was studying , described him as "  a charming guy , genuinely good person , with great character and had a love for life . " "  As cliched as it sounds , Chris was the kind of guy you want your sons to grow up to be and that you want your daughters to marry . It just breaks my heart knowing how much more he could have brought to this world as a husband , father , son , brother and friend , " Sam Malchar said .	The town 's mayor says he does n't feel it was a hate crime DA says the case will not be prosecuted as a hate crime One man says it may have been gang-related
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A new robotic suit could transform the lives of paralyzed people , giving them the ability to walk again . A lightweight robotic suit can help some wheelchair users walk . The invention , known as ReWalk , acts like a kind of exoskeleton . It consists of lightweight , motorized leg supports and an assortment of intricate motion sensors . Users wear a backpack that holds a computerized control box which helps the medical device recognize when a step needs to be taken . "  Standing changes my whole environment . I do n't have to look from the bottom up . Now I am eye to eye with everybody , " Radi Kaiof , who has used the device , told CNN . Kaiof , a former Israeli soldier , was paralyzed from the waist down 20 years ago . He does n't have feeling in his legs but is still able to move with the use of the robotic suit . Watch Kaiof walk with the assistance of the suit " With the assistance of crutches , which offer balance and support , people paralyzed from the waist down can walk , bend , sit and even climb stairs when they wear the suit . The futuristic invention offers an alternative to using a wheelchair for those who have functioning upper bodies and are capable of standing with the use of supports . It is the creation of Dr. Amit Goffer , an engineer and founder of Haifa , Israel-based high-tech firm Argo Medical Technologies . Goffer was inspired to create the device more than a decade ago after he became disabled in an accident . The medical technology that could help paraplegics do what was once considered impossible is n't available for purchase yet . The device was n't ready for testing until late 2007 and currently is in clinical trials in Tel Aviv . More trials are planned for the United States and Europe , and if the product receives the necessary approvals , it could hit the market in 2010 . The price of the device has n't been set yet , but is expected to be comparable with the typical average yearly expense of using a wheelchair . The robotic suit improves the quality of life of people paralyzed from the waist down , according to Goffer , who wanted to give paraplegics an alternative to using a wheelchair . It also benefits their overall health since it keeps their bodies active all day long , he says . But when it comes down to it , the invention is all about helping people regain respect . Dignity is "  the No. 1 problem " for people who use wheelchairs , says Goffer . For Kaiof , the former soldier , the robotic suit has changed his life . Before he tried it on , his daughter had never seen him stand before . When he stood before her for the first time , she could n't believe just how tall he was , he recounted to CNN .	Robotic suit developed in Israel helps paraplegics walk again Device gives paralyzed people alternative to using a wheelchair Invention currently in clinical trials and could be on the market by 2010
CNN  -- Equestrian champion Ingrid Klimke could ride a horse before she could walk , such is the fondness her family holds for the animals . The German 's father , Reiner , won an incredible six Olympic gold medals spread across five separate installments of the Games between 1964 and 1988 before his death in 1999 . His dream was for one of his children to follow in his footsteps and participate at the Games , which Ingrid duly did in Sydney in 2000 . And eight years later Ingrid became the second Klimke to clinch a gold medal when she was part of the German three-day eventing team that triumphed at the 2008 Beijing Olympics . Klimke has now competed in three Olympics and has also claimed a host of domestic and international titles over a 21-year career in the sport . CNN 's Human to Hero show caught up with the 43-year-old and her horse FRH Butts Abraxxas , nicknamed "  Braxx , " at her home in Munster , Germany as she prepares to saddle up for her fourth Olympics in London . Starting out "  My mother says that I could ride , or sit on a horse before I could walk . I just grew up with horses , " Klimke told CNN . The 43-year-old did a Masters in Equestrian Management after university and trained in dressage , stadium jumping and three-day eventing . Klimke began competing in the late 1980s and opened her own stables in 1998 . Heroes It is no surprise Klimke 's father has been the most influential person in her career . Learning from a five-time Olympian has helped shape her own successful path in the sport . "  My father was a wonderful dressage rider , but he also started with eventing . In 1960 he took part at the Olympics in Rome as an eventer , but then afterward he started doing dressage , " she said . "  He counted in Olympic years because for him the Olympics was just his thing . His dream was that one of his children would go to the Olympics . "  Later I could work out whether I preferred more dressage or more eventing -- that 's why I still do both . " Setbacks Injuries are part and parcel of any rider 's career , and Klimke has had her fair share of bumps and bruises . "  I think if you have a life with horses you have injuries , and I 've had some falls , " she said . "  Last year I fell at Badminton  England 's prestigious horse trials  and I damaged my knee -- so that put me out for three months right in the middle of the season . You always have to take your time to come back . " Olympic memories Klimke 's appearance in London will be her fourth Olympics , having competed in Sydney , Athens and Beijing , but her gold at the Games in China was her first . "  Sydney was my first four-star event and it was a very tough , long course , 13 minutes up and down . It was hot ! " she said . "  The Olympics is the thing I grew up with and that 's why I keep going with my next generation of horses , hoping one of them will be able to follow in Braxx 's footsteps . "  You must always have dreams and goals never rest , never think you have had it all -- then it is better to quit -- but I would love to keep going . "	Germany 's Ingrid Klimke to compete in her fourth Olympics in London this year The 43-year-old won gold for Germany as part of three-day eventing team at 2008 Games Inspired by father who won six gold medals at five separate Olympics from 1964 to 1988 Klimke has won a host of international and domestic titles in a career spanning 20 years
CNN  -- A cargo train with stowaway migrants on board derailed in southern Mexico on Sunday morning , killing five people and injuring 17 more , officials said . At least 250 Honduran migrants were traveling on the train when it derailed , the government of Mexico 's Tabasco state said in a statement . Rescuers were at the scene in a remote area of the state on Sunday , civil protection officials said . Photos showed overturned train cars and injured victims on the tracks . Eight cars overturned in the derailment , which happened around 3 a.m. in the municipality of Huimanguillo . The train 's engine and first car stayed on the tracks , allowing authorities to use them to transport injured victims to a regional hospital , officials said . The locomotive derailed after heavy rains in the area softened the earth around the tracks , state officials said . In addition to the hundreds of stowaway migrants aboard , CNN affiliate FOROtv reported the train was carrying scrap metal . Mexico no longer has a nationwide passenger rail system , but thousands of Central American migrants hitch rides on freight trains heading north toward the United States . On the train , nicknamed "  The Beast " and "  the train of death , " they often huddle on rooftops and cram into spare spaces between cars . All of those who died or were hospitalized after Sunday 's derailment are Honduran , officials said . El Salvador 's foreign ministry said consular officials were heading to the area to help any Salvadorans who may have been injured . Mexican Foreign Minister Jose Antonio Meade said in a Twitter post that officials are communicating with authorities in Central America over the derailment and offering assistance to injured victims . Representatives from the private railway company that operates the cargo train route could not be immediately reached for comment . CNNMexico.com , CNN 's Samuel Santamaria and journalist Merlin Rodriguez contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 5 people were killed and 17 were injured , officials say NEW : Officials say the victims were Honduran migrants Hundreds of Honduran migrants were aboard the cargo train , officials say The cargo train was carrying scrap metal , FOROtv reports
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Georgia Pandermi is looking for her first job , and she 's not having much luck . "  Even at bars or restaurants . I thought it would be easier to find something as long as I was n't being very demanding , " she told CNN . Pandermi , 18 , is a recent high school graduate in the middle-class Athens neighborhood of Patissia . She has already asked at several shops and a supermarket but says that there are no jobs to be had . She 's not alone . Dilemma for Greek youth : Fight or flee The latest Greek employment data shows that more than half of people under the age of 25 are out of work . As of May 2012 , 53.8 % of young Greeks were unemployed , according to Eurostat , the statistics division of the European Commission . And things may be about to get even harder for Greece , which is relying on international funding to pay its debts . Media reports in Greece and abroad say creditors are demanding the government extend the working week to six days , as a condition for releasing more funds as part of the country 's second bailout . A leaked letter reportedly sent to Greece 's finance and labor ministries from the troika -- the International Monetary Fund , the European Central Bank and the European Union -- is believed to order drastic labor market reforms to minimum wages and working hours . CNN has not seen the letter or its contents , but the rumor is enough to upset Greeks like Pandermi . "  I do n't like the idea of changing the working hours , " she said . "  The government has been making promises that it will protect us , and then it introduces more measures . If it now takes away employees ' rights , who will protect us when we are asked to work longer hours for the same amount of money ? " she asked . "  Also , they want to cut all our benefits , and salaries have been cut by 30 % in many cases . We ca n't live like that . Greece is an expensive country . The cost of living is not going down , but the money we make is getting less and we have to pay more for services . " Your guide to the euro crisis Greece has already agreed to a harsh austerity program and labor market reforms , which have led to violent street demonstrations and crippling unemployment . Now the Greek government is seeking new ways to implement budget cuts of 11.5 billion euros  $ 14.49 billion  to ensure the country receives its next bailout installment in October . Greek economist Yanis Varoufakis says that the troika 's diagnosis of the labor market is "  utterly erroneous " and that the greatest challenge for employers is not a lack of cheap labor but a shortage of demand for their products . Varoufakis expects the message of the IMF to be welcomed by eurozone electorates . "  It resonates well with the average German voter , that the Greeks deserve a bit of a kicking ... and they 've been having it too good for too long . So you have this confluence of false economic analysis and a stereotype in the north of Europe as to what the problem with Greece is , " he told CNN . Last month , Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin to plead for more time to push through reforms to public finances . Members of the 17-nation currency bloc are waiting for the troika 's report on Greece 's troubled economy , due at the end of September , before making a decision . Until then , Greece is likely to take a back seat , as investors focus on whether the European Central Bank will intervene in the bond markets to help other ailing nations such as Spain and Italy . More : Why is unity so important to Europe ? However , Varoufakis says a Greek exit from the eurozone is not likely soon . He said : "  They ca n't kick Greece out  of the euro  without jeopardizing the whole of the eurozone ... they would love to get rid of Greece , but they ca n't without ensuring the domino effect wo n't destroy the eurozone . " But he is concerned that if international and eurozone partners continue to make such severe demands , the debt-ridden nation will transform into a "  mafia-ridden " protectorate . "  More cuts , more reductions in minimum wages , further incursions into the welfare state , an effective collapse of social security . The vicious cycle will leave nothing standing , " he added . For Pandermi , the job seeker , the future seems bleak -- not just for her , "  but for future generations , " she said : "  I am worried that as I grow older , there will be no free health care or good education for my children . Everything will be in private hands and we will have to pay a fortune for basic things . They should not be allowing this to happen in a democratic country . " Elinda Labropoulou reported from Athens , and Oliver Joy reported from London .	Media reports say that creditors are demanding an extension to the Greek working week Eurostat : As of May 2012 , 53.8 % of young Greeks were unemployed Eurozone members are waiting for the troika 's report on Greece 's troubled economy
CNN  -- Jay Lin is the embodiment of the American dream -- and what is increasingly a Chinese dream . Originally from Wenzhou in eastern China , he moved to New York City as a teenager . After earning degrees from Ivy League universities -- Cornell and Columbia -- he secured a comfortable job in a bucolic town in Connecticut . Now he is helping others in China follow his path , where the desire for elite U.S. education is alive and well . In the last decade , mainland Chinese have reshaped the international student body at U.S. colleges and universities , notably at Ivy League institutions . In the 2009-2010 academic year , China surpassed traditional "  study abroad " heavyweights like Canada , India and South Korea , to lead international enrollment across U.S. higher education , according to the Institute of International Education . The U.S.-based institute 's most recent figures reveal that mainland Chinese students increased 23 % to more than 723,000 in the 2010-11 academic year . A rising generation of affluent students While Chinese students traditionally went abroad when they failed to secure a place at a top-tier local university , the best students are now forgoing elite Chinese universities to study in the United States , according to Lin , now academic director of Ivy Labs Education , an admissions consultancy in Beijing . Many Chinese are seeking a higher quality of education that will train them to become independent and creative , he said , and they see the world 's top-ranked universities are in the United States . China 's economic reforms and "  opening-up " that began in 1978 under Deng Xiaoping gave rise to the first major generation of students , who were generally reliant on scholarships to study in the United States , according to Chen Shuangye , an assistant professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong 's Department of Educational Administration and Policy . Coinciding with China 's rapid economic growth , a distinctive second generation emerged in the mid-1990s comprising much more affluent students , Chen said . "  There is a great increase in the phenomenon because  mainland Chinese  do n't rely on scholarships anymore . " Starting early at boarding schools The factors driving mainland Chinese to study in the United States come into play much earlier , Lin said , noting an influx of foreign Chinese students into private U.S. secondary schools , starting around 2005 . Chinese parents send their children to private U.S. high schools as a "  strategic decision " to strengthen their candidacy for elite U.S. universities , Lin said . A growing number also want their children to lead happier lives rather than have them consumed by preparing for the "  gaokao " in China -- the one-time , high-stakes national university entrance examination that is the sole determinant of admission . "  The goal of education in mainland China is to prepare you to take the gaokao . Everything else is secondary . In China , you would put the gaokao in the center ... whereas ... in American education , you put the student in the center , and everything else serves the best interests of the student . It 's not exclusively about  getting into  college . " While U.S. boarding schools desire Chinese students both for their dollars and diversity , they walk a "  very fine line ... when it comes to recruiting Chinese students , " said Lin , who assisted with admissions during his tenure teaching at Connecticut 's Cheshire Academy . Boarding schools typically admit four to five students of any foreign nationality per grade level , with international students comprising up to 20 % of the overall student body , Lin said . With about 100 students for each of the four grade levels , this means admitting a maximum of 20 mainland Chinese , or five percent of the student body . "  A school could easily fill itself with all Chinese students , but no school 's going to do that ... It 's a double-edged sword -- if you have too many Chinese , then the Chinese will stop coming to your school , and also , Americans will stop coming to your school . " Driving international enrollment at U.S. universities By virtue of their size , U.S. universities can accept a much higher number of Chinese students than boarding schools . Since 1999 , China was the second leading place of origin for international students at Harvard , trailing only Canada . Its student numbers steadily increased to lead Harvard 's international enrollment since the last academic year , with 686 students currently enrolled  nearly 16 % of the international student body . China similarly dominates international enrollment at other Ivy League schools , including Yale and Princeton . "  International students are seen very favorably as whole , as a way to diversify and really become a global institution , " said Rachel Rubin , a lecturer at Boston 's Emmanuel College and a specialist in higher education admissions policy . "  Also economically -- it 's very advantageous for elite schools to admit international students because the bulk of them can pay full tuition , " she added . As such , there is "  a lot of favoritism " toward such students , as financial aid budgets have been cut over the last decade , she said . Limits to international enrollment at U.S. universities But while mainland Chinese students dominate international enrollment , they comprise a small fraction of the overall student body . This is even more the case at the undergraduate level , as most international students are graduates . Harvard has "  no quotas or limits for international students , " according to Harvard spokesperson Kevin Galvin . "  All students are considered in the same pool for all places in the incoming class , regardless of citizenship or the school they attend . " Rubin said she has not come across evidence of undergraduate quotas for international students but found it was standard practice for top-ranked schools to assess them as a separate pool rather than with the entire pool of applicants . Some U.S. colleges and universities aim to recruit an undergraduate cohort with around 10 % international students , according to Susan Joan Mauriello , founder of the Hong-Kong-based ApplyIvy consultancy , adding that the percentage depends on the strength of the applicant pool . Bringing U.S. education to China As U.S. campuses can not fully support the demand from China , Lin sees an opportunity in bringing international education to China , beginning at the secondary level . The trend can already be seen in U.S. universities establishing local degree-granting branches . Next September , New York University will welcome its first undergraduate cohort at its new Shanghai campus . "  Instead of sending Chinese students to secondary schools in America or other foreign countries , we want to bring international curriculum into China so they do n't need to travel outside the country , " Lin said . He helps local high schools incorporate international systems , such as the International Baccalaureate and A-Levels , alongside Chinese curriculum . Students at these "  Chinese versions of international schools " are typically Chinese nationals , who are restricted by government policy from attending full-fledged international schools , which cater to expatriates . "  My dream is to see international schools in China accessible to Chinese citizens and other nationalities together in the same school , " Lin said . "  That 's the future . "	Mainland China has led international enrollment in U.S. higher education since 2009 Mainland Chinese students increased 23 % to more than 723,000 at recent count Boarding schools , universities desire Chinese students for dollars and diversity International curriculum , university campuses setting up in China to meet demand locally
CNN  -- It 's been almost 15 years since "  The Baby-Sitters Club " held its last meeting , when author Ann M. Martin decided it was time to move beyond Kristy , Claudia , Mary Anne , Jessi and their friends from the popular book series . But Martin has continued to write about adolescent experiences , from first loves to dyslexia and bullying . Her latest book , "  Rain Reign , " out Tuesday , is told from the perspective of a fifth-grader with high-functioning autism . Rose Howard is obsessed with homonyms , prime numbers and following the rules -- something her teachers , classmates and single father do n't understand . She feels most at ease around her dog , Rain , but everything changes when a superstorm hits their small town and Rain disappears . "  Rain Reign " is n't the first time Martin has included autism in one of her books , but it was a new experience for her to write using the first-person voice of a child with autism . Below is a transcript of our interview with Martin , edited for brevity and clarity . CNN : Where did you get the idea for "  Rain Reign " ? Ann M. Martin : I would say that it 's been a long time in the making . The character of Rose has been percolating for a while , but the very beginnings of this story go back decades to the 1970s when I was in high school and college . I was fascinated with autism , and I began working the summers at a school in Princeton , New Jersey , for kids with autism . The interest has never left me . I minored in special education when I was in college . I wrote twice before about kids with autism but never from the point of view of the person with autism . Rose was the first one , and I just could almost hear her voice in my head , and her obsessions and idiosyncrasies were becoming clearer and clearer to me . My editors Jean Feiwel and Liz Szabla and I had been talking about my writing another dog story . We had talked about a superstorm in some way because here in Ulster County  New York  , where I live , we were hit incredibly hard by Hurricane Irene . It was very devastating in this area . All of these things came together at the same time -- a dog story , Rose and the storm -- and eventually the pieces came together . CNN : How did you develop Rose 's voice ? Martin : I thought it was going to be difficult . When I wrote "  A Dog 's Life , " which was the first dog story I wrote , I had to experiment for a long time . It was told from the point of view of Squirrel , a dog , and I had to do quite a bit of experimenting with her voice before I settled on it . Rose 's voice seemed to come to me more naturally . I think already knowing what her obsessions were , not only homonyms but prime numbers and rules , helped because her interests crept into her voice and helped shape it . So it was n't as challenging as I had thought it was going to be . CNN : Rose details her favorite homonyms throughout the book . What is your favorite homonym ? Martin : I have a lot , because I am just almost as interested in homonyms as Rose . The more different the spelling is for a pair of homonyms , the more interesting it is to me . One of my favorites that Rose discovers and mentions towards the end of the book is "  soared " and "  sword . " CNN : What did you enjoy most of working on "  The Baby-Sitters Club " series ? Martin : Once I found a rhythm and developed the characters , I liked not having to say goodbye to them at the end of each book . On the other hand , by the time I wanted to end the series , I really felt it was time . I had told everybody 's stories as well as I wanted to , and it was finally time to say goodbye and let them graduate from eighth grade . I also wanted to spread my writing wings and try different things , write in different time periods . I think we all felt it was time to end the series . But I love hearing from adults who read "  The Baby-Sitters Club " books as children . CNN : You worked with other writers on "  The Baby-Sitters Club " series after the demand became too great and sent them outlines for future BSC books . What was that process like ? Martin : I really enjoyed it . I had been an editor before I became a full-time writer , so this was like putting my editorial hat back on . I am a huge outliner . I outline everything . The authors that my editors , and I chose to write the other books in the series were people who either I had worked with or the editors had worked with before and we felt that they could continue the voice of the characters . We kept the number of other writers very small to try to maintain this consistent voice for the series , and each of the authors had read all of the books in the series up to the point from which they would be writing so they would have the background . I trusted the writers we had chosen , and I felt that we worked really well together . I almost did n't have a choice , because there is no way I could have written all those books myself ! I felt that this was the best of both worlds because I could n't do it myself , but this was the schedule that Scholastic wanted , so it became what I thought was a very nice group effort . CNN : What do you think of the status of middle school fiction right now and where it 's going ? Martin : It is different from where it was when I first started writing . There is more fantasy , more sci-fi adventure and vampires , and I think it 's interesting . I have a feeling in a few years , things will take a turn . The most important thing is , as long as kids are interested and turn into readers , especially avid readers , I think that 's fabulous . Most kids become eclectic readers , which is great , and that 's my hope for any reader , to find things that they love and hopefully those will lead them to other things . CNN : You 've tackled a lot of different issues in your books . What are some other things you 'd like to cover in the future ? Martin : I would like to think maybe about writing fantasy in the near future . I 've touched on it when I write the "  Doll People " books with Laura Godwin , but she is the one with more of a handle on writing fantasy . So to write fantasy , even a light fantasy , would be a real challenge . I was thinking more in that direction than touching on another issue , which is not to say I wo n't do it ; I just have n't been thinking about it . When I was growing up , some of my favorite books were light fantasy , like the "  Doctor Dolittle " books , "  Charlie and the Chocolate Factory , " "  James and the Giant Peach " and "  Mr. Popper 's Penguins , " but for whatever reason when I began writing , the stories were much more realistic . So , I think it would be fun to tackle fantasy on my own .	Ann M. Martin 's latest book , "  Rain Reign , " hits shelves Tuesday Martin is best known for her popular "  Baby-Sitters Club " series Martin has tackled many issues in her books for children
CNN  -- The powerful leader of the Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah weighed in on the conflict in Syria on Wednesday and defended the country 's embattled president . "  A majority of the Syrian people believe in the regime and support Bashar al-Assad , " said Hassan Nasrallah , speaking on television in Lebanon . It was the first time Nasrallah has talked about the demonstrations inside Syria publicly . Hundreds of people have died after anti-government protests that began out in mid-March , and in recent weeks , Syrians have fled to Lebanon to escape the clashes between protesters and security personnel . Nasrallah said that the ferment across the Middle East and Syria was a "  doorway for Israel and the United states " to interfere in Middle Eastern affairs . "  The fall of the Syrian regime is in the interest of America and Israel , " he said . As a resistance movement , he said , Hezbollah has the responsibility "  to be protective of the security , stability and peace of Syria 's regime , people and army . " But at the same time , he asked his fellow Lebanese not to interfere in Syrian affairs . Hezbollah , which is backed by Syria and Iran , is anti-United States and anti-Israel , and the United States has classified the movement as a terrorist organization . Hezbollah is suspected of many attacks over the years , and it fought a war with Israel five years ago . It is a political movement in Lebanon and has a presence in the country 's parliament and government . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Hassan Nasrallah speaks on TV about the Syrian demonstrations He says most Syrians support Bashar al-Assad and believe in his regime Iran and Syria have supported Hezbollah
CNN  -- Elisabeth Hasselbeck , co-host of "  The View " and author of the new book , "  The G-Free Diet , " spoke Wednesday with Larry King . Elizabeth Hasselbeck , of "  The View , " says Bristol Palin is an ideal choice to speak about teen abstinence . Hasselbeck offers her thoughts on being the sole conservative on her show , Elizabeth Edwards dealing with her husband 's infidelity , Bristol Palin being abstinence spokeswoman and her battle with celiac disease . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : Were you surprised that "  The View " made the most influential list of Time magazine ? Elisabeth Hasselbeck : I sure was . I think it 's truly a tribute to what Barbara  Walters  has done and the show that she created along with Bill Geddie , our executive producer . It 's a great place for women to come to and listen -- men , as well . But , also , for us to get there every day and discuss everything from politics to motherhood and parenting . But it was a shock . I think any time you receive an honor such as that , it 's shocking . Watch Hasselbeck defend Bristol Palin " King : As the definitive conservative in the group , do you feel like the outcast ? Do you feel put upon ? Hasselbeck : I never feel like an outcast there . If anything , I feel more included than ever . I mean , truly that is a table where respect is number one , in terms of we sort of have a vow to one another . And we could n't come there every single day and talk about the things that -- that we discuss and have the debates that we do and get as fiery as we do and get back there the next day if there was n't that respect at the table and true value for the others ' opinion . I mean the more we tend to disagree , I think the more we sort of dig deeper into that relationship . King : So the anger does n't carry over ? Hasselbeck : No . I would n't even classify it as anger . I think it 's passion , and I think it 's passion with purpose . You know , we do believe different things at times . Occasionally , we agree . It may not be that interesting when we do , but there is passion . It is coming from different places , but we love that conversation . I love being able to hear someone else 's opinion on a subject and maybe sort of , you know , push a button here and there and see what they think about what I have to say . King also talked with Hasselbeck about Bristol Palin , the daughter of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , being a spokeswoman for abstinence . King : What do you make of that choice ? Hasselbeck : I think she 's the perfect choice . She has a tangible , living example of what this new responsibility is in her life . I believe that there is a sort of sadistic giddiness on the part of some true radical leftists , who are laughing behind-the-scenes about Bristol Palin 's situation . Why are they so obsessed with her being a spokesperson for this ? She 's promoting a great thing -- abstinence . Find me something else that works 100 percent of the time . King : Elizabeth Edwards has gone public about her pain about her husband 's infidelity . Yesterday on this show , Elisabeth Hasselbeck , Joy Behar , your compatriot , called John Edwards a dog . Do you agree ? Hasselbeck : You never understand the intimacies of someone 's relationship with their spouse -- I mean or boyfriend , partner , etc. . Those are places that only the two people truly understand . I think we 're also looking at a woman of incredible strength , having looked at cancer and battled through . I believe that nothing , truly , can compare to that . And , you know , it 's unfortunate . I think this alleged affair and , you know , disturbance , even in terms of allegedly funding his mistress ' foundation , is even more complicating the matter . The idea of another child in the mix  is  disturbing as well . King : Elisabeth , Miss California USA Carrie Prejean -- first , the controversy over gay marriage statements and now scandal over semi-nude modeling photos of her . What do you think of the way she 's being treated in the media ? Hasselbeck : Well , I think there 's a very specific witch hunt going on here because she expressed her opinion . So now we 're going to dig and throw fear into the heart of any person who may want to freely express their opinion in the United States of America . That seems like a big bullying scheme to me . If she had answered the other way , would anyone have been searching for those photos ? Would they want to vilify her or remove what she 's been working for ? I do n't understand the pageant well , and I do n't know what her responsibilities were . Was she to represent the state of California in her opinions and was she to represent the opinions of a young woman who believed in her heart one thing ? That 's her personal opinion . I 'm not sure what her duties were or were to be . I do know this , though . I 'm not sure this investigation into any sort of photos or background or family members that they 're pulling out of left and right would have even occurred if she had given an answer on the other side . So it seems to me a bit of a bullying scheme , as I said before , and that disturbing . We should be able to have our opinions in this country and stand by them and at least be respected , at the very least . Later in the interview King talked with Hasselbeck about her new book , "  The G-Free Diet : A Gluten-Free Survival Guide . " King : Now ,  when  we think of gluten , we think of wheat , right ? Hasselbeck : Well , it 's actually more than that . Gluten is a protein found in barley , oats , wheat and rye . It 's more broad than most people actually think , so that is definitely a misconception out there . This has been a decade-long process for me . I have celiac disease , and I say out of diabetes came that low glycemic index diet and out of my celiac disease , I found this all-star diet . I call it my "  diet in the rough " because it is something that , even if I did n't have celiac disease , like many others , I would follow this diet . You know , over 10 years ago , I was diagnosed with IBS , thyroid issues . I was having infertility problems . People suffer miscarriage after miscarriage , stillbirth . It eventually leads to intestinal cancer . This is something that needs to be treated . But the diet is actually , yes , for people with celiac disease , for millions with food intolerance that is up like 25 percent in the past five years  and  for people who just want a healthy lifestyle . I mean I 'm on this diet before I 'm pregnant , during pregnancy and when I 'm trying to get back in my bikini to , you know , strut around in the summer .	Elisabeth Hasselbeck says "  radical leftists " laughing at Bristol Palin 's situation Hasselbeck calls Miss California USA controversy "  a big bullying scheme " Hasselbeck , who has celiac disease , wrote book on gluten-free lifestyle
Wired  -- When the new iPad says it 's 100 % fully charged , it may actually not be -- at least that 's been the word on the web the past few days . This has caused concern among iPad users hoping to get the most out of their device 's battery life , and the normally tight-lipped Apple has responded in order to clarify the issue . Here 's what 's going on : When the iPad is plugged in and reaches a full charge , it actually releases a small percentage of the charge , then charges back up , repeating this process until you unplug it . Once the iPad says it has reached "  100 % , " you are guaranteed at least 10 hours of battery life , which is what Apple promises of the tablet . This , according to Apple VP of product marketing Michael Tchao , is done so that devices can maintain optimum charge . "  That circuitry is designed so you can keep your device plugged in as long as you would like , " Tchao told AllThingsD . "  It 's a great feature that 's always been in iOS . " Apple did not immediately respond to our request for further comment . DisplayMate 's Raymond Soneira first noticed the issue in his testing of the new iPad , and published his findings online . "  If the new iPad is fully charged overnight , then my tests show it will run 11.6 hours , which is 1.2 hours longer than if it just charged to 100 % , " Soneira wrote in an email . Whatever is going on inside the battery , there is no need for alarm -- nobody 's actually having serious battery issues , like what happened when iOS 5 and the iPhone 4S debuted . You should get at least 10 hours of battery life out of your iPad if it 's the WiFi-only model , and 9 hours of life if it 's LTE . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Apple promises you 'll get 10 hours of battery life on a100 % charge If the new iPad is fully charged overnight , a test shows it will run 11.6 hours You should get at least 9 hours of battery life out of your iPad if it 's LTE
New Delhi  CNN  -- Police continued to block off a key government district in India Tuesday in an effort to stop protesters angered about the gang rape of a woman . Furious weekend demonstrations rocked the Raisina Hills section of New Delhi as public outrage surged . The protests started after a 23-year-old woman was sexually assaulted and beaten to near death on a bus on December 16 by a group of six suspects , now under arrest , police say . The security barriers throughout the Raisina Hills area , home to the presidential mansion , the parliament building and federal ministerial blocks , did not stop protests in other areas Monday . Read more : Police crackdown amid outrage over gang rape Scores of young students held demonstrations at the Jantar Mantar observatory , a regular protest site , some distance from the restricted area in New Delhi . Many demanded immediate convening of a special session of parliament to amend laws to make rape a crime punishable with death . "  We are not satisfied with the prime minister 's statement . Our protests will continue until parliament sits immediately to pass stringent laws on sexual assaults , " said Om Prasad , a protester . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh again expressed solidarity with the rape victim in a televised address on Monday . He also reiterated an earlier appeal for calm and a pledge of safety for women and children . Read more : Indian prime minister calls for calm after violence erupts during anti-rape rallies On Sunday , incensed protesters defied a police ban on demonstrations , clashing repeatedly with police . As officers sprayed water cannons , some dispersed , while others huddled tightly in a circle to brave high-pressure streams in the cold December weather . A police officer , who suffered injuries during the protests died in a hospital Tuesday , said police spokesman Rajan Bhagat . Also the 23-year-old rape victim remained in a critical condition at another hospital in the city . Doctors treating her said Monday her condition had worsened . She has been treated for internal bleeding and is receiving "  high doses of antibiotics " for an infection . Reported rape cases have increased more than tenfold over the past 40 years -- from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 , according to official figures . New Delhi alone reported 572 rapes last year and more than 600 in 2012 . Authorities have n't released the name of the rape victim , but protesters are calling her "  Damini , " which means "  lightning " in Hindi . Read more : New Delhi rape exposes the perils of being a woman in India	New Delhi 's government district is still under a lockdown The lockdown did not stop protests in other areas Monday Protesters demonstrate after the gang rape of a woman on a bus Police say the woman was badly beaten and left for dead
EW.com  -- How do you make a movie that tackles pornography not just as an " issue " or a product but in terms of its psychological effects ? Joseph Gordon-Levitt , the writer , director , and star of "  Don Jon , " has done it . And he 's pulled it off in a light , fun , unlaborious way : by crafting a high-spirited yet dirty-minded romantic comedy about a New Jersey bartender , Jon Martello  Gordon-Levitt  , who goes out to clubs and gets laid every weekend , usually with the curvaceous babe of his choice . She can never be the woman of his dreams , though , because those dreams have already been lost to the hardcore photographs and videos that he masturbates to every day . It 's not really the faces and bodies he 's coveting , it 's the behavior  $ " the moaning , screaming , make me your nasty toy insatiability , which he thinks is what sex was meant to be . He does n't realize that he 's watching a bill of goods made flesh . As Jon , Gordon-Levitt sports a buffed-up chest and hair greased into a stylish oil slick , and he speaks in low , flat tones , giving a witty turn as a studly " Guido " who digs his life of anonymous sex and control ; he 's like The Situation without the fame or preening smarm . One night out at the club with his wingmen Bobby  Rob Brown  and Danny  Jeremy Luke  , Jon spies Barbara  Scarlett Johansson  , as gorgeous a woman as he 's ever seen . He wants to get with her , and before long they 're an item . But then the disappointment sets in . In his mind , his heart , she ca n't compete with the extreme libidos of the porn world . It does n't help that she 's an " addict " too , hooked on rom-coms and their fantasy of a man who 'll cater to her every whim . Gordon-Levitt proves a natural filmmaker , nimbly staging Jon 's highly amusing Catholic confessions , along with porn montages that mimic the dopamine-charged editing of "  Requiem for a Dream . " He also gets a terrific performance out of Tony Danza as Jon 's hilariously blinkered brute of a dad . The bond between Jon and Esther  Julianne Moore  , the troubled older woman he meets in an adult-ed class , is n't as deftly drawn . She 's there to teach Jon lessons , and does . But Gordon-Levitt 's intuitive performance makes even this part of the film work . Jon is a guy who needs to quit his porn addiction , but to do that , he must understand that what he 's really been having is a dysfunctional relationship with porn . It 's the mistress he 's devoted to and has to break up with if he wants to start living . Grade : B + See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Joseph Gordon-Levitt is the writer , director , and star of "  Don Jon " He plays a New Jersey bartender who loves porn EW gives it a B + grade
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Before Amy Harned goes outside to work in her garden , she coats her face and neck with sunscreen , then puts on a hat , jacket and work gloves . Amy Harned , 48 , takes a lot of vitamins and maintains a healthy diet to manage her lupus . The 48-year-old is doing more than protecting herself from dangerous ultraviolet rays . She 's trying to keep the sunlight from triggering a flareup of her lupus . Harned , who lives in Webster , Massachusetts , is among the 1.5 million Americans who suffer from the autoimmune disorder . Lupus causes the body 's immune system to attack its own tissues , causing inflammation and damage . When Harned 's lupus was first diagnosed , she said she "  was really terrified , but gradually I got more information . " She realized with proper treatment she could lead a somewhat normal life . No two cases are alike , experts say . In fact , there are four types of the illness , ranging from mild to severe . Before effective therapies were developed , the disease was fatal more often , usually from overwhelming infection and kidney failure . Health Minute : Watch more on living with lupus " The Lupus Foundation of America estimated that more than 16,000 new cases develop every year . More than 90 percent of people with lupus are women , the group says . Experts are n't sure why . "  It clearly has to do with estrogen and estrogen receptors , " said Lisa Fitzgerald , a Boston , Massachusetts-based rheumatologist . Genetics can play a role as well . Not only does lupus run in families , but , Fitzgerald said , a person may be more susceptible if a relative has other autoimmune diseases such as multiple sclerosis . Environmental factors also may increase risk of the disease . Researchers believe that taking certain prescription medications , and even exposure to sunlight , can trigger the illness . Age is another risk factor . The Lupus Foundation says the condition is most often diagnosed when women are in their childbearing years between 15 and 45 . Harned 's symptoms developed 15 years ago , when she was 33 . "  My first symptoms with lupus were -LSB- that -RSB- my hands were swollen , " Harned recalled . "  They were very stiff , to the point that brushing my teeth was hard just holding the toothbrush . " The stiffness and achy joint pain are caused by inflammation brought on by lupus , Fitzgerald said . In addition to swollen joints , she said the other symptoms include fatigue , facial rash , fever , chest pain , swollen glands and sores in the mouth and nose . With such varied symptoms , diagnosis can be tricky . The American College of Rheumatology recommends doctors confirm four of 11 criteria for a proper diagnosis . A blood test and urinalysis are two of the ways doctors determine whether a patient has lupus . Researchers have come a long way in the last 50 years when it comes to understanding the condition , Fitzgerald said . "  The prognosis for lupus today is very good , " she said . "  The survival rate is really over 90 percent in five to 10 years of having the disease . In the 1950s it was probably 50 percent . " Part of the reason for the improved success has to do with better treatment in managing the condition . Over-the-counter nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs such as aspirin , naproxen and ibuprofen offer relief to some patients . Other lupus sufferers might be prescribed an antimalarial drug called hydroxychloroquine . "  It 's a quinine derivative . It 's quite safe , " Fitzgerald said . "  It can make a big difference for patients who have mild disease . " Fitzgerald added she also prescribes corticosteroids "  to squelch flareups . " While they work well , she cautioned they do have side effects . After 15 years of living with the condition , Harned has her own tricks for coping with lupus . In addition to taking daily prescription drugs , Harned controls the symptoms by eating a healthy diet and exercising , getting enough rest and taking what she called "  a ton of vitamins . " Some experts have touted fish oil and flaxseed as promising complements that may help ease inflammation . Harned also slathers her exposed skin with sunscreen containing SPF 45 . "  There is an aspect of ultraviolet light that can damage DNA in the cells , " Fitzgerald said . "  This sets off an inflammatory reaction that causes the rash we know as lupus rash . " While Harned is fully aware there is no cure for lupus , she described herself as someone who is not just managing her illness , but thriving . When she looks toward the future , she said she thinks , "  I had grandparents who lived into their 90s . So that 's what I 'm hoping for , maybe even 100 . " Linda Ciampa of Accent Health contributed to this report .	There are four types of lupus , ranging from mild to severe Diagnosis can be tricky because symptoms are varied Some experts say fish oil and flaxseed ease inflammation Most people with lupus are women , said the Lupus Foundation of America
CNN  -- If Pharrell Williams lived by Coco Chanel 's rule and removed one accessory before leaving for the Grammy Awards Sunday , we all would have been worse for the wear . The producer/singer/songwriter showed up in a hat that became the conversation piece on a night when the conversation should have been about the music . Somehow , Pharrell 's hat out-performed Taylor Swift , Willie Nelson , Imagine Dragons and Kendrick Lamar combined . When the artist first arrived on the red carpet , we could n't wrap our minds -- nay , our eyes -- around what we were seeing . The headgear seemed to be as tall as it was wide , and we could n't tell if Pharrell was channeling Smokey the Bear : Curious George 's hat-loving companion : Or was just a devoted fan of Arby 's . Of course it did n't take long until Pharrell 's Hat got its own Twitter account . In the end , what appeared to be a fashion faux pas turned into a style win by the end of the night . Beyonc 's hair during her opening performance of "  Drunk In Love " ? That 's another story . The superstar took the stage with a short hairstyle of wet waves -- an obvious reference to the hair she wears in the music video for the song . But Twitter took one look at the water-logged locks and went wild : We do n't think Queen Bey suffered as much criticism as Madonna did , though . While the 55-year-old mom explained that her black suit , hat and cane were chosen by her son , David  who wore a matching outfit  , that did n't make the armchair fashionistas any kinder . But , for all the talk about their outfits , all three artists walked away with bigger accomplishments last night . Beyonc stunned on the red carpet and off it with her performance , Pharrell walked away with the producer of the year  non-classical  Grammy award , and Madge helped marry off 33 couples -- yes , 33 ! -- during a performance of Macklemore & Ryan Lewis ' "  Same Love . " Stars rock all-white ensembles at Grammys Trent Reznor spitting nails after cutoff 5 things we loved about the 2014 Grammys	Pharrell Williams wore a hat to the Grammys that could n't be ignored Soon , it was one of the most talked-about moments of the night Beyonce 's hair and Madonna 's outfit were also turned into memes
The Supreme Court will undertake a major examination of privacy in the digital age , after accepting review Friday of a pair of appeals over whether police must obtain a warrant to search data on the cellphone of a person under arrest . Criminal suspects in Massachusetts and California were convicted , in part , after phone numbers , text messages , and addresses obtained from personal electronic devices linked them to criminal drug and gang activity . Oral arguments could be held as early as April , with a potential far-reaching ruling by June . The appeals are separate from President Barack Obama 's review of National Security Agency surveillance of metadata phone records . The individual search cases give the justices a timely opportunity to reenter the public debate over the limits of privacy in the digital age , with focus on the ubiquitous cellphone and its vast storage of information and video . That has left judges nationwide divided recently over how to apply a 40-year-old high-court precedent , which allows searches of items a suspect possesses following arrest . Should law enforcement have such easy warrantless access to possibly incriminating , even embarrassing , digital evidence , or should exceptions be created ? David Riley was arrested in 2009 for an expired registration on his vehicle . When authorities impounded the vehicle , loaded weapons were found hidden under the hood . After his arrest , San Diego police took a look at his smartphone . Text messages and contacts in the device led officers to believe Riley had organized crime connections , and video of another vehicle owned by the suspect was linked to an earlier drive-by shooting . He was convicted in state court and received a 15-year jail sentence . Separately , Brima Wurie was arrested in 2007 for selling two packets of crack cocaine . He had an old-style flip phone in his pocket , and police in Boston used call logs on the device to trace his real home address , after he gave a bogus one . There officers with a search warrant found more drugs , a weapon , and ammunition . He was later convicted in federal court . In neither case was a warrant sought by police before the phones were initially searched . But one appeals court upheld Riley 's conviction , while another tossed out Wurie 's . That split was likely the impetus for the Supreme Court to step in now and try to clarify search guidelines in these and future cases . The Constitution 's Fourth Amendment protects against "  unreasonable searches and seizures . " But the high court has repeatedly affirmed the government 's discretion to conduct warrantless initial patdowns and searches of persons and vehicles -- to ensure officers ' safety and prevent destruction of evidence . But privacy advocates and defense attorneys argue portable , easily storable technology makes these appeals different . "  Modern cell phones provide ready access to a vast array of personal data , and are distinct from the types of possessions , such as cigarette packages and footlockers , this -LSB- high -RSB- court has previously considered , " said Jeffery Fisher , a Stanford University law professor , and Riley 's attorney . "  Thus , a search incident to arrest could , at the touch of a button , become a search of private and confidential information such as medical records , banking activity , and work-related e-mails , " Fisher said . But California officials say for constitutional purposes , a cellphone is no different than a wallet when it comes to initial searches of criminal suspects . "  A custodial arrest of a suspect based on probable cause is a reasonable intrusion under the Fourth Amendment ; that intrusion being lawful , a search incident to arrest requires no additional justification , " said Kamala Harris , California attorney general . At least 85-percent of Americans own cellphones , according to recent surveys , many of the more sophisticated variety such as smartphones , that allow mass storage of personal information that can be easily shared . Not lost on the larger national debate over government searches was the fact the justices accepted these two petitions the same day Obama justified the electronic surveillance efforts by the National Security Agency . Obama announced changes to the way intelligence agencies will gather raw telephone records -- so-called meta data of numbers and times of phone calls by nearly every American . But he defended the need for continued intelligence-gathering efforts of domestic and foreign communications , to stop potential terror plots . The current cases are U-S v. Wurie  13-212  and Riley v. California  13-132  .	Court accepts two appeals on search warrants and cell phones Cases involve suspects in Massachusetts and California Arguments could be held as early as April
CNN  -- The Aflac duck lost its voice Monday after the insurance giant fired the comedian behind the commercial quack for tweeting jokes about the earthquake and tsunami that have devastated Japan . The Columbus , Georgia-based company fired Gilbert Gottfried less than an hour after discovering the tweets , according to a news release from Aflac . "  Gilbert 's recent comments about the crisis in Japan were lacking in humor and certainly do not represent the thoughts and feelings of anyone at Aflac , " Michael Zuna , the company 's senior vice president and chief marketing officer , said in a statement . The earthquake and tsunami have left more than 2,400 people dead and thousands more in shelters or missing . Most of the tweets attributed to Gottfried make light of the natural disaster in either a flippant or a sexual manner . The tweets include this , posted at 12:33 p.m. Saturday : "  Japan called me . They said ` maybe those jokes are a hit in the U.S. , but over here , they 're all sinking . ' " Another tweet , posted at 11:06 a.m. the same day , said : "  I was talking to my Japanese real estate agent . I said ` is there a school in this area . ' She said ` not now , but just wait . ' " Zuna said , "  Aflac Japan -- and , by extension , Japan itself -- is part of the Aflac family , and there is no place for anything but compassion and concern during these difficult times . " He added that the company was giving the International Red Cross 100 million yen  $ 1.2 million  to aid in disaster relief . Zuna also noted that Gottfried had not provided the quack for the Japanese version of the Aflac duck . Gottfried is perhaps best known as a character actor in such Hollywood movies as "  The Adventures of Ford Fairlane , " "  Problem Child 1 and 2 " and "  House Party 3 . " His high-pitched , gravelly voice also provided the dialogue for Iago , the parrot sidekick of an evil sultan 's adviser in the Disney cartoon movie "  Aladdin , " as well as subsequent sequels . He was also a one-season cast member of Saturday Night Live in 1980 . Gottfried issued a statement Tuesday apologizing for his "  attempt at humor regarding the tragedy in Japan . " "  I meant no disrespect , and my thoughts are with the victims and their families , " he said in the statement . Zuna said Aflac "  will immediately set plans in motion to conduct a nationwide casting call to find a new voice of the iconic Aflac Duck . " CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : Gottfried apologizes for his "  attempt at humor " Aflac says Gottfried was fired after tweeting jokes about the disaster in Japan The tweets were posted Saturday Aflac will hold national casting call for a replacement
Two West Virginia officers were shot and wounded Thursday in a traffic stop on Interstate 64 that led to the discovery of two bodies . According to state police Lt. Michael Baylous , two police officers from the town of Lewisburg pulled over a white Chevrolet SUV with North Carolina plates after learning it had been reported stolen . As the officers were conducting the traffic stop , a red Chevrolet truck pulled alongside them and the driver "  pulled a handgun and shot at both officers , " Baylous said . Group : Ambush attacks on officers increases The drivers of both Chevrolets then fled : the red truck "  went over the hillside and was eventually taken into custody , " while the other motorist "  drove behind a guardrail on the interstate and hid for a short amount of time , " according to Baylous . "  Eventually , he walked up to the interstate and turned himself into law enforcement without incident . " Neither driver has been named , but they informed police that they were father and son . When police searched the red truck allegedly being driven by dad , they found two "  recently deceased bodies " hidden under a mattress . "  It is believed that the victims are from North Carolina , " Baylous said . Baylous said , "  the two suspects will be arrested for malicious assault and attempted murder of a police officer . " The officers -- who also have not been named -- were taken to Greenbrier Valley Medical Center . Their conditions were not immediately known Thursday night .	State police : Motorist shoots at cops after they pull over son Police find two bodies , believed to be from North Carolina , in one of the vehicles Drivers facing charges
CNN  The HIV/AIDS epidemic might not make as many headlines as it used to , but it continues to infect tens of thousands in our country each year . And , unfortunately , some groups in the United States are being affected at the kinds of rates you would expect to see in hard-hit developing countries . National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day , being marked Saturday , is a good moment to reignite the conversation over a crisis that should have ended years ago . Despite representing only 13 % of the U.S. population , African-Americans account for nearly half of all new HIV infections each year . True , the impact of HIV varies across the black community -- HIV infection rates have declined among injection drug users , black women , and black infants born to seropositive mothers . And new HIV infections among black heterosexual men are stable . But the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  has recorded a troubling spike in new HIV infections among black gay and bisexual men . Black gay men have been the only black population in which new HIV cases have been growing since 2001 . Indeed , the CDC estimates that one in three black gay men in major U.S. cities is HIV positive . HIV deaths among African-Americans drop 18 % , CDC says Meanwhile , although HIV rates have declined among black women and black injection drug users , there are regions of the country where mortality among HIV-positive black women exceed other populations , while viral suppression , a goal of HIV medication that limits transmissibility to others and often ensures a long and healthy life , continues to remain elusive for many injection drug users . A common misconception about the higher prevalence of HIV among black people is that it is caused by engaging in more risk-associated behaviors . Several studies demonstrate that black Americans do not necessarily engage in more high-risk behaviors than others . So why are black communities typically disproportionately affected ? A new report released by the Foundation for AIDS Research tries to shed some light on this issue , and why the disparities have deepened over time . A close examination of the epidemic within the black population is important because it will mean that we are better equipped to fight HIV/AIDS in America through better understanding how racial discrimination , poverty , lack of access to health care and other socioeconomic factors contribute to the disproportionate burden of HIV among Black Americans . Given the fact that a substantial number of black Americans are uninsured or underinsured , the Affordable Care Act has been a crucial policy development for black Americans living with or at risk for HIV . Historically , many people with HIV were barred from accessing health care services . Now , health insurance programs expanded under the ACA are prohibited from denying coverage on the basis of preexisting conditions . Further , certain preventive services , such as routine HIV screening , must be provided at no cost to the beneficiary . And all plans must provide treatment . This is especially beneficial is tackling the problem as early HIV treatment has been found to reduce the risk of transmitting the virus to other partners by 96 percent . But obstacles remain in delivering health care to black Americans with HIV . For example , an essential tool to fight HIV and racial health disparities is Medicaid , the single largest source of coverage for people with HIV in the United States . However , a Supreme Court decision ruled that Medicaid expansion under the ACA can only be available to uninsured people living in states that choose to implement it . Unfortunately , about 20 states have opted out . In these states , an estimated 8.5 million uninsured Americans who would have qualified for full Medicaid coverage will most likely remain uninsured . Black Americans living in those states are twice as likely to be uninsured and more than six times as likely to have HIV . This is most notably the case in the Deep South , where nine states with high rates of HIV/AIDS diagnoses have opted not to expand Medicaid . Focusing on populations at highest risk for HIV -- especially black gay men -- must also be a priority . "  When new infections among young black gay men increase by nearly 50 percent in three years , we need to show more that their lives matter , " said President Barack Obama during a World AIDS Day address in 2011 . This mandate was heard , and notable efforts are now underway across various federal agencies to better address HIV among black gay men . One encouraging sign has been the way the private sector has responded . For example , a multi-million dollar initiative was just announced by ViiV Healthcare to address the HIV epidemic among black gay and other men who have sex with men in Baltimore , Maryland , and Jackson , Mississippi , two U.S. cities hit hard by HIV/AIDS . But more must be done . One thing that should be the focus of policymakers is ensuring that we prioritize and dedicate resources to boost treatment and prevention programs targeting black gay men , and improve care for HIV-positive black women and injection drug users We should also expand our education and awareness initiatives to diminish the stigma and discrimination that prevent too many people from seeking HIV testing , prevention and treatment services . And finally , we can do more to ensure proper access to health care for millions of Americans living in poverty and deliver essential care to people with HIV , and help prevent its spread . Closing the gap on racial disparities in the HIV/AIDS epidemic in the United States will require that we confront the underlying factors that fuel the epidemic among black Americans and tackle them head-on , with the urgency they deserve .	Saturday is National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day in the United States Greg Millett : African Americans account for nearly half of all new HIV infections each year
AOL Autos  -- With car companies going in into bankruptcy and shedding famous names left and right , it 's important to remember that today 's automotive titans started out as tiny startups , not unlike Silicon Valley entrepreneurs . General Motors was almost called International Motors Co. . Names like Ford , General Motors , Chrysler , Toyota and Porsche call to mind the huge corporate successes of the past and the great automotive families that survive today . But behind every brand name , there is a flesh-and-blood inventor , entrepreneur or industrialist . Most of the time , they gave their name to the companies . And that fame was often about all they ended up with . David Buick , who invented the overhead valve engine , founded the Buick Motor Car Co. in 1903 . William C. Durant , the industrialist who would eventually found GM , took over the company in 1904 , when it ran into financial trouble . Buick stayed on as a director , but left in 1908 , never making much money from the enterprise . He reportedly died in 1929 , unable to afford one of his cars . Durant kept the name for one of his company divisions and for the car , even though he worried that people might pronounce it "  Boo-ick , " according to one author . Strangely enough , the man who practically created General Motors single-handedly never really liked the idea of a ` Durant ' car . In another example , Robert Hupp invented the Hupmobile , ' a two-seat runabout , in 1908 . But he sold his stock in his Hupp Motor Car Company in 1911 . He turned around and founded the Hupp Corp. that same year . Investors in his first firm took him to court to make him drop the "  Hupp " from his new company 's name and they won . His own automotive glory quickly faded , although the Hupmobile survived until the 1940s . Swiss-born Louis Chevrolet 's experience was similar . Durant brought him into a new car-building venture in 1911 , hoping to trade on his fame as an absolutely fearless race car driver . Chevrolet left the company in 1913 , apparently unable to make the adjustment from racing to building production vehicles . But its name stuck to the new Chevrolet vehicles ; Durant reportedly liked its musical lilt . It could also work the other way around . In 1925 , Walter P. Chrysler got the naming rights to the Maxwell Motor Co. after he and another industrialist steadily bought up shares in the firm over a two-year period . Things turned out a little differently for Henry Ford . He suffered the ignominy of being booted from an early auto company that bore his own name . But his revenge was sweet . The Henry Ford Company , which traded freely on Ford 's early fame as an inventor , fired him in 1902 "  because he was spending all his time developing a race car , not a passenger car , " according to the Encyclopedia of American Business and Biography . AOL Autos : Ford 's ` Wonder Woman ' engineers most important new car After Ford was gone , the company was renamed Cadillac , after Antoine Laumet de la Mothe Cadillac , the French nobleman who founded Detroit in 1703 ; his heraldry became the model 's badge and the company became a part of General Motors in 1909 . After his firing , Ford quickly found investors to help him found his own firm , the Ford Motor Co. , in 1903 . He introduced the company 's first new vehicle , the Model and followed it up with other low-cost vehicles , including his greatest achievement , the Model T , in 1908 . Its price tag started at $ 850 and fell steadily as Ford introduced more production innovations . The young firm became phenomenally successful . AOL Autos : 10 classic American rides In the 1920s , he got the chance to buy the five-year-old Lincoln Motor Co. out of bankruptcy . It was then owned by one of the very people , Henry Leland , who fired him in 1902 . Then he used the former aircraft company to launch his own line of luxury cars bearing the Lincoln name . For its part , General Motors almost did n't get the name it bears today . Durant actually incorporated his company under the name "  International Motors Co. " , in New Jersey in 1908 . But his attorney advised him that it would be easier to raise capital under a new name . "  We might use ` United Motors Company ' were it not for the fact that there is already a United Motor Car Company in that state , " the attorney wrote . "  We suggest the name General Motors Company , as we have ascertained it can be used . " A newly coined French word , auto-mobile , inspired many vehicle names of the early years . Inventor Ransom E. Olds filed a patent for an "  auto-mobile " during the mid-1890s . Names like Bugmobile , Locomobile , Hupmobile , and of course , the Oldsmobile , could not have come along without it . The origins of some names can be tricky to trace . The first use of Jeep , for instance . is shrouded in mist . Jim Allen , the author of a book called "  Jeep , " concludes that it 's based on early World War II slang for "  a new , unproven recruit or a new unproven vehicle . " It was n't until 1950 that Toledo-based Willys-Overland , Inc. , one of the producers of the early four-wheel-drive vehicle , trademarked the term . Many of the names were not originally associated with the auto industry . The Toyota name came from the Toyoda loom works in Kariya , Japan ; When it turned to car production , the Toyoda family changed the 'd ' to a ` t ' to make it simpler and more elegant in Japanese script . AOL Autos : Top 10 best car names There 's little doubt about other brand names . Pontiac was an offshoot of the Pontiac Buggy Co. , a horseless carriage manufacturer named after a renowned Indian chief . Mechanic Soichiro Honda started producing motorized bicycles after the devastation of World War II and eventually graduated to cars . AOL Autos : Pontiacs we 'll never forget Volkswagen , a response to Adolf Hitler 's call for a car for the common folk , means ` people 's car ' in German , evidently beating out the prototype 's name , ` Strength through Joy , ' for the honors . In 1917 , the Rapp Engine Works became known as the Bayerische Motoren Werke GmbH , or Bavarian Motor Works  BMW  as the four-year-old airplane engine firm diversified into motorcycle engines , with a stylized white propeller against a blue sky as its logo , according to some authorities . The first BMW cars were produced 11 years later . The legendary Jaguar name is considered one of the best sports car names of all time . It beat out a long list of lackluster animal names compiled by a British ad agency in 1935 . In 1939 , Ford struck gold with Mercury , the fleet-footed messenger of the gods . It tapped into Greek and Roman mythology for the name , just as it did for the similarly styled Lincoln Zephyr , the god of the wind , three years earlier . Some other storied automotive brands are based on acronyms . Fiat stands for Fabbrica Italiani Automobili Torino , or Italian Automotive Works Turin . Similarly , Saab stands for Svenska Aeroplanaktiebolaget , or Swedish Aeroplane Ltd. , hearkening back to the automaker 's origins as an aircraft company . Ford might have done better with an acronym in 1958 . The Edsel was conceived as a new , distinct Ford Motor Co. brand , with its own models , badge and division . The mission was to take on GM 's Oldsmobile . After considering thousands of suggestions , Ford named the new brand after Edsel Ford , Henry Ford 's only child . He had been a major styling influence within the company and was its president at his fathers death in 1943 . The name Edsel was an immediate letdown . Ford stock fell 10 points on the day it was announced . One disenchanted executive predicted that the name alone would cost the new vehicle 200,000 units in sales . AOL Autos : Best and worst automotive designs of all time Its name was n't the sole reason for its failure . It did n't help that the country was in recession or that the new car seemed based on Ford and Mercury models . But all that did n't stop Edsel from entering the vocabulary as an idea or project fated to failure .	David Buick invented the overhead valve engine , founded Buick Motor Car Co. . Fearless race car driver Louis Chevrolet 's name stuck for its musical lilt The Henry Ford Company fired its namesake who later started Ford Motor Co. . Toyota name came from the Toyoda loom works in Kariya , Japan
Animal rights activists in Canada say a dog walker should be charged with animal cruelty after six dogs died inside her truck on a hot day . Originally , the dog walker told the pets ' owners that they had been stolen on May 13 , the British Columbia Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals said in a statement released Monday . But she later admitted they 'd died in her care , the SPCA said . The SPCA , which is leading the investigation into the alleged mistreatment of the dogs , will recommend that authorities pursue animal cruelty charges , said Marcie Moriarty , the organization 's chief prevention and enforcement officer . For days , the search in Langley , British Columbia , for the missing dogs -- Buddy , Teemo , Oscar , Mia , Salty and Molly -- drew attention online and in media reports as owners asked the public for help tracking them down and tried to raise money for the cause . The dog walker at first told police that they 'd gone missing after she left them in the vehicle while she was inside a bathroom at the dog park , Canadian public broadcaster CBC reported . She later confessed to private investigators that they 'd died in her vehicle . The dog walker admitted she was inside a business for about 45 minutes and left the dogs inside her vehicle , said Alesha MacLellan , a spokeswoman for Petsearchers Canada , a detective agency brought in by owners to help find missing animals . "  The dog walker said she panicked and disposed of the dogs , then made up story about them being stolen , " MacLellan said . "  After she disposed of the dogs , she drove to a park , where she was supposed to have taken the dogs originally , and said the dogs were stolen from the park . " All six dogs perished from heatstroke , the agency said . The Royal Canadian Mounted Police confirmed the dogs ' deaths last week and said that they were still investigating , adding that no charges had yet been filed . Prosecutors will have the final say on whether to charge the dog walker , Moriarty said . On a Facebook page and fund-raising site dedicated to the dogs , owners said they were planning to hold memorials for their pets . "  These dogs were our worlds and now we are all devastated and heartbroken . I am not sure if we will ever truly mend from this , " wrote Jenn Myers Ortner , whose black and white Boston terrier Buddy was among the dogs who perished . "  The tears just wo n't stop . "	The SPCA says it will recommend animal cruelty charges against a dog walker Six dogs died in the dog walker 's care ; originally , she said they 'd been stolen Police are investigating the dogs ' deaths ; devastated owners say they 're heartbroken
CNN  -- "  Benjamin Button " received more life , but Batman ended up in the dark . "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " scored a best actor nomination for Brad Pitt , here with Cate Blanchett . The nominations for the 81st annual Academy Awards were announced Thursday morning , and to nobody 's surprise , "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " did well , nabbing 13 nods to lead all films . The movie , about a man who ages in reverse , is a big film  almost three hours long  with big themes  death and love  and earned nominations for best picture , best director  David Fincher  , best actor  Brad Pitt  , best supporting actress  Taraji P. Henson  and best adapted screenplay along with eight nominations in other categories . "  This is a great honor for the movie , and I 'm especially happy for David Fincher , for without him there would be no Ben Button , " said Pitt in a statement . The film , based on an F. Scott Fitzgerald short story , has been a project of Fincher 's for years . Gallery : The major Oscar nominees " However , despite eight Oscar nominations , "  The Dark Knight " -- 2008 's box-office king -- only picked up one in a major category , that for Heath Ledger 's performance as the villainous Joker . The late actor , who died exactly one year ago Thursday , is nominated for best supporting actor , the same award he won posthumously at the Golden Globes almost two weeks ago . Commentary : CNN.com film critic Tom Charity rates the Oscar nominations "  The Dark Knight " had made the short lists for the producers ' , directors ' and writers ' guilds , but those honors were n't enough to qualify it for a best picture Oscar nomination . What do you think of the nominations ? Send us an iReport "  Slumdog Millionaire , " the sleeper hit about a Mumbai orphan who seeks fame and love through the Indian version of "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ? " , earned 10 nominations , including best picture , best director  Danny Boyle  and best adapted screenplay . The film , which struggled to find a U.S. theatrical distributor after its initial studio folded , has dominated the awards season thus far and is considered the front-runner for best picture . Watch star Anil Kapoor talk about the reaction the film has gotten " "  I 'm ecstatic , " Boyle said in a statement from Mumbai , where the film premiered Thursday . "  Thank you to the Academy from the cast and crew here in Mumbai where the film was made . ... It feels like you 've given us a billion nominations . " In a mild surprise , "  The Reader , " based on the best-selling novel about a postwar German boy who has an affair with an older woman with a Holocaust-related secret , took home nominations for best picture , best actress  Kate Winslet  and best director  Stephen Daldry  . "  The Reader " comes from the Weinstein Co. -- the studio headed by producer and master Oscar player Harvey Weinstein . "  I 'm extremely happy to have been nominated . And very fortunate . Playing Hanna Schmitz will always remain one of the biggest challenges I 've ever been blessed with , " Winslet said in a statement . The other best picture nominees are "  Frost/Nixon " and "  Milk . " Watch a rundown of the major nominations " The Oscar nominations included a handful of other surprises . "  Revolutionary Road , " featuring the heavyweight trio of Winslet , Leonardo DiCaprio and director Sam Mendes  "  American Beauty "  , picked up just one major nomination -- a best supporting actor nod for Michael Shannon 's portrayal of a troubled savant . Woody Allen , whose "  Vicky Cristina Barcelona " was widely praised , did n't receive his usual original screenplay nomination . He can take solace in his previous 21 Oscar nominations , including three wins . One of "  Barcelona 's " performers , Penelope Cruz , received a nomination for best supporting actress . iReport.com : Deliver your acceptance speech And Oscar favorite Clint Eastwood , who many believed would pick up an acting or directing nomination for his "  Gran Torino , " received neither . However , Angelina Jolie , who starred in Eastwood 's "  Changeling , " earned a best actress nomination . The nominations also highlighted some lesser-known talent . Character actor Richard Jenkins , best known for his role as the deceased patriarch on the TV series "  Six Feet Under , " received a best actor nomination for "  The Visitor . " Melissa Leo , an actress who has had roles in such TV series as "  Law & Order , " "  CSI " and "  The L Word "  as well as a regular role on "  Homicide : Life on the Street "  , earned a best actress nomination for her performance in "  Frozen River . " "  Frozen River " also earned a best original screenplay nomination . Two comeback stories received nominations : Robert Downey Jr. , who battled back from drug abuse and incarceration to star in two 2008 hits , "  Iron Man " and "  Tropic Thunder , " earned a best supporting actor nomination for the latter . And Mickey Rourke , who has received raves for his performance as a struggling fighter in "  The Wrestler , " got a best actor nomination . iReport.com : Who do you think will win ? "  Milk , " the biopic about pioneering gay politician Harvey Milk , earned nominations for star Sean Penn , director Gus Van Sant and its original screenplay as well as a best picture nod . "  Frost/Nixon , " about the 1977 interviews between David Frost and Richard Nixon , also received best picture , actor  Frank Langella  and director  Ron Howard  nominations as well as a nod for its adapted screenplay . Josh Brolin , who was overlooked by Oscar for last year 's "  No Country for Old Men , " received his first Oscar nomination . Brolin played Dan White , Milk 's assassin , in "  Milk . " "  To me , to question how a decent guy could resort to such a monstrous act ... It 's just my fascination with that kind of behavior , " Brolin told CNN.com Live of his reasons for taking the role . As for his competition , "  I could n't be happier to be in this group of people , " he said . Watch Brolin discuss the complexity of the role " Meryl Streep , nominated for "  Doubt , " received her 15th nomination , a record for a performer . The other major performers in "  Doubt " -- Amy Adams , Philip Seymour Hoffman and Viola Davis -- also were nominated in supporting categories . Israel 's controversial "  Waltz With Bashir , " an animated film about a soldier 's memories of the 1982 war in Lebanon , received a nomination for best foreign-language film . The category 's other nominees are "  The Baader-Meinhof Complex "  Germany  , "  The Class "  France  , "  Departures "  Japan  and "  Revanche "  Austria  . The nominees for best animated feature are "  WALL-E , " "  Kung Fu Panda " and "  Bolt . " "  WALL-E " also earned a best song nomination for Peter Gabriel 's "  Down to Earth . " It will compete against two songs from "  Slumdog Millionaire . " Bruce Springsteen 's "  The Wrestler " was left out of the category . The Oscars will be presented February 22 from Hollywood 's Kodak Theatre . The broadcast will air on ABC . Hugh Jackman is scheduled to host .	"  Benjamin Button " scores 13 Oscar nominations , including best picture , actor "  Slumdog Millionaire , " nominated for best picture , considered Oscar front-runner Heath Ledger , who died exactly one year ago , up for best supporting actor "  The Reader " does surprisingly well ; "  Revolutionary Road " mostly snubbed
New York  CNN  -- Defense attorneys for New York police officer Gilberto Valle , accused of a cannibalism plot , tried Thursday to show their client engaged in "  fantasy role-play " during online conversations with his three alleged co-conspirators . Reviewing aloud the text during cross-examination of prosecution witness Corey Walsh , defense attorney Robert Baum sought to make the FBI agent counter his prior testimony that Valle 's e-mails and online chats with others who said they were interested in cannibalism were real . Prosecutors have argued that Valle was "  deadly serious " about online plans to allegedly kidnap , rape , torture , cook and eat women . None of Valle 's alleged targets was ever victimized . Defense attorneys have argued that their client 's conduct was "  pure fiction , " "  make believe " and fantasy role-playing . Also Thursday , prosecutors submitted evidence to support their claim that Valle accessed a national database to look for information about three women -- twice in July 2011 and once in May 2012 . The evidence presented revealed Valle 's unique police officer identification number , which corresponds with the identification number used to search the names of his alleged victims . Graphic e-mails read at New York cannibalism plot trial Prosecutors also presented evidence that Valle had twice trained on the system and that he would have been instructed not to access the database for personal reasons . Valle is also charged with accessing the National Crime Information Center database illegally . The defense Thursday tried to show that Valle provided false information about the alleged targets ' locations to some people he wrote online . In one instance , Valle said the woman was at a college four hours away , even though she attended school in New York . In other instances , he said he was watching an alleged target , when she really lived in Ohio . Records indicate Valle never went to Ohio . Valle repeated the same conversations with the alleged co-conspirators months later , reintroducing the name of the alleged target , and renegotiating a price to kidnap her . Valle never gave addresses when asked and said in some instances he did n't have the women 's addresses , records show . Court records show that Valle did have the addresses of his alleged targets , from sending them a police charity card that he claimed would "  get  them  out of a minor traffic violation " if they are pulled over by police . Prosecutor Randall Jackson argued that the police charity card was a ruse -- an attempt to gain personal information about the women . Valle planned to kidnap three women during the week of February 20 , 2012 , prosecutors said , pointing to some of the e-mails and chats . Baum asked Walsh repeatedly if he still thought that those were real conversations . Walsh replied , "  Yes , sir . " The defense reviewed online chats between Valle and a man identified as "  Moody Blues " or "  Chris Collins " or "  meatmarketman , " who Valle met on the Dark Fetish Network . "  Meatmarketman , " who lives in the United Kingdom , bragged in one conversation about one of his past victims , sending Valle a picture , and saying "  tried her alive first , actually it was n't very good , very bloody . " Prosecutors : Officer was ` deadly serious ' "  Meatmarketman " expressed concerns in the conversations about cooking his victim to death and how it might affect the meat , adding he "  likes the idea of splitting the carcass . " In July 2012 , Valle told meatmarketman , "  I am working on a document , everything we need to carry this out . " Authorities said they found a document in Valle 's account on his wife 's laptop titled "  Abducting and Cooking Kimberly -- A Blueprint . " Walsh testified about the document , revealed in court , which contained a picture of Kimberly Sauer and personal information , including her bra size and shoe size . Sauer 's testimony Tuesday revealed that some of the information -- a different last name , birthplace , birthday and college education -- was inaccurate . The same document listed "  materials needed " and included a gag , rope , chloroform and a tarp for the trunk . The FBI never found any of these items in his possession . References to the blueprint were found in chats the FBI deemed "  fantasy role-play , " along with references to waterboarding and chloroform , terms frequently used in the online conversations . On redirect , the prosecution noted that none of the conversations between alleged co-conspirators made references to "  just fantasy , " "  make believe " or had instances where Valle wrote "  It 's not real , " and "  I am just talking fantasy , " as he did write in 80 % of the conversations with 21 other people found in his e-mail account . Walsh testified that some of these fantasy conversations contained some "  real " statements that reflected Valle 's state of mind . In many of the chats deemed fantasy , the prosecution noted that Valle discussed story-writing fantasy partners . One story he was working on with another person featured "  a restaurant that sells women in all varieties , sometimes grilled or roasted as whole , sometimes in steaks or pieces , sometimes a la carte , or in a buffet . " This was the fourth day of the trial of Valle , who has been a New York police officer for six years .	Defense team tries to paint Gilberto Valle 's conversations as fantasy Prosecutors say the police officer accessed database looking for info on women Prosecutors : Valle planned to kidnap three women during the week of February 20 , 2012
The Frisky  -- Soon after Betty White hosted "  Saturday Night Live , " I remember asking my friend Nate , a fellow "  Golden Girls " fanatic , what he thought of all the fuss around White 's meteoric comeback . He rolled his eyes , shrugged , and said , "  It 's just weird that everybody 's finally come around to realizing that Betty White is amazing . Where have they been ? " He was right : the recent trend of people catching on to the fact that Betty White is terrific felt patronizing , and not just because most were astonished that an adorable old lady could land a joke better than most "  SNL " hosts one-third her age  I 'm talking about you , January Jones  ; it was the belated appreciation of White 's fabulousness that made all of us look even sillier . The Frisky : Celeb twins - 10 famous females who come in pairs And now , there 's Joan Rivers . Rivers , younger than White by over a decade , has been working steadily since the 1950s , and , after this week 's release of a great new documentary about her life , "  Joan Rivers : A Piece of Work , " she is poised to become the Next Belated Big Thing -- for those who needed 60 years to catch on to the fact that she is wonderful . The Frisky : 6 celeb couples dish on their  cheap !  first dates Unlike Betty White , Rivers did n't have the benefit of starring in a series of beloved television shows , nor did she play characters as affable , matronly , or warmly dotty . Rivers honed her act as a stand-up in the 1960s , when few other women had the guts to talk about not being desired by men on stage or joke about women who were flying to Puerto Rico for illegal abortions on "  The Ed Sullivan Show . " The Frisky : 10 stars who  maybe  have secret babies Since then , she 's worked consistently -- if one seeks out her entry on Wikipedia , you ca n't find more than three years in a row where she has n't had a TV show . This is because Rivers , who defines happiness as a full appointment book , does n't have the luxury of turning down projects that are n't classy , or cushy , or critically celebrated ; she 'll sell her jewelry on QVC ; she 'll do commercials and perform on a cruise ship . She would wake up early , shoot an episode of her own TV show , or do a guest spot on another one , wrap for the day , then get downtown in time to do her weekly stand-up show at the Westbeth Theater . Joan Rivers loves to work , and she 'll stop only when she 's dead . The Frisky : 8 celebrity dudes describe their dream women So why did it take so long for audiences to respect not just her work ethic , but to realize how talented she is ? Based on the reactions so far to her documentary film "  A Piece of Work , " it seems that what people find most shocking is that she is actually one of the funniest -- and edgiest -- in the comedy biz . David Edelstein , in New York magazine , remarked how , after watching her stand-up in the film , he was "  ready to be her slave , " and added , "  I never knew she worked this blue , that she had this much Lenny Bruce in her . " The Frisky : Is "  Bachelorette " Ali really single ? A lot of the delayed appreciation for Joan Rivers has to do with the contempt familiarity breeds . She 's never left our sights , and even appeared more and more on our TV screen  winning "  Celebrity Apprentice " last year  over the years . And , why should she leave showbiz ? Her act is as resilient as her energy level , which , at 77 , is enviable . But , like anything else in comedy , Rivers ' comeback is also about timing . As Rivers ' agent says in the film , Joan knows that in order to get hit by lightning , you have to stand in the rain . And after 60 years of getting soaking wet , Rivers is about to get struck again where she stands -- feet planted firmly , and not going anywhere . The Frisky : 10 famous men stayed with their mistresses TM &  2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Joan Rivers has been working steadily since the 1950s "  A Piece of Work " shows she is actually one of the funniest people in the business The delayed appreciation for her has to do with the contempt familiarity breeds
A Nepalese man who stands no taller than a newborn has been declared the world 's shortest man in history . Chandra Bahadur Dangi , who says he 's 72 , earned the title with a height of 54.6 centimeters  21.5 inches  , Guinness World Records announced Sunday . Guinness editor-in-chief Craig Glenday traveled to the Nepalese capital of Kathmandu , where he oversaw the official measurements of Chandra at medical clinic . The Guinness World Record guidelines required three measurements of Chandra 's height taken over 24 hours , which included his length standing and lying flat . Chandra is more than an inch shorter than the current holder of the "  shortest man living " title , Filipino Jurney Balawing , who is 59.9 centimeters , or just under 2 feet . Balawing was awarded the title in June when he turned 18 . Guiness has also awarded Chandra the title of "  shortest man ever . " The previous record holder was Gul Mohammed of India , who measured 57 centimeters . He died at age 40 in 1997 . In contrast , Sultan Kosen from Turkey , who was awarded the ` tallest living man ' in February 2011 , is 2.5 meters , or 8-foot-3 . According to Guinness , Chandra lives in Rhimkholi , an isolated mountain village some 400 kilometers west of Kathmandu . A forest contractor who was cutting timber in Rhimkholi brought Chandra 's height to the attention of local media , Guinness said on its website . Chandra has five brothers and two sisters , according to Guinness . He is a weaver by trade , but also cares for his family and helps look after the village 's buffaloes and cows . "  I 'm very happy that I 'm being recognized by Guinness World Records and that my name will be written in book , " Chandra said after he was awarded the two Guinness certificates . "  It 's a big thing for my family , my village and my country . I am very happy . " According to Guinness , Chandra claims weigh 14.5 kilogram , or 32 pounds . Despite his age , he claims to have never taken any kind of medication or to have ever been examined by a doctor , according to Guinness . "  I 'm continually amazed that this record keeps getting broken , " Glenday said . "  Just when you think it 's impossible for the record to get any smaller , Mr. Chandra comes along and astonishes us all by being the shortest person ever measured . What I find equally remarkable is his age -- if he really is 72 , he is by far the oldest person to be awarded the shortest-man record in Guinness World Record 's 57-year history . " According to Guinness , Chandra said he will use the experience to make his country "  proud . " Chandra and his family plan to start a charity that will support him and his village . The world 's shortest living woman is currently 18-year-old Jyoti Amge from India at 62.8 centimeters , or just a little over 2 feet .	Chandra Bahadur Dangi is no taller than a typical infant "  It 's a big thing for my family , my village , my country , " he says Chandra claims to be 72 years old and weigh 14.5 kilograms
CNN  -- Boxing great Joe Frazier was laid to rest Monday in Philadelphia , one week after dying of liver cancer and four decades after capturing the world 's attention in an epic showdown with Muhammad Ali . Ali was among those at Frazier 's private funeral at Enon Tabernacle Baptist Church , along with other boxing luminaries such as promoter Don King and current World Boxing Council champion Bernard Hopkins , video from CNN affiliate CSN Philly showed . Civil rights activist Jesse Jackson and Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter were also in attendance . A program for the service billed it as the "  Homegoing Celebration of Joseph Frazier , " offering friends and family one last chance to pay their respects to the late 67-year-old athlete . He died November 7 , just a month after being diagnosed with liver cancer . Over his career , the former two-time heavyweight champion became a legend in his own right and personified the gritty working-class style of his hard-knuckled adopted hometown , Philadelphia -- the setting for the "  Rocky " film series , starring Sylvester Stallone as hardscrabble boxer Rocky Balboa . Nutter earlier called Frazier the "  quintessential Philadelphia boxer . " "  You could hear him coming , snorting and grunting and puffing , like a steam engine climbing a steep grade , " Bill Lyon wrote in a Philadelphia Inquirer column about Frazier , who was nicknamed "  Smokin ' Joe . " Frazier used his devastating left hook with impunity during his professional career , retiring with a 32-4-1 record . Frazier bested Ali in 1971 's "  Fight of the Century " at Madison Square Garden . In the 15th round , Frazier landed perhaps the most famous left hook in history , catching Ali on the jaw and dropping the former champ for a four-count , according to Frazier 's bio at the International Boxing Hall of Fame . Frazier left the ring as the undisputed champ after handing Ali his first professional loss . Ali won a 12-round decision in a January 1974 , rematch , setting the stage for the classic "  Thrilla in Manila " just outside of the Philippine capital in 1975 . Ali took the early rounds , but Frazier rebounded before losing the last five rounds . By the end of the 14th , Frazier 's eyes were nearly swollen shut , and his corner stopped the bout , according to the biography . After that loss to Ali , Frazier was knocked out by George Foreman in June 1976 . He came back for a fight in 1981 , but then retired from competition . Yet he remained linked to the sport and his adopted hometown , running a well-known boxing gym in Philadelphia for years .	A funeral is held in Philadelphia for famed boxer "  Smokin ' Joe " Frazier Muhammad Ali , Bernard Hopkins and Jesse Jackson are among those attending Frazier died a week earlier , a month after being diagnosed with liver cancer He staged several epic bouts with Ali and George Foreman
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russia is planning a "  comprehensive rearmament " of its military , President Dmitry Medvedev said Tuesday . A Russian T-90 tank rolls through Red Square during 2008 's Victory Day parade . The announcement comes amid concerns in Moscow over the performance of its forces during last year 's invasion of Georgia , an expert on the Russian military told CNN . Christopher Langton , an analyst at the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London , said the campaign against the former Soviet republic had revealed significant weaknesses within Russia 's armed forces . "  The Georgia thing was a wake-up call on a number of fronts , " said Langton , a former British military and defense attache in Russia . "  Things they expected to perform well did n't -- communications , the air force . It took five days , which is quite a long time , to suppress another country 's air defenses , quite a small country 's . " Medvedev said the "  most important task is to re-equip the -LSB- Russian -RSB- Armed Forces with newest weapons system , " in televised remarks to defense ministry officials . He said the process had already begun and would accelerate through 2011 . Medvedev insisted that falling prices for oil and gas -- which contribute significantly to Moscow 's budget -- would not force him to scale back on plans to modernize the military . The defense budget has "  virtually remained the same as was planned , " Medvedev said , "  despite our current financial problems . " The country will aim for 70 percent of its weaponry to be "  modern " by 2020 , Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov said , according to RIA-Novosti , the state-run news agency . Russia invaded Georgia , to its south , in August of last year -- the first time Russian military forces had engaged in an offensive outside their borders since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 . The conflict strengthened the hand of Medvedev , who favors reform , against generals who oppose it , Langton , the military analyst , told CNN . "  It gave Medvedev a chance to reply to opponents in Ministry of Defense : ` We need much more mobile forces , better weaponry , ' " Langton said . But Langton pointed out that Russia has been talking about modernizing its army almost since the end of the Cold War nearly two decades ago . Former President Boris Yeltsin announced in the early 1990s that Russia would replace its conscript army with a professional force by 2010 , Langton said -- a target it has come nowhere close to meeting . Modernization foundered on Russia 's need to bring in money by exporting arms , rather than using the products of its military-industrial complex itself ; opposition from entrenched interests in the Ministry of Defense , which opposed downsizing ; and in the face of a national security strategy that focused on conflicts like the two Chechen wars . Former President Vladimir Putin staked his popularity in the late 1990s on winning the second war with the restive Chechnya , Langton observed . Medvedev , too , wants to promote pride in the country 's military , the analyst said , but has a "  more nuanced approach " than his predecessor , who remains influential as prime minister . Langton said Medvedev believes Russian forces should be capable of operating alongside Western forces . But , he added , "  Some of the generals do n't agree with him . "	Russia planning "  comprehensive rearmament " of its military , Moscow announces Analyst : Last year 's invasion of Georgia revealed Russian military weaknesses "  Large-scale rearmament " to begin in 2011 , President Dmitry Medvedev says Russia aiming for 70 percent of its weaponry to be "  modern " by 2020
Christchurch , New Zealand  CNN  -- The death toll from the 6.3-magnitude earthquake that demolished parts of Christchurch , New Zealand , last week has climbed to 147 , authorities said Sunday . The figure is expected to rise , the Ministry of Civil Defence and Emergency Management said . Seventy people have been rescued alive from the quake that struck Tuesday , the agency said . Police in the battered town said Friday that more than 200 people still missing . Many of the missing were feared dead . Included in that were all the people who were in the Canterbury TV building that toppled in the Tuesday earthquake . Police say they have "  grave fears " for all who were in the building including 90 students and staff from the King 's Education language school -- headquartered on the third floor . Donna Tai Rakena 's husband Tetaki was an English teacher and was working there when the quake struck . After the shaking ceased , she said she called his cell phone and got no answer . She jumped on her bike and pedaled down to the fallen building to see if she could find her husband in the mess of mangled steel and rubble . Police broke the news to her : Her soul mate of 30 years , the man she affectionately called Wally , was believed to be dead . "  They said they 'd gone into recovery mode and there was no hope of anyone coming out alive , " she said . She now clings to hope that crews will at least find her husband 's body . Rescue and recovery crews have been combing through damaged buildings since the quake struck three days ago -- toppling buildings , buckling streets and ripping the facades of iconic churches , including the Christchurch Cathedral and the Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament . A series of aftershocks followed . Southern New Zealand has been hit by a series of quakes since September 4 when a 7.1-magnitude temblor struck the area . There were no deaths from that quake , which struck deeper below ground and farther away from Christchurch . Tuesday 's earthquake was part of the "  aftershock sequence " from the September earthquake , the U.S. Geological Survey said . CNN 's Anna Coren and Samira Said contributed to this report .	Police say they have "  grave fears " for the missing Searches continue in Christchurch Authorities say more than 200 people are missing
CNN  -- Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , made her first public appearance Friday alongside her husband , Prince William , just over a month after she gave birth to Prince George . The two spoke to members of the public at the start of the 131-mile Ring O ' Fire coastal ultramarathon in Anglesey , Wales , where the family lives . Catherine , looking relaxed and in casual dress , was not carrying her son , who 's third in line to the British throne . The world got its first glimpse of George since he left the hospital in family photographs released earlier this month . They were taken by Catherine 's father , Michael Middleton , in the garden of his Berkshire home . William , a search-and-rescue pilot , has been stationed at a Royal Air Force base on the remote Welsh island of Anglesey since 2010 .	Prince William and Catherine greet members of the public at the start of an ultramarathon It is Catherine 's first public appearance since she gave birth to Prince George in July The royal baby has not been seen in public since leaving the hospital where he was born
CNN  -- A pilot died Sunday when his small plane crashed at an air show at Travis Air Force Base in California , an official said . Col. David Mott identified the deceased as 77-year-old Eddie Andreini . Andreini had been flying since he was 16 and had been performing at air shows for the past 25 years , Mott said . He asked that anyone with video or photographs of the accident to please contact the base . The crash of the civilian performer 's aircraft happened during an acrobatic aerial maneuver at the Thunder Over Solano air show . The aircraft was upside down when it hit the ground , Mott said . He added : "  No one wants to see an event like this and certainly ... our hearts go out and our condolences go out to the Andreini family and his crew , who have been working together for many years . " The rest of the show was canceled , and the crash is under investigation . A photograph from the scene showed black smoke rising from a tarmac . The crash happened away from spectators . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : The aircraft was upside down when it hit the ground The pilot is identified as 77-year-old Eddie Andreini The show was canceled , and the crash is under investigation A photograph shows the crash happened away from spectators
CNN  -- Compared with their U.S. peers , Taobao versus eBay , JD.com versus Amazon , Suning vs. Walmart , the Chinese leading e-commerce players have a much shorter history . However , they will take a bigger e-commerce share from the overall retail space soon . Unlike in the United States , most smaller cities in China have not been penetrated by organized retailers or consumer brands yet . This offers an opportunity for e-commerce to become the mainstream retail format for these cities . Another reason is that the cost of commercial property in China went up significantly in the last decade . Thus , consumer brands and retail merchants are more encouraged to migrate online while in the United States , offline to online migration is mainly driven by labor cost and efficiency request . If not in 2013 , no later than 2014 , China 's e-commerce will have a bigger gross merchandise volume than in the United States . Please be aware that China 's total retail sales is still much smaller than the U.S. , which further demonstrates that e-commerce 's share in China will be much more significant . 2015 , a breakthrough year for e-commerce in China Why 2015 ? We need to understand the emerging cyber history in China . Almost all of China 's leading Internet players ' birthdays are in 1999 , including Alibaba , Baidu , Tencent , Sina and Sohu , etc. . In other words , there were no Internet applications until 2000 . People born on or after 1980 were over 20 years old in by 2000 . They started to get access to the Internet mostly after their campus lives . We call them a generation working in Internet . Take a look at people born on or after 1985 . They were teenagers in 2000 when the Internet was just getting started in China . This post-1985 generation is one that lives on the Internet , and started from social , gaming to almost everything . By 2015 , this post-1985 generation is reaching their 30s and becoming the core consumer group for almost every category . They have already migrated to the virtual space and they are the mainstream consumption power in China . E-commerce will take such consumption power and make offline retail even weaker . Different ecommerce business model is a MUST Although I put Taobao.com versus eBay , JD.com vs. Amazon.com , Suning versus Walmart into respective peer group , they do not run the same business models and they do n't even look similar anymore . Why the e-commerce model needs to be so different , we need to answer this question from a consumer angle and a merchant angle . As we mentioned above , Chinese Internet consumers are younger , and they 're not mainstream yet . Most of them have never been served by organized , retailed or consumer brands yet . Taobao.com can evolve from an online flea market to T-mall and become the shopping entry portal , while eBay finds itself having difficulty getting rid of its secondhand products from its auction site . From a merchant 's point of view , there are millions of small but professional merchants in China , they will not just fill up Taobao.com but they will also flood into JD.com and Suning.com and become a major sales force in China . Any e-commerce platform 's success depends on winning these millions of merchants and they will make the pure online retail model very difficult in China . Behind these millions of merchants are hundreds of thousands of factories in China . This is why such phenomenon does not exist in the United States where you can hardly find any manufacturers . The monetization model in China for e-commerce is also very different . Advertising model is better accepted by millions of small merchants rather than transaction fee or listing fees . Even service powered by e-commerce needs a different model and will have a different future . When Groupon is under challenge in the United States , I believe that few Chinese survivors , like Meituan.com , from thousands of Chinese Groupons will have a brighter future than its original . The brighter future is based on at least one-third of restaurants and other small and medium business changing hands every year and their ongoing marketing demand will offer companies like Meituan.com almost endless merchants list for promotion . On the other hand , the price sensitive consumers will be addicted to such service . Winning tips for foreign players in China Google , Yahoo , eBay , Amazon , and Groupon , as part of a very long list of U.S. Internet and e-commerce giants , have tried different ways through set-up by themselves , acquisition , joint venture with local key players , none of them can claim any success in China yet . Unlike other Internet applications , the e-commerce sector is least regulated and restricted by Chinese authorities in comparison to other Internet verticals . In my opinion , U.S. players can not offer the real value to local consumers since their global technology and supply chain advantage can not be leveraged in China . The cross-border management slows down the quick reaction required in this fast-moving market . My advice for U.S. players is to humbly buy in minority shares in some emerging Chinese e-commerce players and focus on cross-border synergies , such as cross-border tourism , education or shopping behaviors , etc. . These cross-border activities will be growing more rapidly and such synergy can really leverage U.S. peers ' strength and offer real value to Chinese consumers .	Unlike U.S. , China has not been penetrated by organized retailers or brands yet David Wei predicts by 2014 , China 's e-commerce will have bigger gross merchandise volume E-commerce model needs to be different , Wei writes
CNN  -- Two former Blackwater employees have made statements against Blackwater Worldwide and its founder Erik Prince , accusing the security company and its former CEO of murder and other serious crimes in Iraq , according to court documents filed this week . Blackwater founder Erik Prince , shown here before a congressional panel in 2007 , recently left the company . The sworn affidavits by an ex-Marine who joined Blackwater and another employee -- listed in the documents as "  John Doe No. 1 " and "  John Doe No. 2 " -- are part of a civil lawsuit in U.S. District Court in Virginia against Prince on behalf of Iraqi families who say they lost loved ones at the hands of his company . Blackwater , recently renamed Xe , issued a statement Tuesday , saying it would respond "  to the anonymous unsubstantiated and offensive assertions put forward by the plaintiffs , " in a brief to be filed August 17 . The company had a security contract for operations in Iraq under the U.S. State Department until May , when the federal government declined to renew the contract . The decision did not affect other contracts Blackwater has with the State Department , a senior State department official told CNN earlier this year . Several of the plaintiffs are connected to a September 2007 shooting incident in Baghdad in which the Iraqi government says security guards , then employed by Blackwater , fired upon and killed 17 Iraqi civilians . The affidavits by the two witnesses , who did not want to be identified in the court documents filed Monday for fear of retaliatory "  violence , " paint a menacing portrait of Prince , who recently resigned from his company . "  First , he views himself as a Christian crusader tasked with eliminating Muslims and the Islamic faith from the globe . ... Second , Mr. Prince is motivated by greed , " says John Doe No. 2 . "  He sought every opportunity to deploy men to Iraq in order to earn more money from the United States government . " He refers to another incident when he "  first arrived in Baghdad " in which he saw fellow employees pulling weapons out of a shipment of dog food -- the allegation being smuggling . John Doe No. 1 describes witnessing one incident in Baquba , where a Blackwater employee allegedly fired into a passing single-passenger vehicle without provocation . He says he 's heard of similar instances of excessive or deadly force from other Blackwater employees . However , neither gives clear details about the incidents they describe , such as specific dates or locations . The court documents filed Tuesday are in response to a defense motion to dismiss the suit . The suit says the affidavits were also submitted to the Justice Department , which is engaged in an ongoing investigation into the Blackwater case . No criminal charges have been filed against Prince . "  It is obvious that Plaintiffs have chosen to slander Mr. Prince rather than raise legal arguments or actual facts that will be considered by a court of law . We are happy to engage them there , " the company statement said . "  We question the judgment of anyone who relies upon and -LSB- reiterates -RSB- anonymous declarations . " Earlier this year , five former Blackwater security guards pleaded not guilty to federal charges of manslaughter and other serious crimes stemming from a September 16 , 2007 , shooting . Their trial is set for February 2010 .	Statements are part of civil suit brought by Iraqi families who 've lost loved ones The witnesses -- "  John Doe No. 1 " and "  John Doe No. 2 " -- fear retaliatory "  violence " Affidavits say founder Erik Prince "  views himself as a Christian crusader " Company statement says plaintiffs ignore "  actual facts " and "  slander " Prince
CNN  -- Every time Hispanic Heritage Month rolls around , I learn something new about the Latino footprint in the U.S. . But until I spoke to Robert Lopez , I never knew how this celebration came to be . In May of 1988 , Lopez , former intern for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus , was asked to work on a bill that would amend the 1968 federal law , authorized by President Lyndon B. Johnson , to change it from a week to a month-long celebration . Today , Lopez is a veteran journalist who has helped produce award-winning investigative and multimedia projects for the Los Angeles Times , and a social-media expert who has taught reporters , students and academics in the United States , South America , the Caribbean and the Middle East . Lopez said Bettie Baca , executive director of the caucus at the time , said a House version had already been introduced in 1987 by Rep. Esteban Torres but was stalled by two subcommittees . A similar bill passed the Senate and there was support from all 13 Latino members of Congress in the House . Hearing this , Lopez thought getting enough supporters "  would be a slam dunk " -- until he received pushback from some quarters . "  I got resistance at first . People did n't just did n't want to support commemorative legislation . People said things like , ` Well , why would we do that ? Are n't we all American ? That 's not a thing we want to support , ' " Lopez said . "  I was a bit naive at the time and did n't know what to do , so I asked the Black Caucus to help me out , and we focused on writing ` Dear Colleague ' letters to New York , Texas and California . " What we now know as Black History Month originated in 1926 , founded by Carter G. Woodson as Negro History Week , but then the celebration was expanded to a month in 1976 . President Gerald R. Ford urged Americans to "  seize the opportunity to honor the too-often neglected accomplishments of black Americans in every area of endeavor throughout our history . " Lopez asked the Library of Congress to put together a list of notable Latino achievements in order to better sell the bill to other members . "  To me it was a fascinating learning experience . When I went to high school there was n't Latino studies or Chicano studies , " Lopez said . "  I knew of some history here and there , but was shocked to learn of all the Latino history in this country from the Congressional Research Service , part of the Library of Congress . "  This bill became a lot about self-discovery , " Lopez said . He wrote in a piece for the L.A. Times that he learned about such "  notable figures as Bernardo de Galvez , a military officer who aided American colonists in their fight against the British during the Revolutionary War . Then there was Luis Alvarez , who was born in San Francisco and won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1968 . " There was a ticking clock element to Lopez 's task . Since this was the second session of the 100th Congress , if the bill did n't pass this time around it would have to be introduced all over again . On an August morning in 1988 , Lopez walked into the House gallery in a blazer and tie , watched the bill pass , and the battle was over without any big fuss . "  I had no idea it would be as big as it is today , " said Lopez . The third-generation Mexican-American grew up in an English-dominant household . His parents were raised in an area of California where you were punished for speaking Spanish , where Mexican immigrants were forced to be "  American " and assimilate . So Lopez did n't grow up speaking Spanish at home . But that was n't the case for his two children , who attended Spanish-language immersion schools . Now , America dedicates a month , from September 15 to October 15 , to celebrating the culture and traditions of those who trace their roots to Spain , Mexico and the Spanish-speaking nations of Central America , South America and the Caribbean . After speaking to Lopez , I felt a surge of urgency to keep sharing his story . I wonder what would have happened if he had n't been assigned this project during his internship . What if he had n't pushed for the bill with his "  Dear Colleague " letter and phone calls , or even worse , what if the bill had been put on the back burner until the following year ? Would we be celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month today ? "  I hope Hispanic Heritage Month helps people learn the things I did n't know growing up , the importance of Latinos in our history , and the contributions they 've have made , " Lopez said . "  It 's a good way to celebrate our own culture , but also for non-Latinos to be exposed . You ca n't really understand American history without understanding Latino history . "	Former Washington intern shares story of how Hispanic Heritage Month came to be Robert Lopez pushed the idea in 1988 while working for Congressional Hispanic Caucus Lopez faced resistance from members but kept working for passage of the bill "  You ca n't really understand American history without understanding Latino history "
CNN  -- Authorities in the Philippines say they have stepped up security measures for a huge religious procession taking place in Manila on Monday after receiving information suggesting it may be the target of a terrorist attack . "  We have serious threats from trustworthy and credible information sources that the Feast of the Black Nazarene will be attacked , " Cesar Garcia , a presidential national security adviser , said Monday . "  We are told that almost nine suspected terrorists from Mindanao , southern Philippines , are already in the capital and can carry out the attack . " The Feast of the Black Nazarene is an annual Catholic festival in the Philippines during which millions of devotees join a procession centered around a wooden statue of Jesus Christ . President Benigno Aquino said Sunday that he had ordered law enforcement agencies , including the military , to ramp up security efforts around the procession , according to the official Philippines News Agency  PNA  . "  I call on our fellow citizens to exercise the maximum vigilance and discipline leading up to , and during , the procession , " the news agency cited Aquino as saying . Mindanao is a predominantly Muslim autonomous region , which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the Philippines , a predominantly Christian country . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	The government has received ` serious threats , ' a presidential adviser says The annual Catholic festival draws millions of devotees The president orders security forces to step up measures The threat is said to come from a Muslim autonomous region of the country
For those of us who live inland , hurricane-tracking seems more a curious indulgence , but if you live along the coastal regions in a hurricane zone , keeping tabs on these atmospheric leviathans is paramount . Here 's a rundown of 2012  s top hurricane tracking apps for those on the go with tablets or smartphones . Hurricane Tracker  iOS My pick of the bunch , EZ Apps ' $ 2.99 Hurricane Tracker offers detailed storm maps , National Hurricane Center info , threat level maps , audio/video forecast updates , real-time feeds and push alerts . It also employs my favorite interface , giving you four simple categories at launch -- hurricanes , tropical storms , tropical depressions and invests -- to drill on , with a "  quick headlines " blurb and "  current systems " maps when you scroll down the page . The number of maps  including animated  and images crammed into this app -- EZ Apps claims over 65 -- is worth the price of admission alone . Hurricane Hound  Android Hurricane Hound uses Google Maps as its framework and tracks both forecasts and the locations of Atlantic and East Pacific hurricanes and tropical storms , points out areas the National Weather Service is keeping tabs on and offers standard NWS "  tropical outlooks and discussions , public advisories , forecasts , and satellite imagery . " Fair warning : The free version of Hurricane Hound has n't been updated in over a year , and it looks like the $ 1.99 add-free version is where developer STKI Concepts is focusing its attention , recently adding support for "  current radar and weather satellite overlays . " Hurricane / Hurricane HD  iOS Developer Kitty Code 's longstanding $ 2.99 hurricane-watching app  updated in June  offers a repository of global meteorological information , including tracking maps , satellite views , five-day forecasts , radar and bulletins from the National Hurricane Center . Pull up Hurricane Isaac and you can see information about wind speed , storm speed and direction as well as follow it from its genesis off the west coast of Africa in mid-August through its current position several hundred miles southeast of the Mississippi River Delta . Probably the app 's most valuable function : using iOS 's locational services to determine how far away you are . If all you need is tracking for the Atlantic , Caribbean , Gulf of Mexico and the Eastern and Central Pacific , Kitty Code offers Hurricane Express , a cheaper $ 0.99 version that eschews the app 's global features , and if you 're looking for the tablet-optimized version of Hurricane , Kitty Code offers Hurricane HD for $ 3.99 , which adds "  exclusive " video and blog updates from HurricaneTrack.com . Hurricane Software  Android When I checked in last , Hurricane Software was a promising beta freebie . It 's now out of beta -- still free , though ad-littered  there 's a $ 2.99 ad-free "  Pro " version  -- and packing hurricane data from the National Hurricane Center , high resolution maps , satellite images , warning information and storm tracks . iHurricane HD  iOS iHurricane HD is free with ads , distinguishing itself from the pack by tucking a few features behind an in-app paywall . Out of the gate , you can track hurricanes using satellite and radar data , stage email alerts and gauge your distance from "  each coordinate of the storm . " But if you want the app 's push services , "  more space on the main map " and to banish those annoying ads that sit at the top of the screen , you 'll have to fork over $ 2.99 through an in-app purchase option . Hurricane -- American Red Cross  Android , iOS Last but not least , Hurricane -- American Red Cross for both Android or iOS is a newer , totally free addition to Android 's growing hurricane-tracking stable , but it 's more than just a tracker -- this app lets you "  monitor conditions in your area or throughout the storm track , prepare your family and home , find help and let others know you are safe even if the power is out . " It 's a little light on meteorological data , but think of it as the "  safety first " tracker , and check out the video below for a few examples of it in action .	Isaac appears to weaken , but hurricane tracking still important Apps for tablets and smartphones let coastal residents keep tabs Both Android and Apples iOS have multiple options The Red Cross hurricane app is free and lets you track local conditions
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The wife of accused swindler Bernard Madoff pulled $ 15.5 million out of a Madoff-related brokerage firm in Massachusetts in the weeks before his arrest , authorities there disclosed Wednesday . Bernard Madoff is under 24-hour house arrest in his Upper East Side luxury apartment . The withdrawals by Ruth Madoff took place in November and December , according to a complaint filed by state regulators against Cohmad Securities , a firm they said was "  intertwined " with Madoff 's New York-based company . The regulators say Cohmad has refused to provide information about its ties to Madoff , who is accused of running a Ponzi scheme that may have cost investors up to $ 50 billion . Daily wire transaction reports show Cohmad was aware of transfers to and from Madoff-related accounts , the filing states . "  For example , the few reports produced by Cohmad show that Ruth Madoff withdrew $ 5.5 million on November 25 , 2008 and withdrew $ 10 million on December 10 , 2008 , " investigators said . Bernard Madoff , 70 , was arrested December 11 and is currently under house arrest in his Manhattan luxury apartment . He faces one charge of securities fraud in connection with an international scheme that has cost some investors their life savings and could face up to 20 years in prison and a $ 5 million fine if convicted . In January , prosecutors tried to revoke his $ 10 million bail after he mailed more than $ 1 million worth of diamond-studded jewelry to friends and family , a move they said showed he was trying to move assets out of government hands . But a judge ruled Madoff was neither a danger to the community nor a flight risk . Prosecutors and Madoff 's lawyers have agreed for a second time to push back the deadline for an indictment or probable cause hearing for the former investor , sources close to the case said Wednesday . The previous deadline of Wednesday -- which was itself a delay -- has now been moved back another 30 days . Madoff and the Securities and Exchange Commission already have agreed to a partial civil judgment against the disgraced investment manager , one that could eventually force him to pay fines and return investors ' money . Under the terms of the deal , Madoff will keep a previously reached agreement to freeze his assets and not to violate any other securities laws , but it does not require him to admit or deny any allegations . CNN 's Allan Chernoff and Amy Sahba contributed to this report .	NEW : Ruth Madoff made withdrawals in November and December Money taken from Massachusetts company "  intertwined " with New York company Madoff faces one charge of securities fraud and could face up to 20 years in prison
CNN  -- A leading figure in the party poised to head Italy 's next government says a return for the country 's previous Prime Minister , controversial politician Silvio Berlusconi , would be a "  disaster . " Democratic Party Vice Secretary Enrico Letta 's comments come as Berlusconi 's popularity surges in the Italian electoral polls after seemingly being out of the race . In an interview with CNN , Letta said incumbent Prime Minister Mario Monti can not win the election and it is now a straight race between Berlusconi and Bersani . A victory for Berlusconi "  would create mistrust between Italy , its European partners and the markets , " Letta told CNN . Italy 's economy is experiencing a period of relative calm as government bond yields remain well below the critical 7 % level and Monti 's austerity measures begin to take effect . Read more : Can a Bersani-Monti coalition work for Italian economy ? With a contracting economy and GDP falling 0.9 % in the fourth quarter of 2012 ; Italy is still grappling with the economic mess Silvio Berlusconi left in his wake before resigning in late 2011 . The media tycoon and owner of soccer club AC Milan -- who previously served three terms as prime minister -- was forced to step down amid an escalating eurozone debt crisis and personal legal battles . Letta added : "  The only way to avoid any risk to the Italian economy is a victory for the Democratic Party . " Italians will take to the voting stations this weekend to decide which candidate will lead a country , struggling to emerge from a financial crisis that has plagued the 17-nation eurozone for three years . Bersani is currently leading the polls with Berlusconi trailing by 5 to 7 points . But Deborah Bergamini , a parliamentarian and member of Berlusconi 's PDL party , is expecting a "  surprise " result on February 25 . She rejected Letta 's assertion that a return for the 76-year-old Berlusconi would destabilize Italy 's economy . Speaking to CNN , Bergamini said : "  Berlusconi can definitely win . We are gaining ground ... financial markets do n't care at all about single heads of governments . " A Bersani government is the true threat to Italy 's economic recovery , according to Bergamini , as the Democratic Party could adopt hard-left policies that tax the middle class and punish big businesses . "  There are many similarities with Bersani and what is going on in France ... we are very worried , " she added . With a population of over 60 million , Italy -- the eurozone 's third-largest economy -- has an unemployment rate of 11.2 % with public debt to GDP forecast to rise to 128 % this year , according to the European Commission . Read more : Will Monte Paschi banking scandal throw open Italy 's election race ? Nicholas Spiro , managing director of Spiro Sovereign Strategy , told CNN that a year ago Italy 's economy was "  falling off a cliff " and the investment community is showing "  complacency " over the prospect of a Berlusconi return . Spiro says the embattled politician could do very well in the election due to the "  huge " number of undecided Italian voters . He added : "  The fact that he has put the center-right alliance in contention is reason enough to doubt the prospects for post-election stability . " The election outcome is crucial to the eurozone 's austerity agenda and "  it 's going to be a damning verdict , " says Spiro . Adding that if Berlusconi can form a government there will be an "  almighty sell-off " in the bond markets .	Democratic Party deputy Enrico Letta 's comments come as Berlusconi 's popularity surges The media tycoon and owner of soccer club AC Milan was forced to step down in 2011 Large number of undecided voters could provide election surprise , says Nicholas Spiro
Well , that was quick . Just hours after going on sale in the U.S. , Canada and the UK , the OUYA gaming console was already sold out Tuesday morning on Amazon , though other retailers still had it in stock . Amazon , which was selling the device for $ 99 , told customers that the item was temporarily out of stock . However , as of Tuesday morning , Target and Best Buy were still carrying OUYA . GameStop noted that the item was "  currently unavailable . " SEE ALSO : 7 Gadgets for the Ultimate Connected Living Room OUYA launched on Kickstarter as an open gaming console that anyone could develop for or hack as they see fit , all for a $ 99 price tag . The Kickstarter hit its $ 900,000 funding goal in eight hours , and broke Kickstarter records after raising $ 8.6 million total . Earlier this year , OUYA 's creators announced that the console would be widely available at retail stores in June . READ : OUYA 's profile on CNN 10 : Startups to watch Kickstarter backers , meanwhile , began receiving their OUYA consoles in April . This article originally appeared on Mashable .	OUYA gaming console sells out in hours on Amazon Android-based console sells for $ 99
CNN  -- Nothing tempts hackers quite like a high-profile new target . A website is offering a bounty of more than $ 16,000 in cash and other prizes for the first person to successfully hack the Touch ID fingerprint sensor on the new iPhone 5S . The site , IsTouchIDHackedYet , was created by Nick DePetrillo , an independent computer-security researcher known for demonstrating hacks of smartphones , and Robert David Graham , owner of Errata Security , a cybersecurity firm . It invites donors to contribute to the bounty , which so far includes an assortment of cash , bitcoins  a form of digital currency  , several bottles of booze and "  a dirty sex book . " A successful hack of the phone had not been verified as of Monday morning , although a German hackers ' group claimed over the weekend to have bypassed the biometric security of the iPhone 5S by photographing a fingerprint left on a glass surface and using the image to create a fake finger to unlock the phone . They demonstrated their exploits in this video . "  We hope that this finally puts to rest the illusions people have about fingerprint biometrics . It is plain stupid to use something that you can  t change and that you leave everywhere every day as a security token , " said Frank Rieger , a spokesperson for the group , the Chaos Computer Club , in a post online . How secure is your iPhone 5S fingerprint ? According to terms DePetrillo posted on Twitter , to collect the bounty a hacker must lift a fingerprint from the phone or elsewhere and reproduce it in such a way that will allow them to unlock an iPhone 5S in less than five tries . All the steps must be documented on video . "  The whole point of #istouchidhackedyet was to put up or shut up with regards to criticisms of Apple 's Touch ID security and implementation , " DePetrillo said Saturday on Twitter . "  I personally believe  for once  a company has implemented a unique feature  Touch ID  in a reasonably secure way , " he added in another tweet . DePetrillo tweeted Sunday that he had been in contact with the Chaos Computer Club and was "  waiting on a complete video documentation of the process  of their hack  before declaring valid . " The iPhone 5S , which went on sale Friday , has a fingerprint sensor in its Home button for added security . Apple calls the new security system Touch ID . Phone owners must "  register " their print with the device , after which they can unlock the phone by placing a finger or thumb on the button . Other users ' fingerprints will not unlock the phone , which protects it from thieves . The Touch ID system is meant for human fingerprints , of course , but it apparently works with animals , too . A Minnesota man posted a video Friday to CNN iReport that showed him using the paw of his pet Chihuahua to unlock his new iPhone . DePetrillo and Graham are so-called "  white hat " hackers who investigate and expose security holes that have yet to be plugged by makers of new computer systems . Tech companies generally appreciate being alerted to such security issues , which they can then patch before users ' personal information is compromised . Apple did not immediately respond to a request from CNN for comment .	NEW : German hackers ' group claims to have hacked the iPhone 5S Website is offering a cash bounty for the first person to successfully hack the phone To collect , a hacker must lift a fingerprint and use it to unlock the phone 's Touch ID sensor Site creator : "  The whole point ... was to put up or shut up "
CNN  -- The sweater you would n't be caught dead in . The knicknack that does n't match your decor . The Walkman  they still make those ?  you 'll never use . And it 's always that same great-aunt/wacky uncle/out-of-touch grandparent that gives it to you . The holidays are great when you get gifts that you want . Yet there 's always something that does n't fit you or your style . And while we love to pretend that we love it , we 're really just silently searching for the gift receipt . If there is n't one , we wonder : Can I ask to return this ? Our experts answer that question : Jodi Newbern , author of "  Regifting Revival : A Guide to Reusing Gifts Graciously " I have a relative that returns or exchanges every gift they are given , even if it is something that they asked for . I just include the gift receipt and let it go .  Surprisingly , they hate gift cards and think they are tacky ... go figure !! For most of us , unless the gift giver tells you that it 's OK for you to return it -- wrong size , for example -- then returning or exchanging the gift should not be an option  unless you are a cad , or a relative , or both  . Let 's assume the gift giver thought you would really like what they chose for you . If you do n't really want , need or like the gift , then after you 've expressed appropriate gratitude , put it in your regift closet and do something else with it later .  Like use it for a "  spare " ... ! Peggy Post , great-granddaughter-in-law of Emily Post Usually it 's OK to ask to return a gift , unless , let 's say , it 's something monogrammed . Most people wo n't be hurt , especially if it just does n't fit you . Show your gratitude and say , "  I love it , but unfortunately that does n't fit/it 's way too small/isn ' t my style . " Just do n't say : "  I really hate it so would you mind if I exchange it ? " Sherri Athay , author of "  Present Perfect : Unforgettable Gifts for Every Occasion " If there is a compelling and inoffensive reason to return the gift  wrong size , duplicate gift , damaged item , missing part  , you might mention it to the giver and see if he/she offers to give you the receipt . In such cases , the giver might even offer to make the exchange for you . On the other hand , if there is any potential that making known your intentions to return the gift might hurt the giver 's feelings , do n't ask . Try making the exchange/return without a receipt  most stores will at least give store credit  , or regift the item to someone you know is a better fit . From our readers Share your gift return advice , and it could end up here later today .	Author Jodi Newbern : Try to include gift receipts in whatever you 're giving It 's usually OK to ask to return it unless it 's monogrammed , Peggy Post says Author Sherri Athay says exchanging is OK if the gift does n't fit you
