CNN  -- The license plates on our police escorts ' Land Cruisers read "  Borno State , Home of Peace . " Many of those we meet during our stay in Maiduguri , northeast Nigeria , smile bitterly at the irony of that statement . The state 's capital is now better known as the birthplace of Boko Haram and peace here is always uncertain . Down the dusty streets we drive , passing checkpoint after checkpoint manned not by soldiers but civilians , mostly armed with little more than machetes and swords . These vigilante groups , driven by a determination and motivation that the Nigerian security forces largely lack , have managed to establish some semblance of security in Maiduguri . Their pursuit of Boko Haram has become relentless -- hardened as they are by losses to the terror group over the years -- and they show no mercy , not even to family . WATCH : Hunt for Boko Haram focuses on Lake Chad "  I caught him with my hand and handed him over to the authority , " one of the sector 's leaders , Abba Ajikalli , tells us unapologetically . He is speaking about his 16-year-old nephew , who he says was with Boko Haram . "  He has been executed , " Ajikalli informs us , without a hint of remorse on his face . "  He was like my son , I have no regret . " What started as a home-grown movement for Sharia law in northern Nigeria is now a full-scale insurgency . Boko Haram attacks have terrorized this part of the country for years , but their kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls in Chibok in April has brought them an unprecedented level of international infamy . Since then the insurgents , seemingly galvanized by the attention , have stepped up the frequency and brazenness of its attacks on villages in the region . A presidential fact-finding mission is in Maiduguri at the same time as our trip . Each morning we receive word that they will travel to Chibok ; each morning the residents and parents of the girls stolen from Chibok wait ; and each afternoon everyone is disappointed by another postponement . One woman , who is part of the mission and asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the situation , told us that she would be quitting " -LSB- The parents -RSB- need to know that the nation is with them , that people are with them , " she said emotionally . "  But there are people that would n't let us even call them . They keep saying it 's security and that 's why we ca n't go , but some of us are willing to risk it . " More than six weeks after the kidnapping , the Nigerian government and its forces have done little to ease the agony of the girls ' parents and those who have rallied behind the cause . Last week , officials banned all protests in support of the "  Bring Back Our Girls " campaign , calling them "  lawless , " before reversing tack in the face of a public outcry . Traveling outside of Maiduguri is a risk , and our time on the ground is limited by security concerns . Just twenty minutes outside the city limits we find entire villages empty after recent attacks . Maiduguri may be Boko Haram 's birthplace , but its terror is spreading . Refugees have been flowing into neighboring countries , where borders exist in name only , and each person has a harrowing tale of escape , a heartbreaking story of loss from which few will recover . The International Rescue Committee  IRC  estimates that as many as 1,000 refugees a week are crossing the border into Niger 's Diffa region . Four out of five are women and girls . The IRC estimates that if the violence continues in northern Nigeria , up to 100,000 refugees could be living in Diffa by the end of the year . Orphaned by Boko Haram All that 14-year-old Bintou and her little sister Ma'ou , 12 , have of their former life in Nigeria are tattered photos of their parents . Bintou curls up and buries her face , her shoulders shuddering with each silent sob . Ma'ou seems to have utterly internalized her pain , and speaks in a numb monotone . They tell us they want to go back to Maiduguri , but for now they ca n't . They are orphans -- their mother died of natural causes before they can remember , and their father was killed in a Boko Haram attack about five months ago . We find them living with their aunt on a small plot in Diffa , Niger , uncertain about a future they are now forced to navigate alone . "  She -LSB- Bintou -RSB- ca n't understand how this could have happened , " the IRC 's Mohammed Watakane , explains . "  She is a victim going through a psychological trauma , she needs protection . " There are no refugee camps in Diffa , and Nigerians fleeing across the border have been absorbed into the local populations . The World Food Program is helping to ease the burden on host families by providing aid to the refugees , but it only has a quarter of the money it needs for its Niger programs , according to the country 's WFP director . On the outskirts of town , the village of Guessere 's population has doubled . Its new residents all come from a Nigerian village located 3 kilometers from the border . Many fled a Boko Haram attack in the middle of the night and spent the night hiding in the bush before crossing the river into Niger . Haidjia Fandaou tells us how she came across her brother 's lifeless body in the middle of her escape . He had been dragged out of a mosque , executed with his prayer beads still in his hand . "  The only thing I could think in that moment was ` survive , ' " Fandaou often tells us . Her walk to Niger took just thirty minutes . Here , the border is more an idea than a reality . A shallow river along the edge of Guessere marks the line between relative safety and terror . But fear continues to haunt people who cross it . Few dare to even utter the words "  Boko Haram , " as if merely calling the group by name will bring the same violence and terror across the border as well . Local government officials in Niger refuse to speak about security , and brusquely warn us not to ask about it and to stick to our pre-planned program . U.S. and Nigerian security sources tell us Boko Haram tends to use Niger as more of a logistics hub or to escape military operations in Nigeria . There have been concerns that fighters are hiding themselves among the refugees , and recruiting among Niger 's disgruntled unemployed youth -- a concern shared by Nigeria 's other neighbors as Boko Haram morphs into a transnational terrorist organization . The journey to Lake Chad We leave Diffa in the morning , along tracks barely visible in the sand . We travel in a convoy through the remote , unforgiving landscape . Pickup trucks stacked high with cargo pass us in the opposite direction , laboring over the dunes . Our driver tells us they 're carrying dried fish from Lake Chad . Sources tell us the lake is an area of interest in the search for the missing Nigerian schoolgirls . Bordered by Niger , Nigeria , Cameroon , and Chad , islands now cover half of the once-massive lake as its waters continue to recede . It is an ideal hideout for Boko Haram . In March , along the area of the lake just south of where we are headed , Nigerian forces raided a Boko Haram camp , capturing weapons , ammunition and explosives . But for the most part , these are lawless waters . We leave the port of Kirikiri , but not before hearing more stories of another town dealing with the influx of refugees . It seems no one and no place here is lucky enough to escape the effects of Boko Haram 's brutal campaign . We charter a fishing boat and head out on the water . We travel as far as we 're told we can safely go , then land on one of the islands closest to Niger . All we can see is dense vegetation along the shoreline . Inland , we find a small fishing village . The village leader , Boulama Noma , tells us he and many others here lived on one of the islands closer to Nigeria . One day , Boko Haram arrived on what was essentially a shopping trip -- but before they left with all of the produce and food , Noma says they torched all of the homes and killed so many villagers that he says he lost count . This is just one of the many horrifying tales about Boko Haram that we hear during our time in Niger . It makes us think of all the stories we have n't heard from the countless victims of the last few years when the group has operated with impunity . Before we came to Lake Chad , we 'd met two informants in Nigeria who live among Boko Haram members and know the terrorist organization 's tactics better than most . We ask them what the group has planned for the kidnapped schoolgirls . "  They will use them to negotiate with the government about those of their members that have been detained by the government , " one tells us . "  Or they will use them as human shields . " As we sail through the waters back to the mainland , it becomes clear just how challenging a search and rescue operation will be . The terrain here is as harsh as Boko Haram 's tactics are unforgiving . WATCH : Hunt for Boko Haram focuses on Lake Chad CNN 's Nural Choudhury and Inez Torre contributed to this report . The interactive map at the top of this story may not work on all mobile devices .	CNN 's Arwa Damon travels to the Niger-Nigeria border in search of Boko Haram Islamist militant group has terrorized Nigeria 's northeastern Borno State in recent years Group abducted nearly 300 schoolgirls in Borno in April ; officials are still searching for them Thousands of Nigerians have fled across the border with Niger to avoid the violence
BEIJING , China  Reuters  -- A panda once believed to be male and sent to Japan to breed with a female without success gave birth to twin cubs this week , state media reported on Thursday . An estimated 1,600 wild pandas live in nature reserves in China 's Sichuan , Gansu and Shaanxi provinces . The panda , "  Jinzhu " , gave birth to two female cubs on Monday at the Wolong Nature Reserve in the mountainous southwestern province of Sichuan , 11 years after being declared male at birth in 1996 , Xinhua news agency said . "  Jinzhu was believed to be male owing to her inconspicuous secondary sex characteristic and behavior , " the agency quoted Wei Rongping , assistant director of the reserve 's research center , as saying . Jinzhu was sent to Japan in 2000 to mate with a female , the report said . "  When the pandas showed complete disinterest , experts decided to turn to artificial insemination , leading to the discovery that Jinzhu had no penis , " it added . Jinzhu was sent back to China in 2002 , with experts arguing the panda was either a hermaphrodite or had "  undeveloped " sexual organs . "  The penis of an adult panda is only about 3 centimeters  1.2 inches  long , " Xinhua quoted Li Deshen , a panda expert , as saying , as a possible reason for the mix-up . It was not until 2005 that scientists discovered nine-year-old Jinzhu 's ovaries were positioned in the wrong place , and gave her a two-hour operation to make her a "  normal girl " , Xinhua said . Jinzhu subsequently mated with a male in March 2007 and gave birth 142 days later , Xinhua said . The giant panda is one of the world 's most endangered species and is found only in China . An estimated 1,600 wild pandas live in nature reserves in China 's Sichuan , Gansu and Shaanxi provinces . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	A panda once believed to be male gave birth to twin cubs this week The panda was sent to Japan in 2000 to mate with a female ... that did n't work out The giant panda is one of the world 's most endangered species
CNN  -- When Bob and Mike Bryan faced match point in their Australian Open men 's doubles semifinal , it was n't just the twin brothers who were feeling the strain . Defeat on Thursday would have halted their bid for a record 12th grand slam title together , but they had a more pressing matter back home . In Miami , Bob 's pregnant wife Michelle had to stop watching the American top seeds ' showdown with Robert Lindstedt of Sweden and Romania 's Horia Tecau because the stress was bringing on contractions . "  She turned it off in the third set because she was starting to feel a couple of small contractions , " Bob told reporters after the nailbiting 4-6 6-3 7-6  7-5  victory over the seventh seeds . "  I 've been telling her , ` Do n't watch the matches , it will get your heart rate going and you might spit that baby out ! ' " With the birth due on Saturday , Bob has banned the mother-to-be from watching the final against Indian doubles specialist Leander Paes and the Czech Republic 's Radek Stepanek . "  She 's on bedrest now , " the 33-year-old said . "  She 's not getting out of bed . We 're down to the finish line . It 's crunch time . " Bob will fly back to Miami on Sunday , hoping to have beaten the record he and his brother share with the legendary Australian doubles team of Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde . "  We always have good chats with those guys , " Bob said of their relationship with the team known as "  the Woodies . " "  I think Todd watched the end of our match . On the way to the locker room , he said , ` That was an incredible reflex volley . ' "  They 've always seemed like they 've been happy for us and our success . They seem very secure with their own achievements and career . They 've had an amazingly decorated history on the court . They have nothing to fear . " The Bryan brothers have topped the end-of-year rankings on a record seven occasions and have won over 700 matches together -- an Open era best . Paes , who has won six major doubles titles in his career , and Stepanek , a finalist alongside compatriot Jiri Novak at the 2002 U.S. Open , upset the odds to defeat second seeds Max Mirnyi of Belarus and Canada 's Daniel Nestor . Mirnyi and Nestor , the 2011 French Open champions , took the first set before Stepanek and Paes rallied to win 2-6 6-4 6-4 .	Bob and Mike Bryan save match point to reach Australian Open doubles final Bob 's first child is due to be born on Saturday , the day of the final The Bryan Brothers hoping to win a record 12th grand slam doubles title Their opponents will be Indian Leander Paes and Czech Radek Stepanek
CNN  -- They say a week is a long time in politics . In today 's febrile world of finance , it 's a lifetime . Europe 's leaders may soon learn that lesson the hard way if they continue to dodge the question on everyone 's lips : What to do if Greece is pushed out of the eurozone ? No stranger to unfortunate soubriquets herself , Angela Merkel has repeatedly refused to address the matter of a Greek exit -- or "  Grexit , " as it has been dubbed . This week , she cited "  political correctness " as her logic for skirting the issue . Either way , the bosses of some of the eurozone 's biggest companies have decided they ca n't afford the luxury of being caught short . With a staff of more than 90,000 to consider and operations in more than 80 countries to oversee , Shell CEO Peter Voser has admitted that he must plan for what the markets say is an increasingly plausible outcome to a tragedy well into its third year . Speaking on CNN 's "  World Business Today , " Voser said that "  one obviously has made provisions " at this stage . "  I still see it as a low likelihood scenario , but we have done our work over the last few months to prepare ourselves , " he said . As high as the stakes are for one of the world 's biggest oil companies , the stakes for heads of government , like Merkel , are even higher . About 320 million people use the euro daily , and as the German chancellor knows , the integrity of the union is crucial for confidence in its economy -- an economy that just flatlined in the first quarter . This invites the question : If it 's so obvious to business leaders , why do Europe 's elected leaders still shy away from the subject ? Charles Proctor , partner at the law firm Edwards Wildman , thinks he knows the answer . Having spent the past two years pondering the possibility of a eurozone member dropping out , Proctor says the existing legal framework does n't offer a formal escape route . The European Union treaty does give Greece the extreme option of backing out of the EU but not out of its monetary system in itself . This means any negotiations would have to be kept quiet . "  One assumes that a certain amount of contingency work has been done , " Proctor said , "  just that it has been kept secret against the political backdrop that the eurozone must hold together . " Greeks set election date amid possibility of bank panic That view is echoed by former EU Commissioner and one-time UK Trade Secretary Peter Mandelson . "  I think it would be better to discuss this behind closed doors . Otherwise , it would create yet more uncertainty , " he said . "  In theory you might say : ` Its face does n't fit , it 's not performing in the way that others need it to do , its politics are falling apart , its people are miserable ... so why not let it go out ? ' But the consequences of that would shake Greece for many , many years to come . " Since Greece went to the polls May 6 , as many as six rate-setters from the European Central Bank have openly debated the pros and cons of a common currency minus one troublesome member . The word "  Grexit " has made the front page of tabloids and broadsheets in non-eurozone nations like Britain for two straight days . But bookmaker Paddy Power has cut the odds it is offering on Greece being the first out of the eurozone to 1-in-10 from 1-in-8 . Lex van Dam , co-founder of Hampstead Capital , says it 's a "  really tough call . " He says Greece 's chances of keeping the euro are 50-50 and hinge less on political goodwill than financial support from the European Central Bank . "  Saving Greece means throwing good money after bad , but not saving Greece means possible huge and fatal capital outflows from the periphery as well , " he said . If that 's the case , van Dam said , the losses incurred by the central bank could threaten the very institutions set up to safeguard the euro . Which means keeping Greece inside the eurozone could mean a "  no euros zone " for its neighbors further down the line . So can the tide be turned ? Proctor reckons the dam has burst . "  For many years it used to be taboo , but so many people are talking about it , it 's not a possibility that can be ignored anymore , " he said . Either way , lawyers , hedge fund managers and chief executives are discussing the euro area 's monetary fate , even if those in charge of its member nations are not .	The eurozone 's biggest companies make contingency plans for Greece 's exit "  I still see it as a low likelihood scenario , but we have done our work , " Shell 's CEO says Europe 's elected leaders are saying little , but many suspect behind-the-scenes talks Lex van Dam sees a 50-50 chance of Greece staying in the eurozone
PEOPLE.com  -- Ricki Lake has made no secret about which former "  Dancing with the Stars " contestant she looks up to as she competes on the show . But Lake , 42 , who continuously says she 's "  hoping to pull a Kirstie Alley , " needs to stop focusing on other people 's accomplishments and inspire herself , according to her ballroom partner Derek Hough . "  I told her , ` No more , ' " Hough , 26 , told PEOPLE backstage after Monday night 's show . "  I said , ` This is about you . This is now time . ' " "  I 'm me , I know , I know , " Lake said in response to her partner 's comments . "  That 's probably good advice . I really love working with Derek . He 's such a good teacher , and I 'm learning so much . He encourages me . I feel like I 'm learning that way . He 's really intuitive with me . " It sure seems like Lake is finding her own confidence . The actress and talk show host ended up atop the leader board on Monday after earning 23 points for her lively jive . "  Each week I 'm here , I 'm feeling better and better about my body and about what I can do , " Lake said . "  I 'm having the time of my life . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ricki Lake has said she 's "  hoping to pull a Kirstie Alley " Derek Hough said "  This is about you . This is now time " "  I feel like I 'm learning that way , " Ricki Lake said
Singer Chris Brown has been booted from court-ordered drug rehab and taken into custody by Los Angeles County Sheriff 's deputies , a sheriff 's spokesman confirmed Friday . Details were not immediately available about why Brown , 24 , was kicked out of the Malibu facility where he has been treated for the past four months . Nor was it clear exactly why he was taken into immediate custody , but he had been serving a five-year probation sentence when he entered rehab . That sentence stemmed from a 2009 assault on then-girlfriend Rihanna . He was "  cooperative when taken into custody " as he was picked up from the facility and taken to the Los Angeles County men 's central jail where he was being held without bail Friday afternoon , a sheriff 's department statement said . His lawyer and representatives did not immediately respond to CNN calls for comment . Brown 's legal troubles began five years ago when he beat Rihanna as the two were in a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street . He pleaded guilty to felony assault in June 2009 , which resulted in a sentence of five years of probation and 1,400 hours of community labor . The judge has revoked Brown 's probation twice in the last year , most recently because of his arrest on a sidewalk near the White House after allegedly punching a man . Brown voluntarily entered a rehab program a day after being released from a Washington jail in October , but he was kicked out a few days later for "  throwing a rock through his mother 's car window " after a family session at the center , a probation report said . Brown was upset because his mother said she wanted him to stay in treatment , the report said . "  Mr. Brown preceded to walk outside and pick up a rock and threw it through his mother 's car window and it shattered , " according to letter from the rehab center included in the probation report . His probation was revoked last November , but the judge allowed him to stay out of jail by entering a 90-day anger management and drug rehab program . Although he completed that program last month , the judge ordered him to remain a resident at the Malibu treatment facility until another hearing on April 23 . Brown 's probation officer reported at a hearing last month that the singer "  continues to make great improvement " in dealing with anger , stress and drugs , but the judge decided he could not go free until after his trial for an assault charge in Washington on April 17 . If he is convicted in that case , the judge would decide at an April 23 hearing if Brown should complete his probation in jail . Brown has been working on a highway cleanup labor crew in Los Angeles three days a week to fulfill the 750 hours of service remaining in his probation requirements , his probation report said . At that rate , Brown could complete the labor in mid-October and possibly be free from probation requirements by the end of the year .	The singer was "  cooperative when taken into custody , " sheriff 's statement says Brown has been in court-ordered rehab for the past four months He is serving five years probation for the beating of Rihanna
CNN  -- It 's a good summer for piers . Ryde Pier in the UK just celebrated its 200th birthday , and New York 's historic Pier A will reopen any time now  we 're told  , after decades of neglect and a multi-million dollar revamp . The structure , first opened in 1886 and now listed on the National Register of Historic Places , closed to the public in 1960 but will soon host a visitor center , an oyster bar and a fine dining restaurant . If you ca n't get to these icons of jetty-hood though , there are plenty of other spectacular piers to travel for . Umhlanga Pier  Durban , South Africa This pier is n't just a place to grab a great photo -- it 's an extension of an underground culvert that helps disperse excess storm water from the land into the ocean . The distinctive whale bone structure won the South African National Award for Outstanding Civil Engineering Achievement . Length : 80 meters . Opened : 2007 . Contains : Storm water disposal channels . Cost : Free . Rotonda a Mare  Senigallia , Italy Rotonda a Mare  "  circular pier "  had additional purposes during wartime , serving as a military warehouse during World War II . The pier was built in 1923 but closed in 2005 for renovations . It reopened a year later , with a beautiful sea-themed mosaic by Enzo Cucchi adorning the entrance . Opened : 1923 . Contains : A concert hall . Cost : Free . Clevedon Pier  Somerset , UK Late English poet Sir John Betjeman described this pier as "  the most beautiful pier in England . " It was built in 1869 as a departure point for paddle steamer excursions , and is the only fully intact , Grade 1 listed pier in the UK . The supports were constructed using metal taken from Isambard Kingdom Brunel 's South Wales railway . Length : 312 meters . Opened : 1869 . Contains : Art gallery and gift shop . Cost : $ 1.60 for children , $ 3 for adults . Kastrup Pier  Kastrup , Denmark This unusual pier contains a structure that encircles an outdoor swimming area , allowing visitors to take a dip without the risk of being washed out to sea . The pier is made from azobe wood , which is resistant to sea water and at night up-lighting emphasizes the beautiful curved wooden walls and illuminates the swimming area -- and the skinny dippers who reportedly frequent it . Length : 100 meters . Opened : 2004 . Contains : A swimming area and diving platform . Cost : Free . Huntington Beach Pier  California With a length of 560 meters , this beautiful Californian pier is one of the longest on the U.S. west coast . During World War II it doubled as a submarine lookout post , with machine guns positioned at the end . If you do n't live nearby , you can check out the view from the pier at any Hollister store -- footage recorded by cameras at the end are shown on screens inside . Length : 560 meters . Opened : 1914 . Contains : A diner and shops . Cost : Free . Los Muertos Pier  Puerto Vallarta , Mexico This 328-meter-long pier was designed by architect José de Jesús Torres Vega and opened in 2013 as part of a scheme to regenerate Puerto Vallarta . Construction costs totaled $ 2.4 million . The pier is especially popular with couples ; historically , Los Muertos is one of Puerto Vallarta 's most romantic areas , despite the name 's distinctly unromantic translation : Los Muertos means "  the dead . " Length : 328 meters . Opened : 2013 . Contains : A landing dock and sculpture . Cost : Free . Scheveningen Pier  Scheveningen , Holland Scheveningen pier stands out because of its unusual construction , which comprises four island-type sections and upper and lower areas . The structure , the longest pier in the Netherlands , was built in 1959 and purchased by hotel firm Van der Valk Hotels for the symbolic price of one guilder  $ 0.50  in 2001 . Length : 382 meters . Opened : 1959 . Contains : Restaurant , casino and a children 's funhouse . Cost : Free . Brighton Pier  Brighton , UK Brighton 's only remaining pier  the rest have burned down  has had starring roles in "  Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street , " the 1970s British TV series "  The Persuaders " and Ralph Fiennes ' drama "  The End of the Affair . " An unusual fact ? If Usain Bolt maintained his 200 meter sprint record for its entire length , it would take him 50.36 seconds to reach the end . Length : 524 meters . Opened : 1899 . Contains : A theme park , shopping arcades and amusement arcades . Visitors per year : 4 million . Cost : Free . Busselton Jetty  Busselton , Australia This is the longest pier in the Southern Hemisphere . A railway runs along its length and it 's the only pier with an underwater observatory at the end . Prior to the Commonwealth Games in 2006 , the Queen 's baton -- the Commonwealth equivalent of the Olympic torch -- was taken to the observatory and carried underwater by a diver . Length : 1,841 meters . Opened : 1865 . Contains : An observatory . Cost : Free . Tamara Hinson is a freelance travel writer based in the UK .	As UK 's Ryde Pier celebrates 200 years and New York 's Pier A flirts with a reopening date , we list other great piers around the world At nearly 2 km , Busselton pier is the longest in the southern hemisphere and has a unique underwater observatory Clevedon Pier is the only fully intact , Grade 1 listed pier in the UK
Progress . It 's been seemingly nonexistent in Washington for weeks , as Republicans and Democrats squabbled about funding the government and whether to raise its borrowing limit . Both sides drew their lines in the sand and talked vociferously at each other , but not to each other . On Thursday , 10 days into the government 's partial shutdown , the tide appeared to turn . House Republicans offered a plan to temporarily stave off the threat of a first-ever U.S. debt default . President Barack Obama listened to them . Both sides agreed to keep on talking . Said Rep. Pete Sessions , a Texas Republican : "  We 're all working together now . " Sessions spoke early Thursday evening after he and fellow House Republicans talked with Obama at the White House . Afterward , the Obama administration described the session as "  good " -- saying the President listened to Republican proposals and the two sides discussed "  potential paths forward . " And House Majority Leader Eric Cantor called it "  very useful . " "  We 're going to have more discussions on both sides tonight , " the Virginia Republican said . The fact the two sides are talking , though , does n't mean they have agreed to anything yet . After all , they have been bitterly divided on party lines for weeks , routinely throwing barbs but rarely trading proposals . House Republicans initially passed a series of measures tying government funding to defunding or dismantling Obamacare , the president 's signature health care reform . And they 've insisted that they wo n't increase the nation 's borrowing limit without cuts first . Obama , meanwhile , has been just as firm in his position : Pass "  clean " -- meaning no add-ons or qualifications -- bills to fund the government and raise the debt limit , and only then will we talk . One big deadline passed without an agreement -- October 1 , when the partial shutdown began no funding had been authorized to keep the government running . And there seemed little movement toward addressing the next one -- October 17 , when the Treasury Department has said the government will run out of money to pay its bills unless something is done . Now a plan from House Republicans to temporarily boost the nation 's borrowing limit and start talks about reopening the government shifted the dynamic . What it did n't do was meet Democrats ' demand to fund the government right away . Asked after attending a White House meeting of his own Thursday with the President about the prospect of the debt limit lifting while the government stays partially closed , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid did n't mince words : "  It 's not going to happen . " Obama made clear , during his session with House Republicans , that he wo n't give concessions to reopen the government , according to a Democratic source familiar with the meeting . Yet no less than White House spokesman Jay Carney cheered the movement , saying Obama was "  happy that cooler heads at least seem to be prevailing in the House " over the need to avoid a possible default . Will 2014 election solve anything ? Deep into Thursday night , these heads were getting together to try to find a resolution . The White House hopes these initial staff-level discussions will let it know exactly what Republicans want , the Democratic source said . Rep. Hal Rogers , a Kentucky Republican , said both sides are talking "  in good faith " about not just the debt ceiling , but what it will take to restart the government . "  There was not a timeline set , " said Rogers . "  But we want to move quickly . " Anti-Obamacare provisions no longer in GOP plans Optimism in Washington triggered relief on Wall Street as the Dow Jones Industrial Average posted its biggest one-day gain of the year at 323 points . Investors have been nervous over the political stalemate and the possibility of a debt default and its potential economic consequences . This came a day after Obama said in a separate meeting with House Democrats that he would consider a short-term deal to raise the federal borrowing limit , a Democratic lawmaker told CNN . "  If that 's what  House Speaker John  Boehner needs to climb out of the tree that he 's stuck in , then that 's something we should look at , " according to the lawmaker , who attended the meeting and spoke on the condition of anonymity . Some congressional Democrats have balked at the outline of the GOP offer , saying the government must reopen and the debt ceiling must be increased to get broader talks going . "  One way or another both of those have to happen , " said veteran Sen. Carl Levin of Michigan . Another Democrat , Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland , said Obama "  needs to press for the opening of the government . " "  Without a doubt the default would be much more catastrophic , but I 've got constituents , a lot of whom work for the federal government who are going through catastrophes every hour , " Cummings said . Paul Ryan steps into budget fight One thing any budget resolution wo n't include , it appears , is provisions targeting the 2010 Affordable Care Act . Ryan , who was the Republican party 's vice presidential nominee last year , did n't mention Obamacare in a Wall Street Journal op-ed -- saying instead that politicians from both parties should focus on "  modest reforms to entitlement programs and the tax code . " As others have done in recent days , GOP Rep. James Lankford of Oklahoma told CNN on Thursday that going after the President 's signature health reform is "  currently off the table . " Yet Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas -- one of the most vocal Republicans in the debate -- was n't so ready to let the health care issue go . Speaking Thursday on CNN 's "  Crossfire , " he said "  Democrats in this town do not want to discuss Obamacare . " On Obama 's signature health care reform and what 's happening in Washington generally , Cruz said that it 's House Republicans who "  are listening to the millions of Americans " to do what 's best for them . According to a GOP source , it 's not certain whether Boehner can gain support from some or most of his GOP caucus to support a plan without anything to do with Obamacare or other concessions . That could mean -- if a proposal like the one floated Thursday proceeds -- the Speaker may need Democratic votes to pass it . Boehner demands cuts for debt limit increase Failure to raise the debt ceiling by next week 's deadline would leave the government unable to borrow money to pay its bills for the first time in its history . And absent a breakthrough , the shutdown would continue at a cost estimated at up to $ 50 billion a month . All of it is taking a toll on Washington 's reputation : A national CNN/ORC International survey released Monday indicated that Americans were blaming all parties in the fight , though Republicans got the worst of it . 5 crazy side effects from the shutdown Supporters stand by representatives and government shutdown Pentagon strikes deal with charity to pay military death benefits	White House hopes talks let it know what GOP wants , Democratic source says The White House describes the meeting with GOP House members as "  good " Republican Rep. Cantor says there will be "  discussions on both sides " "  We want to move quickly , " a House Republican says
Tomioka , Japan  CNN  -- As we travel down the road toward the 20-kilometer  12-mile  exclusion zone , the entryway is blocked by half a dozen police officers and a large sign flashing red lights . The sign reads : "  Keep out . Do n't enter . " This is Japan 's exclusion zone . No one lives here , a place where 78,000 people once lived . Nearly a year after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant disaster , the exclusion zone remains off-limits due to high levels of radioactive contamination . My goal today is to see the town of Tomioka , a farming and factory community which sits in the southern section of the exclusion zone . It 's a town that was once home to 52,000 people . It 's hard to imagine that many people once lived here , as we drive into the center of town . That 's what strikes you first about the exclusion zone -- what you ca n't see , the people . Even though I know the residents have been evacuated , it is still eerie to be in a town where it seems the people have simply evaporated . Bicycles near a bus stop lie tipped over , as if owners forgot to retrieve them . Cars sit in a shopping center , seemingly waiting to have groceries loaded into them . A 7-Eleven convenient store sits in disarray , the items shaken from the shelves from the March 11 earthquake . These communities are complete ghost towns , frozen in time . The signs of life can oddly be found among livestock roaming the region . We come up to cows grazing on the hill right off the main road . They stare at us , the visitors , and then return to grazing , as we drive off . We 're surrounded by what appears to be farmland , overrun by brown weeds . I 'm carrying two radiation meters with me , one to measure surface radiation and one to track how much my body accumulates . The surface reader begins to climb , as soon as we drive past the entryway , even though I have n't placed it next to a contaminated surface , which residents hope will be decontaminated within a few years . The release of radiation from the plant primarily covered the communities to the north of the plant . Tomioka , in the southern end of the exclusion zone , has a lower level of contamination than towns to the north and northwest of the plant . But a lower level does n't mean it 's safe to be here long . We stop in a neighborhood to check the radiation . On the pavement , the surface reads a radiation level of 0.042 millisieverts per hour , which is 10 times what you 're exposed to in a dental x-ray . Not a significant problem since we 're in the exclusion zone for a short visit and wearing protective suits . But living on this street carries possible long-term health risks , especially for children . At a nearby park , contaminated soil sits under blue tarps . It 's the first hopeful sign of progress we 've seen , contained in this small park . But the rest of Tomioka sits empty , of people , of progress and an apparent future .	Tomioka was once home to 52,000 people It sits in the southern section of the exclusion zone Except for the livestock roaming the region , there are no people Surface radiation meter climbs near entryway to exclusion zone
CNN  -- Watching Sunday 's long , sometimes awkward Academy Awards broadcast was made more entertaining by the steady stream of commentary on Twitter . There were 6.8 million tweets during the event , 2.1 million tweets during the red carpet pre-shows , according to Twitter . The most Tweeted about moment was the Best Picture win for "  Argo . " It clocked in at 85,300 Tweets per minute , almost keeping pace with the number of words per minute in Ben Affleck 's acceptance speech . There were more musical numbers than usual in the show , and the highlights of the evening were Shirley Bassey , Jennifer Hudson and Adele . Twitter loved Adele : her performance of "  Skyfall " was the second most popular moment on the social network , and her win for Best Original song was fourth . Other highly Tweeted moments included Jennifer Lawrence 's win for Best Actress  and endearing stumble on the way to accept the award  , and Anne Hathaway 's win for Best Actress in a Supporting role . Google also tracked the spikes in search traffic throughout the evening . When William Shatner emerged as Captain James T. Kirk , searches for the word "  kirk " hit 1,500 a minute . Other jumps included searches for "  tie " the after the tie for Best Sound Editing was announced , and searches for "  michelle obama " when the first lady made a special appearance from the White House to help present the Best Picture . Here are some of the other big moments of the night , as narrated by Twitter 's army of amateur Tom Servos . . If unable to see the Storify below click here .	The most Tweeted about moment of the night was the Best Picture win for "  Argo " On Google , the busiest moment of the night happened when William Shatner came on stage Overall there were 8.9 million Tweets about the Academy Awards
CNN  -- Pop music superstar Beyonce is indeed irreplaceable , postponing a scheduled show Tuesday in Belgium because of "  dehydration and exhaustion , " her representatives said . Taking her doctors ' advice , Beyonce wo n't perform Tuesday night in Antwerp and is "  awaiting word " before deciding what to do about a second Belgium show set for Wednesday , according to a statement from her camp . Other dates on her tour -- dubbed "  The Mrs. Carter Show , " the name of which comes from her status as the wife of Shawn Carter , the real name of rapper Jay-Z -- "  are not expected to be affected , " her representatives said . Since kicking off April 15 in Belgrade , Serbia , Beyonce had performed all around Europe . Her last show on that continent is scheduled for London on June 1 , and four weeks later she 'll kick off the North American leg of her tour , which runs through August . Shortly after the announcement about Tuesday 's Belgium show -- which will be rescheduled -- a post on Beyonce 's Facebook page read , "  Antwerp thank you for bringing your donations to the venue today ! #beyGOOD . "	Beyonce is "  awaiting word " from doctors before deciding on a Wednesday show Other dates on "  The Mrs. Carter Show " tour should n't be affected , her camp says She began that tour in April , and it will end in the United States in August
CNN  -- Some 43.6 million Americans are expected to travel at least 50 miles from home for the Thanksgiving holiday , a slight increase over the 43.3 million people who traveled last year , according to AAA projections . While it 's the fourth consecutive year of growth in the number of holiday travelers , people are still finding ways to economize during the Thanksgiving holiday travel period  Wednesday , November 21 to Sunday , November 25  . Most people drive rather than fly to their holiday destinations , but even more are driving this year : Some 90 % of travelers will travel by car , a 0.6 percent increase . At the same time , the number of people flying is expected to drop from 3.2 million last year to 3.14 million this year . "  When it come to making choices , carving turkey with family and friends trumps pinching pennies , " said AAA president and CEO Robert Darbelnet , speaking at a Tuesday press conference . Higher gas prices earlier in the year may have convinced some people to travel shorter distances for the holiday , Darbelnet said . Car travelers are expected to drive an average of 588 miles this year compared to 706 miles last year . They are also spending less on travel , with median spending expected to drop 10 % this year to $ 498 . Drivers can expect a little relief at the gas pump . The national average price of gasoline will drop to between $ 3.25-3 .40 a gallon by Thanksgiving , according to AAA estimates . Despite this year 's historically high prices , the national average dropped by nearly 40 cents a gallon since early October and is likely to continue dropping through the end of the year . TSA promises to be fully staffed Even with the slight decline in air travel projections for this Thanksgiving holiday weekend , planes are expected to be full or nearly full . That 's why Transportation Security Administration head John Pistole promised Tuesday that the agency will be fully staffed to speed travelers to their destinations . "  We understand that holiday travel can be stressful and that a great trip often begins with a positive experience at the airport , " said Pistole , speaking at a Tuesday press conference at Reagan National Airport . "  To this end , TSA will be fully staffed and prepared for the high volume of passengers this holiday season . With everyone 's security at the forefront , we continue and are committed to processing passengers as safely and efficiently as possible , " Pistole added . Pistole advised travelers to follow some basic steps to speed up the security process . Call TSA Cares with medical issues : Travelers with disabilities and medical conditions should contact the TSA Cares helpline  855-787-2227  before their travel dates to see if they need to take any extra steps or if they qualify for extra assistance to clear security . Do n't wrap presents : A TSA officer may have to unwrap gifts to inspect the contents . What a drag for your kids to see what you bought them for Christmas before the actual day ! Ship desserts in advance : Sometimes a pie is n't just a pie -- it 's a prohibited liquid . So while cakes and pies are permitted on airplanes , your confection may require further inspection and may not necessarily be permitted to board . Remember the cupcake fiasco of 2012 ? Consider baking once you get to Grandma 's house . Follow the 3-1-1 rule : Most liquids can be carried in bottles that hold 3 ounces or less , once placed in a quart-sized , clear , plastic , zipped bag to hold all of your small bottles . There 's a limit of one bag per passenger . You may have gotten away with more bottles on your business trips , but those flights likely were n't as full as your holiday flight is going to be . That liquid rule includes snow globes : You can bring small snow globes as carry-on luggage as long as they are less than 3.4 ounces and packed in your 3-1-1 bag . If you 're not sure , leave the globe at home or ship it . Otherwise , it may get seized .	More Thanksgiving travelers are driving this year than last year Fewer people are taking to the air to celebrate Thanksgiving this year People are spending less and driving shorter distances this year People should still pack carefully and follow TSA guidelines when going through security
CNN  -- The promoter and agent who first brought The Beatles to America has died . Sid Bernstein died Wednesday in New York City , publicist Merle Frimark said in a statement . He was 95 . Bernstein helped start the "  British invasion " by bringing The Beatles to Carnegie Hall and later , to New York 's Shea Stadium for landmark concerts in 1965 and 1966 . People we 've lost in 2013 Bernstein booked the Carnegie Hall concert in August 1963 -- the same year that Capitol Records had rejected three singles from the group . "  I 'm a hunch player , you see , " Bernstein once said , according to his publicist 's statement . "  I was just glad to get this group I had been reading about for months . It took eight months after I booked them for there to be any airplay of their records on the radio . I had to convince Carnegie Hall and my financial backers to take a chance on this then-unknown group . I had been reading about their progress in the European papers and was fascinated with the hysteria that surrounded them . I was the first to promote The Beatles in the States and Ed Sullivan called me first about them before he ever booked them on his television show . " The Beatles in color - Unseen photos Ultimately , it was Sullivan 's audience who heard them first , on February 9 , 1964 . The Carnegie Hall concert that Bernstein booked was three days later . Bernstein , the son of Russian immigrants , also booked top acts like Frank Sinatra , Jimi Hendrix , Judy Garland and the Rolling Stones . He is survived by six children , six grandchildren and his wife of 50 years , Geraldine . CNN 's Todd Leopold , Denise Quan and Cody McCloy contributed to this report .	Sid Bernstein booked The Beatles at Carnegie Hall and Shea Stadium The promoter and agent died Wednesday at the age of 95 He also organized concerts for Frank Sinatra , Jimi Hendrix and the Rolling Stones .
CNN  -- The question has dipped in and out of the national conversation for decades : What should the United States do about marijuana ? Everyone has heard the arguments in the legalization debate about health and social problems , potential tax revenue , public safety concerns and alleviating an overburdened prison system -- but there is n't much new to say . The nation has moved from the abstract matter of "  if " to the more tangible debate over "  how , " said Beau Kilmer , co-director of the RAND Drug Policy Research Center and co-author of "  Marijuana Legalization : What Everyone Needs to Know . " Changing attitudes about weed are part of a larger shift in the country 's collective thoughts on federal drug policy . Just this week , on the heels of CNN 's Sanjay Gupta reversal of his stance on medical marijuana , Attorney General Eric Holder announced an initiative to curb mandatory minimum drug sentences and a federal judge called New York City 's stop-and-frisk policy unconstitutional . "  Between Attorney General Holder 's announcement , the decision made on stop-and-frisk and Dr. Gupta coming out with his documentary , it was a big week for drug policy , " Kilmer said . Peruse the Marijuana Majority website and you 'll see decrying pot prohibition is no longer confined to the convictions of Cheech and Chong . Today 's debate involves an unlikely alliance that unites conservatives Pat Robertson and Sarah Palin with rapper Snoop Lion  aka Snoop Dogg  , blogger Arianna Huffington and Jon Stewart of "  The Daily Show . " In June , the U.S. Conference of Mayors cited organized crime , a national change in attitude , the efficacy of medical marijuana and exorbitant costs to local governments in its resolution supporting "  states setting their own marijuana policies , " a stance similar to the one endorsed by the National Lawyers Guild and the Red Cross . "  I 'm surprised by the long-term increase in support for marijuana legalization in the last six or seven years . It 's unprecedented . It does n't look like a blip , " said Peter Reuter , a University of Maryland public policy professor with 30 years experience researching drug policy . Reuter , who co-wrote the book "  Cannabis Policy : Moving Beyond Stalemate , " said he believes two factors are spurring the shift in national opinion : Medical marijuana has reduced the stigma associated with the drug , making it "  less devilish , " and the number of Americans who have tried the drug continues to rise . Resistance fading When Washington and Colorado legalized pot -- with strict controls by established state agencies and a coherent tax structure -- opponents were n't able to raise the money to fight the initiatives , which Reuter considers an "  important signal that the country is no longer willing to fight this battle . " As important as the lack of resistance , Reuter said , is the subsequent response . Though he does n't see federal legalization on the horizon , he noted that the White House could easily shut Washington and Colorado down , either via a Justice Department crackdown or an IRS prohibition on tax deductions for the purchase of marijuana , which Reuter said would be a "  killer for the industry . " Instead , this week saw Holder make his mandatory minimum announcement without so much as a word about what 's happening in the states . Likewise , Congress has been reticent , Reuter said . "  It may be that everyone 's waiting to see what happens , " he said . "  I take their silence to be some form of assent . " In 1969 , a Gallup poll showed 12 % of Americans supported pot legalization , and it estimated that same year that four in 100 Americans had taken a toke . Last week , Gallup reported that number had spiked to almost four in 10 . Gallup , Pew and CNN/Opinion Research Corp. polls conducted in the past three years indicate a nation evenly divided , and Gupta 's documentary plants him among a loud chorus that has sung the drug 's praises since California approved medical marijuana in 1996 . Since then , 20 other states and the District of Columbia have passed similar laws , while Colorado and Washington state have legalized it for recreational use -- a move Alaska , California , Nevada and Oregon each twice rejected between 1972 and 2010 , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Sixteen states have decriminalized possession of personal amounts of marijuana since 1973 , including Colorado , which approved decriminalization 37 years before voters legalized cannabis in 2012 , according to the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws . Mark Kleiman , a UCLA public policy professor who has been tapped to mold Washington 's legal pot industry , noted that even in states where recent ballot initiatives were shot down , there are telling results . Perennial red state Arkansas ' medical marijuana vote in November , for example , was a squeaker , failing 51 % to 49 % . "  When 49 % of voters in Arkansas are voting for legal pot , we are n't in Kansas anymore , " said Kleiman , who co-wrote "  Marijuana Legalization " with Kilmer . A savvier debate The tone of the debate is also a sign that the country is nearing a tipping point at which public opinion effects political change . Rather than engaging in a simple yes-vs . - no debate about legalization , proponents are asking more nuanced questions : Should "  grows " be large or small ? What should the tax structure look like ? Should potency be limited ? Will the model involve for-profit companies ? How will weed be distributed ? "  The discussion over time -- and I think it 's for the better -- the discussion is starting to focus more on the details , " Kilmer said . "  Before , nobody has ever really had to confront those decisions . ... Those decisions are really going to shape the cost and benefits of policy change . " President Barack Obama 's drug czar , Gil Kerlikowske , said in 2010 that marijuana legalization was a "  nonstarter , " an assertion the Office of National Drug Control Policy says holds true today . The office emphasizes that the administration 's 2013 drug policy takes a new tack with the realization that America ca n't arrest its way out of its longtime drug epidemic . The White House policy , announced in April , favors prevention over incarceration , science over dogma and diversion for nonviolent offenders , the office says . Arguments for marijuana legalization , however , run counter to public health and safety concerns , the Office of National Drug Control Policy says . The federal government may have a difficult time maintaining its stance , experts predict . John Kane , a federal judge in Colorado , said in December he sees marijuana following the same path as alcohol in the 1930s . Toward the end of Prohibition , Kane explained , judges routinely dismissed violations or levied fines so trivial that prosecutors quit filing cases . "  The law is simply going to die before it 's repealed . It will just go into disuse , " Kane said . "  It 's a cultural force , and you simply can not legislate against a cultural force . " Kleiman , who is also chairman of the board for BOTEC Analysis Corp. , a think tank applying public policy analysis techniques to the issues of crime and drug abuse , said the federal government may have tripped itself up in the 1970s by classifying marijuana as a Schedule I drug with no medicinal use and a high potential for abuse . If the government had made it Schedule II , the classification for cocaine and oxycodone , 43 years ago , it would be easier today to justify a recreational ban , he said . States to take lead Kleiman said the infrastructure he is helping establish in Washington could provide a model for other states , but ideally , he 'd prefer a model that involved federal legalization and permitted users to either grow their own marijuana or patronize co-ops . "  All the stuff I want to do you ca n't do as long as it 's federally illegal , " Kleiman said . "  By the time we get it legalized federally , there will be systems in place in each state , " which will make uniform controls at a national level tricky . The push for legalization has gained momentum , though , he said , and he does n't foresee it moving backward . In 10 years , proponents might even move politics at a national level , he said , though predictions are problematic so long as pot prohibition endures . "  It 's sustained right now . Whether it 's going to be sustained is another question , " he said . In the meantime , states are expected to continue to lead the charge . Alaska could put a legalization ballot before voters next year , while Maine , Rhode Island , California and Oregon may give it a shot in 2016 , when the presidential election promises to bring younger voters to the polls . "  I think a lot 's going to depend on how legalization plays out in Colorado and Washington -- also , how the federal government responds , " Kilmer said . "  We still have n't heard how they 're going to address commercial production facilities in those states . " The next White House administration could easily reverse course , just as it could on mandatory minimums , Kilmer said , but while pot 's future is nebulous , the nation 's change in attitude -- not only since the 1960s , but even since a decade ago -- is clear . That makes proponents hopeful , if reluctant to make predictions . "  I did n't see this  shift in opinion  coming , and I think that 's true of my collaborators , " Reuter said . "  So much for experts . "	In legalization debate , nation has moved from "  if " to "  how , " drug policy expert says White House calls legalization a "  nonstarter ; " new policy favors prevention over incarceration Shift in opinion in last 6-7 years "  does n't feel like a blip , " public policy professor says Poll says in 4 in 10 Americans have tried marijuana , up from 4 in 100 in 1969
New York  CNN  -- A Somali suspect in the hijacking of the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama in the Indian Ocean last April has been charged with involvement in two additional hijackings , authorities said Tuesday . One of the hijacked vessels is still being held hostage , federal prosecutors said in announcing a 10-count indictment filed against Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse . The vessels are identified in court documents as "  Ship-1 " and "  Ship-2 . " Under the indictment , Muse faces charges including piracy ; seizing a ship by force ; kidnapping and hostage taking , along with charges of possessing a machine gun in the commission of other offenses . If convicted , he faces a maximum penalty of life in prison . He was to be arraigned on the additional charges Tuesday afternoon in federal court , authorities said . Muse is accused of participating in the two hijackings before the Maersk Alabama was hijacked April 8 , prosecutors said in a statement . Ship-1 was seized by pirates in March in the Indian Ocean , according to the indictment and a criminal complaint . Authorities say Muse and others "  known and unknown " boarded the vessel while armed with guns , threatened its captain and took control , holding the ship 's captain and crew hostage . While on the ship , prosecutors said , Muse aimed a gun at one of the hostages and threatened to kill him . He also showed a hostage what appeared to be an improvised explosive device , the statement said . "  Muse placed the IED in the vicinity of the hostage , and indicated that if the authorities came the IED would explode and the hostage would be killed . " In April , Muse and the others left Ship-1 on a small boat , called "  the skiff , " prosecutors said . When the skiff returned , the ship and the skiff "  were made to rendezvous " with another ship , Ship-2 . "  The captain of Ship-1 was ordered to pull Ship-1 up to Ship-2 . Ship-1 was then attached to Ship-2 , " according to the statement . "  Muse and others held hostage , on board Ship-2 , both the captain and the crew of Ship-1 and the captain and crew of Ship-2 . " On April 8 , Muse and three others left Ship-2 and boarded the Maersk Alabama , the indictment said . Prosecutors allege the four fired shots at the Maersk Alabama before boarding it . The captain and crew of Ship-2 are still being held hostage , according to the documents . The indictment does not say what happened to Ship-1 , its captain or crew . The Maersk Alabama was attacked about 350 miles off the Somali coast , authorities have previously said . Muse allegedly demanded that the ship be stopped , then he and others allegedly took a life boat and held the captain of the ship -- Capt. Richard Phillips -- hostage on it . The USS Bainbridge came to the assistance of the vessel , and in radio communications , Muse and the others threatened to kill Phillips if they were not guaranteed safe passage away from the scene , authorities have said . On April 12 , Muse boarded the Bainbridge and demanded safe passage for himself and the others in exchange for Phillips ' release , according to a criminal complaint . While he was away from the lifeboat , Navy SEALs shot and killed the three remaining pirates , authorities said . Muse was taken into custody . "  Piracy on the high seas is a threat against the community of nations , " Preet Bharara , U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York , said in the statement Tuesday . "  Today 's indictment alleges criminal conduct that extends beyond the attack against the captain and crew of the American-flagged Maersk Alabama . Modern-day pirates who wreak havoc off faraway coasts will be met with modern-day justice in the United States . " The investigation is continuing , Bharara said . A federal judge ruled in April that Muse could be tried as an adult . His father in Somalia told defense attorneys he was born November 20 , 1993 , meaning he would have been 15 at the time of the hijackings . However , the prosecution argued otherwise , saying Muse made statements suggesting he was older .	Alleged Somali pirate prosecuted in hijackings of two other ships New charges filed against Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse Other ships not identified ; pirates still hold one Snipers killed three pirates who had hijacked Maersk Alabama in April
CNN  -- Edwin Moses would like it to be known that Olympic athletes are made -- painstakingly -- not born . In a remarkable career as a 400 meters hurdler , Moses won gold at the 1976 and 1984 Olympics , broke four world records and enjoyed one of sport 's greatest winning streaks -- going unbeaten for an incredible 122 races . Known as "  Kermit " in high school for his long , frog-like limbs , Moses started hurdling when he was substituted in for a relay race . "  Someone got hurt and the coach said ` who wants to try hurdles ? ' " he recalls . "  I just got up there and started doing it . Never had anyone teach me , I just learned by doing it . " Following his track career , Moses formulated an assistance program that allowed athletes to accept funding from stipends and endorsements without losing their eligibility to compete at the Olympics . Today , Moses is a father , chair of the Laureus World Sports Academy , which promotes social change through sport , and a financial consultant for an investment management bank . He is also a motivational speaker who aims to inspire success in a corporate environment . Here , he tells Route to the Top about some of the principles that have underpinned his success , and that can apply to your own career , whether you 're chasing Olympic gold , or just a promotion . First learn , then innovate ... "  I won my first gold medal in ' 76 . I was 20 years old , which is young by today 's standards . I was right in the middle of my third year of college , studying physics and engineering , so I had a very good grounding in the mechanics of running . "  At Morehouse College we had no track , no field , no physical therapist , no massage therapist , nothing . So I basically had to put together an intense training program . "  I was very innovative , because I did n't have a lot of resources . I had a room mate who was a principal dancer with the Atlanta Ballet , so I learned a lot about stretching , precision body movements , things like that . " Know the competition , know yourself ... "  In any competitive environment , whether you 're in sales or marketing or whatever it is , you have to know your competition , understand who they are , do intelligent analysis on them and then you have to know yourself -- who you are and what you 're capable of doing . "  You have to know your external environment , as well . " See also : Haile Gebrselassie - tips for the top Make time for work and leisure ... "  The way I look at it , there is a ` no-compression zone , ' where you have your family , your personal life , things like your health and well being , a hobby , rest and relaxation . "  Then there 's the ` compression zone . ' You should be ready , when you go there , for things that can affect your performance , like commuting , stress on the job , electronic distractions , media that people get addicted to , and your internal and external job politics . "  You need to carve out enough time to be successful in both areas . You have to strategize , analyze , initiate and follow through . " Adapt methods to suit your own style ... "  I always saw hurdles as a form of art , because it 's very individual . One technique that may produce a world record for one guy could be useless for another guy . You really have to put it all together yourself . "  That 's what I did . " See also : To reach your potential , dare to be different Seek out other innovators ... "  I found ways to maintain my performance through working with professionals and doing things that other people were n't doing . "  Later in my career , I had a great physical therapist who kept me out on the track . We were doing innovative things like ice baths back in the early 80s when everyone else thought it was crazy . "  They were the only kind of people that I would even talk to concerning my races , because we were at a completely different level . " Even when you 're winning , stay focused on your program ... "  I never thought about  my winning streak  . All I knew was that I prepared myself better than everyone else on a daily basis and every race was mine to lose . "  I never thought about the competition . I only thought about the seven or eight elements of my training program that I had to check off every day . "  My life became measured in tenths of seconds . I knew exactly how hard I needed to run to hit those targets . I knew exactly how many I needed to do , to be in a certain condition . I knew exactly what intervals I needed for rest time in between . "  I had the whole thing wrapped up very scientifically . For me , it was like a big laboratory out there . "  I had to think about a year of workouts and where that would put me on race day . " Be driven , but be ethical ... "  In sports , there are people who , with the assistance of enablers and illegal substances can become better , and I find most of them would be mediocre without them . "  My career proves that you can be on top for a long period of time by doing things that come naturally . " See also : Is good karma good for business ? It 's all about hard work ... "  I started out not a talented person in track and field and just loved the sport and put so much into it that I became one of the best . "  In basketball , football , whatever , you 're dealing with a group of people who dedicate a lot of time and energy and have a lot of work habits . When things get tough , they 're the last people out there . "  Those are the people that become professional athletes . It 's not really about talent or just being born to do it . That professional basketball player probably shoots 500 shots a day every day . Every day . "	Olympic hurdler Edwin Moses learned about business while an international athlete . The MBA and financial consultant says successful sportspeople are created , not born . A physics major , Moses tailored his own training program and technique .
London  CNN  -- The Duchess of Cambridge attended her first public engagement since her pregnancy was announced this month , presenting prizes at a sports awards show Sunday evening in London . Catherine appeared on stage at London 's ExCel center to rousing applause , to present the awards at the BBC 's Sports Personality of the Year show . She wore a striking , floor-length green dress that showed off her slim figure and featured a daring slit . She handed over trophies for the night 's two biggest awards : Sports Personality of the Year , which went to 2012 Tour de France winner Bradley Wiggins ; and the Lifetime Achievement honor , which went to Lord Sebastian Coe , chairman of the London 2012 Olympics organizing committee . The duchess was last seen December 6 alongside her husband , Prince William , leaving the hospital where she had undergone several days of treatment for acute morning sickness . Her stay at the King Edward VII Hospital was overshadowed by the apparent suicide of Jacintha Saldanha , a nurse who took a prank phone call from Australian DJs . The pair made the hoax call to the hospital , pretending to be Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles in an effort to find out details of Catherine 's condition . Catherine 's illness had led the couple to announce her pregnancy earlier than the usual 12-week mark ; the royal couple have not announced when their baby is due . Health concerns have forced Catherine to pull out of several events in recent weeks , including the UK premiere of "  The Hobbit " in London this week ; Prince William attended the event alone . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	NEW : Duchess presents awards in striking , figure-hugging dress Prince William 's wife spent days in hospital suffering acute morning sickness Catherine presented prizes at BBC 's Sports Personality of the Year Awards in London
CNN  Football is the most widely played sport among French youths . Yet , it struggles to attract and retain girls . How can football serve as a tool of socialization when it remains the domain of young boys and men ? Algeria coach Christian Gourcuff , who has a coached a number of Ligue 1 clubs , notes that for a long time , women 's football "  was a sport totally marginalized . " Stereotypes abounded that the sport was too rough , too masculine for girls to play . They were much more likely to compete in basketball , ride horseback , or dance , such as Maïmouna Coulibaly , whose dance company , Les Ambianceuses , is internationally recognized  though overshadowed by her brother , Amedy Coulibaly , the kosher supermarket shooter in the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo massacre  . But change is afoot . Since the late 1980s , the French Football Federation  FFF  has promoted the sport to women and girls . "  Over the past 10 years , there has been a considerable development of the women 's game , " said Gourcuff . Former player and ex-Paris Saint-Germain official Jean-Michel Moutier concurred . Over the past decade "  girls have significantly increased the level of play , " he said . "  I am agreeably surprised by the quality of certain female football matches . " The sport 's increased television presence helps significantly , especially broadcasts of the women 's World Cup . "  That has changed a bit the image of women 's football , " Gourcuff said , "  notably among young girls . " Farid El Alagui , who now plays for Scottish club Hibernian , noticed a dramatic difference in how women 's football is perceived back home . "  If you look at the French national team , " he said , "  they 've been really good . " Les Bleues are presently third in FIFA 's world ranking and hopes are high for their success at the women 's World Cup in Canada between June 6 and July 5 . The professional women 's league is also responsible for encouraging more girls to play . "  There are big clubs like Paris Saint-Germain , " El Alagui said , "  who are very good and the level of play is quite high . " Such examples foster confidence to try to the sport . "  I think a lot of girls want to play football , " he said . "  They 're just scared . " However , enrollment statistics paint a less exuberant portrait . At ASVCM only seven out of 345 players in the club 's football school are girls , and two more play with the club 's youth teams in competitions . Such statistics are mirrored nationally . During the 2013-14 season , there were 50,516 licensed girls in the Under-6 to Under-20 demographic , as compared to 997,511 for boys of the same age . While few in number , the young girls at ASVCM -- a local sports club based in a town 12 kilometers south of Paris -- are welcomed and respected , observed Catherine Ledemé , who has volunteered with the club for more than a decade . "  They are often the ` mascots ' of the team , " she said . Moreover , they excel on the field . The football section 's president Marc Girard proudly boasted that two of ASVCM 's young players are in formation with PSG 's women 's team . For Ledemé , who week-in and week-out ensures the club 's conviviality , "  football has strong social values . " She supports girls playing football , regardless of the game 's stereotypes or image , a sentiment indicative of changing or changed attitudes . More is needed , but the continued success of the women 's league and national team will perhaps inspire more girls to take up the sport .	French women 's football has long been marginalized , stereotyped as a sport that is too rough and masculine for girls to play In recent years an increased television presence has raised the profile of the game , especially broadcasts of the women 's World Cup Enrollment statistics remain low with only about 50,000 licensed girls under 20 years of age compared to almost 1 million boys
Aberdeenshire , Scotland  CNN  The Scottish Highlands on a wintry morning in January made for an awe-inspiring interview setting . We traveled along narrow roads winding among snow-capped mountains , eventually arriving at Birkhall -- the Scottish home to Prince Charles and his wife , Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall . I had pitched for interviews with the couple several times over the years and finally Prince Charles accepted . I wanted to speak to them about their 10 years of marriage and their upcoming U.S. tour . The couple 's first tour as newlyweds was also to the United States , so it felt like an appropriate moment to take stock . When you reach the house , it strikes you as an idyllic royal hideaway . It has the sense of a castle but is welcoming like a farmhouse . It has a pinkish hue and green window frames that take in the stunning views . We went in the back entrance and were escorted through the house to the dining room at the front where we set things up . Rarely have cameras been allowed in , and never to this part of the house . As we were getting ready , an aide announced someone wanted to say hello . The Duchess of Cornwall appeared from around the corner , keen to welcome the crew . We spoke about what all Brits talk about -- the weather . Prince Charles opens up about love and life She is not what you might expect when you meet her . She 's more charismatic , which is something I hope comes across in the CNN special , "  Spotlight : Charles and Camilla . " Unfortunately she had declined our request to be interviewed . She 's never done one and does n't plan to . She wants the limelight to be on her husband . The Duchess of Cornwall had however allowed our cameras to get close enough to pick up sound during some of her public appearances . That would give viewers a greater sense of her character than they had had before . When Prince Charles arrived , he also insisted on meeting the crew , which was great but was also eating into our interview time . In the end , we had the full 20 minutes as planned . You can make your own judgements of the TV special , but I think we did manage to give you a good sense of him . He was comfortable enough to be himself . He was the same person on camera as off . Afterward , we walked through the house and into the garden for some additional shots . The Duchess of Cornwall joined us on the way and was worried I would be cold without a coat , but the coat was inaccessible and I did n't want to hold things up . You ca n't tell an awful lot about someone by spending just a morning with them , particularly as a journalist , but my impression was that they are close , connected and have fun . I then left them to take a stroll on their own with the crew , who captured some shots that I think have a small place in royal history -- a glimpse of a couple enjoying each other 's company in their private wilderness , before he ascends to the throne .	Max Foster spent time with Prince Charles and Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall Camilla declined to be interviewed Foster says couple seem close and connected
CNN  -- When world leaders gather in Rio Wednesday they will be hammering out a new set of goals to measure sustainable development . This time it 's the SDGs  sustainable development goals  -- goals which will influence a new development framework . But before we rush to embrace another acronym , we need to tackle a basic injustice left over from the last development goals -- access to reproductive health . Across the world more than two in five pregnancies are unplanned . Clearly this is a wasted opportunity to boost development and stabilize population growth - through something women want and need , the ability to decide when to become pregnant . More : Africa 's birth rate : ` Why women must be free to choose ' Rapid population growth puts pressure on economies as governments struggle to provide education and health services , yet in many countries around the world women still have little choice when it comes to childbearing . More than 215 million women in the developing world who wish to protect themselves from unwanted pregnancy are still not using an effective method of contraception . This unmet need highlights just how far reproductive health and rights have slipped off the agenda : just at the time when it should be key to the challenge of sustainable development . Reproductive rights and health services not only provide immediate health benefits and reductions in maternal and child mortality , but helps end poverty passed on from one generation to another and lightens the burden on countries with few natural resources . Experience has shown us that educating girls , legal reform and access to family planning have made all the difference in many countries . While it 's true that economic and social development leads to women having smaller families , the converse is also true -- that the gains that contraception has made possible in women 's health make family planning one of the most successful international development stories . In the words of Nafis Sadik , former head of the United Nations Population Fund , "  it is the freedom from which other freedoms flow " . The evidence continues to bear this out - family planning saves lives , contributes to the fight against HIV and AIDS and helps governments and communities achieve sustainable social and economic development . World Bank studies have found reproductive healthcare extremely cost-effective : an investment of US $ 4.10 per person could avert eight per cent of the global burden of disease . See also : Why family health makes moral and economic sense Fully meeting the unmet need for family planning services would result in global unintended pregnancies dropping from 75 million to 22 million . This would result in 25 million fewer abortions , 22 million fewer unplanned births , and 680,000 fewer deaths among women and newborns . As a result , couples and individuals and communities will become more resilient - they will be better able to prepare for unpredictable events , including climate change disasters , and to adapt towards economic , social and environmental sustainability . See also : Mother 's Day is not so rosy in Africa That 's why IPPF , the world 's largest reproductive health and rights organization , will be vocal and visible at the Rio Summit . We will be lobbying for a clear road map for the SDGs and one that prioritizes women 's representation , binding agreements on universal access to reproductive health and pledges to deliver those services . Ahead of the Rio summit , IPPF is making three positive commitments of its own to meet the sexual and reproductive health needs of people in the world 's poorest countries to increase their resilience to climate change . More : Road to Rio special coverage Firstly we will meet the needs of some 120 million women by increasing our provision of services for the poorest and most vulnerable people by 50 % . Secondly , we will work towards making comprehensive sexuality education available to the world 's largest ever generation of young people have by 2020 . See also : 7 billion reasons to empower women Finally we will lobby governments for legislative changes to ensure universal access to sexual and reproductive services by 2020 . As climate change begins to influence our lives , it is the poorest women and children who again will pay the highest price . It is also women who can lead the changes required for increased resilience in the face of climate change and to enable them to do this we must meet their unmet need for health and education . We must now make up for lost time , investment and the opportunity . We need to hold governments and international agencies accountable for the commitments they have made -- financial , political and legal . This level of unmet need will expand as the world 's largest generation ever of young people enter their reproductive lives - increasing demand for contraception by 40 per cent by 2050 . This represents a crisis for health , human rights , and development . How can we hope for global sustainability and resilience unless we invest now in sexual and reproductive health and rights ? The opinions expressed in this piece are solely those of Tewodros Melesse .	Across the world more than two in five pregnancies are unplanned As the world 's largest generation ever enters their reproductive lives , the demand for contraception will rise World Bank studies have found reproductive healthcare extremely cost-effective
LAHORE , Pakistan  CNN  -- Former Pakistani prime minister and opposition figure Nawaz Sharif arrived in Pakistan 's second-largest city Sunday , where he plans to end seven years in exile and directly participate in upcoming elections . Nawaz Sharif arrived amid a crowd of uniformed security personnel and throngs of cheering supporters He arrived at Lahore 's airport on a jet provided by the Saudi government at around 6:30 p.m.  8:30 a.m. ET  . He emerged amid a crowd of uniformed security personnel and throngs of cheering supporters at the airport , where security was on high alert . Speaking to CNN just moments before his plane departed from Medina , Saudi Arabia , Sharif denied reports that he struck a deal with President Pervez Musharraf 's government that would allow him to return to Pakistan . "  I have n't met any Pakistani government functionary over the last eight years , although there were a lot of overtures from the Pakistani side to meet me and to talk to me , " Sharif said Sunday afternoon . He said he has not changed his position on Musharraf , the man who overthrew him in a bloodless military coup in 1999 . "  He is not a legitimate president of the country ; I do not accept that , not at all , " Sharif said . It is the second time Sharif has arrived in Pakistan this year . He was quickly deported back to Saudi Arabia by Musharraf 's government when he tried to return in September . Political observers doubt he will be turned away this time . Pakistani police set up on roadblocks leading into Lahore and the government had warned Sharif supporters they would be blocked from entering the city . Pakistani police launched a crackdown on Sharif supporters ahead of his arrival , arresting several hundred at their homes and stopping hundreds more who were traveling to Lahore to welcome him , authorities and eyewitnesses told CNN . Former Pakistani prime minister and opposition leader Benazir Bhutto returned to Pakistan in October , after eight years in self-imposed exile . While traveling from the Karachi airport , her motorcade was attacked , killing 136 people . She was unharmed . Sharif -- who leads the opposition party Pakistan Muslim League -- said he has been talking to Bhutto "  trying to find common ground " in uniting the opposition to Musharraf 's government . "  We both have been interacting over the past few days , so let 's see what comes out of it , " Sharif said . Sharif , like other opposition leaders , was highly critical of Bhutto for discussing a power-sharing government with Musharraf . Those talks ended when Musharraf imposed a state of emergency on November 3 . Sharif said that while his alliance -- the All Pakistan Democratic Movement  APDM  -- is preparing to participate in the January elections , they will only take part if Musharraf withdraws the emergency declaration and releases opposition members who have been jailed . "  Everything that was done must be reversed and drawn back completely , " he said . "  Just withdrawing emergency will not be enough , " he said . "  You must have a level playing field for free and fair elections . " Asked if he could ever agree to a power sharing deal with Musharraf as president and he as prime minister , Sharif answered , "  No , no , no , no question . " Sharif said he refused recent attempts by Musharraf to meet with him in Saudi Arabia . Sharif said he rejected the offer because the two men "  are poles apart . " Musharraf met with Saudi leaders last week -- his first trip since imposing the state of emergency -- raising speculation that an understanding was reached with the Saudi government that prompted their support of Sharif 's return from exile . A spokesman for Musharraf told CNN Sunday there was no agreement or understanding with Sharif . Saudi authorities have been pushing Pakistan to allow Sharif back in the country . In addition to his aircraft to Lahore , the Saudi royal family also has provided him with a bulletproof car in Lahore , according to one of his deputies and a government source . Convicted of terrorism , hijacking and tax evasion after Musharraf seized power in 1999 , Sharif was released in 2000 in exchange for agreeing to 10 years of exile in Saudi Arabia . He retained his Pakistani citizenship but has not been allowed to travel to Pakistan or directly take part in Pakistani politics . On his arrival , Sharif plans to visit the shrine of a Sufi saint , then go to his home in Lahore . He also plans to visit the burial site of his father , who died while Sharif was in exile . The former official has no plans to call a news conference but was to make a statement at the airport in Pakistan . Last week , Pakistan 's Supreme Court -- recently stacked by Musharraf with his allies -- ruled against the last challenge blocking the ratification of last month 's presidential election . On Saturday , the election commission officially notified the federal government that Musharraf won . The move clears the path for him to take the oath of office for the third time , which he has vowed to do after stepping down as the country 's military chief . No date has been set for the swearing-in . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Karl Penhaul and Mohsin Naqvi contributed to this report .	Former Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif arrives in Lahore Police arrest hundreds of Sharif supporters ahead of his arrival Sharif was deported back to Saudi Arabia in September President Pervez Musharraf ousted Sharif in a bloodless coup in 1999
CNN  -- A 7-year-old girl died after a large ocean wave kicked up by Hurricane Bill knocked her and two other people into the Atlantic off Maine 's Acadia National Park on Sunday , a park official said . An ocean wave knocked three people into the Atlantic off Maine 's Acadia National Park on Sunday . Coast Guard rescuers plucked the three from the ocean after a wave swept them from a rocky ledge at the park , according to Sheridan Steele , the park 's superintendent . The conditions of the two survivors -- a 12-year-old girl and a man -- were not immediately available . No names were released . Ocean waves also injured a few other people at the park , knocking them to the ground or into rocks and crevices , Steele said . Some were taken to a hospital with broken bones or other injuries , Steele said . The victims were among several thousand people who were at the park late Sunday morning to watch the high waves that Hurricane Bill -- a Category 1 storm -- was producing offshore . "  Even though we try to warn people and try to get people to watch from a safe distance , we were n't able to contact everybody in time , " Steele said Sunday evening . The hurricane 's center passed New England without making landfall and got very close to the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on Sunday afternoon . It was expected to pass near or over southeastern Nova Scotia , Canada , on Sunday night , the National Hurricane Center said . Watch how Canada is bracing for Bill " At 11 p.m. , Hurricane Bill was about 115 miles west-northwest of Cape Race , Newfoundland , according to the hurricane center . The storm had maximum sustained winds near 75 mph , and was moving to the east-northeast near 40 mph the center reported . Bill would become a tropical storm if its winds fall below 74 mph . "  Weakening is forecast during the next 24 hours and Bill is expected to become extratropical on Monday , " the center 's 11 p.m. advisory said . "  Large and dangerous swells generated by Hurricane Bill will continue to impact the Atlantic Maritimes of Canada overnight . " Though tropical storm warnings were lifted in the United States , tropical storm warnings were in effect for parts of Canada 's Nova Scotia , Prince Edward Island and and Newfoundland . A tropical storm warning means tropical storm conditions are expected somewhere within the warning area within 24 hours . "  Large and dangerous swells generated by Hurricane Bill " were possible along those provinces Sunday night , and 2 to 6 inches of rain were possible in Newfoundland , the advisory said . Earlier , the weather service warned that dangerous surf and "  life-threatening rip currents " remained concerns along the U.S. East Coast . Rip currents are strong seaward flows of water that occur where there 's a break in the shoreline . They are difficult to detect . Watch a primer on rip currents " The water is unsafe even for "  strong swimmers , " Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick warned Saturday . Though beaches along the Massachusetts coast remained closed , the National Weather Service lifted its tropical storm warnings there Sunday morning . Stuart Smith , the harbormaster in Chatham , Massachusetts , said there were reports of "  insignificant " storm-related damage , but Bill did not cause much concern . "  I think we really dodged a bullet , " he said . "  It stayed just enough offshore to give us a break . " Watch how Canada is bracing for Bill " It 's good news for President Obama and his family , who planned to arrive for vacation in Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts , on Sunday . "  We look forward to welcoming him to Massachusetts as soon as he can safely get here , " Patrick said . Rain was scant in Chatham on Sunday morning as residents went about their normal business . Doug Ricciardi , a cook at the Chatham Pier Fish Market , was making 5-gallon buckets of chowder , as he does every morning . He said he was expecting a typically busy day at the restaurant . Watch how surf warnings persist in North Carolina " Smith said the only problems reported were a few small boats washed ashore or coming loose from their moorings . Patrick O'Connell of Chatham said he has a house on nearby North Beach Island , and neither his nor his neighbor 's house suffered any damage . Smith said the beaches should reopen Monday at 2 p.m. after the heavy surf and rip currents pass . The Coast Guard reported swells reached 18 feet about 15 miles off the Massachusetts coast early Sunday . The swells began diminishing around 3 a.m. , and swells off the coast of Chatham on Sunday morning were 11 feet . Watch the waves crash on Massachusetts beach " Hurricane Bill skirted Bermuda , leaving rain in its wake . A tropical storm warning for Bermuda was discontinued . iReport.com : Are you bracing for Hurricane Bill ? The weather service reported that swells from Bill continued to affect Bermuda early Sunday , but should gradually diminish over the course of the day . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : One of three people in Maine swept into Atlantic Ocean by wave dies Victims were among people at state park to watch high waves from Hurricane Bill Storm skirts East Coast ; Massachusetts residents carry on with daily lives Chatham , Massachusetts , harbormaster : "  I think we really dodged a bullet "
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran has successfully test-fired a new version of its Fateh missile , which has a longer range than previous models , Iranian news agencies reported Wednesday . The Fateh-110 was designed by Iranian scientists and is also more accurate than older versions , Brig. Gen. Ahmad Vahidi , Iran 's defense minister , told state-run Press TV and the semi-official Fars news agency . It was n't immediately clear whether the Fateh-110 is a short - or medium-range missile . Press TV reported it is 9 meters  29.5 feet  long and weighs 3,500 kilograms  7,716 pounds  . Vahidi claimed that the production of the missile was "  another victory in the field of defense and technology , and was another example of busting the sanctions and getting rid of them , " Fars quoted him as saying . He also denied that Iran 's implementation of the Fateh missile was linked to the recent purchase of U.S.-made Patriot missiles by Kuwait , according to Fars . "  Kuwait is not a threat to us because we have friendly relations with Kuwait ... however , there was no need to have that system  Patriot  in Kuwait , " the minister said . The test-firing of the missile came days after Iran unveiled the first long-range military drone manufactured in the country , state media reported . On Saturday Iran also began fueling its first nuclear energy plant in the southern city of Bushehr , according to the nation 's state media . Press TV said the effort would help the country create nuclear-generated electricity . But some Western nations have questioned whether the nuclear fuel will be used solely for electricity , suggesting that Iran would eventually try to enrich uranium on its own , providing material for nuclear weapons . The United States has questioned Iran 's motives in continuing to enrich uranium within its borders . The five permanent U.N. Security Council members plus Germany offered Iran a deal last October : send the low-level uranium out of the country to be enriched elsewhere in exchange for fuel for its reactor . Tehran did not accept and instead made a counteroffer : make the swap a simultaneous one and carry it out on Iranian soil . The U.S. State Department called the Iranian proposal a stalling tactic and said world powers would not "  front " the fuel to Iran . A stalemate ensued . The United States is now seeking support for expanded sanctions , saying Iran is unlikely to negotiate unless sanctions are in place . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	The new version of the Fateh missile has a longer range , Iranian news outlets say Defense minister denies missile is response to Kuwait 's Patriot missile purchase Iran began fueling first nuclear energy plant at weekend , raising fears in West
CNN  -- Police deaths in Afghanistan have doubled this year after NATO forces handed over security responsibility to poorly equipped and poorly trained local security forces . The country 's new Interior Minister , Mohammad Omar Daudzai , said that 1,792 Afghan policemen had lost their lives and more than 2,500 had been injured since March . That 's double the number of a year ago . Roadside bombs planted by the Taliban and other insurgent groups inflict the most damage , according to Daudzai . Afghan , NATO troops repel Taliban attack on U.S. base near Pakistan Local police suffer because they lack modern weapons , armored vehicles and adequate training , he said . The security forces remain dependent on NATO air support during their operations . On the front lines , the frustration is obvious . Security forces need better equipment . "  My job is to save the lives of my people , " said Abdullah Khan , who mans a checkpoint in the city of Jalalabad . "  That is not possible with a few AK-47 guns and the soft-skin Ford Ranger vehicle that I have . " He said it does n't help that most of his officers are illiterate . The situation illustrates the difficulties local forces face as NATO and American troops largely exit the county by the end of 2014 . The plan is to withdraw all combat troops but keep a residual force in the country to help train Afghans and carry out counterterrorism operations when needed . Civilian casualties in Afghanistan up by nearly a quarter	Nearly 1,800 Afghan police lose their lives between March and August Local forces say they need better weapons and armored vehicles NATO and American combat forces plan to leave the country by the end of 2014
CNN  -- The U.S. Soccer Federation will hold a news conference Monday to formally introduce former German skipper Jurgen Klinsmann , 46 , as the new coach of the men 's national soccer team . Klinsmann 's first match will be a highly anticipated August 10 bout with Mexico , which thrashed the U.S. 4-2 in this year 's Gold Cup final . He takes over as the team 's 35th manager , replacing Bob Bradley who had coached the team since January 2007 . Bradley was relieved of his duties Thursday . U.S. Soccer President Sunil Gulati said he was excited to see Klinsmann taking over . "  He is a highly accomplished player and coach with the experience and knowledge to advance the program , " Gulati said in a statement last week . "  Jürgen has had success in many different areas of the game and we look forward to the leadership he will provide on and off the field . " Klinsmann 's record as a coach is a mixed bag . Though he silenced many of his critics by leading Germany to a third-place trophy in the 2006 World Cup , he stepped down to be with his wife , Debbie , and their two children , who live in California . "  I have a big wish to return to my family and get back to normality , " he said during a news conference announcing his resignation . In 2008 , the Goppingen native took over Bayern Munich , one of Germany 's most prestigious club teams , but he was replaced after a year , despite a 25-9-9 record and making the quarterfinals of Europe 's Champions League . It was widely reported that he did not see eye-to-eye with Munich 's board of directors . It 's worth noting that Klinsmann coached American star Landon Donovan during a loan to Munich . Klinsmann told Sports Illustrated 's Grant Wahl last year that he believes Donovan "  can play at the highest level " and thinks the 29-year-old midfielder could have excelled in Germany 's Bundesliga had he been given more time . Klinsmann 's resume as a player is far more impressive . As a striker , "  the Golden Bomber " always had a knack for finding the back of the net and amassed 232 goals in 516 games during his 17-year club career . During that time , he played for some of the world 's best teams , including Italy 's Inter Milan , England 's Tottenham Hotspur and Bayern Munich . He also played for the West German national team that won the 1990 World Cup and the German squad that brought home 1996 's European Championship . He scored 47 goals in 108 games for his national team . Klinsmann has been considered for the U.S. post in the past , but negotiations crumbled twice over the amount of control Klinsmann would wield in coaching the top American squad . Last year , Klinsmann told Wahl that he passed on the job after the 2006 World Cup but "  left it totally positive . " In a separate interview with SI 's soccer guru , Klinsmann said he turned down the job following the 2010 World Cup because the U.S. Soccer Federation would n't give him full control of the team in writing . He declined to explain exactly what the federation refused to include . "  That goes too much into specifics , " Klinsmann told Wahl . "  I do n't want to go that far . We could n't get the deal done because of a couple of issues , and the main issue was we could n't get it into a written format . And that 's it . " Klinsmann will immediately replace Bradley , who was signed to a second four-year contract in August . He had a 45-25-12 record but faced criticism for decisions that observers said led to losses in pivotal games . Included are a 2-1 loss to Ghana in the second round of the 2010 World Cup , and blown 2-0 leads in the 2009 Confederations Cup final against Brazil and the Gold Cup final against Mexico in June .	Klinsmann was tapped a day after U.S. men 's coach was fired He has a mixed record as a coach His first match will be a highly anticipated bout against Mexico
CNN  -- Susan River is surrounded by fire . At night , flames are visible on the ridges of the Jemez Mountains , which separate River 's and other Santa Fe , New Mexico , homes from the situation to the west in Los Alamos . During the day , River can see only smoke in the distance . "  I look out my front door and see the Pacheco fire and I look out my back door and see the Los Alamos fire , " said River . River does n't think she 's the only one experiencing such a view . "  I think a lot of people in Santa Fe are in that situation right now , " she said . "  I think it can be quite depressing if you do n't stay on top of that emotionally . " The Los Alamos fire , which is officially called the Las Conchas fire , is roughly 20 miles northwest of River 's back door and sparked the evacuation of nearly 10,000 people from the town . It has consumed more than 60,000 acres and none of its perimeters are contained , according to InciWeb , an online database that keeps track of natural disasters such as fires and floods . River , an academic affairs employee at Santa Fe University of Art and Design , hosted one of Los Alamos ' evacuees Monday night . "  It 's very difficult for him , " she said . "  It 's a very uncertain time . This fire is acting so differently  from ones before  -- it does make me a little nervous . " The Las Conchas Fire began on private land Sunday and expanded into the Santa Fe National Forest and Jemez Ranger District , according to InciWeb . The Pacheco Fire continues to burn in the Pecos Wilderness , two miles north of the Santa Fe Ski Basin . It has scorched 10,000 acres since it began June 18 . The blaze was 15 % contained Tuesday , but it 's very likely to continue growing , according to InciWeb . The Donaldson and Game fires south of Hondo and U.S. Highway 70 have merged into one fire that has consumed an estimated 15,000 acres and is also 0 % contained , according to the New Mexico Fire Information website . No structures have been burned , however , and no one has been evacuated due to the fire , which was started by lightning , according to the website . Not only have dry conditions and gusty winds threatened the growth of the fires , but residents in Santa Fe and Los Alamos , including River , fear the effect the Las Conchas fire will have on the Los Alamos National Laboratory , a nuclear science center . The lab is about 35 miles northwest of Santa Fe , but still River worries . "  They say there 's no real danger , " she said . "  But you do n't know ... it 's a little nerve-wracking . " Charles McMillan , the laboratory 's director , said Tuesday that all was under control at the facility , regardless of a small fire that broke out Monday . "  The only fire we 've had at the lab at all is a very small fire yesterday afternoon , " McMillan said at a news conference Tuesday with other government officials . "  Our firefighters saw it quickly and put it out . It burned something less than an acre . That 's where we stand . " The National Nuclear Security Administration was scheduled to survey the lab Tuesday to measure radiation levels , according to a statement on the Los Alamos National Laboratory website . The fire has raised concerns about whether hazardous materials kept there are being adequately guarded . McMillan and other officials say the materials are secure , and that any information important to the safety of the public would be announced . Doug Tucker , the Los Alamos fire chief , said the Las Conchas fire touches the south border of the lab 's 40-square-mile facility , and comes close to the west border . He made no promises that it would stay away . But McMillan said lab personnel had prepared for such an event . "  They have anticipated the problem of fire , and they 've taken precautions , " Sen. Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico told CNN Monday . "  The structures that are central to the operation of the laboratory are well protected . " At Tuesday 's news conference , New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez promised citizens that she , too , would provide any information that affected public safety regarding the lab and also warned citizens to avoid using fireworks for July Fourth and the rest of the season . The lab has been closed at least until Wednesday due to the fires and employees are instructed to stay away unless absolutely necessary , said InciWeb . Martinez said she 's concerned about the situation . "  That is the reason for the evacuation and that is the reason the team has been brought in to make sure that lab is completely safe , " Martinez said in a phone interview with CNN Tuesday morning . Voluntary evacuations began Sunday evening in Los Alamos and White Rock , a town southeast of Los Alamos , but quickly became mandatory for Los Alamos residents by Tuesday , according to InciWeb . River attributes the success of such evacuations , in part , to past experiences . "  I think everybody learned a lot from the last fire , " she said . "  I have to say that from what I can see , the evacuation from Los Alamos was very efficient and it seemed to go off without a hitch . " River plans to leave town if necessary and stay with friends who are out of the way of the fires , she says . CNN 's Craig Bell contributed to this report	"  It 's a little nerve-wracking , " a Santa Fe resident says Authorities order a mandatory evacuation for the town of Los Alamos More than 10,000 people are affected by the evacuation order Officials : Central structures at the Los Alamos nuclear facility well protected
Beijing  CNN  -- Like many mothers , Yan breastfeeds her child . But she 's also found a way of making it pay . After noticing she produces more than she needs , Yan -- who lives with her five-month-old baby in Shenyang , the capital of China 's northern Liaoning Province -- decided to sell it . "  I do n't want to waste my milk , " she told CNN . "  I heard that others sell breast milk online , and I thought ` Why not sell mine ? ' I created a Web page and started my business . " A cursory search for "  breast milk " on 58 . com , a Chinese online shopping platform , reveals no shortage of mothers offering to sell their breast milk . From Shanghai to Guangzhou , nursing mothers are cashing in on this booming online trade . "  I just need to wait for calls , " said Yan . "  I provide fresh and frozen breast milk . But you have to pick it up yourself . " According to Yan , the market price is around 5,000 RMB  US$ 814  for a month 's supply . In contrast , a month 's worth of conventional baby formula costs around 2,000 RMB  US$ 325  in China . After China 's tainted milk powder scandal in 2008 , many new mothers who were unable to produce enough breast milk for their infant resorted to buying formula overseas â $ " most notably in Hong Kong . However , earlier this year Hong Kong introduced limits on the amount of milk powder travelers can take out of the territory , over concerns about shortages and a "  black market " in formula sold at vastly inflated prices . The restrictions have encouraged new mothers to find other means of sourcing milk to feed their babies . "  If I do n't have enough breast milk I would prefer to purchase human breast milk , because I do n't trust our milk powder , " explained Fang Lu , a newlywed who is planning to start a family . This week , the mistrust of milk powder extended to the biggest single supplier of dairy products to China . On Saturday , New Zealand company Fonterra announced that a strain of bacteria that causes botulism had been found in batches of an ingredient used to make baby formula , as well as sports drinks . China immediately halted imports of Fonterra-produced Whey Powder and Dairy Base powder , and increased inspections of New Zealand dairy products . Some mothers may be turning to others ' breast milk as an "  safer " alternative but health experts say it does n't come without risks . According to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , babies fed unscreened milk from other mothers could be exposed to infectious diseases , including HIV , and illegal and prescription drugs . It adds that , if not stored properly human milk , "  like any type of any type of milk , becomes contaminated and unsafe to drink . " In May , China opened its first breast milk bank at the Guangzhou Maternity and Childcare Hospital and just last week another opened in Nanjing , Jiangsu province . However , like others around the world , they impose strict controls on who is able to donate , limiting the availability of supply . The trend of mothers ' buying human milk online is not limited to China . A number of sites exist online to match buyers and sellers . Separately , an increasing number of women are turning to informal milk sharing sites that trust donors to properly store their milk and declare any lifestyle or health risks to prospective recipients . On those sites , the sale of breast milk is strictly prohibited . In China , trading human breast milk online occupies a legal gray area . While the Ministry of Health Law Supervisor Department has declared that human breast milk can not be a commodity , no laws regulate or explicitly prohibit its sale . But while the practice may not be encountering legal obstacles , some people spoken to by CNN expressed discomfort with the growing popularity of the trade . Wangyan Liu , a doctor from Beijing , said he was concerned about breast milk sales , saying that poorly stored milk could make infants sick . "  If conditions of breast milk storage are not good , then it 's more dangerous , " he said . "  We need laws for the breast milk business . " But for Yan , the emergence of China 's breast milk market is a positive development -- and not one that is solely motivated by profit . "  I think the business is totally fine . I have excess breast milk and I want to help others -- and earn some money , " she said .	Some mothers in China have begun selling their excess breast milk online Fears about the safety of infant formula have prompted mothers to seek an alternative The sale of breast milk occupies a legal gray area in China Sales of breast milk also occur in other countries
CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration has suspended two air traffic controllers over last week 's collision of two aircraft over the Hudson River that killed nine people , a spokeswoman said . The wreckage of a plane that collided with a helicopter is lifted this week from the Hudson River . A controller at New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport handling the flight of a Piper airplane carrying three people "  was involved in apparently inappropriate conversations on the telephone at the time of the accident , " FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown said in a statement Thursday . A source with knowledge of the investigation said the controller was on the phone with his girlfriend "  after he cleared the pilot for takeoff ; he was still on the phone at the time of the crash . " In addition , "  the supervisor was not present in the building as required , " Brown said . "  While we have no reason to believe at this time that these actions contributed to the accident , this kind of conduct is unacceptable , and we have placed the employees on administrative leave and have begun disciplinary proceedings , " she said . Watch amateur video of the moment of impact " "  These are serious violations of the FAA regulations , " said Mary Schiavo , former inspector general for the Transportation Department . The union for air traffic controllers urged caution . "  We support that any such allegation is fully investigated before there is a rush to judgment about the behavior of any controller , " said a statement from the National Air Traffic Controllers Association . The National Transportation Safety Board is working with the FAA in investigating Saturday 's collision of the Piper , which had taken off from Teterboro , with a sightseeing helicopter that was carrying five Italian tourists and a pilot . No one aboard either aircraft survived the crash . The NTSB has said the pilot of the small plane was cleared electronically and handed off to Newark , New Jersey , air traffic controllers , a standard procedure . However , Newark 's control tower never got a verbal response from the pilot of the small plane . The controller put on leave was described as a longtime employee , the source said . He and the supervisor face disciplinary action that could include their firing . Also Thursday , FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt said the agency may reissue advisories to pilots using the busy airspace over the Hudson . Pilots are urged to use a radio frequency dedicated to traffic in that corridor , fly no faster than 140 knots and turn on their lights as they enter that airspace . Babbitt made the comments at an event at the agency 's research facility in Atlantic City , New Jersey . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Spokeswoman : Controller was talking to girlfriend on phone during accident Controller 's supervisor also not present in building as required , spokeswoman says Controller was handling plane carrying three people that collided with helicopter Nine people died in collision of tourist helicopter and plane over Hudson River
CNN  -- At least 48 people were killed when a twin-engine turboprop plane crashed Wednesday while attempting to land in Taiwan 's Penghu Islands , according to Taiwan 's Civil Aeronautics Administration . Officials say 10 people were injured in the plane crash and that five residents on the ground were also hurt . Taiwan 's Transportation Minister Yeh Kuang-shih told reporters there were no casualties on the ground . Taiwanese authorities are now identifying victims and investigating the cause of the crash . Two of the people killed were believed to be French passengers , identified as Jeromine Deramond and Penelope Luternauer , according to Taiwan 's Central News Agency . One of those on the passenger 's list was an 82-year-old Taiwanese wood craftsman , according to local Taiwanese media . Footage aired on CNN affiliate ETTV showed the plane had crashed in a residential area and broken into pieces . ETTV reported that the fallen plane destroyed or damaged 11 houses . The central weather bureau reported lightning storms at the time and winds between 40 and 45 mph , the news agency said . Injured passengers were taken to Penghu Hospital , and TransAsia Airways established an emergency response center , according to a statement issued by the airline . The president of TransAsia Airways , Chooi Yee-choong , appeared briefly at a news conference and bowed in front of news cameras . He choked up as he expressed his sorrow to passengers ' families and the public . "  I sincerely apologize , " he said . Before Flight GE222 took off from Kaohsiung , Taiwan , it had been delayed because of conditions related to a typhoon , the airline said . The plane was a 72-seat twin-engine turboprop ATR 72 . "  TransAsia Airways is exhausting all means to assist passengers , victims and families " and working with investigators , its statement read . One of the plane 's flight data recorders was recovered , and investigators will examine the crash site Thursday , the minister said . The plane crashed near Magong Airport at about 7 p.m. , according to CNA . Witnesses told ETTV that they saw homes on fire . The cause of the crash is unknown . Some media reports said strong winds from Typhoon Matmo , which hit Taiwan early Wednesday , forced the plane to attempt a crash landing . Taiwan 's Civil Aeronautics Administration director , Jean Shen told reporters that visibility at Magong Airport at the time of the plane 's attempted landing was about 1,600 meters  1 mile  and considered acceptable for landing . The Penghu Islands are off the west coast of the main Taiwanese island . Typhoon Matmo threatens mudslides in Taiwan CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat and Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	Taiwanese news agency says 10 people were injured Two of the people killed were from France Taiwan 's transportation minister says there were no casualties on the ground CNN affiliate ETTV says plane hit a residential building
CNN  -- In the world of golf , the next generation of stars just keeps on getting younger . Ever since Judy Rankin blazed a trail by entering the 1959 U.S. Women 's Open at the age of 14 , the sport has been a playground for many a young pretender . Lucy Li was the latest child prodigy to rewrite the record books in May when she became the youngest player to ever qualify for the U.S. Women 's Open , aged just 11 , although she failed to make the cut at last month 's event . The men 's game is in similar rude health . Guan Tianlang became the youngest player to make the cut in a major championship following his appearance as a 14-year-old at the 2013 Masters , while Jordan Spieth nearly became the youngest player to win that tournament in April at the age of 20 . "  We are encountering them more often . They are exceptionally mature guys for their age , " former teen prodigy Matteo Manassero told CNN of the young players coming through the ranks . "  They are extremely powerful guys that can perform extremely well . They have the confidence and the freedom of being young to perform against their idols . " Manassero , now a seasoned tour pro at the age of just 21 , speaks from experience . The Italian was the most successful teenager in European Tour history and remains the youngest player to win one of its events . At the age of 17 years and 188 days -- before he had even learned how to drive a car -- he triumphed at the 2010 Castello Masters , and has since backed that up with three more European Tour wins , including the flagship BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth in 2013 . Before Tianlang , Manassero was the youngest player to make the cut at the Masters , aged 16 in 2010 -- his 36th-place finish at Augusta ranked as the best performance by a European amateur for 73 years . "  I can certainly speak for Tianglang and he was extremely mature , " Manassero said . "  You can just see the way he was at Augusta . Aged 14 and he knew what he wanted to do , he knew where he wanted to hit it , he knew how far ... at 14 that 's certainly exceptional . " Lexi Thompson , Ye Wocheng , Andy Zhang , Ryo Ishikawa and Lydia Ko are just a few of golf 's child prodigies . Each of the quintet made their own piece of history while still on the amateur circuit -- something Manassero views as essential in the process of fast-tracking youngsters to global golfing fame . "  I think amateur golf is one important key aspect of this and I am sure that young guys 15 years ago , they were totally able even at 17 to play with the pros , but they just probably did n't really know that they could , " he says . After becoming the youngest winner of the British Amateur Championship in 2009 , Manassero went on to place 13th at that year 's British Open Championship , earning himself the Silver Medal for the leading non-pro in the process . "  Amateur golf , from my point of view , made me believe that I could compete at any level because it was really , really competitive , " he says . "  You know , we were winning tournaments and seeing golf courses in which they also played European tournaments . "  The standard is really , really high , it is very competitive . I was playing all over Europe , I was playing in America too when I was 15 , 16 as an amateur , so it was really almost like being a professional . The only difference was school . " Manassero turned professional in May 2010 -- two weeks after his 17th birthday -- to become the second youngest member in European Tour history after Seve Ballesteros . He had to wait just five months before his first win on the tour , and he credits the likes of Rory McIlroy , who also made a successful transition upon turning professional , with helping him to that maiden triumph in Spain . "  You get a lot of confidence from playing with great players , with tough opponents . Once I turned pro and I started doing well , I saw Rory a little before me , a few years before me , " he says . "  It inspires you and gives you confidence and makes you think that you can do it too . Professional golf is really tough , but once you 're in it you can do it even if you are young . " In golfing terms , Manassero is still a baby with a long career lying ahead of him . And despite his recent frustrations , including a 118th-place finish in his PGA Championship title defense -- won by McIlroy in May -- his enthusiasm for the sport remains the same as when he was teeing up at Augusta for the first time with the eyes of the world upon him . "  It 's not been a fantastic period lately but I am still enjoying it , the days that I go out and shoot a big score , I am having a lot of fun , " Manassero says . "  In general , when I am at a tournament that is the place I want to be . I would n't want to be anywhere else . Until I 'm going to feel different , it 's going to be fine , it 's going to be great . "	Matteo Manassero is encouraged by the number of young golfers coming through Manassero is the youngest player ever to win an event on the European Tour The Italian is targeting his first win since the European PGA Championship triumph in 2013
Adam Lanza stayed at home mostly , a witness said , playing video games such as "  Call of Duty . " But on December 14 , 2012 , he went out -- armed with 10 30-round magazines for his semiautomatic Bushmaster .223 caliber model XM15 rifle and bullets for his two handguns and a shotgun . Lanza did n't make it home alive . Nor did the 26 people -- 20 of them schoolchildren ages 6 and 7 -- he shot dead in less than five minutes , firing one bullet roughly every two seconds he was at Sandy Hook Elementary School . These were among the details spelled out Thursday in five search warrants and other material tied to the grisly shooting at the Newtown , Connecticut , school , as well as in a statement from a local top prosecutor . Together , the newly released documents help paint a clearer picture of what happened . What they do n't explain is why Lanza did it . Read the documents The quest for answers , including the one about motive , continues . State 's Attorney Stephen J. Sedensky III of the judicial district of Danbury , which includes Newtown , stressed in his statement Thursday : "  This is an active , ongoing investigation . No conclusions have been reached , and no final determinations have been made . " At the same time , he acknowledged that the public -- including those intent on preventing other such massacres -- has an understandable , sincere desire to have information now . That 's the mindset of Tim Makris , co-founder of Sandy Hook Promise , which supports "  common sense solutions that make ... our country safer . " Even with its limited scope , he called Thursday 's document release a step forward . "  The information revealed today underscores the need to turn this tragedy into transformation , " Makris said . Fresh insights into Lanza , his home Although the new documents do n't provide a motive , they offer fresh glimpses into the life of 20-year-old Adam Lanza , in part by revealing what was inside the Newtown home he shared with his mother , Nancy . One person , whose name was redacted in a search warrant , described Adam Lanza as a shut-in who rarely left home and played military-style video games . That house included a gun locker that investigators found open and without signs of a break-in , Sedensky said . All the guns tied to Adam Lanza appeared to have been purchased by his mother , he added . Police also found more than 1,600 rounds of unspent ammunition inside the home , according to the documents . Gov. Dannel Malloy pointed out Thursday the mass killer left lower-capacity magazines behind , a fact that , he said , speaks to the need to significantly restrict the number of bullets that can be in each magazine . He also said assault weapons should be banned . The Newtown house also had three Samurai swords and several books -- one titled "  NRA Guide to the Basics of Pistol Shooting , " another about Asperger 's syndrome and a third on autism -- the newly released documents show . Connecticut 's chief medical examiner has said he had been told that Lanza had Asperger 's syndrome . Research has not shown a link between violence and that condition , a high-functioning form of autism marked by social awkwardness . Opinion : Did we learn nothing from Newtown ? Investigators also found a 2008 New York Times article about a shooting at Northern Illinois University that left six dead , including the gunman . They also took three photographs "  of what appears to be a deceased human covered with plastic and what appears to be blood , " a receipt for a shooting range in Oklahoma and National Rifle Association certificates for Nancy and Adam Lanza . The NRA , a gun rights advocacy group , has issued a statement saying neither Lanza nor his mother were members . Retracing what happened December 14 The carnage began in that house . Before embarking on his rampage at Sandy Hook , Adam Lanza killed his 52-year-old mother by shooting her in the forehead as she lay in bed , a search warrant states . "  There was no indication of a struggle " between mother and son , Sedensky said . Timeline of Sandy Hook shooting From there , he drove to the elementary school -- leaving a 12-gauge shotgun in the car , police would discover -- and shot through the front entrance . The information detailed Thursday dispelled some earlier reports on what happened , Sedensky noted . Lanza was n't wearing a bulletproof vest , for one . And besides the hallway , he fatally shot students and teachers in two classrooms , not three . When police found Lanza 's body -- killed by a single , self-inflicted shot from a Glock 10 mm handgun -- they also discovered that the Bushmaster rifle was loaded with 14 bullets in its 30-round capacity magazine , plus one round in a chamber . This was one of 10 of this firearm 's 30-round capacity magazines at the scene , Sedensky explained . More ammunition for the Glock and a Sig Sauer P226 9 mm handgun was also found . Three such magazines still contained 30 rounds . There were six more magazines nearby -- three of them were empty , while the others had 10 , 11 or 13 live rounds in them . "  One-hundred-and-fifty-four spent .223 casings were recovered from the scene , " the state 's attorney wrote , indicating that Lanza had fired at least that many bullets from what Connecticut authorities had described as an "  assault-type rifle . " A lot of bullets fired in not a lot of time . Sedensky said , "  It is currently estimated that the time from when the shooter shot his way into the school until he took his own life was less than five minutes . " Gun control push continues despite dwindling support The full investigation into the Sandy Hook shooting , Sedensky said , likely will be completed this summer . After that happens , the state 's attorney said he will write a report evaluating the crimes committed and whether or not anyone will be prosecuted as a result . Until then , the debate over gun control stoked by the Sandy Hook massacre continues in earnest . Obama : ` Shame on us ' if Newtown does n't bring new gun laws Recent polling shows public support for gun restrictions has declined since the shooting . Shortly after it , 52 % of Americans favored major restrictions on guns , according to a CNN/ORC International poll . That number has dwindled to 43 % , a version of the same poll conducted between March 15 and 17 found . No legislation on the matter has passed yet in Washington , though gun control advocates are pushing . Mayors Against Illegal Guns on Thursday released its first television ad featuring relatives of Newtown victims urging politicians to pass tougher gun laws . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , the group 's co-founder , said in a statement : "  We can not afford to wait for another tragedy . It 's long past time for elected officials to listen to their constituents and pass reforms like comprehensive background checks that we know will save lives . " Newtown families featured in first political ad President Barack Obama voiced a similar sentiment in remarks Thursday as part of a "  national day of action " to galvanize supporters pushing for tougher gun laws . "  This is our best chance in more than a decade to take common sense steps that will save lives , " he said at a White House event . "  If there is a step we can take that will save just one child , just one parent , just another town from experiencing the same grief that some of the moms and dads who are here have endured , then we should be doing it . We have an obligation to try . "	Adam Lanza fired roughly one bullet every two seconds , a local prosecutor says He brought 10 30-round capacity magazines for a semiautomatic rifle into the school More than 1,600 rounds of ammunition were found in the house where he killed his mother Lanza fatally shot 20 children and six teachers at a Connecticut school before killing himself
CNN  -- Maybe the American South is more complicated than anyone realizes . We seem to exist down here in a kind of a moral and physical duality . The land gives up bountiful crops while it also grows vigorous weeds . There is no other valid explanation for the actions of either Paula Deen or the U.S. Supreme Court . Deen , a televangelist of butter , let slip in a court deposition that she had used a degrading racial term to describe African-Americans . Imagine the surprise of almost no one in Dixie . Deen came of age in a country that was just beginning to institute the equality it had been bragging about for almost two centuries . If her childhood was like most Southern baby boomers , she was raised on the lexicon of discrimination , and probably used it . Un-ringing such a bell is not simple . Passage of the Civil Rights Act in 1964 meant that people who had been taught that it was socially acceptable to use terms like the N-word in public suddenly found themselves struggling with restraint on their language . Unable to exorcise the term from their vocabulary fully , they took it into private quarters and used it among friends who had similar experiences and sentiments . It is grossly foolish , though , to dismiss Deen 's stumble as a minor ineptitude with speech . In certain cultural circles in America , racism abides . And sometimes it simply forgets to close the door . In tearful interview , Deen slams ` horrible lies ' Apologists racing to Deen 's side are equally awkward in their articulations of defense . Author Anne Rice fretted about our "  lynch mob " culture crucifying Deen , seemingly oblivious to the racial freight hauled around when using such a phrase to defend a privileged , Southern white person . Less than 100 years ago a 17-year-old black farmhand named Jesse Washington was lynched on the courthouse lawn in Waco , Texas , chained to a tree and burned alive . Parts of his body were sold as souvenirs to a cheering crowd of 10,000 . He had admitted to a murder many historians doubt he committed . How hard is it to understand that any ethnic person whose race has a history of being so victimized in a nation that espouses equality is likely to have a justified sensitivity to the bumblings of Deen , who had also expressed an offhanded interest in a "  plantation-style " wedding dinner where the waiters were black males ? Eatocracy : Paula Deen and Southern food : Critics say credit is past due Deen might have argued that her attitudes were forever altered when a black man robbed a bank where she worked in 1986 and held a gun to her head . But sympathy is a tough emotion to conjure when reading her 2012 interview with The New York Times where she speaks of slavery as a familial relationship , not an injustice , and says , "  F  or that reason we did n't see ourselves as prejudiced . " She also used the same forum to suggest that the freeing of her grandfather 's 30 slaves was the cause of his suicide . Consequently , it is disturbingly wrongheaded for comedian Bill Maher to argue that what she said is "  just a word . " Words are powerful things . Words have changed the world . Regardless , it is still a bit awkward labeling Deen a racist when she had Pat and Gina Neely on her program so frequently that the African-American barbecue chefs became stars of their own cooking show . It is probably a gross oversimplification to suggest Deen did n't know any better because she lives in two parallel and contradictory environments . No such explanation is sufficient for the Supreme Court 's ruling on the Voting Rights Act , either . Deen 's sons : She 's no racist The court 's perceptions are as confounding as Deen 's . A conservative majority voted 5-4 that Congress used "  outdated facts " to force mostly Southern states to seek federal approval for voting rules changes that affect minorities . We can infer from the opinion 's language that the problem of racial discrimination in the former slaveholding states has been mostly resolved . Can we all share a "  hallelujah " ? Unlike Deen 's mishap , this news will generate surprise among minorities , particularly those living in Texas and Arizona . The high court had already ruled that the Texas Legislature drew congressional district lines in a manner "  designed " to discriminate against minority representation , which , not surprisingly , meant nothing to Gov. Rick Perry and his Republican , conservative legislature . They recently readopted the plan that had been ruled unconstitutional . The high court also has a kind of Southern duality that puts it at odds with its own rulings . A week before the Voting Rights Act decision , the justices struck down an Arizona law that required people to show proof of citizenship when registering to vote in federal elections . A judicial body that contradicts itself one week after a progressive ruling is struggling as much with the law as it is with the reality of the culture where it is employed . In the South , people understand how Paula Deen and judges can be as wrong as they are right . Unfortunately , there is considerably more at stake in this discussion than the buttery delights of a Southern cooking show . Regardless of how much we debate and legislate ourselves toward equality , we have not yet arrived . America seems immobilized by its history ; we just ca n't stop staring at that tree on the courthouse lawn in Waco . And we wonder why we still have n't got this right . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James C. Moore .	James Moore : Complicated South gives us actions of Paula Deen , U.S. Supreme Court He says Deen 's apparent use of racist terms not surprising in region with racist roots He says her generation used them behind closed doors with other whites and many still do Moore : This duality in the way racism 's vestiges are perceived echoed in Supreme Court rulings
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Attackers in Pakistan have hit another convoy carrying fuel for NATO troops in Afghanistan , killing one person , authorities said . The attack , which occurred Monday , was the fourth attack in as many days on convoys carrying fuel to support the NATO forces . Gunmen fired on a convoy of oil tankers in the Kalat district of Pakistan 's western Balochistan province , said Bashir Ahmed , a police official in Kalat . One person died , police said . Attackers struck two convoys on Friday and a third on Sunday . The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for two of those attacks , a central spokesman for the militant group told CNN by telephone Monday . One of the attacks took place Friday against a convoy of NATO supplies near Shikarpur in the southern Sindh province . The other took place Sunday in the capital of Islamabad , killing three local guards . Azam Tariq , the Pakistani Taliban spokesman , said both the recent attacks on NATO supply efforts were carried out as revenge for drone strikes and NATO 's attacks in Pakistan . "  U.S. and NATO forces are killing innocent Pakistanis , which is unacceptable , and we will teach them a lesson by such attacks , " Tariq said . On Monday , Islamabad police said four people were arrested in connection with the Sunday attack , which also left eight drivers injured . A convoy was attacked in Baluchistan on Friday , killing a driver and his aide . The Taliban has not claimed responsibility for that attack . The convoys are operated by contracting Pakistani logistics firms , using local trucks and drivers . The Pakistani Taliban said a special squad has been appointed to hit U.S. interests in Pakistan , especially NATO supply efforts . "  The special squad is fully capable to cut off the route for NATO supplies by carrying attacks on the trucks , " Tariq said . "  I give final warning to the drivers and the owners of the trucks to stop working for NATO , otherwise our squad will make them exemplary , " Tariq said . Pakistan halted NATO supply convoys from entering Afghanistan Thursday after officials blamed cross-border NATO helicopter fire for the deaths of three Pakistani soldiers . The troops were killed when three NATO helicopters crossed from Afghanistan into Pakistani airspace early Thursday and attacked a military outpost , the government said . On Monday , NATO 's secretary general said an investigation has been launched into the incident . "  I expressed my regret for the incident last week in which Pakistani soldiers lost their lives , and my condolences to the families . Obviously , it was unintended . Obviously , we have to make sure we improve coordination between our militaries and our Pakistani partners , " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said he expects findings of a NATO probe into the Pakistan incident to be released Wednesday night . Morrell also said the U.S. military is hopeful that the closed supply route from Pakistan to Afghanistan will be opened "  as soon as possible , " but the closure has not affected the ability to supply NATO troops . "  We are making progress on that front , " Morrell said at a news conference on Tuesday , in reference to talking to Pakistan 's government about reopening the Torkham gate . Morrell said that the fuel convoy attacks by the Taliban have affected about 1 percent of the supplies that move from Pakistan to Afghanistan . The route is most important for fuel transport but said even if the gate remained closed for a while , the ability to supply fuel to troops in Afghanistan would not be affected , he said . Journalists Nasir Habib , Nasir Dawar and Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	Attack on convoys carrying fuel for NATO troops was fourth in four days One person was killed in the attack Monday , police said The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for two earlier convoy attacks Pakistani Taliban : "  U.S. and NATO forces are killing innocent Pakistanis "
CNN  -- At least nine miners remain trapped in a South African gold mine after an underground fire , the Harmony Gold mining company said Wednesday . South African emergency workers rescued eight other miners and brought them to the surface at the Doornkop mine , west of Johannesburg . "  Rescue teams continue the search for the remaining nine miners who are still unaccounted for , " the company said in a prepared statement . "  The underground fire has been subdued , although conditions underground remain challenging . " It said the eight miners who were rescued were unharmed but would be kept under medical observation during the night as a precaution . The fire is reported to have broken out about 1,733 meters  5,700 feet  underground around 6 p.m. local time Tuesday . Harmony Gold spokesman James Duncan said seismic activity -- a magnitude-2 .4 tremor that caused rock to fall -- may have caused the fire . "  The rock fell , damaged a cable , which we think caused a spark which then ignited something and caused the fire , " he said . "  Obviously , this is all subject to inquiry . Our priority is finding the missing men . " All operations other than essential services at the mine have been suspended . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	NEW : Underground fire has been subdued , but conditions remain challenging , company says Eight other miners rescued earlier are unharmed Rescue operations continue at Doornkop mine , west of Johannesburg The fire is reported to have broken out more than a mile underground
CNN  -- At least 27 people were killed and 52 injured after an oil pipeline exploded Sunday morning in central Mexico , the state-run news agency said . The cause of the explosion in San Martin Texmelucan , in Puebla state , was under investigation , but preliminary reports pointed to the illegal extraction of oil from the pipe , said Laura Gurza , coordinator for civil protection in Puebla . The situation was under control , but the extent of the damage was still being assessed , Civil Protection Director Miguel Angel Martinez said . The pipe belongs to Pemex , the state-owned oil monopoly . Some 32 houses were lost in the blast , and 80 others were partially damaged , Martinez said . Video from the scene showed a huge billowing wall of smoke that reached into the sky . Rescue workers could be seen walking through the still-smoldering streets . Twelve of the people killed in the blast were children , the state news agency Notimex reported , citing Gurza . About 5,000 nearby residents were evacuated , officials said , and some 200 were in a government shelter . Oil theft has been a persistent problem for Pemex , and has been on the rise since President Felipe Calderon took office . A Washington Post investigation found that drug cartels were increasingly diversifying into other areas , including oil theft , to the tune of more than $ 1 billion in a two-year period . CNN en Espanol 's Krupskaia Alis and Rene Hernandez contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll rises to 27 and 52 people are injured The pipeline exploded in San Martin Texmelucan , Mexico Some 32 houses were destroyed Illegal extraction may have been the cause of the blast
CNN  -- House Speaker John Boehner is facing a huge moment in his career . Now that the Senate has passed the immigration bill , all eyes have turned to the House , where some right-wing members of the GOP are prepared to scuttle the bipartisan deal that has been carefully crafted in the upper chamber . According to Oklahoma Republican Tom Cole , "  We have a minority of the minority in the Senate voting for this bill . That 's not going to put a lot of pressure on the majority of the majority in the House . " This is a test for Boehner , a massive opportunity for him to rebuild a languishing speakership . At this point , the verdict of history probably would not be very kind to him . Boehner has struggled to move legislation through his chamber , as the recent embarrassing failure of the farm bill showed . His biggest victories have primarily been symbolic , like the legislation dealing with abortion that has no chance of passing the Senate . If his goal is to bring together the various factions of his party into common accord behind key legislation , he has repeatedly failed . How can Boehner have any success with immigration ? After watching the collapse of the deal with farm legislation , it seems difficult to fathom how he can stitch together a majority that will stay on board with this bill . When the bet is between failure and success , most Washington observers would bet on failure . Yet Boehner does have some tools at his disposal . Most importantly , he can work with external organizations to lobby House Republicans , namely , religious and business organizations . Both these groups have shown strong support for immigration reform and they have considerable clout in gerrymandered districts that President Obama can never reach . A large number of religious groups , including evangelical Christians , have called on Congress to pass the reform . Ralph Reed , one of the most influential members of the religious right in recent years and who is the chairman of the Faith and Freedom Coalition , said : "  As people of faith , this is not just an economic and security issue ; it is a moral issue . This bill , while not perfect , is an important starting point to reforming and modernizing U.S. immigration law so it reflects faith-based principles of compassion for the alien , the primacy of the family , respect for the rule of law , and protecting U.S. security and sovereignty . " This strategy has worked before . When Southern Democrats were filibustering the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , religious organizations helped the Johnson administration persuade Midwestern Republican senators to vote for cloture . Business groups , traditionally a driving force for immigration liberalization , can also help Boehner . Given their immense clout within the party as well as within specific districts , business groups should flex their financial muscle to pressure members into voting yes . Boehner needs to threaten House Republicans that he could work out a deal with Democrats and moderates in the party . Boehner has generally adopted a model of leadership in which he follows the lead of his caucus . If enough Republicans do n't agree with a path to citizenship and believe that passing this legislation will threaten their majority , then he should follow their demands . But another model of congressional leadership is to try to shape his caucus rather than having it shape him . As the Emory political scientist Randall Strahan detailed in his book , "  Leading Representatives , " there is a history of speakers , such as Henry Clay , Thomas Reed and Newt Gingrich , who have taken enormous risks to push their caucus in new directions . This is a strategy that could produce historic legislation . This is the path that Speaker Tip O'Neill took , to the chagrin of many liberals , when he worked with President Reagan 's administration to pass the tax cut of 1981 . Rather than standing in the way of the tax cut , O'Neill decided to sign on and demanded goodies for Democratic constituencies . House Democrats , who had little love for Reagan , had little choice but to join their speaker , knowing that they were going to lose . With the case of immigration , Boehner could enter into a dramatic bipartisan alliance that would leave him with much greater national clout . Even the threat of an alliance might be sufficient to move enough conservative House Republicans , who sense that defeat is inevitable and decide that they might as well win some credit for the victory . Finally , there is always the power of pork . When Lyndon Johnson , as Senate majority leader , had to craft a deal over the Civil Rights Act of 1957 , one of the tools he used to win over Western senators to vote in ways that were helpful to him was to convince Southerners to support a major water project in Arizona . Today , the tools of pork are not as voluminous . A stringent budget and limits on earmarks have taken away some of the tools that the leadership depends on . Yet there is still pork to go around . While tea party Republicans allegedly do n't like this , nothing could be further from the truth . In 2011 , an investigation by Newsweek found how , despite their rhetoric , tea party Republicans have made the same kind of demands for money in their districts as others . Virginia 's Eric Cantor , House majority leader , for instance , pressed for transportation funding in his home state even while deriding Congress for its spending habits . All these tools offer Boehner some path and muscle to make the impossible possible . If the immigration bill goes down to defeat in the House it would be a huge blow to those desperately seeking a path to citizenship , to the national standing of the GOP and to Boehner . His power as a legislative leader would totally vanish , and other than tea party Republicans , there would be little support for him . All speakers face historic turning points , and immigration is Boehner 's . The outcome of the debates will overshadow all the budget wars and everything that follows . Whether the speaker is up to meeting this challenge remains to be seen in the coming weeks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : All eyes have turned to the House to see if immigration bill will pass Zelizer : This is a massive opportunity for House Speaker John Boehner to make history He says Boehner has several tools to shore up support so the key legislation can pass Zelizer : All speakers face historic turning points , and immigration is Boehner 's
CNN  -- The deep financial mess at the U.S. Postal Service has revealed a deep fault line in America about whether we even need the postal system . This week we heard from the "  let 'em shut down , I do all my communicating online " group . And there are those who want to "  save the art of writing a letter by hand and mailing it . " We 're going to get beyond this divide , right here , right now , with a real-life love story that gets to its destination , as most love stories do , through a route that 's never been traveled before . The letter Our love story begins with a guy in a rush . "  Gim me a ticket for an aer-o-plane . Ai n't got time to take a fast train . Lonely days are gone . I 'm a-goin ' home . " Why is this guy in such a hurry ? "  My baby just-a wrote me a letter . " The letter . That 's why . His baby did n't send him an e-mail . She wrote him a letter . By hand . Put it in an envelope . Found a stamp buried in her drawer . Took it to a mailbox . Double checked , I 'm sure , to make sure it dropped in all the way . "  The Letter , " performed by The Box Tops , Joe Cocker and other artists , is one of the 500 most popular American songs . To get to the bottom of the story , I made a long distance phone call to Wayne Carson , the man who wrote "  The Letter . " The back story I asked Carson if he could imagine the guy in his song rushing to the airport -- paying full fare to get home to his baby , who seems to have sent him packing -- if she had sent an e-mail or a tweet . He says he never thought of it . He wrote the song in 1967 . Who was the guy , I asked . Was it you ? No . "  My dad was in show business for 50 years , " Carson tells me . "  He fancied himself as a songwriter . Never wrote a hit . He would get into the story . He did n't know when to quit . By the time he got the story told he had four or five pages . He did n't have a song . He had a short story . " Carson 's father handed him one of those "  short stories " called "  Her Last Letter " and told him to see if he could do something with it . There was one phrase in there that stuck in Carson 's mind that he 'd one day come back to . Halfway down the third page . The phrase was "  Ticket for an aer-o-plane . " And that 's the way aer-o-plane was spelled . One day , in his small kitchen , Carson swiveled his chair to his pump organ and just banged out the melody and the lyrics in one take . "  I just put the words together as they came to me . All because of that one word , aer-o-plane , that my dad wrote in the middle of that damn story . " Just a songwriter in the zone . The plot gets hot One more question for Carson . "  Do you have a favorite among all the songs you 've written ? " "  My favorite song , " he says , "  is always the last one I wrote . ... I do n't have a favorite kid or dog . I have a favorite wife . But then again she 's the last one I married . " Uh oh . I guess I have a couple more questions . How many times have you been married , Wayne ? Three , he tells me . His first wife died too young . His second marriage did n't work out . But this marriage ... "  What brought us together was songwriting . We wrote two songs together before we actually met in person . " They did not , if you 're wondering , send their lyrics back and forth through the mail . They had a friend in common , a Nashville guitarist , who was the intermediary . The messenger . And then , one night , after one of Carson 's shows , a woman comes up to him and says she has a song she 'd like him to look at . "  Oh no , " he said . "  Not another one . " And then she told him . Her name was Wyndi . Wyndi Harp . The woman he 'd been writing songs with . They kept in touch . "  One morning , " says Harp , "  he called me up and said , ` Would you like to do some writing today ? ' " They 'd ride around for hours in Carson 's blue-green Oldsmobile Silhouette minivan just writing songs . Any car can be romantic when you 're making music together . Harp comes up with some priceless titles . "  My Baby 's been Fiddlin ' With a Brand New Bow . " That was one of their first together . "  Free Me When You Go . " "  I 'm Not Really Talkin ' , It 's Just My Heart Thinkin ' Out Loud . " Carson and Harp have been married 14 years now . And writing songs together for longer than that . Delivery Now , the final , final question . Have Carson and Harp ever gone to a mailbox and sent each other a letter ? "  We 've never written each other a letter , " says Carson , "  because we 've never really been apart that long since we met . ... Two weeks was about as long as I could stand to be away from her . " There 's a song there . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Michael Schulder .	The romanticism of handwriting does n't translate to e-mails and tweets , Michael Schulder says "  The Letter , " a hit song , captures emotions of looking for a stamp , taking letter to mailbox , he says Wayne Carson , who wrote the song , met his wife through their shared love for songwriting
PEOPLE.com  -- For some people , owing $ 11 million in back taxes to the IRS and facing foreclosure may be no laughing matter , but Chris Tucker is not one of them . In a stand-up performance in Miami recently , the "  Rush Hour " star , 39 , cracked a few jokes about his financial struggles . "  That 's the last time I let Wesley Snipes help me out with my taxes , " Tucker quipped , according to the Miami New Times , referring to the actor whose failure to file returns landed him a three-year prison sentence . Tucker even used his interactions with bill collectors as fodder for his act . "  They calling you acting like you owe them the money personally ! " he said , according to the paper . "  I do n't owe you s -- ! This is between me and the company ! " Tucker is also quoted as making a crack about being so bad with money that he bought two houses next to each other and then had to ask neighbors to borrow a cup of sugar . See the full article at PEOPLE.com © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Rush Hour " star cracked a few jokes about his financial struggles Tucker even used his interactions with bill collectors as fodder Tucker is also quoted as making a crack about being so bad with money
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Accidents happen , said the Supreme Court , but the criminal penalties can still be tough , at least for one "  bungling bank robber . " The case involved Christopher Michael Dean , arrested after he and a partner robbed a bank five years ago . By a 7-2 vote , the justices ruled Wednesday that the sentencing for a felon who accidentally fired a gun during a crime should be the same as if he had fired intentionally . The case involved Christopher Michael Dean , arrested after he and a partner robbed a Rome , Georgia , bank five years ago . The masked Dean had waved a gun and ordered patrons and staff to get down . While grabbing bills in one hand , the gun he was carrying in his other hand went off . The bullet hit a partition , and no one was injured . After the shot , Dean cursed and immediately ran out of the bank . Witnesses later testified he seemed surprised the weapon had gone off . Dean was charged in federal court and admitted committing the robbery . His sentence included a mandatory 10-year prison term for "  discharging " a weapon during a crime . He appealed , saying the sentencing enhancement required proof that he intended to discharge the firearm , and his actions were accidental . But in his majority opinion , Chief Justice John Roberts said federal law "  does not require that the discharge be done knowingly or intentionally . " In what has become a regular feature of his writing , the 54-year-old chief justice displayed a sense of creativity and sly humor in his conclusions . He openly called Dean the "  bungling bank robber " and quoted one patron 's reaction to the bank gunshot : "  Melissa in the lobby popped up and said , ` Oh , my God , has he shot Nora ? ' " Nora turned out to be all right . Justice John Paul Stevens dissented in the case , noting , "  Accidents happen , but they seldom give rise to criminal liability . Indeed , if they cause no harm they seldom give rise to any liability . The court nevertheless holds that petitioner is subject to a mandatory additional sentence -- a species of criminal liability -- for an accident that caused no harm . " He was supported by Justice Stephen Breyer . Roberts , however , saved the best for last in his bench remarks , when summarizing the ruling . "  An individual who brings a loaded weapon to commit a crime runs the risk that the gun will discharge accidentally , " he said . "  Those criminals wishing to avoid the penalty for an inadvertent discharge can lock or unload the firearm , handle it with care during the underlying violent or drug trafficking crime , leave the gun at home , or -- best yet -- avoid committing the felony in the first place , " Roberts wrote That brought barely contained laughter in the audience of several hundred gathered in the courtroom .	Robber appealed 10-year sentence for discharging a gun in a bank Weapon went off accidentally , say attorneys for Christopher Michael Dean Chief Justice John Roberts called Dean ` the bunging bank robber ' Roberts : Best way to avoid sentence for gun discharge is to leave gun behind
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Paul Ryan , the 2012 Republican vice presidential nominee , regularly gets asked about his political ambitions , and he made one part of his future clear Thursday : In 10 years , he wo n't be in Congress . After already serving 16 years in Congress , the 44-year-old policy wonk told National Journal he wants to head the House 's top tax and entitlement committee , have an impact and then get out . "  I 've already been there 16 years . I do n't want to be a career guy . Even though I 've been there a long time , where you could already say that , " Ryan said in the National Journal profile published Thursday , adding "  It 's just , I do n't want to spend my adult life in Congress . " Instead Ryan says he wants to serve a six-year term as chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee and leave to pursue another career . "  I want to be an impactful member of Congress . I want to make a big difference . But then I want to leave and go do something else , " he said . Despite efforts to recruit him for a 2016 bid , Ryan does n't seem prepared to pursue a presidential campaign either , though he would n't rule out a bid altogether . "  The president thing , it does n't have to be me , " Ryan says with a shrug . "  I just want us to win . I just want to get these policies passed . " But he 's not excited about the current crop of likely GOP presidential contenders -- a field that includes New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz among others . Ryan said he would support another run by the man who picked him as his 2012 running mate , Mitt Romney , but Ryan said the former 2012 nominee "  has zero plans of doing that . " And he would also support a bid from former Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels , whom Ryan strongly lobbied to run in 2012 . "  But other than Mitt and Mitch , there 's not aâ $ " , " Ryan said , stopping himself . The reporter notes that he was about to say he 's not excited about the current crop . "  That 's why I stopped myself , " Ryan replied . That lack of excitement might be what is keeping Ryan from silencing 2016 speculators once and for all , though Ryan said he does n't see himself as a "  savior " in the way that some politicians with presidential ambitions view themselves . But Ryan does say he knows he "  could do the job . "	Rep. Paul Ryan spoke to National Journal about his political future Ryan was the 2012 Republican Vice Presidential candidate His favorites for 2016 include Mitt Romney and Mitch Daniels Ryan said he wants to leave Congress in the next 10 years
CNN  -- Your outing is destined to be second-class unless Bill Murray joins the festivities . Sure , it does n't happen to everybody , but when it does , expect good times from America 's favorite guest -- just ask some karaoke fans or kickball players . This time , it was a bachelor party in Charleston , South Carolina . Deadspin has the video and offers this background via one of the attendees : "  At one point during dinner at a steakhouse , one guy goes to the bathroom downstairs and sees Bill Murray sitting with some people with a fishing vest on , " said the partygoer , identified only as Stephen . "  We talked to the waiter to see if we could send him some drinks , to which Bill declined . "  One of my buddies then went down and asked if he 'd come up and say a few words for  the groom  EJ and got a ` No thanks . ' My buddy comes back up dejected and tells us it 's not going to happen . Two minutes later , Bill f *** ing Murray walks into the room and gives this speech . " Speaking to the 20 members of the bachelor party , Murray offered this advice on finding "  The One . " "  Take that person and travel around the world , " Murray said . "  Buy a plane ticket for the two of you to travel all around the world , and go to places that are hard to go to and hard to get out of . And if when you come back to JFK , when you land in JFK , and you 're still in love with that person , get married at the airport . " Murray was most recently seen in Wes Anderson 's film "  The Grand Budapest Hotel . "	The actor surprised some partygoers Bill Murray initially declined to stop by the bachelor party He then offered advice on finding "  The One "
CNN  -- What rules must a turkey sandwich follow in order to board an airplane ? With the six needles found in sandwiches on four international Delta Air Lines flights from the Netherlands to the United States , it 's a question already stressed travelers are starting to ask . Assuming you get any food on your flight these days , how do you know it 's safe to eat ? Each country is responsible for setting its own in-flight catering rules , says Perry Flint , a spokesman for the International Air Transport Association , an airline industry group . The United Nations ' International Civil Aviation Organization also has standards and guidance on catering security . The Transportation Security Administration declined to specify its catering rules "  so as to not violate the integrity of these measures , " TSA spokesman David Castelveter wrote in an e-mail . "  TSA conducts ongoing inspections to ensure airlines and contractors comply with these security requirements . " At foreign airports , the TSA 's role "  is as an evaluator of those programs . " Tainted food : A sticky situation for airline travelers None of the U.S. airlines contacted by CNN.com , including Delta , would comment on specifics of how food moves from manufacturing plants and commercial food kitchens to their airplanes . Nor would two of the largest airline catering companies , including Gate Gourmet , which supplied the turkey sandwiches under investigation . Gate Gourmet said it is "  cooperating fully with investigations by local and federal authorities and by our customer . As such , further details of this matter must remain confidential " and referred to its website for information on safety procedures . To learn more , CNN.com turned to Peter Jones , a professor with a specialty in airline catering at the University of Surrey 's School of Hospitality and Tourism Management in England . The following is a transcript of that interview , edited and condensed for clarity : CNN : What threats does a company screen for ? Peter Jones : Random sampling of food items is to test for pathogenic organisms to ensure against food poisoning . This is typically outsourced . Visual inspection of trays and trolleys is just for quality assurance purposes rather than to protect against threats . X-ray is designed to reveal weapons and bombs . CNN : Is every food item that goes on a plane screened ? Or do catering companies and government agencies do spot inspections ? Jones : Spot testing and inspection  are conducted  mostly by supervisors , rarely by outside agencies . Three things could be screened -- the items put on the tray ; the tray once it is laid up ; and the trolleys once they are full of trays . In most cases across the world , such screening is simply visual and random sampling . In some high-threat countries  for example , in the Middle East  trolleys are X-rayed  like luggage is  , but this is not commonplace . CNN : What is done when an apparently deliberate act of malice is discovered ? Jones : Such an isolated , one-off incident like this is extremely difficult to prevent . It could happen not just in a flight kitchen but in any food preparation operation , where a malicious person could tamper with food . In this instance , it is likely that the sandwiches would be labeled and coded so that it would be known when they were made , and possibly by whom . The most likely perpetrator is the employee who made the sandwiches , but this is not necessarily the case . The needles could have been inserted after the product was made and packaged -- during transportation to the plane . Close inspection of the packaging will reveal this  and the loaders will be known  . It is also possible that the needles were placed in the products used to make the sandwiches  the bread and filling  , further up the supply chain . This is less likely as the sandwich maker should have detected such tampering . Again close examination is likely to reveal if this were the case . Such analysis narrows down who might have done the tampering , and hence further steps can be taken to monitor the suspects and potentially prove their guilt . CNN : Will airlines or their caterers change any procedures as a result of this incident ? Jones : Neither the airline nor flight caterer will change their suppliers because of this one incident . Millions of airline meals get served every day and billions in a year . Hence the likelihood of this happening is the equivalent of winning the lottery or aliens landing in Nebraska . No system is completely risk-free and to suggest that this , or any other incident like it , can be completely eliminated is fantasy . You are probably 100 times more likely to die in a plane crash than eat contaminated food on a plane . CNN 's Mike Ahlers and Marnie Hunter contributed to this report .	Airlines and caterers have shared few details about food inspection on planes Airline catering usually spot tested , expert says Expert : Isolated , one-off incidents such as recent Delta episode are difficult to prevent
CNN  -- The murder of a teacher has prompted a petition calling for Pakistan 's government to take a greater role in protecting girls and teachers attending school . Shahnaz Nazli was on her way to an all girls school where she taught in the village of Shahkas , in the country 's northwestern Khyber tribal district , when two men on a motorcycle pulled up and opened fire , government official Asmatullah Wazir told CNN . She was transported to hospital in the nearby town of Jamrud , but later died from the multiple gunshots to her body . Nazli 's husband and son , however , told CNN that the teacher died at the scene . "  I was standing next to my mother when they fired the first shot and she fell to the ground , " her son , Daniyal Ahmad said . The attackers shot Nazli again and told her son to run away . "  When I came back , my mother was struggling to breathe . She had five minutes of life in her , " he said . Nazli had been a teacher for 24 years and had never been threatened , said her husband , Ishtiaq Ahmad . However , due to escalating terrorism , the government had transferred Nazli and other teachers to Khyber . "  There was no security from the government , " he said . "  Not just for my wife , but for all the teachers . My wife was martyred while she was on duty . " Eighteen suspects have been arrested in an operation to find the culprits , said Wazir , the government official . He added that no one has taken responsibility for the attack . The Khyber Agency is one of seven semi autonomous tribal agencies in northwest Pakistan along the Afghan border . The area has been a hotbed of militant activity in recent years . The case has chilling similarities with the attempted murder last year of Malala Yousafzai , a teenage schoolgirl from Pakistan . The 14-year-old was riding home in a school van in the Swat Valley , a Taliban stronghold , when masked men stopped the vehicle . They demanded that the other girls identify Malala , and when they did , the men shot Malala in the head and neck . The gunmen also shot another girl , wounding her . Malala 's story , especially her recovery from appalling injuries against the odds , moved Pakistan to vow that it would more vigorously fight for girls ' rights and against the Taliban . She gained international attention three years before she was shot , as a campaigner for girls ' education in Pakistan . In 2009 , she wrote a blog published by the BBC about how she wanted to go to school but was afraid -- the Taliban had banned all girls from schools in the region . But on her blog , Malala praised her father , who was operating one of the few schools that would go on to defy that order . She started giving interviews with news outlets , including CNN . Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who serves as the United Nations Special Envoy for Global Education , has championed education issues in Pakistan , especially after the shooting of Malala . OPINION : Malala spurs school-for-all vow , now deliver , says Brown His office called Nazli a "  courageous teacher " who wanted "  to ensure girls have the right to go to school . " It appealed for Pakistan 's president and government to protect girls and teachers in schools . "  We call for all girls and all teachers to be protected and given security to enable them to enjoy their basic right to be educated , " read a statement on their online petition . CNN 's Madison Park contributed to this story .	NEW : Husband says government did not provide protection Shahnaz Nazli was on her way to an all girls school when gunmen struck Case has similarities with last year 's attempted murder of teen Malala Yousafzai Petition calls for protection for women and girls in Pakistan 's schools
Washington  CNN  -- An Ohio man was charged Tuesday with destruction of property stemming from a bizarre incident outside the White House that involved a driverless SUV . Joseph Clifford Reel , 32 , of Kettering , Ohio , appeared in federal court and will remain jailed pending a detention hearing on Thursday . According to a court affidavit , a driverless sports utility vehicle rammed a steel security bollard and a light post shortly after 3 a.m. on Sunday . Officers found a wood block had been attached to the accelerator . Secret Service officers spotted a man nearby on a bike who said he was watching the action . Officers told him to move along and he did . But the same man , later identified as Reel , allegedly jumped a fence at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building , which is next to the White House . President Barack Obama was in California while all this was going on . Reel was captured along with a can of paint . According to the court document , he told officers that he wanted to spray paint the "  Do n't Tread on Me " rattlesnake from an American Revolutionary era flag somewhere at the White House complex . A search of the Jeep turned up 100 rounds of .45 caliber ammunition , 100 rounds of .22 caliber ammunition . eight knives , and two machetes . No explosives or guns were found , authorities said .	Driverless SUV rammed steel security pipe and light pole outside White House Man jumped nearby fence , said he wanted to paint ` snake ' on grounds , records show Search of vehicle turned up ammunition but no weapons , authorities said Ohio man charged with destruction of property ; Obama not in DC at time of incident
CNN  -- Ingrid Betancourt has been reunited with her children for the first time in six years since her abduction by FARC rebels in Colombia . Ingrid Betancourt , center , with her daughter Melanie and son Lorenzo . Betancourt , 46 , who was rescued Wednesday in a daring operation by the Colombian Army , met with her daughter , Melanie Delloye , and son , Lorenzo Delloye-Betancourt , on the steps of a plane that had just arrived from France at a Colombian airport . The three tearfully clung together , hugging and kissing each other fervently before disappearing inside the plane . "  They look so different , but they look so much the same at the same time ; they are so beautiful , " Betancourt told reporters . "  The last time I saw my children , Lorenzo was very small ... I could lift him up , he looked like my nephew who is right here , " Betancourt said later , as she stood between her children , both now taller than she . There are "  many dreams I want to share with them ... I have so many things that I want to say to them , " she added . Her children , now adults , were accompanied on the plane by French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner . Betancourt , a dual French national who grew up in Paris , is a cause celebre across Europe , where scores of cities had adopted her since her abduction in February 2002 . She will travel to Paris Thursday night , said Colombian Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos . Her release dominated the pages and broadcasts of French newspapers , Web sites and television stations . French President Nicolas Sarkozy had made her rescue a priority and in a televised address after her release expressed his happiness and thanks to the Colombian government , while urging FARC members to "  stop this absurd combat , this fight . " "  There were a lot of deceptions , but they always believed and they always had confidence , " Sarkozy said . "  There is always a small glimmer of hope and today the joy is huge . All of France is happy to welcome back Ingrid Betancourt . " Watch Sarkozy thank the Colombian government " Dominique Paille , a leading political figure in France , told the newspaper Le Monde her release was "  extraordinary news " and a "  grand day " for France , humanitarian works , and the government . Segolene Royal , Sarkozy 's opponent in last year 's presidential election , said it was a joyous moment , particularly for Betancourt 's children . "  They have never lost hope . They have always believed the liberation of their mother was possible , " she told Le Monde . Watch Betancourt talk about her release " The French newspaper Liberation hailed Betancourt as a "  national symbol , " saying her long imprisonment had become a tragic example of the effects of the war between FARC and the Colombian government . Le Figaro praised the "  coup " of the Colombian Army 's bluff in freeing Betancourt and the 14 other hostages , saying it was also a personal victory for Sarkozy . Read more about the rescue operation French Justice Minister Rachida Dati told the newspaper the result was without precedent . Former French President Jacques Chirac told Le Figaro it was a "  true relief " for all of Betancourt 's family and those close to her .	NEW : Ingrid Betancourt reunited with her children for the first time in six years French President Nicolas Sarkozy leads celebrations with TV address Sarkozy calls on FARC to lay down their weapons and end "  absurd combat " Betancourt to visit France after meeting with children in Colombia
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The new school year in China began Monday with a horrifying attack . A man stabbed to death three children at a primary school in central China and then committed suicide by jumping off a building , state media reported . The attacker , identified by his surname Chen , broke into Dongfang Primary School in Hubei province around 10:20 a.m. , Xinhua news agency said , citing the local government . Wielding a knife , the man stabbed eight students and a teacher before he took his own life , the report said . Three of the students died , and the six other victims have been hospitalized , Xinhua reported . Two of the students are seriously hurt , it said . An initial investigation suggested that the attacker bore a grudge that his daughter was not allowed to attend the school after failing to complete a summer homework assignment , according to Xinhua . Monday was the first day back at school after the summer vacation for most students in China . The report said police are investigating the case . The attack happened in Yunxi county , in the administrative region of Shiyan city . A member of staff at the local education authority who answered a call from CNN said the only information available was in Xinhua 's report . Police in Shiyan did n't answer repeated phone calls . Xinhua said it was n't immediately clear how the man got into the school campus . China suffered a spate of knife and cleaver attacks targeting school children in 2010 . A number of measures were introduced at the time , including increased security at schools across the country and a regulation requiring people to register with their national ID cards when buying large knives . CNN 's Serena Dong contributed to this report .	A man stabs 8 children and a teacher at a primary school in Hubei province Three of the children die , the other victims are hospitalized The attacker then commits suicide by jumping off a building NEW : Initial investigation suggests man 's daughter was not allowed to attend class
CNN  -- At least 71 people were killed when a parked vehicle exploded at a bus station in the Nigerian capital , Abuja , on Monday morning , Nigerian officials said . Another 133 people were injured in the explosion on the outskirts of the city , national police spokesman Frank Mba said . The attack happened at about 6.45 a.m. , as the Nyanya Motor Park bus station was crowded with early morning commuters . One first responder at the scene told CNN "  bodies were scattered everywhere . " "  We 're still treating people with injuries and collecting data , " said Ishaya Isah Chonoko , zone coordinator at the National Emergency Management Agency in Abuja . Information about what caused the blast was n't immediately available . Charles Otegbade , the emergency management agency 's search and rescue chief , said the explosion came from a vehicle that was parked at the station . Interpol , which has offered its assistance to the team investigating the explosion , condemned what it called a "  senseless and cowardly terrorist attack . " "  This slaughter of innocent members of the public will have appalled citizens of all countries , " the organization 's Secretary General Ronald K. Noble said in a statement . "  Interpol condemns this mass murder in the strongest possible terms and we express our solidarity with the people of Nigeria at this difficult time . " No individual or organization has so far come forward to claim responsibility for the blast , but it is believed to bear the hallmarks of Boko Haram , an Islamist militant group that has waged a campaign of violence in Nigeria in recent years . Visiting the scene of the explosion , Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan spoke of overcoming the militants . "  The issue of Boko Haram is quite an ugly history within this period of our own development ... but we will get over it , " he said . " ... The issue of Boko Haram is temporary . " Nigeria 's Islamist insurgency has claimed more than 3,000 lives since it began in 2009 , according to Human Rights Watch . Boko Haram , which means "  Western education is sacrilege " in West Africa 's Hausa-Fulani language , is fighting for the imposition of stricter Sharia law across the country , and has launched a self-styled "  war on Christians " in Nigeria . The group is designated a "  terrorist organization " by the U.S. State Department ; U.N. refugee agencies estimate that more than 8,000 Nigerians have fled into neighboring Cameroon to escape escalating violence sparked by the militants , while another 5,000 have become internally displaced . Until now , Boko Haram 's focus has mainly been concentrated on areas of Nigeria 's northeast , where the group has launched bomb , gun and arson attacks on homes , schools , markets and even whole villages . But it is not the first time Abuja has been targeted ; in 2011 a Boko Haram suicide attack on the United Nations building in the city killed at least 25 people . Security forces in the capital are now said to be on alert after Monday 's blast in Abuja raised concerns the insurgency could be spreading further afield . The World Economic Forum is due to meet in Abuja at the beginning of May . Journalist Aminu Abubakar contributed to this report .	Scores killed , at least 124 injured in explosion , police say Blast happened at about 6:45 a.m. at bus station on outskirts of Abuja as commuters were on way to work Nigerian president Goodluck Jonathan visited blast site No one has claimed responsibility but attack bears hallmarks of Islamist militant group Boko Haram
Washington  CNN  -- To the list of instructions you hear at airport checkpoints , add this : "  Put your palms forward , please . " The Transportation Security Administration soon will begin randomly swabbing passengers ' hands at checkpoints and airport gates to test them for traces of explosives . Previously , screeners swabbed some carry-on luggage and other objects as they searched for the needle in the security haystack -- components of terrorist bombs in an endless stream of luggage . But after the Christmas Day attempted bombing of Northwest Flight 253 over Detroit , Michigan , the TSA began a program of swabbing passengers ' hands , which could be contaminated by explosive materials , experts say . The TSA will greatly expand the swabbing in the coming weeks , the agency said . "  The point is to make sure that the air environment is a safe environment , " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told CNN . "  We know that al Qaeda -LSB- and other -RSB- terrorists continue to think of aviation as a way to attack the United States . One way we keep it safe is by new technology -LSB- and -RSB- random use of different types of technology . " Security experts consulted by CNN said swabbing hands is a good move , and privacy advocates said they support the new swabbing protocols , provided the agency tests only for security-related objects and does not discriminate when it selects people to be tested . It 's a "  very good idea , " said security expert Tony Fainberg . TSA screeners currently swab luggage handles and parts of bags that are likely be contaminated by human hands , he said , and swabbing a person 's hands increases the chances of finding explosive materials . "  Looking at the hands means you will probably get a better dose , " he said . Under the new protocols , tests will be conducted at various locations -- including in checkpoint lines , during the screening process and at gates . Newer , more portable machines make it easier to conduct tests away from fixed locations such as the checkpoint . The TSA has more than 7,000 explosive trace detection  ETD  machines and has purchased 400 additional units with $ 16 million in federal stimulus money . The president 's fiscal 2011 budget calls for $ 60 million to purchase approximately 800 portable ETD machines . Napolitano said the tests will not significantly increase wait times at airport checkpoints . The American Civil Liberties Union has "  always supported explosive detection as a good form of security that does n't really invade privacy , " said Jay Stanley , an attorney and privacy expert with the organization . Stanley said the ACLU is chiefly concerned that the TSA does not discriminate when selecting people for enhanced screening -- something the agency said it does not do -- and that it treat people with dignity . "  We would not want to see it implemented in a discriminatory fashion , for example , in a disproportionate way against Muslims and Arabs or , for example , people with red hair or anything else . Security experts from across the spectrum will tell you that that 's not just unfair and unjust and not the American way , it 's also a terrible way to do security , " Stanley said . Swabbing also should not be used to test for nonsecurity-related contraband , such as drugs , he said . "  Under the Constitution , searches in airports are only for the purpose of protecting the security of airline transportation ; they are not general law enforcement stops . And so it would n't be permissible for the government to use these trace portal detectors to look for drugs , " Stanley said . The TSA said the machines test only for explosives . It declined to specify which explosives , citing security reasons . Because some legal substances -- such as fertilizers and heart medicines -- can result in "  false positives , " Stanley said the ACLU also wants to ensure that people who test positive be treated respectfully . "  It 's important that the government treat people who do show up as a positive -- fairly and with dignity -- and not parade them off in handcuffs and treat them as terrorists , but do rational things to investigate what the problem might be , " he said . But swabbing hands does not , by itself , raise civil liberty problems , Stanley said . "  There 's really not a big privacy interest at stake here , " he said . "  They are basically looking for particles of explosives , which is not something that people normally have . "	After Christmas Day attack , agency to begin random swabbings Previously , screeners swabbed some carry-on luggage and other objects Security experts call hand swabbing a good move Privacy advocates back tests , provided TSA tests only for security , does n't discriminate
New York  CNN  -- An SUV driver whose beating at the hands of a group of bikers was captured on video has filed a legal notice of his intent to sue the city of New York and off-duty police officers allegedly involved in the attack , the city 's legal department said Saturday . The man , Alexian Lien , alleges that the city was negligent in the hiring and training of its police officers and claims that it failed "  to respond to a known danger , " according to the documents . Lien was driving on a Manhattan highway with his wife and 2-year-old daughter on September 29 when his SUV was surrounded by bikers who tried to get him to stop , video taken at the scene showed . Lien drove away , but the bikers later caught up to him in traffic , according to police . Video showed a man later identified as Lien being dragged out of the vehicle by some of the bikers , who used their helmets to attack him and kicked his head and body as he lay on the ground . Lien suffered two black eyes and cuts on his face and side , requiring stitches , police said . Lien was attacked by an "  unruly mob of motorcycle riders , " according to the documents . His alleged attackers included police officers , prosecutors said . In the claim , Lien names two officers , including Wojceich Braszczok , who was charged with first-degree gang assault and first-degree assault -- both felonies -- and third-degree criminal mischief in connection with the assault . Calls to Braszczok 's attorney were not returned . Lien 's wife , Rosalyn Ng , and his daughter also appear as claimants . They are seeking more than $ 75,000 each in damages . Police said Lien was chased by the bikers after his vehicle bumped one during a bike rally . When his Range Rover was surrounded by several bikers , Lien called 911 , told police he feared for his life and drove off . The SUV ran over some of the bikers and critically injured one before being overtaken . Lien was treated and released from a hospital after the incident . He was not charged . Eleven people were indicted on assault and other charges for the attack . Court appearances are scheduled for late February . Calls to Lien 's attorney were not returned .	Alexian Lien was attacked September 29 on a Manhattan street Video showed Lien being dragged from his SUV and beaten Two New York City police officers are alleged to have taken part in the attack Legal notice says city was negligent in hiring and training cops
CNN  -- For one day a year , a desert outpost in the Persian Gulf becomes the center of the horse-racing universe . The Dubai World Cup is the richest horse race on the planet and features the world 's finest thoroughbreds . Hosted at the futuristic Meydan Racecourse every March , upwards of 60,000 people pack the stands , have a flutter and cheer on the action below . The venue is now set to feature at the heart of a much bigger project in the lead up to the World Expo which will take place in the emirate in 2020 . The plan is to build a high-end , mini-city around Meydan , stretching all the way to Dubai 's nearby financial district and the world 's tallest building , the Burj Khalifa . Stage one of this complex process has seen the racecourse transformed into a year-round destination . First came the grandstand , a statement construction over one kilometer long that opened in 2010 . The five-star Meydan Hotel was completed in the same year . Then followed an IMAX cinema , school , tennis center , school and golf course . "  In  2005 I came here ... there was no thought of Meydan or developments . It was just horse racing , " said former CEO of Dubai Racing Club , Frank Gabriel . "  All of a sudden within six months we were building a master plan of a race track and a city and the next thing you know we never stopped moving . " With each addition , Meydan 's purpose has extended beyond its equestrian origins . Stage two is by far the most ambitious element of the project and will feature the development of 1,500 villas over 16 million square meters  172 million sq ft  . The vast housing site -- named Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum City after the ruler of Dubai -- will include parks , lagoons , waterways , jogging tracks , beaches and woodlands . The development aims to take the thoroughbred lifestyle Meydan seeks to embody and recreate it on a massive scale . "  Horse racing and equestrian is the heart and soul of Meydan , " said Saeed Al Tayer , chairman of Meydan Group . "  That will always be in our pedigree . But developing a city ... it puts us on the global map . " Four to eight bedroom villas here will cost $ 6,200 per square meter  $ 579 per sq ft  , that 's more 40 % above the Dubai average according to real estate consultancy CBRE . The next race at Meydan , it seems , will be finding the well-to-do residents and investors willing to pay these higher rates for the luxury mini-city experience . See also : Can tiny emirate outshine Dubai ? See also : Building for future in Beirut See also : Billionaires wasteland	Meydan Racecourse in Dubai is being transformed in to a mini-city The site will feature man-made parks , lagoons , waterways , beaches and woodlands Villas are expected to cost 40 % more than the Dubai average
CNN  -- The officer involved in a New Year 's Day shooting that left a passenger dead in a crowded Oakland , California , subway station resigned Wednesday , a Bay Area Rapid Transit spokesman said . Oscar Grant , 22 , was killed January 1 in a shooting at a subway station in California 's Bay Area . BART spokesman Linton Johnson said in a statement that the officer 's attorney and his union representative submitted the resignation at a meeting Wednesday morning with BART police investigators . The resignation was effective immediately . In the statement , Johnson said the officer 's attorney had postponed a meeting with investigators Monday and on Tuesday asked for a delay until next week . That request was denied , and the Wednesday meeting was scheduled . The officer did not show , Johnson said . Shortly before the funeral for the passenger , 22-year-old Oscar Grant , on Wednesday , Johnson said Mehserle had been moved at least twice because of death threats to him and his family . The BART officer fatally shot Grant in the back after he and some friends were pulled from a train car following a report of an altercation , according to a BART statement . On Tuesday , attorney John Burris filed a $ 25 million claim with BART in which he identified the officer as Johannes Mehserle . Several local media outlets had already identified the officer . Burris alleges in the claim , "  Without so much as flinching the Officer Mehserle stood over Grant and mercilessly fired his weapon , mortally wounding Mr. Grant with a single gunshot wound to the back . " Watch the events preceding the shooting " Johnson said Mehserle 's attorney -- reportedly David E. Mastagni of Sacramento -- has advised him not to speak to investigators . Nor has Mehserle made any public statements . An attorney in Mastagni 's office , Christopher Miller , confirmed the resignation Wednesday , saying Mehserle had the support of the BART Police Officers ' Association . CNN affiliate KTVU-TV in Oakland obtained videos of the incident and its prelude . One video , which KTVU reported came from a train passenger who wished not to be identified , shows three young men against a wall in the Fruitvale station . Burris told CNN on Tuesday that the young men had been celebrating the new year at a popular waterfront tourist spot , The Embarcadero . They were heading home when police pulled them from the train car about 2 a.m. . Some of the young men were handcuffed , but not 22-year-old Oscar Grant . The video from the anonymous passenger shows Grant seated on the floor with his back against the wall . iReport.com : BART protests turn violent Grant holds up his hands , appearing to plead with police . Burris said Tuesday that Grant was asking police not to use a Taser . "  He said to them , ` Do n't Tase me ; I have a 4-year-old daughter , ' " Burris said . The interaction on the video is not audible . Seconds later , police put Grant face-down on the ground . Grant appears to struggle . One of the officers kneels on Grant as another officer stands , tugs at his gun , unholsters it and fires a shot into Grant 's back . Burris said the bullet went through Grant 's back and then ricocheted off the floor and through his lungs . Grant died seven hours later at a hospital , KTVU reported . In Wednesday 's statement about Mehserle 's resignation , BART General Manager Dorothy Dugger said that the "  shooting is a tragic event in every respect for all involved . " "  We recognize that the family and friends of Oscar Grant are in mourning , and we extend our condolences , " she said . Johnson has said Mehserle , who had been on the force two years , is devastated and is presumed innocent . He also says that the videos making the media rounds are inconclusive and that there is more to the story than what can be seen on the grainy images . There are two surveillance cameras at the Fruitvale station , but a BART official said Tuesday that no video is being released at this time . Burris called the shooting "  unconscionable " and said the $ 25 million claim alleges wrongful death and violation of civil rights by use of excessive force . Read the claim  PDF BART has 45 days to respond , he said . If the authority rejects the claim , he will file a civil lawsuit , said Burris , who served as Rodney King 's co-counsel in King 's civil case against the Los Angeles Police Department in the 1990s . Burris has spoken to witnesses who claim that Grant was trying to resolve the situation . "  He had been telling people to calm down . ` Be cool . Just do what they tell you to do , ' " the attorney said . Johnson told KTVU that authorities are trying to determine whether Mehserle accidentally drew his gun instead of his Taser . Burris said he is pushing Alameda County District Attorney Tom Orloff to press second-degree murder charges , or involuntary manslaughter charges if evidence suggests that Mehserle mistook his gun for a Taser , he said . "  No one wants to believe a cop would just kill somebody like that , " he said . "  My view is , this is criminal conduct , period . " Orloff said Wednesday that his investigation will focus primarily on what led to the shooting . Some homicides are lawful , he noted . In this case , Orloff said , "  the part that needs dissecting is what , if anything , can be determined about the mental state of the actor , " meaning the officer . There are many possibilities , he said : His office could find no basis for criminal charges ; the office could file involuntary manslaughter charges if Mehserle exercised gross negligence , voluntary manslaughter if Mehserle reasonably believed that he was acting in self-defense or murder if Mehserle acted with malice and forethought . "  Our function is to determine whether or not criminal charges should be filed against the officer , " he said . "  These things are usually an issue of weeks rather than days . " BART Police Chief Gary Gee released a statement this week expressing condolences for Grant 's family and saying the authority is cooperating with Orloff 's office . Gee added that BART will complete an "  unbiased and thorough investigation " and asked the public to be patient . "  As frustrating as it is , I want to stress that we can not and will not jeopardize this case by discussing details before the investigation is complete , " Gee said . Johnson told CNN on Wednesday that it could take weeks for BART to complete its investigation . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Augie Martin and Dan Simon contributed to this report .	Officer 's attorney , union representative submit officer 's letter of resignation Prosecutor : Office investigating "  mental state " of officer accused in killing Spokesman says Johannes Mehserle has been moved twice because of Video shows officer shoot Grant in back as another officer kneels on him
Jerusalem  CNN  The Lebanese militant group Hezbollah has said that it wants to de-escalate hostilities on the Israeli-Lebanon border , a day after fighting left two Israeli soldiers and a Spanish peacekeeper dead , Israel 's defense minister said Thursday . Hezbollah sent the message through intermediaries , Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon told Israel 's Army Radio . "  There are nonofficial channels between us and Lebanon to communicate through UNIFIL  United Nations peacekeepers in Lebanon  , and indeed a message like that was received from Lebanon , " Yaalon said . On Wednesday , Hezbollah fired five antitank missiles at Israeli military vehicles in the disputed Shebaa Farms area , killing an officer and a soldier , the Israeli military said . Sgt. Dor Chaim Nini was 20 ; Capt. Yochai Kalangel was 25 , Israel Defense Forces said . The attack took place near Shebaa Farms , also known as Har Dov , a disputed strip of land between Lebanon and Syria adjoining the Golan Heights , under Israeli control . Seven Israeli soldiers were injured , two of them moderately , the Israeli military said . Hezbollah claimed responsibility for the attack . Yaalon accused Iran and Hezbollah of planning an attack from Syria on the Golan area , which is under Israeli control . "  This reflects a general picture that Iran and Hezbollah are trying to heat up the region and Golan Heights area because it is easy for them to operate in . " He warned against such attacks , saying : "  The IDF is ready and we will not allow any terror parties to act against us . And the hosts behind those terror groups we will not allow to attack IDF or civilians . We must protect civilians both offensively and defensively . " The Spanish service member , Cpl. Francisco Javier Soria Toledo , was serving with UNIFIL , the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon . He was killed "  during the incidents that happened between Hezbollah and the Israeli military " Wednesday , the Spanish government said . UNIFIL said that its personnel "  observed six rockets launched toward Israel " Wednesday morning , and that the IDF "  returned artillery fire in the same general area . " It was unknown whether the peacekeeper , 36 , was killed by Israeli or Hezbollah fire . The Israeli military told CNN it is investigating . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Two Israeli soldiers killed , seven wounded in a Hezbollah missile attack Wednesday A Spanish service member with a U.N. peacekeeping forces also killed
CNN  -- Liberia 's president has declared a state of emergency after hordes of ravenous caterpillars infested the country . The African armyworm caterpillar is chewing its way through Liberia 's food crops . Tens of millions of the worm-like larvae have appeared in the northern part of the country , where they are destroying green crops like cabbage and collard greens and contaminating the water supply , Liberian Information Minister Laurance Bropleh told CNN Wednesday from the capital of Monrovia . "  I am not aware that they have been here before , ever , and certainly not in this great number , " Bropleh told CNN . "  That is why it was so overwhelming initially when we first discovered it . " The state of emergency covers the three northern Liberian counties of Bong , Lofa , and Gbarpolu , Liberian officials said . President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf told legislators Monday that 350,000 people in 62 communities in those three counties may have been affected . There are also indications the bugs have spread to neighboring Guinea , Sierra Leone and Ivory Coast , Bropleh said . "  This is indeed a crisis , " the president said Monday . Johnson Sirleaf said she appointed a task force , including members of the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization  FAO  , to identify the species and commence spraying . Investigators suspect the caterpillars are African armyworms , the FAO said . The infestation is "  quite alarming , " said Winfred Hammond , the FAO representative in Liberia . Hammond said the caterpillars started showing up sometime during the week of January 12 but spread quickly . In just a week , he said , the caterpillars had spread to 50 villages . The pests multiply rapidly and adult moths are able to fly long distances at night , the FAO said . Worsening the situation , the area 's water supply has been contaminated by the huge volume of feces dropped by the caterpillars , the FAO said . "  The plague is being described as Liberia 's worst in 30 years , " the FAO said . "  The last African armyworm outbreak in the sub-region occurred in Ghana in 2006 . "	Liberia declares emergency after hordes of ravenous caterpillars infest country Tens of millions of the worm-like larvae have appeared in northern areas Up to 350,000 people in 62 communities may have been affected
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Quentin Tarantino 's new movie "  Inglourious Basterds " comes with a film inside the film , a Nazi propaganda movie promoting the glory of Germany 's Third Reich . Eli Roth and Brad Pitt star in "  Inglourious Basterds . " Roth also directed a short film within the film . Tarantino said he 's not worried people might be offended by the short film , which is being promoted by a trailer that is now a viral video on the Internet . "  You would have to have absolutely , positively no sense of humor at all not to get it , " Tarantino said . "  Stolz der Nation " -- which translates into English as "  Nation 's Pride " -- was produced true to the style of Joseph Goebbels , Adolf Hitler 's propaganda minister , but by Eli Roth , the director-actor who also plays one of Tarantino 's "  Basterds " known as the "  Bear Jew . " "  There was something that we enjoyed immensely about the idea of a Jew making a Nazi propaganda movie , " Tarantino said . Watch Tarantino talk about how "  Nation 's Pride " was made " Roth , well known for his R-rated horror flicks such as "  Hostel , " said while growing up as a Jewish boy in Boston , Massachusetts , he never dreamed he would make a Nazi propaganda film . "  After ` Hostel 2 , ' I thought ` God , what can I make that 's more offensive and upsetting than this film , ' but somehow I did it with ` Nation 's Pride , ' " Roth said . Roth viewed the black-and-white film as a character in "  Inglourious Basterds , " a World War II fairy tale about a squad of Jewish-American soldiers who infiltrate behind enemy lines to terrorize the German army . Their plot to assassinate Hitler focuses on a small Paris , France , theater where Germany 's leadership is gathered for the premiere of Goebbels ' movie . The black-and-white film glorifies a fictional war hero played by Daniel Bruhl "  and the glory of the swastika and the power of Germany , " Roth said . "  His courage was bound by duty . His legend was baptized in blood . His name will be crowned in glory , " the trailer 's narrator says as Pvt. Fredrick Zoller picks off dozens of American soldiers from a sniper 's nest . "  Being Jewish , I wanted to make it a real propaganda film , " Roth said . "  I was , like , I want to show what these movies are like . I do n't want to do a sanitized version . " Using just 20 extras and five stuntmen , Roth shot the five-and-a-half-minute film in three days in Gorlitz , Germany , the same town where "  The Reader " was filmed a year earlier , he said . "  The whole time we were shooting , we were , like , not only does this have to impress Quentin , this has got to impress the Fuhrer , " he said . "  Hitler has to see this and go ` This is your finest work . ' " "  The German crew were going ` God , normally , we ca n't do this . This is so illegal . ' And I was , like , ` this is what they did , ' " he said . "  This is what Joseph Goebbels would have done , and this has got to be honest and accurate . " While only parts of "  Nation 's Pride " are seen in "  Inglourious Basterds , " Roth said Tarantino will likely include the complete film as a bonus on the DVD . "  Inglourious Basterds , " starring Brad Pitt , opens across the United States on August 21 .	"  Inglourious Basterds " features Nazi propaganda film Film was made by Jewish director Eli Roth , who also stars in "  Basterds " "  Basterds , " the latest from Quentin Tarantino , opens August 21
Washington  CNN  -- Tuesday 's State of the Union address will be watched closely not only for what is said , but also for who will there in person to hear it -- especially the black-robed members of the U.S. Supreme Court . At least one member of the bench , Justice Samuel Alito , has publicly stated he will not attend after the dramatic criticism leveled at a court ruling by President Barack Obama . One or more justices have attended the annual speech to Congress and the nation in recent decades . Court members are not required by law to be there , but custom has dictated their appearance , mostly for show . They are a key , if low-key , part of the pageantry , and are compelled to sit politely and stoically amid the often high-spirited partisan rhetoric and response of the event . There is no word yet from the high court on who will attend . Invitations are sent to each chamber , and the justices have individual discretion as to whether to go . When they do , they wear their traditional judicial robes , are escorted into the House chamber as a group and take prominent seats up front , joined by other officers of the court such as the marshal and clerk . Justices Stephen Breyer and Anthony Kennedy have been regular attendees . Government sources say Justice Sonia Sotomayor , who joined the bench in 2009 , is expected to be there , and so is the court 's newest member , Justice Elena Kagan , on the job since August . Obama nominated both women . Democrats last year cheered the president when he dressed down high court conservatives in last January 's State of the Union address . Obama criticized the majority ruling in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , issued a week earlier , which removed legal barriers preventing corporations and unions from spending unlimited sums on federal elections . "  With all due deference to the separation of powers , " Obama said , "  the Supreme Court reversed a century of law to open the floodgates for special interests -- including foreign corporations -- to spend without limit in our elections . " Alito , sitting just feet away in the audience , shook his head and mouthed words interpreted as "  not true . " He had been a regular at previous addresses , but in October 2010 he told an audience in New York that he felt "  like the proverbial potted plant " at such occasions and would not be attending in the near future . The 60-year-old justice also , with a smile , noted that his colleagues "  who are more disciplined refrain from manifesting any emotion or opinion whatsoever . " Most of the intrigue over who will attend his year 's speech centers on Chief Justice John Roberts , who has labeled the political atmosphere at last year 's address "  very troubling . " Roberts , who turns 56 next Thursday , said last March that partisan rhetoric and gestures aimed at the court left him questioning whether his colleagues should continue to attend . "  It does cause me to think whether or not it makes sense for us to be there " he said . "  To the extent the State of the Union has degenerated into a political pep rally , I 'm not sure why we 're there . " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs responded quickly with an indirect attack on Roberts , saying "  the only thing troubling " was the Citizens United ruling itself . During the 2010 address , members of Congress sat just behind the justices , many applauding loudly when Obama made his remarks about the court 's election spending case . Sources close to Roberts have said he has grown increasingly "  frustrated " at what he views as the growing partisanship aimed at the federal courts , particularly the Supreme Court Both Obama and Vice President Joe Biden -- when they were senators -- voted against Roberts and Alito during court confirmation proceedings . Some justices have been regular no-shows at the State of the Union , including John Paul Stevens , who stepped down from the court last year . Roberts ' predecessor , Chief Justice William Rehnquist , also rarely appeared in person . Another more vocal no-go is Justice Antonin Scalia , who has compared the televised State of the Union to "  cheerleading sessions . " "  I do n't know at what point that happened , but it has happened , and now you go and sit there like bumps on a log while applause lines cause one half of the Congress to leap up while -LSB- another line -RSB- causes the other half to leap up , " he said last November . "  It is a juvenile spectacle . And I resent being called upon to give it dignity . " Scalia , a generally verbose and animated jurist , said bluntly : "  You just sit there , looking stupid . " Breyer , on the other hand , has crossed the street to attend every State of the Union but one since joining the court in 1994 . He missed President Bill Clinton 's last annual address in 2000 because of the flu . Many believe the justices have go to such events , that it 's just another unwanted chore of office . Not so , Breyer told CNN in 2005 . "  People attend if they wish to attend . I do wish to attend , so I go . "	President Obama condemned a Supreme Court ruling during last year 's speech In the wake of that speech , Justice Samuel Alito has said he wo n't attend this year Chief Justice John Roberts last year derided the "  pep rally " atmosphere Justice Stephen Breyer , however , said he enjoys attending and will again
CNN  -- Notorious serial killer Ted Bundy confessed to more than 30 murders before he was sent to Florida 's electric chair in 1989 , but experts have always believed there were more . Now , investigators across the country are hoping a vial of Bundy 's blood -- kept as part of a case record -- will prove or disprove his involvement in cold cases dating as far back as 1961 . Bundy 's blood , recovered from an evidence lab in Columbia County , Florida , will be entered into the FBI 's Combined DNA Index System  CODIS  on Friday . Investigators say it 's a major milestone in a decades-long search for evidence to complete the killer 's profile . A reopened 1961 cold case involving a missing 8-year-old girl in Tacoma , Washington , was the impetus for the completed DNA profile . The girl lived along a newspaper route that the then-teenager Bundy worked , according to published accounts . Washington state homicide detective Lindsey Wade said her department , which has long suspected a connection between Bundy and Ann Marie Burr , contacted the Florida Department of Law Enforcement in search of a profile that could provide the needed link . "  A profile will assist with whatever evidence you have , " said Keith Kameg , spokesman for the department . "  It does n't mean someone did it , but it does mean they were there . " Kameg 's department contacted law enforcement agencies across the state seeking any evidence that could be used to build a profile on Bundy . A vial of Bundy 's blood was recovered from the Columbia County Sheriff 's Office , and though blood samples degrade over time , Kameg said the department was able to build a profile from that sample . Bundy was put to death in January 1989 , convicted in two trials of three Florida murders . He had prolonged his life by confessing to other murders in other states and was suspected in many more killings . However , he adamantly denied having anything to do with the death of Ann Marie Burr . Criminal profiler Pat Brown of Washington , D.C. , who has written extensively about Bundy , said though Bundy appeared on numerous suspect lists , his killing spree was able to last for years because detectives thought he did n't fit the profile of a typical serial killer . At the height of his killing spree in the 1970s , Bundy would feign a broken arm or leg and ask young women for help -- luring the victims he would later murder . At the time of Bundy 's convictions , DNA typing was not widely used , but advances in the forensics field have revitalized efforts to link serial killers to unsolved crimes . "  The technology in the past 25 years went from archaic to phenomenal , " Kameg said . Though Bundy is long gone , Kameg said , his DNA profile could answer lingering questions for police and bring comfort to loved ones . CNN 's sister network truTV contributed to this report .	Forensic analysts are building a DNA profile of Ted Bundy Bundy , a convicted serial killer , died in Florida 's electric chair in 1989 Investigators are hoping the profile will connect Bundy to multiple cold cases
CNN  -- Fabio Capello 's England were held to a disappointing goalless draw by Algeria in their World Cup Group C clash in Cape Town on Friday night . Following the earlier 2-2 draw between Slovenia and the United States , it means all four teams can still qualify for the last 16 knockout stage . England will play group leaders Slovenia and the U.S. take on Algeria , whose confidence will be boosted after keeping Capello 's men at bay . The Italian showed his ruthless streak by dropping goalkeeper Robert Green , after his blunder cost England dear in a 1-1 draw with the U.S. in their group opener . His replacement David James was scarcely called into action after an early mis-punch which seemed to sum up a nervy England display . Chelsea midfielder Frank Lampard had their best chance in the first half but saw his effort from 10 meters out well saved by M'bohi Rais Ouheb , who had an excellent game in the Algeria goal . With England 's talisman Wayne Rooney again kept in check , they were only a shadow of the team which breezed through qualifying and entered the tournament as one of the favorites . Capello , who surely could have found better ways to celebrate his 64th birthday , was perplexed by his team 's display . "  This is not the team I recognize from training or from qualifying , " he told ITV Sport . "  We missed too many passes , lost too many balls . It was not a good game . We have to do better . "  We have another game to play . It 's our last chance to continue in the tournament . The players know what they have to do . " Earlier , the United States came back from two goals behind to draw 2-2 with Slovenia in a pulsating encounter in Johannesburg . First half goals from midfielder Valter Birsa and striker Zlatan Ljubijankic looked to be enough to guarantee Slovenia would reach the last 16 , but it proved only the signal for a courageous fight back by the U.S. LA Galaxy star Landon Donovan pulled the first goal back in the 48th minute as he smashed his shot into the roof of the net with ferocious power . The equalizer came with nine minutes remaining as Jozy Altidore headed down for Michael Bradley -- son of coach Bob Bradley -- to convert with an equally emphatic strike . The U.S. looked to have scored the winner when Maurice Edu prodded home a Donovan free kick from the right , but referee Koman Coulibaly had already blown for a foul to the dismay of the Americans . "  I am assuming it was a foul , it could n't have been an offside , we asked the referee many times , but he could n't explain it , " man of the match Donovan told AFP .	England held goalless draw Algeria in Group C clash in Cape Town England create few chances in their second draw in the World Cup finals Slovenia top the group after earlier 2-2 draw with the United States All four teams in the group can still qualify for the knockout stage
CNN  -- Ted Haggard , the former megachurch pastor and former National Association of Evangelicals chief whose career was undone by a gay prostitution and drugs scandal in 2006 , plans to start a new church . Standing in front of his barn , Haggard and his family announced Wednesday that they are starting a church in Colorado Springs , Colorado , called Saint James . The church , which will not be affiliated with any denomination , will have its first gathering Sunday at the Haggard home . "  All are welcome . Whether you 're a Democrat , a Republican , gay , straight , bi - -LSB- sexual -RSB- , tall , short , addict , recovering addict . ... I believe Jesus ' arms are open to all , " he said . In 2006 , Haggard acknowledged having received a massage from a Denver , Colorado , man who said that the prominent pastor had paid him for sex over three years . Haggard also admitted he had bought methamphetamine but said he threw it away . Those statements led the Board of Overseers at New Life Church to fire Haggard as senior pastor . The church 's independent investigative board said he was guilty of "  sexually immoral conduct . " After the allegations were made public , Haggard resigned as president of the influential National Association of Evangelicals , an umbrella group representing more than 45,000 churches with 30 million members . As part of his severance package with New Life Church , Haggard was barred from speaking publicly for a year . After that time elapsed , he made various media appearances , including starring in a documentary on HBO about his life . Sunday 's service will mark his first return to the ministry in a full-time capacity . "  This is an emotional morning for me , " he told reporters . Flanked by his wife Gayle and their children and grandchildren , he said the family members had prayed long and hard before deciding to start another church . "  While many believe I am not qualified , nor will I ever be because of what we 've been through , I may be qualified to help other people in need , " Haggard said . "  I do n't expect to have another megachurch . I 'll be so pleased if a handful of people join with us . Something is better than nothing , and helping one is better than helping none . " In response to a question , Haggard said he had no plans to perform gay marriages at the new church ; that the only marriages he will perform will be between a man and a woman . "  Those are the marriages we 'll do in our church , " he said . "  As for society , that 's a different story . " His wife said she backed the move . "  I was not willing to let the scandal be the last chapter in our lives , " Gayle Haggard told reporters . In a statement , New Life Church said it "  will always be grateful for the many years of dedicated leadership from Ted and Gayle Haggard and we wish their family only the best . "	Ted Haggard 's career as a pastor went south after a sex and drugs scandal in 2006 Haggard admitted to the sex allegations , but said he tossed the drugs He also stepped aside as pastor of the 14,000-member New Life Church First service to be Sunday at his house ; "  I do n't expect to have another megachurch , " he says
Michael Skakel , the nephew of Robert and Ethel Kennedy , has been denied parole after serving 10 years in prison for bludgeoning Martha Moxley to death with a golf club outside her home in 1975 . The decision Wednesday morning marked Skakel 's first chance at parole since his conviction in Moxley 's killing , according to a spokesman for the Connecticut Department of Correction . The 15-year-old 's body was found after a night of partying with Skakel , his older brother Tommy and other teenagers in an affluent gated community in Greenwich , Connecticut . Robert F. Kennedy 's son in court Skakel , now 52 , was also 15 at the time of the murder . Twenty-seven years later , he was tried and convicted as an adult . Martha Moxley 's mother , Dorthy , said she wanted Skakel to serve at least 20 years . "  I 'd like him to stay in longer , if possible . Only 10 years of a 20-to-life sentence -- that does n't seem right to me , " she said . Skakel has maintained his innocence . In a letter to the parole board , John Moxley spoke of the toll his sister 's murder had taken on his family and asked that Skakel 's parole be denied . "  I believe that Michael Skakel is representative of the most dangerous aspect of our society in that he was raised in an environment in which he was exposed to and at some point embraced the mind-set that the rules of our general society did not then and do not now apply to him . " Skakel 's attorney , Hope Seeley , said in a statement , "  Michael 's conviction was a miscarriage of justice , but that aside , his further incarceration would also be a miscarriage of justice since he should have been sentenced as a juvenile with a maximum sentence of four years . " 2007 : Defense witness gives Skakel alibi She added that "  there has never been a person more deserving of parole than Michael Skakel . " "  His track record during the past 10 years shows the person we all know him to be -- caring , generous , and committed to his faith , family and friends , " Seeley said . His defense has submitted 65 letters to the board on Skakel 's behalf . Several describe him as a model prisoner and deeply religious , and said he has taken an interest in mural painting while in prison . A letter from Robert F. Kennedy Jr. calls Skakel "  kind , forgiving , and guided by God in all his actions and transactions . He is as incapable of violence or injuring another human being as any person I 've ever met . " 2002 : Shock , happiness greet Skakel verdict	He was convicted in 1975 beating death of 15-year-old girl Nephew of Robert and Ethel Kennedy has maintained his innocence He has served 10 years of a sentence of 20 years to life
EL PASO , Texas  CNN  -- Marina Diaz knows each day could be her last when she leaves for school each morning . Marina Diaz and Alejandro Caballero cross a U.S.-Mexico border checkpoint on the way to school each day . But that does n't stop her from making the trip from her home on the dusty outskirts of Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , a key battleground in Mexico 's drug wars , to El Paso , Texas , where she attends high school . From the moment she catches a bus to downtown Juarez , she is mindful of her surroundings . This is a city that saw 1,600 homicides last year . She warily watches the federal soldiers patrolling the streets . Diaz , 18 , finally relaxes after she clears customs at a border checkpoint and passes the "  Welcome to Texas ! " sign greeting pedestrians at the intersection of El Paso Street and 6th Avenue in downtown El Paso . From there , it 's another five minutes to the Lydia Patterson Institute . She is not the only student making the trip across the border each day . In fact , most of the students in the school do it : About 70 percent of the institute 's 459 students live in Juarez . Some are American citizens with Mexican parents ; others are Mexican citizens who carry a student visa to any one of three U.S.-Mexico border checkpoints in El Paso that serve tens of thousands of students , white-collar workers and day laborers each day . Students describe their lives and daily challenges " When she gets to the school each morning , Diaz changes out of her jogging pants and into her uniform skirt . "  Because of the people over there , I do n't feel comfortable with the men and stuff , so I wear pants , " she explains . "  You definitely see a difference here . The streets , they are more clean here than they are in Juarez , and I think the people respect you a little more . You do n't have to worry about people giving you trouble . " El Paso , population 734,000 , has long enjoyed the benefits of strong community ties with its industrial sister city of approximately 1.5 million . But the violence and insecurity created by the war between the Mexican government and the drug cartels has strained that relationship . For students at Lydia Patterson , who live in Juarez and cross the bridge each weekday , the small , United Methodist preparatory school has become a safe haven in the months since drug-related violence in Juarez has intensified . "  My school is a home for me because I have teachers and they treat me like parents , " says Hazel Barrera , 18 . "  Here , they take care of us and they make us feel comfortable and safe . " Lydia Patterson 's faculty and administrators -- many of whom are graduates of the school , and also reside in Juarez -- say the school 's mission is very much the same as it was when it was founded nearly 100 years ago as a sanctuary for Mexican families fleeing the violence of the Mexican Revolution . "  Our students are exceptional , and I always tell them I respect them and I admire their courage because they 're living through this horrible time , " says the school 's president , Socorro Brito de Anda . Watch de Anda talk about how cartel violence affects her school " "  There are some students who 've had some very horrifying experiences , and we have to be there for them , " she says . "  Make them feel safe is mainly what we want to do here , make them feel that there 's a place where they can go to school and concentrate on school without having to worry about their safety . " Despite the Spartan aesthetic of the school grounds , which occupies a city block in downtown El Paso , most students might agree that Lydia Patterson lives up to de Anda 's standards . Hazel Barrera and other Lydia Patterson students help clean the school to pay for their scholarships . By 7:30 a.m. , the cafeteria is buzzing with chatter in English and Spanish of students who come in early for free breakfast . In the open-air courtyard that divides a pair of red-brick , two-story buildings of classrooms , students sit alone and in groups , reading books and exchanging gossip . In between classes , they gather in the office of their beloved student activities coordinator , an alumnus who helps them study history and plan activities . After classes , students linger as long as they can before it gets dark , chatting in empty classrooms with bars and gates over the windows and doors . Many stay for team sports or clubs , others contribute to the school 's upkeep -- a stipulation of the scholarships that more than two-thirds receive . If a soccer game or yearbook meeting ends late , the school ensures that a teacher , coach or parent escorts the students over the bridge , oftentimes , all the way home . "  There are teachers who can take us home because they are close to us and they want to be sure that we come home safe , " Hazel says . "  I do n't feel like it 's two countries , I feel like it 's two homes . " Watch Hazel talk about her two homes " Since Mexican border towns became battlefields in the drug war , American towns like El Paso have become refuges for middle - and upper-class Mexicans . Many have moved their businesses stateside ; the El Paso real estate market is seeing an influx of Mexican nationals and green card-carriers from Juarez purchasing homes and relocating their families . Families that can not give up their lives in Juarez send their children to schools like Lydia Patterson , which has accepted 25 new students from Mexico since January . The instability in Juarez has sent ripple effects through the school . "  We 've had more inquiries from parents wanting to bring students to our school because of security , but on the other hand , they 're struggling financially because many have had to close their business in Juarez due to the violence , so they 're looking for a safe place for their children , " de Anda says . "  I 've had parents in my office crying and pleading for us to take their children . They say the part of the day that their children are in school is the only time they do n't fear for their safety , " she says . Ask any student walking through Lydia Patterson 's fluorescent-lit hallways how "  narcotrafico " related violence has affected him or her , and most relay some vignette about a relative or neighbor who was robbed at gunpoint , extorted with death threats or caught in the middle of gunfire . Diaz remembers the time she and some friends were walking to the mall when they spotted a crowd swarming around a body . "  They told us that it had happened just a few minutes before , and it was like , wow , if we were there only a few minutes earlier , maybe it could 've been us , " she says , smiling nervously at the thought . Many of the teens at Lydia Patterson appear trapped between two worlds : one in which society tells them they 're not safe , and another in which they feel such fears are exaggerated . The violence in Juarez has curtailed the social lives of Diaz and her friends , as their parents forbid them from going out after school or after dark on the weekends . "  It 's not that they do n't trust my friends or the things I do , but they 're seriously worried that I may be in the wrong place at the wrong time and that something might happen to me , " says Irvinn Ceja , 16 . Watch Irvinn describe how drug violence has changed his life " Ceja says he is concerned more for his parents ' safety than his own . "  I think that especially my dad , he 's the one who works , he 's a salesman , he works in the streets , he has to visit his clients , has to offer his products , so most of his time is on the streets driving and that 's a big cause of stress because anything might happen , " Ceja says . Parents view Lydia Patterson as a means of elevating their family above the instability of Juarez . "  What would have become of my children if they stayed in Ciudad Juarez ? Our lives changed the moment we were able to leave the danger , the fear of going out in the streets , " says Maria Isabel Munoz Bustamante , whose daughter graduated from Lydia Patterson five years ago , and has a son , Alejandro , enrolled in his senior year . "  We were nearly at the point of being another statistic in Ciudad Juarez , just a number . " The situation is Juarez also affects students who live in El Paso . Mari Brito says her father 's import business has taken a hit , and the family does n't visit relatives in Juarez as much anymore . Also gone are the days when Brito would cross freely between El Paso and Juarez to hang out with friends . Their contact is now limited to the school day and the Internet . "  We used to have all kinds of fun -LSB- in Juarez -RSB- and now we ca n't anymore because we do n't know if it 's safe , " says Brito , whose parents sent her to Lydia so she could get in touch with her Mexican roots . Like many El Pasoans , Brito sympathizes with the plight of her classmates and considers it a problem that extends to her community . "  I 've learned to be grateful that I have the opportunity to live in El Paso and to probably care a little more about my neighbor city , " she says . "  We 're all exposed to it because we know of it and we know the danger of it ... , so we 've all been through it . "	70 percent of Lydia Patterson Institute 's students commute from Mexico Students , parents say school provides sense of security in contrast to Juarez , Mexico Lydia Patterson Institute has admitted 25 new students from Mexico this year School founded as sanctuary for families fleeing Mexican Revolution
CNN  -- Spring breaks are starting up across the country , which means it 's the beginning of road trip season . In "  Travels with Charley : In Search of America , " one of literature 's most famous road trips , John Steinbeck wrote , "  We find after years of struggle that we do not take a trip ; a trip takes us . " In the spirit of Steinbeck 's philosophy on travel , we encourage you to take a road trip with no planning whatsoever , so that the journey can unfold without the interference of plans or expectation . Here are a few apps that you can download on your phone that will allow you to go on a trip at a moment 's notice , with nothing more than a bag of clothes , a full tank of gas and a healthy dose of wanderlust . Spotify No need to burn dozens of CDs or deliberate over the perfect iPod playlist . With Spotify , you have an infinite jukebox at your fingertips . Driving through the deserts of the Southwest , try "  The Good , The Bad and The Ugly " soundtrack . Cue up some Louis Armstrong on the way to Chicago . Let Sinatra pump you up for a weekend in Sin City . You can search as you go , make playlists beforehand , or snag other Spotify members ' playlists . In order to listen to Spotify on your iPhone , you have to pay a monthly fee . But remember , that means never buying or pirating an album again . Available on Apple products and Android . The app is free but the premium service costs $ 9.99 per month . Roadside America You can get your kitsch on Route 66 with the aid of this app . After all , it 's not a road trip without at least one detour to a bizarre roadside attraction . Make sure you do n't miss out on a slice of Americana pie by mapping out all the offbeat tourists traps on your route . Let 's face it , you 'd be devastated if you discovered you had passed right by the world 's largest ball of twine , the world 's largest garden gnome or the world 's largest shoe house . Available on Apple products . $ 2.99 for permanent access to one region , $ 1.99 for temporary access to one region , $ 5.99 for all regions . GasBuddy Today it would probably cost you between $ 300 and $ 600 to drive from Chicago to Los Angeles on Route 66 . You can shoot for the lower end of that range by using this app to seek out the cheapest gas once the fuel gauge needle starts getting cozy with the E. Available free on Apple products and Android . Audible Sometimes the best way to pass the time or enhance the experience is with a good audio book . And as much fun as it can be to comb the truck stop racks for the most ridiculous science fiction book on tape you can find , you 'd probably prefer to catch up on your reading list . Or perhaps a little travel writing will get you in the mood : "  Travels with Charley , " Jack Kerouac 's "  On the Road , " or Robert M. Pirsig 's "  Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance " are sure to hit the spot . Available for free on Apple products and Android . Most audiobooks cost between $ 20 and $ 30 unless you purchase an AudibleListener Gold Membership . License Plate Travel Game A part of the exhilaration of road trips is reliving the family vacation experience , minus the family  if possible  . Nothing takes you back to your childhood in the backseat quite like road games . The incessant punching of Slug Bug can lower morale , but you ca n't go wrong with the license plate game . With this app , you can play continuously throughout your trip , as the app logs all your finds and keeps score -- one point for plates already found and two for new plates . Available for $ 0.99 on Apple products and free on Android . Yelp You 're in a new city you know nothing about and you do n't know what to do next . Yelp can help with anything . Restaurants -- read reviews of the highest rated . Coffee shops -- which ones have Wi-Fi . Hotels -- which ones have never housed a serial killer . Car is spewing brake fluid -- which mechanics wo n't rip you off . Available free for Apple products and Android . Navigon Sure you 're fine with the Google maps app , but if you really want to step up your navigational game  and do n't mind coughing up 60 bucks  then you should download Navigon . Yes , it sounds like a "  Transformer " character and yes it has a couple features you 'll probably only use once , like the Reality Scanner , which uses augmented reality by superimposing points of interest over a live camera . Just as Navigon 's parent company , Garmin , produces some of the world 's best GPS devices , Navigon has created the ultimate travel app . With route planning , emergency assistance , speed assistance , lane choice assistance and the choice of 2-D or 3-D map display , this app has just about everything you 'll need when it comes to getting from point A to point B. Or plan B , if your free spirit kicks in to high gear and you decide to change travel plans . Available for $ 59.99 on Apple products and Android . App comes with several extra in-app options for purchase . iExit Interstate Exit Guide It never fails . You keep holding off for a Chick-fil-A until you 're so hungry you go for the next McDonald 's you see . Then the next exit leads directly to sandwiched hand-breaded chicken delight . But with iExit you can see exactly what awaits at the next exit , and the one after that , and the one after that . Do you have enough gas to wait until the next town ? Is there a bathroom coming up any time soon ? Need to buy a tent at Wal-Mart ? The iExit app will tell you exactly what lies ahead . Available for $ 1.99 on Apple products and free on Android . Trapster It 's not that we condone speeding , we just condone you knowing where speed traps and speed cameras are . So far , Trapster boasts a community of nearly 15 million users who have reported a total of more than 5.2 million speed traps across the world . Available free on Apple products and Android . Priceline Negotiator Gone are the days of scheduling hotel reservations weeks in advance or going from motel to motel , comparing prices and sanitary conditions . Now you can make hotel arrangements , find the best deals , negotiate , and compare and filter hotels , all on the way to that night 's destination . Thank you , William Shatner . Available free on Apple products and Android .	Get your kitsch on Route 66 with the aid of the Roadside America app Plan your fast-food fix with the iExit Interstate Exit Guide Use the License Plate Travel Game for a throwback to your youth
Rolling Stone  -- For me Ronnie 's passing is the end of an era . Ronnie Montrose gave me my first break as a songwriter , as a front man , as a recording artist and as a touring artist , and for that I will always be grateful . The first Montrose album was the first album I ever recorded and it still stands as one of the best recordings I have ever been a part of . I wrote songs with him , but it was his trip . He 's the guy that got me to sing with him . I had no experience whatsoever ; I just wrote the first four songs in my life , which were "  Bad Motor Scooter , " "  Make It Last , " "  One Thing on My Mind , " and "  I Do n't Want It , " played them for Ronnie upon first meeting , shook my hand , and said , "  Let 's start a band . " I went from zero to a hundred . I saw him at Winterland with the Edgar Winter Group , -LSB- touring in support of -RSB- They Only Come Out at Night , with "  Free Ride " and "  Frankenstein . " I did n't know who he was ; I did n't know anything about him . I had a soul band -- we were playing Tower of Power and James Brown -- and we sat there and watched Edgar Winter . I told my guitar player , "  I want you to be like that " -- like Ronnie Montrose . And he 's going , "  I do n't want to play that kind of music , " and I 'm going , "  Well , I do . " We got into it . It broke my band up , seeing Ronnie for the first time . I said , "  I 'm going to be like that guy . I 'm going to play guitar like that and I 'm going to sing like ... the way I sing . " I was talking to a guy a couple of days after the show , and he said , "  That 's Ronnie Montrose , and that was his last show . He lives in Sausalito . " I lived in San Francisco , and I said , "  Do you have his address ? " because I did n't even have a phone . He gave it to me , and I went and knocked on his door , dressed like David Bowie -- big old high heel platform shoes , satin pants , probably had make-up on , with a Les Paul and a notebook pad with all kinds of lyrics in it . I said , "  I 'm Sammy Hagar . I heard you 're looking for a singer . " He said , "  Come on in . You got any songs ? " I played him my four songs , we shook hands , and he said , "  Let 's start a band . Do you know any drummers ? I 've got a bass player , Bill Church . " I had a drummer , Denny Carmassi -- was n't in my band , but he was my favorite drummer around town . Within a month we were signed to Warner Bros. . Records , Ted Templeman producing , and the first Montrose album was born a month after that . It was the fastest thing I 've ever done in my life . Like I said , I went from zero to a hundred in the blink of an eye -- all because of Ronnie . He was a changeling . Ronnie never liked to stick with anything . We made one of the greatest hard rock/heavy metal albums of all time with that first Montrose album , and then he did n't want to do that anymore . "  Nah , nah , we 've got to have better songs , we 've got to change our image , that kind of music is out . " Boy , he was just laying it on us . Ronnie really liked to change -- immediately . We butted heads and I got thrown out of the band -LSB- after one more album , 1974 's Paper Money -RSB- , but I carried on with that "  first Ronnie Montrose " I saw . What I learned from Ronnie Montrose , I still utilize today when I step on a stage . I try to keep the energy up and the entertainment high . The first time Eddie Van Halen and I met , it was around 1977 . We were on a stadium show with Boston , Black Sabbath , myself , Van Halen . He came to my dressing room , and said , "  I 'm a Montrose freak , I love the band ! " And Ted Templeman told me , when he signed Van Halen , they were called something else , and he wanted to name them after the guitar player . He said on the first Van Halen record , he took the first Montrose record in there and said , "  Boom . We 're going to have eight great songs , they 're going to be this long , they 're going to be this tempo . " And pretty much patterned the whole thing after it -- right down to saying , "  Why do n't you guys get Sammy Hagar to sing in this band ? He 's been thrown out of Montrose . " That 's a true story ! Eddie had a totally new twist on the whole guitar style thing , but as far as the chording goes -- not his soloing as much as the chording -- yeah , he took some of that big open chord thing -LSB- from Montrose -RSB- . The big open A , the big open D , the big open E. Everything as open as you could make it , to make it as heavy as possible with one guitar . And that was pretty much Ronnie 's style , too . And of course the fire , too -- Van Halen came out with all that fire , which is Ronnie . Ronnie was full of fire , man . -LSB- I last spoke to Montrose -RSB- a couple of weeks ago , and about a week before that , and then four or five days before that . We were talking a lot , because we were planning a Montrose reunion for my birthday in Cabo this year . Montrose , the whole band , has not been there . Denny 's been there , Bill 's been there , Ronnie 's been there -- but -LSB- the whole band together -RSB- has never been there . I said to Ronnie , "  Come on , man . We 're all getting old . Let 's do this again while we can . " And he was in , we were all in . On my 65th , on October 13th , I was planning on coming out with Montrose , doing the whole first album , then going in with my other band , and then bringing Chickenfoot out . I was going to try to -LSB- cover -RSB- my whole four decades for the fans that night , without nobody knowing . And Ronnie was in . It 's crazy . I even played back on my message box , February 10th -- "  Hagar , Ronzo ... call me back ! " It was all good . It 's f *** ed up that those songs will never be played by those four members again . Songs can go forever , but we ca n't . -LSB- I would like Montrose to be remembered -RSB- as one of the pioneers of American heavy/hard rock . And certainly , one of the great hard rock guitar players . But he was more than that -- he was really versatile . But if you 're going to remember him for anything , put on that first Montrose record . The only positive I can grab onto is the fact that the music will live on . It 's a shame to lose Ronnie and I 'm so sorry for his loved ones . Rest in peace . As told to Greg Prato See the full article at RollingStone.com Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Sammy Hagar : Ronnie Montrose gave me my first break as a songwriter , as a front man Hagar : -LSB- I would like Montrose to be remembered -RSB- as one of the pioneers of American heavy/hard rock Haragr : But he was more than that -- he was really versatile
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Three Pakistani men linked to Faisal Shahzad , the 30-year-old Pakistani-American who has pleaded guilty to the botched Times Square terror attack , were arrested and have confessed before a judge , authorities said Wednesday . This was not the first time that Shoaib Mughal , Humbal Akhtar and Muahammed Shahid have been the targets of Pakistani police operations . The three were arrested in May in connection with the same plot , but they appear not to have been charged and were released . The three were arrested as they traveled in a car on the outskirts of Islamabad , police said . They appeared before a judge where they confessed , Islamabad Deputy Police Chief Bin Yamin said . A 23-page confession statement was submitted for each defendant , he said . Police also said they found Pakistani Taliban literature and maps of the parliament building and the houses of the president and prime minister . Police say Shahzad stayed with Mughal during a visit to Pakistan last year . The three confessed to having received training from the Pakistani Taliban and to having had contact with senior members of that organization , including Hakimullah Mehsud and Qari Hussain , police said . According to their confessions , they took Shahzad to northwest Pakistan to meet with the Taliban leadership and to take part in training at least four or five times , Yamin said . Police said the men had wired $ 13,500 to Shahzad from Pakistan to the United States , and that they also helped him in the preparation of explosive materials . Prosecutors will present their case in court in 15 days , Yamin said . The three "  preached jihad and had strong hatred against normal people , including Americans , " he said . Shahzad is accused of attempting to set off a vehicle bomb in Times Square on May 1 . The device failed to detonate . He was arrested two days later while trying to leave the country on a flight from New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport . Shahzad 's arrest heightened concerns about the Pakistani Taliban , who authorities believe directed the Times Square plot . U.S. intelligence officials fear that the Taliban are plotting to strike within the United States and are targeting American interests overseas .	Three Pakistanis were arrested in connection with helping the suspect in the Times Square plot The three confessed to their involvement , police say They took Faisal Shahzad to meet and train with Pakistani Taliban leaders , police say They were arrested Tuesday
CNN  -- A 7-year-old Georgia girl fought off a man who 'd grabbed her in the aisle of a Walmart , with police eventually tracking down the suspect they accuse of attempted kidnapping . Georgeann Baxter told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell that she was in the Bremen store with her daughter , Brittney , on Wednesday . "  We were walking around the Walmart , and we felt safe , " the mother said , talking about how they were looking at Valentine 's Day cards and toys in the west Georgia store , about 45 miles west of Atlanta . When Baxter asked her daughter if she wanted to join her to get strawberries , the girl said that she wanted to stay in the toy aisle for a few more minutes . Soon thereafter , surveillance video from the Walmart -- later released by Bremen police -- shows a man approaching her . "  He came up to me and started a conversation , " Brittney recalled Thursday to HLN . "  After ... I said , ` I 'm going to get my Mommy . " The man is seen in the video picking up the young girl and starting to carry her away , as she flailed . Brittney said she responded as she 'd been taught by family , including her brother in the U.S. Army , and a school counselor in a lesson on how to respond if you 're touched inappropriately . "  Punch , kick and scream as hard as you can , and then tell somebody that you trust , " she said of what she did -- and what she 'd tell others to do , if they 're in the same situation . Eventually , the man put the girl down and fled the store . Police later caught and arrested Thomas Woods , whom they accuse of trying to kidnap Brittney . On Thursday , Woods , in his mid-20s , insisted to reporters -- including those from CNN affiliate WSB -- that he was innocent . "  I did n't bother nobody . I was never there , " he said . According to information from the Georgia Department of Corrections , Woods was released on parole last October after serving four and a half years of a 7-year term for voluntary manslaughter . Bremen Police Chief Keith Pesnell told HLN that he favored changing the rules , so that there were greater restrictions on people who are convicted of violent crimes -- to prevent incidents like the one that allegedly happened to Brittney . "  I think it 's time we have to look at things , for the safety of the children , " Pesnell said . "  Fortunately , things are in place to train our kids , and Brittney did exactly the right thing . " Speaking to HLN 's Vinnie Politan , Emily Altman -- a counselor at the Tallapoosa Primary School -- said that she 'd taught Brittney and other students as young as four years old some self-defense basics as part of a program called "  Good Touch , Bad Touch . " "  It 's never too early to say , you stay right with mom , or you yell and scream if somebody were to  grab you  , " Altman said of the program . However she learned what to do , young Brittney responded "  perfectly " to the alleged kidnapper , her counselor said . "  I could n't be prouder or her , " Altman said .	Video from a Georgia Walmart shows a man grabbing a young girl The girl says she punched , kicked and screamed before he let go Police later arrest a man they said tried to kidnap the 7-year-old girl The suspect says , "  I did n't bother nobody . I was never there "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Someone stole an "  incomplete and early version " of the next installment in the blockbuster "  X-Men " movie series and posted it on the Internet this week , according to the studio that owns the billion-dollar film franchise . Hugh Jackman stars in "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine . " An early version of the film was leaked to the Web . Twentieth Century Fox said the FBI was investigating who leaked "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine , " which is set for release in U.S. theaters May 1 . The digital file quickly spread across the Internet and was available for free , but illegal , downloading from hundreds of easily found Web sites . "  The source of the initial leak and any subsequent postings will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law ; the courts have handed down significant criminal sentences for such acts in the past , " the studio 's statement said . Watch how the leak might affect ticket sales " Removing the pirated files from the Internet may prove an impossible challenge , an industry source said . This source did not want to be named because of the sensitive nature of the matter . Although the studio said it was removed from the Web site that first hosted it , the digital file has probably been downloaded tens of thousands of times , the source said . "  It 's not removed from the Internet , " the industry source said . "  It 's still there . " Twentieth Century Fox downplayed the value of the pirated copy , noting that it was not the final version . "  It was without many effects , had missing and unedited scenes and temporary sound and music , " the studio said . Online movie reviewer Kent Lundblad said he was given a copy by a friend just hours after the rough "  Wolverine " first appeared on a Web site Tuesday afternoon . "  Even in this rough form , it 's much better than the last ` X-Men ' outing or anything Fox has given us in a long , long time , " Lundblad said in a review he wrote after watching it . He said the movie is a rough cut , using placeholder images in many sections and special effects that look like "  video games 12 years ago . " He said he suspects that the final movie will look much different than the pirated version , with scenes that were re-shot . Lundblad , a 25-year-old who describes himself as "  a total nerd , " said he will see the movie at its midnight premiere May 1 . He bought his ticket weeks ago online , he said . Steve Zeitchik , who covers the film industry for The Hollywood Reporter , said the studio 's biggest concern may be that having people view a rough cut "  completely throws the studios off their game " of building a positive buzz for the movie . "  If people see this movie , and they do n't like it , and they tell their friends , and their friends blog about it , and it just spreads throughout the blogosphere , there are a lot of people that do n't even get near a pirated copy of this film , who do n't go see -LSB- the movie in theaters -RSB- because of this leak , " Zeitchik said . Whether the leaked video will eventually hurt the film 's box office earnings "  is very difficult to discern , " according to CNN 's source . The latest "  X-Men " film stars Hugh Jackman as Wolverine . Investigators have several tools to help find the source of the leak , including digital watermarking , the studio said . "  We forensically mark our content so we can identify sources that make it available or download it , " the studio said . An FBI spokeswoman confirmed that the agency is "  working with the studio and investigating the alleged online compromise of the movie . " The Motion Picture Association of America , the film industry 's main trade association , confirmed it was also helping in the probe .	NEW : Online reviewer saw early "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine , " praises film FBI involved in investigation to see how "  Wolverine " leaked Latest film in "  X-Men " series had early version pirated , put on Web "  Wolverine , " starring Hugh Jackman , opens May 1
CNN  -- Chelsea returned to the top of the English Premier League on Saturday , but it gave manager Jose Mourinho little hope that his side can win the title . The Portuguese , who was triumphant in the first two seasons of his first spell at the London club , remains adamant that Manchester City still hold the advantage . Chelsea 's 3-0 win over Stoke put Mourinho 's team a point above Liverpool , who travel to West Ham on Sunday , with City another point back after a similarly comprehensive 4-1 victory against eighth-placed Southampton earlier Saturday . Manuel Pellegrini 's team , who have already won the English League Cup , have two games in hand on Chelsea . "  We have five matches to play in the Premier League and we have to try to win all five , " said Mourinho , who returned to Stamford Bridge last year after leaving Real Madrid . "  We do n't depend on ourselves and we never did . I was waiting for the moment where we could be top of the league and depend on ourselves and I was waiting for that moment to say , ` Yes , now , we are candidates because we depend on ourselves , ' but that never happened . "  With Liverpool we have to play against them , so we have one match we have three points to discuss with them -- with Manchester City we do not play so they have their destiny in their hands and the only thing we can do is to continue to win matches . " Egypt winger Mohammed Salah gave Chelsea the lead in his first start since signing in January , then won a penalty from which Frank Lampard followed up his own saved attempt to net his 250th career goal . Brazil midfielder Willian wrapped up the win with 18 minutes left . While Chelsea may still be involved in the Champions League , albeit nursing wounds after a 3-1 defeat away to Paris Saint-Germain in midweek , City 's focus remains on a second domestic title in three seasons . "  We are enjoying a very good second round of fixtures where the results are much better than the first half , " Pellegrini said after City moved six points clear of fourth-placed Arsenal . "  We 've had four wins and one draw in our last five games -- maybe we had low performances in the month of February and at the start of March but I think that now the team has come back to its best performances . " Manchester United moved up to sixth place with a 4-0 win at Newcastle , but Tottenham could reclaim that position from the defending champion by beating bottom club Sunderland on Monday . Former Chelsea star Juan Mata scored twice for United , who face Bayern Munich in the second leg of the Champions League quarterfinals on Wednesday , while Mexico striker Javier Hernandez and Adnan Januzaj also netted . It lifted more pressure off manager David Moyes , who rested several key players following his team 's 1-1 draw with European champions Bayern in the midweek home leg . "  The focus could only be on this game but you could see we 've left a few players at home and not played a few players , and we are hoping they will be fit for Wednesday night 's game at Bayern Munich , " he said . Fulham moved off the bottom of the table with a 2-1 win at Aston Villa , who were missing top scorer Christian Benteke due to an injury that rules the Belgium striker out of the World Cup . West Brom grabbed a crucial 1-0 win at Norwich that put both clubs level , five points above the relegation zone . Hull moved up to 12th with a 1-0 win over Swansea that left the Welsh team in a nervous position above the bottom five . Crystal Palace moved up to 14th with a 3-0 win at second-bottom Cardiff .	Jose Mourinho plays down Chelsea 's chances of winning English title Blues two points above third-placed Manchester City after Saturday 's win City have two games in hand following 4-1 win over Southampton Liverpool can return to top of table with win at West Ham on Sunday
CNN  -- The accelerating pace of the slaughter of elephants for their tusks has put African elephants at catastrophic risk in the coming decades . To make matters worse , some of the region 's most notorious armed groups are taking tusks to finance their atrocities . The Somali terrorists of al-Shabaab , the Sudanese government-supported janjaweed militia that has been responsible for much of the violence during the Darfur genocide , and the Lord 's Resistance Army , which has kidnapped hundreds of boys and girls across central Africa to be fighters and sex slaves , are participating in this illegal trade . These groups typically kill elephants using the automatic weapons that they also use to kill people . And as the militants become more involved in the poaching business , they apply the same lack of discrimination in killing elephants that they have demonstrated with their human victims . For example , poachers thought to be janjaweed from Sudan , working with Chadians , allegedly killed at least 86 elephants , including calves and 33 pregnant females , over the course of a week . The International Fund for Animal Welfare found that at least 400 elephants were slaughtered between January and March 2012 at the Bouba Ndjida National Park in Cameroon . Animal rights groups say poaching is worse than it 's been in decades . They say it may be even worse than it was in the 1980s , before the international ban on ivory was put in place . Watch : Fighting the Lord 's Resistance Army slaughter of elephants Typically , the elephants are killed only for their tusks . Poachers often hack off their trunks first and then their tusks with hacksaws and machetes , and leave the bodies to rot . Some Lord 's Resistance Army groups have reportedly eaten the meat of some of the elephants they have killed , which is not surprising given their frequent hand-to-mouth existence in the bush . This appalling reality presents an opportunity for conservation groups and anti-atrocity and human rights groups to join forces to combat the threat posed to people and elephants by these armed groups . Achim Steiner , U.N. undersecretary general and the U.N. Environment Program 's executive director , said , "  The surge in the killing of elephants in Africa and the illegal taking of other listed species globally threatens not only wildlife populations but the livelihoods of millions who depend on tourism for a living and the lives of those wardens and wildlife staff who are attempting to stem the illegal tide . " According to a report released in March 2013 by UNEP , 17,000 elephants in monitored reserves were killed in 2011 . The toll climbed in 2012 . The number of elephants killed for their tusks has exploded in recent years because of high prices from rising global demand for ivory , particularly in China and Thailand . The pace of killing outstrips wild elephants ' natural reproductive replacement rate . Armed groups take advantage of the increasing value of ivory to fund their atrocities . Their fighters have the training and weapons to kill large numbers of elephants and trade their tusks for arms , ammunition and food . The Enough Project and the Satellite Sentinel Project recently released a report focused on the LRA 's poaching of elephant tusks in the Democratic Republic of Congo 's Garamba National Park . The LRA , whose leader Joseph Kony is the subject of an arrest warrant from the International Criminal Court for war crimes and crimes against humanity , has for decades terrorized the people of central Africa . Other groups , such as al-Shabaab and the janjaweed , seem to have made similar calculations . Ivory poaching for profit by armed groups is not new . In the 1970s , according to University of London researcher Keith Sommerville , the South African military partly funded its support of white Rhodesian forces fighting African rebel groups through revenue from the killing of elephants in Rhodesia , which was then legal . Rebels in Angola and Mozambique , also supported by South Africa , took tusks and sold them through South Africa . Both poaching and armed groups such as the LRA arise from a vacuum of governance . Indeed , The New York Times correspondent Jeffrey Gettleman and others say that members of the armed forces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , South Sudan , Sudan and Uganda have participated in the illegal ivory trade as well . Only effective local , national , and transnational action can stop this horror . Anti-atrocity groups such as the Enough Project can advocate for actions to shut off the demand for ivory in Asia . Conservation groups could broaden their focus to include efforts to end wars that have created a symbiotic relationship between ivory poaching and civilian suffering . Both types of organizations should emphasize the longer-term requirement for effective governance to lessen the likelihood of war and ivory poaching . Joint and parallel action could tap activist organizations , increase the pressure on policymakers for action and broaden the knowledge about both of these problems among those who previously had focused on only one . The combined efforts of conservation and human rights groups could spur the efforts of governments and international organizations to slow the destruction of the African elephant and free the people of east and central Africa from the threat of Joseph Kony and his ilk . This could be the start of a beautiful friendship , one that could help stop the massacre of both humans and animals in Africa . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Quarterman .	Number of elephants killed for tusks is rising as demand for ivory soars , especially in Asia Mark Quarterman : Africa 's militant groups kill elephants for tusks to fund their atrocities Quarterman : Future grim as the pace of killing outstrips ability to replace deaths with births Human rights and conservation groups , he says , should combine efforts to stop suffering
CNN  -- The battle over same-sex civil unions in Colorado did not end when a legislative committee killed a measure to allow them Monday , leaders for both sides said Tuesday . "  We will keep fighting to equality and #civilunions , " State Rep. Mark Ferrandino , the leader of the minority Democrats , said in a Twitter posting after a committee voted 5-4 not to sent the bill to the house floor . Colorado House Speaker Frank McNulty , who assigned the bill to a committee where he knew the majority Republicans would opposed it , acknowledged Tuesday that the civil unions debate "  is not over for the year . " "  It 's pretty clear  the Democrats  are attempting to use this as an agenda item heading into the November elections , " McNulty told CNN in a phone interview . "  McNulty fights against equality & thwarts democratic process voters will remember , " Ferrandino , the bill 's sponsor , tweeted Tuesday . McNulty accused Gov. John Hickenlooper , a Democrat , of trying to divide Coloradans by calling the special session to consider the civil unions bill . The speaker sent the bill to the State Veterans and Military Affairs Committee , which Ferrandino called McNulty 's "  kill committee , " so the process would "  move as efficiently as possible " to allow legislators to "  refocus our efforts to put Coloradans back to work . " "  Colorado has an unemployment rate that is still far too high , " McNulty said . McNulty disputes Hickenlooper 's claim that the civil unions bill is not a same-sex marriage measure , which the Colorado state constitution prohibits . "  The bill itself makes the case for that , " he said . "  It really is creating the concept of same-sex marriage . " It would lead to a costly legal fight over its constitutionality , he said . "  There 's no doubt in my mind this would happen . " The civil unions bill cleared committees in the last days of the regular session , but was filibustered by Republicans in the final days , Hickenlooper said . He called this week 's special session to complete the work . "  They would n't let it come to the floor , and when it died , 30 other bills died . And these are important to our businesses , " the governor told CNN . McNulty said it was "  a last-minute , divisive attack on our traditional views on marriage for short-term political gain . " McNulty suggested there was a link between what is going on in Colorado and President Barack Obama 's announcement last week that he supports same-sex marriage . "  To me , it 's more than a simple coincidence that all of this is happening at the same time , " McNulty said . "  Bills die on the calendar every year and we do n't have a special session as a result of it . " A civil union is a legal status created by the state of Vermont in 2000 , and subsequently adopted by a number of other states , according to Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders , in a posting on its website . "  It provides legal protection to couples at the state law level , but omits federal protections as well as the dignity , clarity , security and power of the word ` marriage . ' " Obama said last week that he supports letting states decide the issue of same-sex marriage on their own , but added that he was "  disappointed " by last Tuesday 's vote on the issue in North Carolina , where a ban on same-sex marriage was added to the state constitution . Obama believes the amendment is discriminatory against gays and lesbians , a spokesman said Wednesday . Five U.S. states allow civil unions for same-sex couples , but not marriage . Six states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire and New York -- and the District of Columbia issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples , while 31 states have voted in favor of constitutional amendments that seek to define marriage as a heterosexual union . In February , Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire signed a bill that would legalize same-sex marriage beginning in June , but opponents there have pledged to block the bill and called for voters to decide the issue . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley signed into law a bill that permits the state 's same-sex couples to wed as of January 1 , and state residents may vote to affirm such a law . Minnesota will vote on a state constitutional amendment similar to the one in North Carolina , while Maine will have a referendum on allowing same-sex marriage . Meanwhile , two cases seeking to overturn laws forbidding the practice , one from California and another from Massachusetts , could be headed to the U.S. Supreme Court in coming months . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	A house committee vote kills the civil unions bill for this year in Colorado "  We will keep fighting to equality and #civilunions , " the sponsor tweets Democrats are using civil unions as an election issue , the Republican House speaker says Five states allow civil unions , a legal status short of marriage , for same-sex couples
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The South Korean president on Monday warned North Korea that any provocative moves will be met with "  a strong response " as the United States deployed stealth fighter jets in the tense region as part of joint military exercises . "  If there is any provocation against South Korea and its people , there should be a strong response in initial combat without any political considerations , " President Park Geun-hye said at a meeting with senior defense and security officials , according to her office . Her comments came after North Korea rattled off fresh volleys of bombastic rhetoric over the weekend , declaring that it had entered a "  state of war " with the South and labeling the U.S. mainland a "  boiled pumpkin , " vulnerable to attack . Read more : Threats of annihilation normal for South Koreans The two Koreas are technically still at war after their conflict in the early 1950s ended in a truce not a peace treaty . The secretive regime of Kim Jong Un has delivered a steady stream of verbal attacks against South Korea and the United States in recent weeks , including the threat of a nuclear strike . It has lashed out at the U.S.-South Korean military drills currently under way and at the tougher U.N. sanctions that were slapped on it after its latest nuclear test in February . Analysts have expressed heavy skepticism that the North has the military capabilities to follow through on many of its melodramatic threats . But concerns remain that it could carry out a localized attack on South Korea , as it did in November 2010 when it shelled Yeongpyeong Island , killing four people . Displays of strength The United States has sought to show its willingness to defend its South Korean ally by drawing attention to displays of its military strength during the drills taking place in South Korea . Washington 's recent announcements concerning practice flights over South Korea by B-52 bombers and B-2 stealth bombers , both of which can carry both conventional and nuclear weapons , have not been lost on Pyongyang , which has described them as acts of U.S. hostility . Read more : N Korea readying rockets to aim at U.S. targets There was no immediate reaction on North Korean state media Monday to the U.S. statement saying the stealth fighters , F-22 Raptors , were sent to the main U.S. Air Force Base in South Korea to support air drills in the annual Foal Eagle training exercises there . U.S. and South Korean officials have been trying to strike a balance between acknowledging that the North 's rhetoric is cause for concern and at the same time playing down the severity of the threat . Park said Monday that she was "  viewing the threat from North Korea in a serious manner . " But a senior U.S. Defense Department official said late last week that there were "  no indications at this point that it 's anything more than warmongering rhetoric . " South Korea has noted that scores of its workers have continued in recent days to enter and leave the Kaesong Industrial Complex , a joint economic cooperation zone between the two Koreas situated on the North 's side of the border . That is despite Pyongyang cutting a key military hotline on the border and threatening to shut down the complex . Read more : Why N Korea regime is scary Moscow and Beijing call for calm The heightened tensions have prompted North Korea 's traditional allies , China and Russia , to urge the different sides to keep a lid on the situation . "  Moscow expects all parties to exercise as much responsibility and restraint as possible in light of North Korea 's latest statements , " the Russian foreign ministry said Saturday according to Russian state broadcaster Russia Today . China , which expressed frustration over Pyongyang 's most recent nuclear test , also called for calm . "  We hope relevant parties can work together to turn around the tense situation in the region , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said Friday , describing peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula as "  a joint responsibility . " But the coming weeks appear laced with potential for more bouts of saber-rattling . North Korean delegates are currently gathered in Pyongyang for the Supreme People 's Assembly , the country 's rubber stamp parliament . And April 15 is the anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the nation 's founder and the grandfather of Kim Jong Un . That day , the biggest national holiday in North Korea , is usually marked by large-scale parades . Meanwhile , the U.S.-South Korean military exercises that have already stirred so much ire from the North are due to continue until the end of the month . Finally , some analysts have noted that Pyongyang has carried out some sort of military provocation within weeks of every South Korean presidential inauguration . Park , the current president , took office on February 25 , five weeks ago . CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from South Korea .	U.S. deploys F-22s to South Korea as part of joint military exercises North Korea said it was entering a "  state of war " with the South Seoul views the threat from Pyongyang in "  a serious manner "
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- Sudan and Southern Sudan have signed an agreement on border security amid tensions over the disputed Abyei border region , the African Union said Tuesday . The deal , negotiated Monday in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , is designed to "  ensure that the two parties can maintain stable and secure relations , " the African Union said in a statement . "  The agreement also establishes a Common Border Zone between North and South Sudan , which is to be demilitarized and jointly monitored and patrolled . " The deal was brokered by the African Union and signed by top military and political officials . Additional negotiations will be held within a week , the statement said . In the wake of January 's lopsided vote for independence by residents of Southern Sudan , the autonomous region has been scheduled to become an independent state in early July . But Ezekiel Gatkuoth , the representative of Southern Sudan to the United States , said war could break out between the two sides if the international community does not demand that Sudan withdraw its forces from Abyei so residents who have fled can return . "  People are dying daily . They have no food . They have no shelter , " he said . "  We are asking the world to respond to this catastrophe . " The World Food Programme said rains made roads impassable in areas south of Abyei , where refugees went , temporarily disrupting food distribution , which had resumed Tuesday . Rain and impassable roads were also making it harder to find people as they fled into the bush , which has made it tough to get a reliable estimate of the number of the displaced . The Sudan People 's Liberation Army has cited 150,000 ; the United Nations has cited 30,000 to 40,000 . Last week , the president of the Southern Sudanese government demanded an immediate withdrawal of the Sudanese armed forces that occupy Abyei . And on Monday , the government of Sudan requested that the United Nations Mission in Sudan  UNMIS  leave the country by July 9 , the date set for South Sudan 's independence . "  The Sudanese foreign minister has sent a letter to Ban Ki-moon that UNMIS ' mandate in Sudan comes to an end at the end of the transitional period , on July 9 , " said Khalid Musa , spokesman for the Sudanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs , referring to the U.N. secretary-general . Asked whether tensions in Abyei could lead to an extension of UNMIS ' mandate in Sudan , Musa said : "  The government is open to dialogue as realities unfold on the ground , but UNMIS ' mandate ends on July 9 . " UNMIS spokesman Koudeir Zerrouk confirmed the request . "  The government has informed us of its request and a letter was sent to the U.N. secretary-general , " he told CNN . UNMIS was established following passage of U.N. Security Council Resolution 1590 to help facilitate peace-building and humanitarian efforts in Sudan shortly after the signing of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement . Fighting began May 19 , when the north accused Southern Sudanese forces of ambushing a U.N. convoy carrying northern troops to Goli , killing at least 22 soldiers . In retaliation , Sudanese troops attacked and took control of Abyei , a move condemned by the United States as a breach of the 2005 Comprehensive Peace Agreement , which ended the county 's decadeslong civil war between the predominantly Arab and Muslim north and predominantly black animist and Christian south . The conflict led to the deaths of two million people , many from starvation . The U.N. compound in Abyei was shelled by mortar rounds and two peacekeepers were wounded , according to a statement from U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's press office . The Sudanese armed forces said the military in Southern Sudan was behind the May 19 attack , but the Sudan People 's Liberation Army denied responsibility . Also Monday , the Sudanese government disputed claims by actor George Clooney 's Satellite Sentinel Project that government forces were involved in ethnic cleansing by destroying Banton Bridge -- a key link with Southern Sudan . Pictures posted by the organization show the demolished bridge sitting in a river bed . The government challenged Clooney to prove his allegations . "  I do not think that he has any evidence for ethnic cleansing , " said Ibrahim Ghandour , minister of information for the ruling National Congress Party . The Satellite Sentinel Project and the Enough Project accuse the government of having greater ambitions . "  Along with the military occupation of Abyei , the Khartoum regime is laying the groundwork for a takeover of oil fields near Sudan 's north-south border , its ultimate objective , " said Enough Project co-founder John Prendergast . "  If there are no consequences for these violations of the north-south peace deal and for the war crimes being committed in Abyei , the likelihood of full-scale war increases daily . " The Satellite Sentinel Project uses satellite imagery to monitor developments in Sudan . CNN 's Jenifer Fenton and journalists Jane Ferguson and Isma'il Kushkush contributed to this report .	NEW : Sudanese government asks United Nations to leave by July 9 Southern Sudan official calls for international support Sudan denies claims of racial cleansing Southern Sudan is to become an independent state in July
CNN  -- Japanese authorities are expected to announce Friday that a "  cold shutdown " has been achieved at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . That would mean the plant 's crippled reactors have stayed at temperatures below the boiling point for some time . The announcement is a symbolic milestone . But experts say it will take years -- perhaps decades -- to fully clean up the worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl . The plume of radioactive particles that spewed from Fukushima Daiichi -- where reactor cooling systems failed in the aftermath of Japan 's devastating earthquake and tsunami in March -- displaced about 80,000 people who lived within a 20-kilometer  12.5-mile  radius of the plant , as well as residents of one village as far as 40 kilometers to the northwest . The government has yet to determine when those evacuated can return to their homes . Significant work -- with significant risks -- remains to be done at the plant . "  This is far from over , and the work will go on for a long time , " Tokyo Electric Power Co. . President Toshio Nishizawa told CNN this week . Citing government sources , Japan 's Kyodo News agency reported Thursday that scrapping crippled reactors at the plant could take up to 40 years . In October , a spokesman for Tokyo Electric -- which owns the plant -- said temperatures in the three reactors where meltdowns occurred had already been brought down below 100 degrees Celsius  212 degrees Fahrenheit  , but the company would have to maintain those conditions for some time before declaring the reactors in cold shutdown . "  They 're making this out to be some big milestone , some big thing . But the reality of this is that it 's not , " said Michael Friedlander , a former senior operator at U.S. nuclear power plants . "  The problem is , with these reactors and the condition that they 're in , to suggest that they 're in cold shutdown really does n't do justice to the situation . They 're no safer today than they were basically in June . " Officials could start removing spent fuel rods from the facility next year , but it could be up to a decade before they are able to access the reactor vessels , he said . "  They 'll probably spend two or three years studying it , " he said . Jack DeVine , who helped lead the cleanup of the Three Mile Island nuclear plant after the 1979 partial meltdown there , said the cold shutdown likely means officials may have one less thing to worry about . If they do n't have to use as much water to cool the reactors , they also do n't have to worry about what to do with contaminated cooling water -- one of many problems that have plagued workers at the crippled plant . "  It 's not like there 's a dramatic difference . It 's just a gradual incremental difference that does make life easier , " he said . The earthquake and tsunami on March 11 killed more than 15,000 people in northeastern Japan . The country was on edge for weeks as cooling systems failed and utility and government employees scrambled to prevent a nuclear catastrophe at the six-reactor Daiichi plant , located about 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo . Hydrogen explosions blew apart the No. 1 and No. 3 reactor housings , while another hydrogen blast is suspected to have damaged the No. 2 reactor . Fires believed caused by heat from the No. 4 spent fuel pool damaged that unit 's reactor building . Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency eventually categorized the accident as a level-7 event -- the highest level on an international scale for nuclear disasters -- putting it on par with the 1986 Chernobyl disaster . "  We are going to check each reactor properly and determine what is going to happen to those left , " Nishizawa , the Tokyo Electric president , said Wednesday . Removing spent fuel rods is the next step , but officials need to further survey the area before that happens , he said . "  We are considering sending a robot into the fuel tanks to really have a good idea  about  the situation . This will be necessary when we take out the fuel , " Nishizawa said . "  But I do n't believe what we see will be 180 degrees different from our simulations . But as we say , seeing once is better than hearing 100 times , so we will have a good look at what 's happening inside . " At Three Mile Island , where damage was less severe and only one reactor was affected , it took two and half years before officials were able to get inside the reactor to assess it , DeVine said . At Fukushima Daiichi , that process will likely take much longer , he said . "  I think in terms of what 's ahead , it 's still the daunting task that it 's always been , which is first of all , figuring out where everything is . ... They 're going to be searching for and finding pieces of fuel , chunks of molten material that have now cooled , through all of that rubble , " he said . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Matt Smith in Atlanta , and Licia Yee in Tokyo contributed to this report .	The announcement means temperatures have stayed below the boiling point Experts say significant work -- with significant risks -- remains to be done Kyodo News : Scrapping crippled reactors could take 40 years 80,000 people who lived near the nuclear plant remain displaced
CNN  -- On loan Al Ain striker Asamoah Gyan has dismissed claims that his recent move from Sunderland to the United Arab Emirates was motivated by money . Talking to CNN 's Pedro Pinto , the Ghanaian also claimed there was no bad blood between him and Sunderland coach Steve Bruce after his last minute move to the Middle East . "  I 'm still a player of Sunderland . I did n't have any confrontation with anyone . We are still alright . I was cool with the manager , " he told CNN . "  People say I moved because of money ... You need to be happy -- although I 'm not saying I was n't happy at Sunderland or I was n't happy in the -LSB- English -RSB- Premier League . "  I had to decide with my family and everything and they were alright with my decision so I had to just move ... it helped myself and Sunderland as well . " Gyan 's move from Sunderland in the English Premier League to Al Ain , a club that hails from a city built around an oasis deep in the desert , was arguably the most controversial of the recent transfer window . The Ghanaian scored ten goals in his 34 appearances for Sunderland and appeared to have adjusted well to the fast-paced English game . But instead of building on his promising start Gyan opted to move to the Middle East instead . "  In life you have to experience things . I think moving here I do n't regret at all because Al Ain is a great club and I 'm ready to give everything , " he explained . "  It 's another step in my life . Although I 'm still a player of Sunderland . I came on loan so I 'll see how my future lies as Al Ain is an important club in Asia . I 'm really , really happy to be here . " Gyan will be joined by a host of stars in this year 's UAE Pro League . Maradona will be in charge of Dubai club Al Wasl , France international David Trezeguet has joined Abu Dhabi club Bani Yas whilst former Inter Milan midfielder Luis Jimenez will be playing at Al Ahli . Last year 's champions , Al Jazira of Abu Dhabi , are bankrolled by Manchester City owner Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed al Nahyan Whilst there are fabulous riches to be found in the UAE Pro League , it is n't without its controversies . Attendances have been dire since the league went professional in 2008 . The situation got so bad that the UAE FA disbanded the league and took it under their control last June . Yet for Gyan the draw of Asian Champions League football was enough to convince him that the standard this season will be high . "  The English Premiership is one of the best in the world . I do respect that . I enjoyed myself really last season , " he said . "  Moving to the Asian league is another step in my life . Who knows maybe I can bring some exposure in the Asian league . I 've got more fans in Africa and more fans in Europe also . "  I think the Asian league is also improving . Not just the big players going to the Asian league . It 's got a lot of great players ... and they are enjoying their football here . "	Ghanaian striker Asamoah Gyan talks to CNN 's Pedro Pinto about his move to Al Ain Gyan shocked the football world by leaving the EPL for the Middle East He insists the move is n't about the money Claims he and Sunderland coach Steve Bruce are on good terms
CNN  A deadly storm that brought Chicago its snowiest February day on record is now delivering more winter weather to the Northeast . Boston declared a snow emergency and banned on-street parking amid predictions of up to 14 inches of snow in parts of Massachusetts . New Yorkers were told to be prepared for roads and sidewalks to turn icy as temperatures plummet . Back in the Midwest , scores of schools closed as Chicago coped with the effects of more than 18 inches of snow . Many roads remained snow-covered early Monday , the National Weather Service said . "  We do n't have this much snow in Alaska right now , " CNN affiliate WLS quoted Chicago visitors Emma Marks and Daniel Dobbs as saying . The city got as much snow Sunday as it had in all of January , Mayor Rahm Emanuel said . In Omaha , Nebraska , wet , heavy snow tested even heavy-duty snow blowers , CNN affiliate KETV reported . "  It kept coming and coming and coming , " the station quoted Frank Halpine of Omaha as saying . Authorities say at least 10 people have died as a result of the storm , including one in Michigan , two in New York , two in Wisconsin and one in Pennsylvania . The other four deaths were described in detail . In Weymouth , Massachusetts , on Monday , a 57-year old pedestrian died after she was struck by a snowplow , according to Norfolk district attorney spokesman David Traub . The accident occurred at a condominium complex , and the incident is under investigation . Two people died in car accidents in Nebraska as a result of slippery roads Sunday . The deaths occurred in Saunders and Lancaster counties , authorities said . In Ohio , Toledo police Officer Michael Greenwood died while shoveling snow at home Sunday , a police spokesman said . In the Northeast , winter storm warnings covered parts of several states , including Pennsylvania , New York , New Jersey , Connecticut , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , Vermont , Maine and New Hampshire . Flights were canceled , schools closed and traffic snarled in the region . Boston was expecting as much as a foot of snow . Schools were closed Monday and Tuesday , and officials urged residents to use public transportation to get to work if they had to go out at all . As of early Monday afternoon , nearly 10 inches had already fallen , setting a new seven-day snowfall record with 34.2 inches . The storm led Boston Mayor Marty Walsh to postpone a celebratory parade for the New England Patriots , who won the Super Bowl on Sunday night . The parade , which had been scheduled for Tuesday , will now happen on Wednesday , he said in a statement . In New York , little additional accumulation was expected . But rainy , slushy conditions were expected to turn icy when temperatures fall Monday afternoon , according to CNN meteorologists . "  We would expect a lot of icing on our roads and sidewalks -- up to a quarter-inch of ice in some places , and a lot of that would happen in the early morning hours , " New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio warned . Pennsylvania groundhog Punxsutawney Phil did n't have to suffer the snow , but still forecast six more weeks of winter at his annual Groundhog Day appearance . Legend has it that if Phil sees his shadow , there will be six more weeks of winter weather . If he does n't , there will be an early spring . Nan Moore , who was visiting Punxsutawney to witness the prediction , correctly predicted the rodent 's forecast . "  He 's going to see his shadow , " she said . "  We 're going to get more winter . " Airlines did not wait for a groundhog 's prediction to plan . More than 3,700 Monday flights were canceled , according to Flightaware.com . United , Delta , American , Virgin America , U.S. Airways , Southwest , Spirit and JetBlue all issued waivers that allow travelers to change flights without a penalty . The air travel headache started over the weekend , with thousands of flights canceled Sunday , many of them in and out of Chicago . In preparation for the storm , Amtrak said it plans to adjust its schedule based on the weather . "  With extreme conditions expected in some areas during the next 24 to 36 hours , crews are actively monitoring the latest forecasts and planning for the possibility that service adjustments may be necessary , " it said Sunday . There may be changes to Acela Express and Northeast Regional services , Amtrak said . It urged Monday travelers to monitor schedules . "  We will re-evaluate service as conditions warrant , " the rail service said . Along with Boston and Chicago , the cities of Detroit , Omaha , and the Ohio cities of Akron , Toledo and Cleveland canceled public school Monday , but New York City schools will remain open . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	Authorities say at least 10 people have died because of the storm Boston postpones Patriots ' Super Bowl parade Punxsutawney Phil predicts six more weeks of winter
TIME.com  -- Two of Emily Cunningham 's three children have food allergies . And protecting her kids is taking toll on the family budget . When she was nine months old , Cunningham 's four-year-old daughter Elena ate a spoonful of yogurt and broke out in hives . Elena is allergic to eggs , tree nuts , dairy and peanuts , and even brief contact with one of the these hard-to-avoid items is all it takes to set off a potentially life-threatening immune reaction . Cunningham 's eight-month-old son Wyatt has a bad dairy allergy too . In order to keep their kids safe and healthy , Emily Cunningham , a stay-at-home mother from Charlotte , North Carolina who writes the AllergenMenuMom blog , and her husband keep a completely allergy-free home , buying only food products that are free of any trace of their children 's triggers . But that protection comes at a high price . Between breathing medications and epipens of epinephrine , a drug used to treat anaphylactic shock , the Cunninghams spend about $ 1,000 a month to safeguard their children from their allergies , and that 's before the grocery bill . Emily estimates her family spends $ 80 a month just on rice milk . TIME.com : How nut allergies made me monogamous About 4 % to 6 % of U.S. children under age 18 have food allergies , and the latest statistics show this percentage may be on the rise . Why so many kids are experiencing allergies to common food items still is n't clear , although experts suspect that some of the trend can be attributed to improved public health and sanitation efforts that may have made us too clean to build strong enough immunity to common allergens found in food and the environment . Kids not eating things like nuts and shellfish at an earlier age may also contribute to the rise in food allergies . Regardless of how the shift began , however , researchers reporting in the journal JAMA Pediatrics say that the economic cost of food allergies is also reaching a peak , with families like the Cunninghams spending an estimated $ 25 billion per year , or about $ 4,184 per child . About $ 4.3 billion of those costs involve direct medical fees such as medications and emergency treatments for allergic reactions , with $ 20.5 billion going to additional yearly costs to families . TIME.com : Why we 're going nuts over nut allergies While other studies have investigated the economic toll of food allergies , few have studied in detail how these costs affect a family 's finances . A 2011 study published in the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology , for example , calculated that the national cost was much lower at about $ 500 million , but the authors acknowledged that they underestimated the prevalence of food allergies , and excluded some other costs families cover , such as higher fees for special foods and lost productivity of parents who had to sacrifice their jobs to care for their children . TIME.com : Being born in the U.S. puts kids at higher allergy risk For the new estimate , the researchers looked at both direct medical costs like hospital visits , co-payments and medication purchases , as well as other costs that are unique to families of children with food allergies â $ " including special child care arrangements , allergy-friendly summer camps and even changing schools . "  I am the room mom for -LSB- Elena 's -RSB- class so I can be directly involved in planning activities , " says Cunningham . "  I always make sure I know what is being brought in when another child has a birthday , and during special events I provide safe alternatives for my daughter , which are as similar as possible to the treats the other kids will have . " The study authors also accounted for less direct costs , such as in lost career opportunities for parents of food-allergic children , which they estimated at $ 14.2 billion . Overall , they found that caring for a child with major food allergies harms a caregiver 's career , primarily because many parents , who live with the specter of imminent -- and often emergency -- care , choose to be around their children more frequently to ensure they are safe from exposure . Emily , for example , quit her job as a speech therapist to stay at home , and her husband Justin left his banking job to create apps that help families find restaurants that provide detailed information about their menu ingredients . How can these costs be lowered ? The authors of the study say more policies that ensure safe environments for kids could provide some relief . A month ago , the Senate began considering a bill that would give states an incentive to make epinephrine more widely available . States that allow schools to stock epinephrine are given preferential status when they apply for federal grants for asthma funding . The bill also encourages schools to allow trained staff instead of only nurses to administer epinephrine to students who may be having a reaction , and requires states to ensure that administrators have legal protections when they try to help students who might be in allergic shock . TIME.com : Genetic glitch may explain most allergies , asthma But will making more places "  safer " cut back on costs ? In some ways , yes . But Dr. Carla Davis , pediatric allergist and immunologist at Texas Children 's Hospital says families will start to see the greatest decreases in costs once better treatments are developed . For instance , researchers are looking into oral treatments that could potentially "  cure " children of their allergies by building their tolerance with repeated exposures to tiny amounts of the allergen . Doctors are encouraged by early results that suggest such de-sensitization can lessen the chances that allergic children will experience anaphylactic shock if they are exposed . More options for treating immediate reactions can also lower costs of devices like epinephrine devices ; when the new epinephrine auto-injector , Auvi-Q , which is slimmer and more portable that previous models , was launched last year , more coupons and discounts were available for epi pens overall . TIME.com : Bullying over food allergies "  A little competition has made a big difference for a lot of families , " says Cunningham . "  The number of people dealing with foods allergies is promoting more products to become available , which should help with affordability and availability of options . " This article was originally published on TIME.com	About 4 % to 6 % of U.S. children under age 18 have food allergies Families with food allergies are spending an estimated $ 4,184 per child per year Costs include special child care arrangements , allergy-friendly summer camps or schools
CNN  The United States has gained much from its position as a space-faring nation . Indeed , U.S. access to space has provided incredible benefit to U.S. national security , defense and the economic well-being of the nation . And in order to effectively confront current and future conflicts , combat terrorism and counter the proliferating threats worldwide , our military depends on space-based capabilities , including intelligence , GPS , and communications satellites . Unfortunately , as global threats increase and the need for assured space access accelerates , the U.S. is faced with a troubling reality -- we are far too reliant on Russian technology to meet our national security obligations . How ? For a start , we depend on the Atlas V rocket , which carries many of our most important satellites and is powered by the Russian-made RD-180 rocket engine . The fact that we rely on Russia , currently under sanctions for invading a sovereign nation , should reinforce the need for a change in our current course . Assured access to space is an area where the U.S. should not be reliant on nonsecure foreign supply chains , which are subject to disruption , threats , unfavorable contracts and undue leverage against the interests of the U.S. . The Ukraine crisis should have served as a wake-up call , highlighting the danger of dependence on Russia to launch national security satellites into space . And the United States should play no part in supporting the defense industry of a country that continues to abrogate the sovereignty and territorial integrity of its neighbors . Simply put , it is bad policy to rely on others for critical national security requirements , and worse policy when this reliance supports countries taking action in direct contradiction to U.S. national security interests . Dmitry Rogozin , a Russian Deputy Prime Minister in charge of defense and space industries , has called American taxpayer outlays for the Russian engine "  free money " that goes directly back into Russia 's missile modernization programs . It is high time the U.S. government turn to its existing domestic capability and turn off this flow of funds . Fortunately , there are some signs of progress . Last year , Congress took bipartisan action to phase out reliance on the RD-180 engine by the end of the decade , and to transition to an all-American space launch capability . The defense authorization for fiscal year 2015 included restrictions on the future use of the RD-180 for the Atlas V , authorizing $ 220 million to begin development of a U.S. alternative . This was a wise move , but it 's not enough . There are steps that the United States can take now to ensure our access to space and secure our comparative advantage in space -- and in the world . True , development of a new launch system will take time ; there are no overnight answers . However , a combination of existing capabilities and dynamic development of new capabilities by the private sector can serve as a foundation for eliminating any capability gap in the U.S. space program . Indeed , new entrants are coming online using launch vehicle systems fully designed and manufactured in America . The two main launch competitors -- United Launch Alliance and SpaceX -- each have all-American systems , namely ULA 's Delta IV family of rockets and SpaceX 's Falcon 9 . Having both options will put America on the path to fielding its indigenous space capabilities for the next generation , while strengthening a space industrial base weakened since the end of the Cold War . The short-term goal should be to transition to existing American-manufactured launch vehicles , as opposed to phasing out systems such as the Delta IV , which continue to provide critical capability . In the long term , next-generation development programs should not involve major Russian subsystems and components . It is time to end America 's reliance on Russia 's rocket engine . This would be good for national security , good for American innovation and the industrial base -- and good for our country 's future .	Mike Rogers , Ellen Tauscher : Access to space has benefited U.S. national security U.S. should not be reliant on nonsecure foreign supply chains , authors write
SYDNEY , Australia  CNN  -- 1 . I owe my success to ... my father and mother . My mother instilled a love of music and had all of her seven children taught a musical instrument . My father put family first but worked very , very hard . Paul Field , managing director of "  The Wiggles " 2 . The most inspirational book I have read is "  Psalms ; Songs of The Way Home " by Paul Glynn . 3 . The best advice I ever received was "  The best thing a man can do for his children is to love their mother . " 4 . The advice I wish I 'd had would have been not to worry so much about what others think . Though at times , this has been a great motivator . 5 . The thing that motivates me most is my family and the desire to be better and do better . 6 . The most important lesson that life has taught me is ... that everything is temporary . We suffered the death of our daughter and that has had a profound influence on how I view life . 7 . I could n't live without love and music ! 8 . The person I most admire is my wife . 9 . In another life I would have been a roadie for The Rolling Stones  the best view in the house  . 10 . The worst job I ever had : As a trainee manager for Woolworths I had to open the store for the cleaners at 5 a.m. I was singing in a band at the time and the store manager asked me to choose between retail and rock 'n' roll . He should never have asked !	Paul Field , managing director of The Wiggles answers poop questionnaire "  I could n't live without love and music ! " "  The worst job I ever had : As a trainee manager for Woolworths "
WIRED  -- Motorola is taking another shot at the tablet game with the Droid Xyboard , the company 's latest Android device to hit Verizon stores . After getting our hands on one yesterday , we found that it 's a solid , well-performing slate that 's easy on the eyes . Too bad it has such a stupid name . The 4G Xyboard is Motorola 's follow-up to its pricey , not terribly popular Xoom tablet , which was released in February . Available in 8.2-inch and 10.1-inch versions , the Honeycomb-powered Xyboard enters the market hot on the heels of the super-hot Kindle Fire . It 's on sale today for $ 430  for the 8.2-inch  or $ 530  for the 10.1-inch  with a two-year contract from Verizon , with options for 16GB or 32GB of memory on the smaller version , and up to 64GB on the larger one . The first thing that struck me about the Xyboard is its industrial design . Rather than being perfectly rectangular in shape , the 8.2-inch slate has clipped corners , which actually makes it fit more comfortably when you hold it one-handed . The back , too , shows some stylistic creativity . A rubberized outer rim houses a power button and volume rocker , while centered in the back of the tablet is a sheet of dark gray brushed metal held in place by six visible screws . Think robot chic . The positioning of the device 's only two buttons makes for a clean appearance , but leaves your fingers searching when it 's time to crank up the volume or send it to sleep . The 8.2-inch size , however , is a great compromise between the 7-inch ` tweeners and 10-inch stunners . It 's small enough to wield in one hand with ease  the 0.86-pound weight helps with that too  , yet large enough that watching a full-screen , HD YouTube video or a movie on Netflix is pleasant . Pair that with Verizon 's 4G speeds , and you 've got great streaming video quality . The overall experience is smooth , an improvement over many of the past buggy iterations of Honeycomb  perhaps the longer lead time gave Google the room to stabilize  . Powered by a dual-core 1.2 GHz processor with 1GB of RAM , app loading times are reasonably swift , and swiping from one screen to another on its Honeycomb interface is stutter-free . Unlike HTC and Samsung devices , it 's not overly skinned , so you can actually experience the Android OS for what it is , rather than a bogged down , bloated mess . The Xyboard will be eligible for an Ice Cream Sandwich upgrade at some point in the future , but for now , it runs Honeycomb very well . Both the 8.2 - and 10.1-inch models have a 1280 x 800 resolution display . After turning up the brightness from auto to full , the tablet 's battery life dropped from around 20 percent to around 5 percent in less than an hour , so it looks like you 'll need to be conscious of your 4G and brightness settings if you do n't want your tablet to die on you quickly . If you 're one of those people who likes to take pictures with their tablet  read : you are a dork  , the Xyboard has a 5-megapixel back-facing camera and a 1.3-megapixel front-facing camera on its face . The rear camera 's quality is relatively sub-par compared to what you 'd get from other comparable cameras , and definitely shoddier compared to the 8-megapixel standard of most 2011 handsets . The colors are bright and close to true to life , but the overall image lacks sharpness . The camera does have some variable settings though , for white balance , color effects , and scene mode . Video quality was also just ` meh ' : a video taken indoors at the Wired offices was noticeably grainy . Overall , the Xyboard seems like a decent tablet . The slate looks slick and feels good in your hands , and is powerful enough to provide a successful tablet experience . It 's a bit of a shame that it 's shipping with Honeycomb instead of ICS , but that 's certainly not a deal breaker . What 's a real shame , though , is that it 's available now , and not six months ago . See more Wired reviews on Wired.com Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	4G Xyboard is Motorola 's follow-up to its pricey , not terribly popular Xoom tablet Honeycomb-powered Xyboard available in 8.2-inch and 10.1-inch versions Tablet is small enough to wield in one hand , yet large enough to watch a full-screen , HD video
CNN  -- Floyd Mayweather is returning to boxing after a year out of the ring , announcing he is to fight Victor Ortiz . The five-time world champion 's last bout was against Shane Mosley in May 2010 as he won a unanimous decision in Las Vegas . Mayweather , 34 , has won all 41 of his professional fights and is a six-time world champion at five different weights . Ortiz became the current World Boxing Council  WBC  welterweight champion after beating Andre Berto in April and the bout has been set for September 17 . "  I am ready to return to the ring and give my fans a fantastic night of boxing by fighting the best out there , " Mayweather said in a statement . "  For me , that is Victor Ortiz . He is the current champion and an extremely talented fighter , who showed amazing skills and heart in his last performance . "  At this stage of my career , these are the challenges I look for -- a young , strong , rising star looking to make his mark in boxing by beating me . "  Ortiz is just going to be another casualty , the 42nd one who tried and failed . Trust me . I will be ready . " Mayweather has recorded 25 knockouts in his 41 bouts , while Ortiz has suffered two defeats and two draws in his 33 fights . The 24-year-old American said : "  I respect Mayweather because he has been a champion for many years and I know he will be ready but so will I. "  I 'm a world champion for a reason and I am not going to let go of my title any time soon . This is going to be a great fight , but I will remain a world champion for many years to come . " Mayweather 's return to the ring will again raise the prospect of a so-called "  superbout " with eight-division world champion Manny Pacquiao . Since Mayweather last fought he was arrested at a Las Vegas casino in December last year on a misdemeanor battery charge after he allegedly assaulted a security guard at his housing complex He has also been embroiled in domestic violence claims from his former girlfriend . He faces criminal charges in court in January .	Floyd Mayweather announces he is to fight Victor Ortiz on September 17 Mayweather has been in retirement since defeating Shane Mosley in May 2010 24-year-old Ortiz is the current WBC welterweight champion
CNN  -- A man described as "  one of al Qaeda 's most dangerous members " was arrested in Yemen , the Yemeni military , an embassy official and state-run news agency Saba said . Mohammed Abdu Saleh al-Haudali , 35 , is "  one of the most dangerous terrorists wanted by the security forces , " according to a Yemeni military Web site , citing a security source . Al-Haudali was arrested Wednesday in the village of Deer Jaber in the Bajel district , northeast of the Yemeni capital of Sanaa , said Mohammed Albasha , spokesman for the Yemen Embassy in Washington . Al-Haudali exchanged fire with security forces before his arrest , Saba reported , citing Hodeidah province security officer Abdul-Wahab al-Radhi . However , the Yemeni military site quoted the security source as saying al-Haudali was caught when he attempted to open fire on authorities . In addition , Albasha told CNN , Mohammed Ali Al-Henk , "  a wanted al Qaeda operative , " was captured in the Arhab district north of Sanaa . Yemeni air forces have raided al Qaeda hideouts in Sanaa along with Abyan and Shabwa governorates , killing dozens of al Qaeda suspects , Saba reported . It did not say when the raids took place . Following the raids , the Interior Ministry told its offices to raise security alerts and tighten defense procedures nationwide in anticipation of operations , Saba said . The arrests come after a Nigerian man allegedly attempted to detonate an explosive device on a Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam to Detroit , Michigan , December 25 . Yemen-based Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claimed responsibility for the attack . Suspect Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab spent time in Yemen , sources have said . His father , Umaru AbdulMutallab , contacted the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria several weeks ago to report his son had "  become radicalized , " and had gone to Yemen to participate in "  some kind of jihad , " a family source said . A federal security bulletin obtained by CNN says the explosives used in the incident were obtained in Yemen . A U.S. government official said that between August and October , extremists in Yemen were discussing operations and mentioned a person called "  the Nigerian . " The source said that U.S. intelligence officials also had a partial name for the person : Umar Farouk .	35-year-old described as "  one of the most dangerous terrorists " in Yemen Al-Haudali arrested in village of Deer Jaber in the Bajel district northeast of Sanaa Al-Haudali reportedly exchanged fire with security forces before his arrest
Editor 's note : Peter Bergen , CNN 's national security analyst , is a fellow at the New America Foundation , a Washington-based think tank that promotes innovative thought from across the ideological spectrum , and at New York University 's Center on Law and Security . He 's the author of "  The Osama bin Laden I Know : An Oral History of al Qaeda 's Leader . " This commentary is adapted from a longer article Peter Bergen says the evidence is that coercive interrogations likely did more harm than good . CNN  -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney said in an interview Friday that just-released CIA documents demonstrate the effectiveness of coercive interrogation techniques . "  My sort of overwhelming view is that the enhanced interrogation techniques were absolutely essential in saving American lives and preventing attacks on the Unites States , " Cheney told FOX News Sunday . "  I think they were directly responsible for the fact that for eight years we had no further direct attacks on the United States . " So what do the newly-released CIA documents show , in combination with the other records on the matter already in the public domain ? The first al Qaeda member to be subjected to "  enhanced interrogation techniques " was Abu Zubaydah , a Palestinian al Qaeda logistician in his early 30s . Zubaydah was captured in March 2002 in a shoot-out in Faisalabad , Pakistan . He was the subject of intense interest from American officials as they believed he was the first al Qaeda insider whom they could interrogate who might know the form of the next terror attack . And so Zubaydah was the first prisoner to be placed in a secret overseas CIA prison , this one located in Thailand . There he was interrogated by Ali Soufan , one of the FBI 's few Arabic-speaking agents . Zubaydah described Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , al Qaeda 's operational commander , as the mastermind of 9/11 , and he confirmed that Mohammed 's alias was "  Mukhtar , " an important clue in helping to track him down . Abu Zubaydah 's confirmation of Mohammed 's role in the attacks on Washington and New York was arguably the single most important piece of information uncovered about al Qaeda after 9/11 and it was discovered during the course of a standard interrogation without recourse to any form of coercion . Soufan told Newsweek that "  we were able to get the information about Khalid Sheik Mohammed in two days . " Later , over Soufan 's vociferous objections , a CIA contractor stepped in to take over Abu Zubaydah 's interrogations . The FBI 's standard , non-coercive techniques were jettisoned and Abu Zubaydah was stripped naked , deprived of sleep , subjected to loud noise and wide variations in temperature and he was later "  waterboarded " 83 times . Following his arrest in Pakistan in March 2003 , Mohammed was also subjected to intensive coercive measures . He was taken to a secret CIA prison in northern Poland where he initially proved resistant to interrogation . In the words of the 2004 CIA 's inspector general report on detainees that was also released this week , Mohammed was an accomplished resister , provided only a few intelligence reports prior to the use of the waterboard , and analysis of that information revealed that much of it was outdated , inaccurate or incomplete . " Following his defiance , Mohammed was subjected to a number of coercive interrogation techniques including being waterboarded 183 times . But did Mohammed 's coerced interrogations really lead to any substantive plots against the American homeland being averted ? The short answer is no . A document the government released in 2006 around the time Mohammed was transferred from his secret CIA prison to the prison camp at Guantanamo offered details on the plots he had hatched against the United States : "  KSM -LSB- Khalid Sheikh Mohammed -RSB- launched several plots targeting the U.S. Homeland , including a plot in late 2001 to have ... suicide operatives hijack a plane over the Pacific and crash it into a skyscraper on the U.S. West Coast ; a plan in early 2002 to send al-Qaeda operatives to conduct attacks in the U.S. ; and a plot in early 2003 to employ a network of Pakistanis ... to smuggle explosives into New York and to target gas stations , railroad tracks and a bridge in New York . " The newly-released CIA documents merely rehash the range of anti-American plots cooked up by Mohammed that the government already made public three years ago . And while this "  second wave " of attacks all sounded very frightening , there is no indication that these plots were ever more than just talk . The chances of success , for instance , of al Qaeda 's plan to attack the skyscraper on the West Coast -- since identified as the 73-story U.S. Bank Tower in Los Angeles -- were described by Mohammed in one court document to be "  dismal . " Of the terrorists , alleged and otherwise , cited by the CIA inspector general that Mohammed fingered during his coercive interrogations , only Ohio truck driver Lyman Faris was an actual al Qaeda foot soldier living in the United States who had the serious intention to wreak havoc in America . However , he was not much of a competent terrorist : In 2002 he researched the feasibility of bringing down the Brooklyn Bridge by using a blowtorch , an enterprise akin to demolishing the Empire State Building with a firecracker . If that was the most threatening plot the United States could discover by waterboarding the most senior al Qaeda member in American custody , it was thin stuff indeed . And when the English journalist David Rose asked FBI director Robert Mueller last year if he was aware of any attacks on America that had been disrupted thanks to intelligence obtained through "  enhanced techniques , " Mueller replied : "  I do n't believe that has been the case . " Historians will likely judge the putative intelligence gains made by abusive interrogation techniques were easily outweighed by the damage they caused to the United States ' moral standing . That is certainly the view of Adm. Dennis Blair , the director of national intelligence , who wrote in April 2009 , "  These techniques hurt our image around the world , the damage they have done to our interests far outweighed whatever benefits they gave us and they are not essential to our national security . " Quite . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bergen .	Bergen : Dick Cheney says coercive interrogations saved lives and stopped attacks Bergen says evidence shows the most valuable information came without coercion He says information gained through coercion was of dubious value Bergen : History will show coercive techniques did more harm than good
A week before a possible government shutdown , the House of Representatives spent time on a Republican bill that does n't fund any federal agencies , and even its supporters admit is already dead on arrival in the Democratic-led Senate . House Republican leaders are still building support for their spending bill , and are eying a vote next week -- potentially Dec. 11 , the same day as the deadline when agencies run out of funds . But as time is running out to avoid a potential crisis , the House voted Thursday to back a measure that 's designed to let GOP opponents of President Barack Obama 's executive actions on immigration vent their frustrations . The "  Preventing Executive Overreach on Immigration Act " was drafted by Florida Republican Rep. Ted Yoho . It states that the executive branch of government does not have the authority to stop deportations of certain categories of undocumented workers in the United States . It cleared the House in a 219-197 vote that was almost entirely along party lines . But this bill ca n't undo what the President has done , and even those conservatives who voted for it say it 's simply a messaging bill to assert Congress ' role in passing new laws . Cruz causes headaches for GOP leaders . Again . Many House conservatives have been pressing Speaker John Boehner to go further in responding to the President 's immigration policy , insisting that the House strip away any money in the annual government spending bill so it can prevent the Administration from carrying out its plans . But Boehner and other GOP leaders do n't want to risk another shutdown , after the one last fall inflicted major political damage to the party . Instead Republican leaders argue that a vote on this separate bill puts the House on record , and positions them to fight back against the President 's executive orders next year , when the GOP controls both the House and the Senate . Those hardliners who want to use the spending bill as leverage in the immigration fight say they back anything that disapproves of the President 's actions . But it 's not enough for them to get on board with the leaders ' plan to postpone any fight using the legislative branch 's power of the purse until next year . Republican Rep. Mark Sanford of South Carolina called the bill "  important first step " but said he was still not satisfied . "  Is this enough ? Ultimately no , I think ultimately we need to defund the president 's ability to move forward , " Sanford argued on the House floor . Boehner appeared confident Thursday that his spending proposal would pass , and predicted at his weekly press conference it would get bipartisan support . The Speaker waved off making any changes to address concerns of conservatives . In what appeared to be a shot back at those GOP members who Boehner said were "  griping " about the funding bill , he said "  this was their idea of how to proceed . " Shutdown drama builds in Congress Democrats denounced the bill and called it a waste of time . Over and over Democrats called on House Republicans to bring up bipartisan immigration legislation for a vote . Obama said at a college summit Thursday that the House GOP bill would "  force talented young people ... to leave our country . " "  It does not make sense for us to want to push talent out rather than make sure that they 're staying here and contributing to society , " he said . "  Rather than deport students and separate families and make it harder for law enforcement to do its job , I just want Congress to work with us to fix a broken immigration system . " Standing next to a life size poster for former Republican President Ronald Reagan in the House chamber , Illinois Democratic Rep. Luis Gutierrez defended Obama 's action and compared what he did last month to action that Reagan signed in the 1980s . "  They did n't call Ronald Reagan a tyrant , they did n't call him lawless . Yet he said ' I would protect a million and a half undocumented people ' that you call illegal . He protected them , " Gutierrez said . Florida Republican Rep. Mario Diaz Balart was one of seven House Republicans to oppose the bill . He told reporters he agrees with his GOP colleagues that the President did n't have the authority to act on his own , but he believes the proper response is to start working on immigration proposals to fix the system . "  There is only way to do this - we have to pass legislation to deal with the issue , " Diaz-Balart said , adding that the current immigration system "  remains absolutely in a shambles . "	House voted 219-197 to approve bill targeting Obama 's immigration order The largely political bill is not expected to go anywhere in the Senate The bill offers those frustrated at the President to publicly vent about his immigration plans Congress is facing a deadline next week to avoid a government shutdown
Looking to turn a few degrees in his long-awaited "  pivot to Asia , " President Barack Obama embarks on Tuesday on a four-country tour of the region in the hopes of convincing Pacific allies the United States remains focused on them . But like Obama 's last attempts to renew diplomatic and economic attention on Asia , this trip comes amid distractions : unrest in Ukraine , recent transportation disasters at two of his stops , and wary lawmakers back home who are n't on board with Obama 's plan to expand trade . The trip itself -- with stops in Japan , South Korea , Malaysia and the Philippines -- is a rain-check from last October , when the White House nixed a visit to Asia at the last minute amid the government shutdown . The cancellation only prompted more questions about the administration 's capacity for a foreign policy realignment that sought to counterbalance China 's growing influence in Asia . That repositioning first came about during Obama 's first term , when the President and then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made a point of referencing a "  pivot " toward relations in the Asia Pacific -- and implicitly , away from traditional foreign policy hotspots in the Middle East and Europe . But in the intervening years , heightened diplomacy with Iran , and more recently unrest in Ukraine , have grabbed far more headlines than the United States ' increased efforts in Asia . And a vow to allocate more military resources in the region coincided with a plan to reduce Pentagon spending substantially . "  The region does , I think , feel like there 's a bit of distraction here in the United States , " said Victor Cha , a former director of Asian affairs in the George W. Bush White House who is now a senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  In polite company , people wo n't say it , but behind closed doors , I think they 'll openly ask where the pivot is -- they do n't know where it is -- or the rebalance in the second term , " Cha said at a briefing with reporters last week . "  Strong messaging on the U.S. commitment to the region I think is an important way to try to compensate or try to fill that gap . " Administration officials say U.S. alliances in Asia have remained strong despite several years of flashpoints in other parts of the world . And they bristle at the notion the White House and its diplomats can focus only on one region at a time . "  There are often questions raised about whether or not we get distracted with Ukraine or the Middle East , and this trip is yet one more example that we can walk and chew gum at the same time , " said Evan Medeiros , Obama 's senior director for Asian affairs . "  There are huge parts of the government -- I 'm part of them -- that are devoted to advancing U.S. interests in the Asia Pacific . " While there are n't any major announcements expected on this week 's trip , Obama officials hope the visits will yield progress toward showing America 's commitment to each country , and the region as a whole . In Japan , the President will look to further progress on a trade deal , though Democrats on Capitol Hill have proven wary of the Trans-Pacific Partnership , at least until November 's midterm elections . And in the Philippines , a new military cooperation agreement is being negotiated that could boost U.S. troop presence in a region where China has pushed for greater control . Elsewhere , Obama 's schedule is dotted with social and cultural events to highlight the region 's dynamic growth -- including an innovation center in Kuala Lumpur and a science exhibit in Tokyo . "  I think we go to the region at a time when our allies in the region are very much appreciative of and committed to our alliance relationships , " said National Security Adviser Susan Rice during a briefing Friday . "  These alliances are only strengthening in the context of a more uncertain security environment . " Fueling that uncertainty is the situation in Ukraine , where pro-Russian forces effectively annexed the Crimean peninsula and have moved into the eastern part of the country . The White House has announced several rounds of sanctions against Russian officials and businesses , but Obama has been explicit that any military intervention is out of the question for the United States . That 's a cause for concern among some Asian allies -- including Japan -- who have their own territorial disputes with China , though some experts say that worry is overblown since security pacts in place would compel more robust U.S. response in a conflict between Asian nations . "  The notion that Japanese or Taiwan or American allies in the region are nervous about the U.S. reaction to the Ukraine and that means something for them I think is fundamentally false , " said Jeffrey Bader , who until 2011 served as senior director for East Asian Affairs on the National Security Council . "  The U.S. has a mutual security treaty with Japan for over 50 years which is NATO-like in its firmness , " said Bader , who is now a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution . Obama 's trip also comes as two of his stops contend with major transportation disasters . Both the sinking of a ferry full of high schoolers in South Korea and the disappearance of Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 have occupied those countries ' leaders in recent weeks . Ben Rhodes , the deputy national security adviser , said Monday it was likely Obama would express his support for the ferry victims ' families during his visit to Seoul . Last week , Obama said the tragedy was "  heartbreaking . " In the case of Malaysia , officials ' response to the crash has drawn wide criticism , though not from the White House -- and that 's expected to remain the case through next week . "  This trip has a very positive , affirmative agenda and that 's how we are looking at it -- as an opportunity to solidify and modernize our alliances and partnerships , " Susan Rice said Friday .	President heads out on four-nation tour to convince allies the U.S. is focused on them The trip will include stops in Japan , South Korea , Malaysia and the Philippines Obama likely to express support for families of victims from Korean ferry disaster President not expected to criticize Malaysia over handling of Flight 370 disappearance
CNNGo  -- What ? A best-markets-of-the-world lineup without Marrakesh , Istanbul 's Grand Bazaar and Cairo 's Khan el-Khalili in the mix ? But you already know about those , and anyway we just mentioned them . If you 're still searching for that elusive knockoff , that priceless $ 20 trinket , that vintage earthenware goblet -- above all , that authentic bazaar experience -- you can bet your top and bottom dollar you 'll score big at one of the following , one-of-a-kind markets around the world . 1 . FLEA Rose Bowl Flea Market : Los Angeles Every second Sunday of the month , 2,500 vendors and 20,000 hagglers gather outside Pasadena 's storied Rose Bowl to barter over Eames chairs , Richard Pryor memorabilia , antique dental tools , art deco glassware and that autographed Aerosmith bootleg you 've been hunting for . Never mind Hollywood or Venice Beach , here 's the definitive L.A. Experience . A tradition since 1969 . Best buys : Locals flock here for anti-IKEA home furnishing deals they can stuff into a friend 's borrowed pickup . Travelers come for vintage clothing and accessories , cheap 502 Levi 's owned by former B-list celebrities and the best people-watching in Southern California . Know B4 u go : Regular admission , starting at 9 a.m. , costs $ 8 , but you can pay more to get in earlier , starting from 5 a.m. Rose Bowl Flea Market : 1001 Rose Bowl Drive , Pasadena , +1 323 560 7469 ; www.rgcshows.com Also on CNNGo : Quirkiest Souvenirs 2 . FLOATING Tha Kha Floating Market : Ratchaburi , Thailand Every beige-pants-wearing Southeast Asian traveler and their posse of touts flock to the far better known Damnoen Saduak Floating Market . A more authentic option : hiding out with your Canon at this far less touristed aqua-bazaar just ten kilometers away -- where the same colorful chaos of flat boats captained by tough-as-nails Thai women awaits , with rather fewer Rough Guide-reading riffraff . Best buys : Go ahead and score that ripe mangosteen or choice bunch of Malacca grapes . The prime takeaway experience is a hired boat ride along the canals -- and an overnight in one of several homestays in the area . Know B4 u go : Consult the heavens before you arrive . The market is only open six days a month  6 a.m.-noon  in accordance with the Thai lunar calendar . 10 kilometers from Damnoen Saduak market , your best bet is to hire a taxi . Open 6 a.m.-noon weekends only . Also on CNNGo : Most sinful cities in Asia 3 . FISH Tsukiji Central Fish Market : Tokyo "  Lost in Translation " is an I-Can-Read book compared to the incomprehensible scene inside Japan 's biggest seafood market -- a 1,200-stall , hangar-style building on Tokyo Bay packed to the gills with frenzied fishmongers and wholesalers bartering over 2,000-plus tons of marine meat every day . Can a single ocean actually support this place ? Best buys : If you 're a local buyer , choose from more than 450 kinds of seafood . Visitors can feast their eyes on these proceedings  after 9 a.m. when tourists are permitted inside the "  inner " market  and then sample the goods in the "  outer " market 's lineup of top sushi bars . Know B4 u go : The early-morning tuna auction is legendary , and currently restricted to 140 first-come-first-served spectators per day -- who line up at the market 's main info center by 5 a.m. Above Tsukiji Shijo Station on the Oedo Subway Line , or a five-minute walk from Tsukiji Station on the Hibiya Subway Line . The closest rail station is Shimbashi , about 15 minutes ' walk from the market . www.tsukiji-market.or.jp Also on CNNGo : Insider 's guide to Tsukiji fish market 4 . FRENZIED Chandni Chowk : Delhi It 's saying something when a shopping district is routinely called "  incomparable " even by Indian standards . The swarm of spice sellers , masala merchants , paneer pushers , Vishnu figurine hawkers and every other imaginable purveyor and shopkeeper buried in the rickshaw and oxcart traffic of Old Delhi 's timeless commercial artery , Chandni Chowk , erases all doubt that roads like New York 's Canal Streetor L.A. 's Santee Alley are relatively young and tame . Best buys : Pick your specialized alley for clothes , fabrics , jewelry , leather goods or electronics and let the haggling begin . The real headliner here is Delhi street food -- beginning  and ending  with a deep-fried jalebi at the institutional Old and Famous Jalebi Wala on Dariba Kalan Road . Know B4 u go : Duck into the adjacent Red Fort  a palatial-style stronghold and UNESCO World Heritage Site  or the Jama Masjid  India 's largest mosque  to decompress and view two of the subcontinent 's most outstanding architectural achievements . Any rickshaw wallah in the city will take you to Chandni Chowk in north New Delhi for less than $ 5 . Also on CNNGo : 50 reasons why Tokyo is the greatest city 5 . FLOWER Aalsmeer Flower Auction : Aalsmeer , The Netherlands The most only-in-Holland-experience that does n't involve a "  coffeeshop " takes place 16 miles southwest of Amsterdam in the small lakeside town of Aalsmeer -- home of the world 's largest flower auction . About 20 million flowers and more than 13,000 varieties are bartered off in a visitor-friendly warehouse that 's reckoned -- at 990,000 square meters -- to be the third largest in the world . Best buys : If you 're shopping for a cheap spring bouquet , stick with Amsterdam 's Bloemenmarkt . Aalsmeer 's more of a spectator sport where visitors can watch pros bid on football field-size quantities of tulips , gardenias , roses , lilies and gerber daisies before ending up in the site 's souvenir shop for floriculture tchotchkes . Know B4 u go : Get here early . Technically the auction runs until 11 a.m. , but the flower bidding wars hit their stride at around 7 a.m. Take bus 172 from outside Centraal Station , near the Victoria Hotel , which stops right outside the auction warehouse . www.floraholland.com/en/AboutFloraHolland Also on CNNGo : 15 unusual places to spend a night 6 . FESTIVE San Pedro Telmo Antiques Fair : Buenos Aires Officially , this Sunday proceeding -- about 270 stalls and 10,000 pedestrians -- held in the main plaza of historic San Telmo is billed as an antiques fair . Fair enough . But it 's a Buenos Aires-styled antiques fair -- replete with carnivalesque street performers , musicians and impromptu tango performances . Best buys : Old gaucho bolos and bridles , classic tango art and recordings and other Argentine gems you wo n't find elsewhere are for sale in Plaza Dorrego and along the Crafts Walk on Calle Defensa . Know B4 u go : After the vendors start packing up at around 4 p.m. , stick around for the outdoor Milonga , the city 's best free , Sunday evening open-air tango dance party . Dorrego Square , Defensa and Humberto , 1 Buenos Aires ; every Sunday from 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Also on CNNGo : 10 islands for every type of traveler 7 . FREAKISH Sonora Witchcraft Market : Mexico City These three had been dying to come to this market for years . You can only browse through so many buckets of chilies , cactus paddles and piñata stalls at Mercado de la Merced , Mexico City 's top farmers ' market , before it 's time for a jolt of the occult at the neighboring Mercado de Sonora -- a maze of ritualistic , remedy-filled booths that 's collectively been called "  the Walmart of the witch world . " Best buys : It all depends on what you 're trying to attract or repel by spiritual means . The range of healing herbs , love potions , Santería charms , voodoo dolls , tarot-reading luminaries , unorthodox dandruff cures and dried critters is staggering . Know B4 u go : Mercado Sonora is held in sacred regard by a loyal local following . While browsing for snake blood , be respectful with your comments and camera . Avenida Fray Servando Teresa , Venustiano Carranza , Mexico City . Also on CNNGo : Worlds coolest nationalities © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	These one-of-a-kind markets around the world offer unique buys and bargains 2,500 vendors gather every month at the Rose Bowl Flea Market in L.A. The Aalsmeer Flower Auction is the world 's largest with 20 million flowers The Mercado de Sonora has been called "  the Walmart of the witch world "
CNN  -- As "  Duck Dynasty " star Phil Robertson returns from his brief "  hiatus , " he 'll do so to the cheers of some surprising supporters â $ " southern blacks . Robertson was suspended from the A&E hit show for calling homosexuality a sin and equating it to bestiality in a GQ profile . Receiving less attention were his comments that black people were happier before the civil rights movement . Media have focused on two camps in the controversy . On one side are Robertson 's predictable supporters , who include white evangelicals , southern Republican politicians and Fox News . On the opposing team are LBGT activists and progressives . But while Robertson 's comments have roiled members of MSNBC 's black media elite such as Al Sharpton , Melissa Perry and Joy Reid , Robertson has found pockets of support among church-going , middle-class African Americans . Though I grew up in Shreveport , Louisiana , a city a little over an hour 's drive from the Robertson 's empire in West Monroe , I 've spent my adult life in Washington . So when a high school Facebook friend posted a 10-paragraph open letter of support to A&E for Robertson , which was signed "  Everyone who is n't a left wing extremist  AKA your former customer base  , " I was a bit surprised . In my view , Robertson 's comments regarding both homosexuals and African Americans suggest he lacks empathy and the ability to think critically . To be preoccupied with the "  sin " of 3 percent to 6 percent of the population seems as off-base as the idea that a people could be happy with second-class citizenship . My Facebook friend never confirmed penning the letter he posted , which received nearly 50 "  Likes " from other college-educated black professionals and blue-collar types . The comments ranged from analogies , "  Where would we be if Rosa Parks had went to the back of the bus . She had rights , he has rights , " to concern , "  Have you noticed that anything and everything can be said about Christians now . Our beliefs are now wrong and we are outdated . " When two commenters pointed out Robertson 's misguided remarks about black people "  singing " while working the fields , they were quickly rebuffed with , "  From what I heard him say What HE SAW . Are you saying that there are n't blacks who were n't like he said . " Because support for Robertson seemed to be fueled by religious beliefs , I sought some insight from Bishop Larry L. Brandon , pastor of Praise Temple Full Gospel Baptist Church in Shreveport . The bishop explained that though he was "  deeply concerned " with how Robertson expressed his spiritual views on homosexuality , he added , "  I ca n't twist scripture to suit a lifestyle ... I speak the truth in love . " Indeed , Brandon 's position is held most strongly by the black church . A 2013 Pew Research Center poll found that while the percentage of white evangelicals , mainliners and Catholics who believe homosexual behavior is a sin has dropped 4 , 5 , and 14 percentage points , respectively , since a similar poll was conducted in 2003 , the percentage of black Protestants who regard homosexual behavior as a sin has actually increased 5 points to 79 % . Many disagree with Robertson 's portrayal of Jim Crow-era African Americans . Brandon said : "  While I believe Robertson has freedom of speech , I respectfully disagree with his remarks regarding black people . In my humble opinion , while our community has a history of overcoming adversity , making lemons out of lemonade regardless of the difficulty of the situation , one should not mistake our ability to endure with our actually enjoying abuse . " LZ Granderson : "  Duck Dynasty " star 's rights were n't violated Not all of Robertson 's black support is due to religious convictions . Black hunters share a pastime with the Robertson clan . While home for Christmas , an uncle who loves "  Duck Dynasty " shared his perspective with me on camera . Uncle Michael Smith is 53 and has been a hunter all of his adult life . He owns a home , attends church and votes in every election . He honed his hunting skills watching TV outdoorsmen like Roland Martin and Jimmy Houston . For him , "  Duck Dynasty " is an extension of the hunting show genre he loves . Uncle Michael explained Robertson 's comments this way : "  The way  Robertson  talks , it 's old talk ... The new generation is a whole lot different . Everything is out in the open ... The comment  Robertson  made  about homosexuality  probably was taught to him at a young age , but I do believe he just made a mistake . He apologized , so I 'm gon na continue to watch the show if it keeps coming on . " S.E. Cupp : Do n't reject "  Duck Dynasty " family While my uncle was unfazed by Robertson 's comments about black people , some family members were put off . As a child in the late '70s , I had occasion to scale perch , pick bushels of purple-hull peas and use an outhouse . I 've heard kin describe what it 's like to pick cotton  hot and painful  , and they never sounded happy about it , but another story told in my family might explain the "  happy " put-on . Annually , my grandmother recounts my Uncle James ' Christmas Day birth , explaining that because the hospital was understaffed and did n't execute his birth certificate until the next day , his birth date is listed as December 26 . As in past years , someone asked my grandmother why she did n't point out the mistake . Her eyes grew wide , and she shook her head violently . "  No ! You do n't understand , " she tells us . "  I was at Charity Hospital ! Those white doctors did n't talk to us , and we did n't question them . " While my grandmother was in labor , her mother and aunt would wait in a closet-size room reserved for Negroes . Once a black child was born , a nurse would enter the room with her back to its occupants and write on a chalkboard the mother 's name , the baby 's sex and weight , and whether the baby was dead or alive . With a frown , my grandmother added , "  The only thing they ever said to me was , ` Guurl , what you gon ' name this baby ? ' " That my grandmother would not point out such a mistake is unfathomable to her grandchildren and great-grandchildren . We only know of her strength . To us she is the lifelong domestic who birthed nine healthy babies , buried two grown sons and slept in the bed her husband had died in hours earlier . But in her eyes , when she tells this story , I can see her vulnerability , her fear that "  they 'd send me home and not let me come back . " Shannan Hicks , a researcher and storyteller who focuses on the Northern Louisiana post-Jim Crow era , is not surprised that black workers shielded their true feelings from Robertson . "  This was the age of black lynchings . A black person would never have reveled their true self to a white person who looked and talked like Robertson , " Hicks said before referencing the Paul Laurence Dunbar poem that opens with this stanza : We wear the mask that grins and lies , It hides our cheeks and shades our eyes , â $ " This debt we pay to human guile ; With torn and bleeding hearts we smile , And mouth with myriad subtleties . Since my visit home , I 've thought a lot about Brandon 's last comments regarding what he believed to be Robertson 's greatest offense â $ " saying that homosexuals "  wo n't inherit the kingdom of God . " The bishop emphasized : "  Only the Lord has the right to condemn one to hell or lift them to heaven . God is our judge . " Clearly , the big guy has his work cut out for him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yolanda Young .	"  Duck Dynasty " star Phil Robertson returns in new episodes after controversial comments Yolanda Young disagrees with him but says there are pockets of support for show among African Americans She says some believe homosexuality is a sin ; hunters feel an affinity for show Young : Some of my relatives understand , but object to , Robertson 's comments on race
CNN  -- Gunmen killed three police officers in Acapulco , Mexico , early Monday morning in attacks on two police stations , the state news agency Notimex reported . Suspected gang members are handcuffed after a gunbattle in Acapulco , Mexico , on Saturday . The attacks came two days after a ferocious street gunbattle that left 18 people dead , including two soldiers . Mexican soldiers , in trucks and helicopters kept watch over the resort town Monday . Along with swine flu fears , the uptick in violence threatens the tourist economy of Acapulco and other popular resort areas . Witnesses told police that just before 6 a.m. , gunmen armed with AK-47s stepped out of two luxury vehicles , walked toward the police station in the Ciudad Renacimiento neighborhood and began shooting . Acapulco officers Gilberto Reducindo Salazar and Arturo Tonala Aguilar were killed in that incident , according to Notimex . Shortly afterward , at a second local police station , attackers fatally wounded officer Andres Guzman Casiano , Notimex said . A fourth officer was injured . The Guerrero attorney general 's office said the attacks could have been conducted by the same people , as there was a 30-minute gap between them , the state agency reported . It was unknown whether the attacks were connected with Saturday 's shootout , which started when soldiers went to a location called Avenida Rancho Grande in Acapulco on an anonymous tip . They were met by gunfire , according to a statement from Mexico 's Ministry of Defense . Five people were arrested in connection with the shootout . Sixteen gunmen and two soldiers were killed , and nine soldiers were wounded , the statement said . After that incident , authorities seized 36 large-caliber weapons , 13 small-caliber weapons , two grenade launchers , 13 fragmentation grenades , 3,525 rounds of various caliber ammunition , 180 charges and eight vehicles , the ministry said .	Attacks came 2 days after ferocious street gunbattle that left 18 people dead 2 soldiers , 16 suspected gang members killed ; 9 soldiers wounded Saturday Five people arrested in connection with shootout ; authorities seize weapons Mexican soldiers , in trucks and helicopters kept watch over Acapulco on Monday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court , in a 7-2 ruling , upheld Kentucky 's use of lethal injection as a means of executing prisoners , ruling that the method -- used in 35 states -- is properly and humanely applied . The Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that Kentucky 's use of lethal injection is not "  cruel and unusual . " At issue was whether the most common method of capital punishment can cause excruciating pain for death row inmates , violating the Constitution 's ban on "  cruel and unusual punishment " and thereby giving inmates a proper challenge in court . The justices had never directly addressed the fundamental question over the constitutionality of the chemical "  cocktail " of drugs used to execute convicted killers . All but one of the states that perform executions use the three-drug mixture . "  Kentucky has adopted a method of execution believed to be the most humane available , " Chief Justice John Roberts wrote for the majority . "  If administered as intended , that procedure will result in a painless death . " The immediate impact of the ruling is that it will allow states to resume executions , which had been on hold since September while the high court considered this appeal . No executions are scheduled in the next few weeks . The ruling gives guidance to other states , some of which may have to modify their procedures to fall in line with Kentucky 's method and thereby survive judicial scrutiny . Kentucky inmates Ralph Baze and Clyde Bowling Jr. brought suit in federal court three years ago , questioning that state 's three-chemical mixture and the procedures used to administer it . They claim that the first drug , sodium thiopental , which renders the prisoner unconscious , wears off too quickly and that some prisoners are actually awake and able to feel pain as the procedure continues . The second drug , pancuronium bromide , paralyzes all muscle movement and then prevents the condemned person from speaking and expressing awareness of pain , according to the suit , and the third drug , potassium chloride , which induces cardiac arrest , is "  excruciatingly painful in a conscious person . " "  We ... agree that petitioners have not carried their burden of showing that the risk of pain from maladministration of a concededly humane lethal injection protocol , and the failure to adopt untried and untested alternatives , constitute cruel and unusual punishment , " Roberts said . His opinion had the support of only two other justices . Three others agreed with the outcome but wrote separate concurring opinions . Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and David Souter dissented . Ginsburg said Kentucky failed to consider "  readily available safeguards " to ensure inmates were not subject to pain . She urged the state to revise its procedures , which she suggested might create "  an untoward , readily avoidable risk of inflicting severe and unnecessary pain . " Baze , 52 , admits killing Powell County Sheriff Steve Bennett and Deputy Arthur Briscoe in 1992 while the lawmen were trying to serve him with arrest warrants . Bowling was convicted of killing Edward and Tina Earley in Louisville in 1990 . Their 2-year-old son was wounded in the attack in the couple 's dry cleaning business parking lot . Bowling 's lawyers have claimed prosecutorial misconduct and say their client has a low IQ . State officials have said that their lethal-injection procedures are in line with other states and that a doctor is on site and available to provide any pre-execution medical care to the inmate . A Texas inmate was put to death the day the high court accepted the Kentucky cases in late September , but since then , the justices have stepped in and imposed a de facto moratorium nationwide . Only 26 people were executed last year , the lowest total in more than a decade . No executions have taken place this year . The justices spent nearly six months debating the threshold when execution procedures become unconstitutional . Both sides of this politically charged national debate were hoping for clear guidelines from the Supreme Court to help guide capital inmates and the courts . Different states and different judges have applied different standards over whether an inmate can make a challenge to the method of execution . Recent executions in Florida and Ohio were rife with problems , taking much longer than expected when technicians had trouble inserting IVs into the prisoners ' veins . The Supreme Court ruled in 2006 that prisoners could make last-ditch legal challenges to the method of execution , using claims that they would suffer a painful death . "  The question before the court was how much risk of unnecessary pain is too much risk of unnecessary pain under the Constitution , " said Edward Lazarus , an appellate attorney and Supreme Court legal analyst . "  There is evidence to show that this is somewhat of an inhumane way to approach this , but there 's going to be a group of justices who really think we should n't be in the business of micro-managing the death penalty , -LSB- who say -RSB- if state legislatures think that this is OK , that 's going to be fine with us . " The case is Baze and Bowling v. Rees  07-5439  . E-mail to a friend	7-2 ruling , upheld Kentucky 's use of lethal injection "  cocktail " is constitutional High court said Method -- used in some 35 states -- is not "  cruel or unusual " The immediate impact of ruling is that it will allow states to resume executions Recent lethal injection executions in Florida and Ohio had technical problems
CNN  -- New Orleans police have issued arrest warrants for former NFL star Darren Sharper and another man in connection with the alleged rapes of two women . Sharper , 38 , and Erik Nunez , 26 , each face two counts of aggravated rape , the Orleans Parish district attorney 's office said in a statement . Sharper and Nunez face the possibility of life without parole if convicted . CNN reached out to an attorney for Sharper and to Nunez , but neither immediately returned messages seeking comment . Sharper has also been charged in California with two counts of rape by use of drugs and other charges , according to Los Angeles County prosecutors . He pleaded not guilty last week . "  Mr. Sharper must stay in Los Angeles County , " a judge said at a bail hearing . Judge Renee Korn set Sharper 's bail at $ 1 million and ordered him to stay away from venues that sold alcohol as a primary item . Prosecutors in Louisiana said the two alleged rapes occurred on September 23 in a New Orleans apartment . The alleged rapes in California occurred in October and last month , authorities said . Prosecutors there said the five-time Pro Bowl player , who became an NFL Network analyst , is also under investigation in Arizona and Nevada . Tempe , Arizona , police say they expect to file charges against Sharper soon . "  We have nothing yet . We anticipate filing charges very shortly and we are still waiting on a couple of results from the crime lab , " said Sgt. Mike Pooley . In addition , a Florida woman last month filed a sexual battery complaint in Miami Beach against Sharper relating to a 2012 incident , a police report said . According to the report , the woman was with two friends at a Miami Beach club in September or October 2012 when she met Sharper . The woman , her friends and another person went to Sharper 's condo , where the woman claims the battery took place . Miami Beach police are investigating the case , Miami Beach Detective Vivian Hernandez said last week . One of Sharper 's lawyers disputed all the rape allegations last week at his hearing . "  It was all consensual contact with women who wanted to be in his company , " Leonard Levine said . Sharper played for the Green Bay Packers , Minnesota Vikings and New Orleans Saints from 1997 through the 2010 season . CNN 's Suzanne Presto , Michael Martinez and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	Darren Sharper now faces rape charges in two states The former NFL star faces two counts in New Orleans of aggravated rape A second man , Erik Nunez , also faces the same charges in Louisiana An attorney for Sharper previously has said his client engaged in "  consensual contact "
CNN  -- For a time Monday if you looked up the Wikipedia entry on John Brooks , this is what you 'd find : "  John Anthony Brooks , Jr. referred to as John Brooks  born January 28 , 1993 in Berlin  is a German-American footballer . He is the greatest American since Abraham Lincoln . " If you had n't heard his name before , you certainly have now : John Brooks is the 21-year-old who came in as a substitute into the USA vs Ghana game Monday , and scored a header to keep America 's hope alive in the World Cup in Brazil . His 86th minute goal was sweet payback against Ghana -- a team that dashed America 's hopes in the last two World Cups . Here 's what you need to know about America 's new hero : He straddles two cultures Each of Brooks ' elbows sport a tattoo . On the left is an outline of Berlin , with a star marking the neighborhood he grew up in . The state of Illinois covers his right , with a star representing Chicago , his father 's hometown . And while he has relatives stateside , his main attachments are in Berlin where his mother 's from , he said in his U.S. Soccer video portrait . "  My mom , it 's the most important person in my life . " His American father , a serviceman , has moved on to Switzerland . He is bilingual Brooks mixes it up on Twitter and Facebook with posts in English and in German , and sometimes in both -- like the one he wrote about his nomination for the U.S. team . "  Happy to be called into the preliminary USMNT roster ! Will work hard to be part of it ! - Glücklich über meine Nominierung für die US Nationalmannschaft ! Werde mein bestes geben um dabei zu sein ! " His video portrait on U.S. Soccer 's website is heavily edited , sometimes in mid-sentence , and his German accent comes through at times , but he says he 's proud to be part of the U.S. team . "  It was a big dream to come to this team . It 's an honor to wear this jersey , " he said . He made history Monday Brooks was n't in the starting lineup for Monday 's game against nemesis Ghana . But he was called into service when Matt Besler complained of hamstring problems -- and the coach did n't want to take chances . Brooks goal was one for the record books . He 's the first substitute in U.S. soccer history to score in a World Cup match . He seems to leave an impression Just like Monday , he made a grand entrance during his first game with Hertha BSC , after the Berlin team he plays for ascended from the minors to the major league . Brooks scored a goal in his first game of the season in August . Then , he rushed to the airport to make his first U.S. national team match . He 's part of a German presence on Team USA Brooks is not the only German national soccer league player to make the jump across the Atlantic to kick for the U.S. national team . Four more have joined him on this World Cup journey on a soccer Mayflower of sorts . When Jürgen Klinsmann , a household name in German soccer , took over as U.S. coach , he went shopping for quality talent made in Germany -- with a U.S. passport . In addition to Brooks , the team boasts Jermaine Jones , Timothy Chandler , Julian Green and Fabian Johnson -- all of them U.S.-German dual nationals . This will make for a particularly interesting game next week , when the United States team faces soccer powerhouse Germany in the coastal resort town of Recife . If you hear someone on the U.S. team scream "  Tor !! " after a score ... ... well , that 's German for "  Goal !! " for Team USA . World Cup : Ronaldo and Portugal humbled as Germany runs riot 5 things : What to watch for Tuesday at the World Cup	The 21-year-old German-American came in as a substitute into the USA vs Ghana game He scored a header in the final minutes to snatch the victory He was born and raised in Berlin and posts to Twitter in both English and German He is one of a handful of German pro soccer players on team U.S.A.
CNN  -- Two teenage high school students in Georgia face misdemeanor public indecency charges after a sex act allegedly was performed during lunch in the school cafeteria , a school official told CNN . The alleged incident occurred October 10 at Etowah High School in Woodstock , nearly 35 miles north of Atlanta . "  A female student allegedly made a sexual offer to a male classmate during lunch , " Barbara Jacoby , a spokeswoman for the high school told CNN in a statement Wednesday . "  The male classmate later told administrators that he thought this offer was a joke , but when the female student began to act upon it , the male student said he stopped her , " Jacoby said . The incident was recorded on the cell phone of at least two students , according to Jacoby , who said there is no evidence to suggest the video was shared or viewed by other students . CNN spoke to an unidentified student at the school who said the video was shared and viewed beyond the group involved . At least seven boys and one girl were involved , with one of the boys "  daring " the girl to perform the act , the student said . But Jacoby said the students who recorded the incident on Wednesday reiterated to authorities that they deleted the video "  after realizing they might face charges for possessing it and did not distribute it . " She also told CNN that talk of distribution of the video was rumor . School officials who were present in the cafeteria at the time of the alleged incident became aware that something had happened after students began talking among each other about what happened , the student told CNN . Jacoby said students sitting at a cafeteria table "  blocked other students and staff from witnessing what occurred . " " -LSB- School officials are in the cafeteria -RSB- but they usually just stand in the middle to make sure nobody leaves the cafeteria , but I guess they do n't really monitor , " one Etowah High School student told CNN affiliate WSB-TV . "  Appropriate school disciplinary action will occur for all students ; the details of that action can not be disclosed due to student privacy laws , " Jacoby said . CNN 's Divina Mims contributed to this report .	Two high school students face charges after alleged sex act Incident at Georgia cafeteria was recorded on cell phones Question over whether video was shared by others
CNN  -- Gordon Willis , the cinematographer whose expert use of light and shadow on such films as "  The Godfather " and "  Manhattan " earned him the nickname "  The Prince of Darkness , " has died . He was 82 . Richard Crudo , president of the American Society of Cinematographers , confirmed Willis ' death to CNN . "  Gordon was one of the undisputed giants of the industry . He not only changed the way movies look , he changed the way the world looks at movies , " Crudo said in a statement . "  His work on ` The Godfather ' in 1972 and ` The Godfather Part II ' in 1974 made everything we now accept as superlative cinematography possible . His influence over subsequent generations of artists will continue for all time . He will be sorely missed . " Indeed , Willis ' handiwork helped set the tone for the 1970s "  New Hollywood " renaissance -- led by directors such as Francis Ford Coppola , William Friedkin and Martin Scorsese -- and could have an incredible impact on his films . On "  The Godfather "  1972  , Coppola 's epic gangster saga , Willis ' dimly photographed , almost sepia-colored rooms and bright outdoors scenes added both historical shading and ominous mood-setting to what was intended to be a quickie take on Mario Puzo 's bestselling book . Woody Allen 's "  Manhattan , " on the other hand , is a love letter to New York . There are few openings more thrilling than "  Manhattan 's , " which pairs Willis ' photography of the city with George Gershwin 's "  Rhapsody in Blue . " "  He adored New York City . ... He romanticized it all out of proportion , " Allen narrates , and the effect is transcendent . In a film such as "  All the President 's Men "  1976  , Willis ' cinematography was a literal illustration of the battle between the forces of light -- note the almost painfully bright Washington Post newsroom -- and darkness , as in the scenes in which Robert Redford meets Deep Throat in the gloomy parking garage . Jeff Cronenweth , the cinematographer for such David Fincher films as "  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo "  2011  and "  The Social Network "  2010  , noted that Willis was among a group  which included Cronenweth 's father , Jordan  that changed American cinema . My father 's peer group "  made the most headway of anybody : Conrad Hall and Gordon Willis and Vilmos Zsigmond and Owen Roizman . They came out of what was still pretty archaic , and they  made the most of  developing technology and color film , all the new tricks , " he told CNN in 2012 . Amazingly , Willis never won a competitive Oscar and was nominated just twice , for Allen 's "  Zelig "  1983  and Coppola 's "  The Godfather Part III "  1990  . He was awarded an honorary Oscar in 2009 for "  unsurpassed mastery of light , shadow , color and motion . " He was a perfectionist who knew exactly what he wanted . "  On every movie I shot , I maintained strict developing and printing control -- everything was printed on one light , " Willis told American Cinematographer magazine . "  I lit and exposed things at the level I wanted to be perceived on the screen ; if you do n't do that , anyone can decide what your work is supposed to look like , and I never believed in giving the studios that kind of flexibility . " Willis ' other films included "  The Paper Chase "  1973  , "  The Godfather Part II "  1974  , "  The Parallax View "  1974  , "  Annie Hall "  1977  and "  Presumed Innocent "  1988  . Photos : People we 've lost in 2014	Gordon Willis was cinematographer on "  Godfather " films , many Woody Allen works Willis was known as "  The Prince of Darkness " for his use of shadow He won an honorary Oscar for "  unsurpassed mastery of light , shadow , color and motion "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israeli military said Monday that it has suspended an officer who was caught on video striking a pro-Palestinian activist in the face . In a statement , the military described the incident as severe and promised that the circumstances would be investigated and "  the necessary measures carried out . " Video of the incident , which took place Saturday near the West Bank city of Jericho , shows a group of Israeli soldiers attempting to prevent a group of dozens of bicycle-riding activists from passing . One of the activists is next to an Israeli soldier , who suddenly hits the young man in the face with an M-16 rifle . The man falls to the ground and is quickly dragged away by his peers . The video was posted to You Tube on Sunday by a pro-Palestinian advocacy group . He was treated in a Palestinian hospital for light injuries . For reasons of security , when contacted by phone the injured activist would provide only his first name , which he said was Andaers . He said he was participating in a bicycle tour through the Jordan River Valley organized to bring attention to the Israeli military occupation of the West Bank . When his group encountered a military roadblock , Andaers said , he and a few other bikers decided to move peacefully toward the soldiers . "  We walked slowly towards them ; the immediate response as you see from the video was violence . " Andaers said . "  One senior officer took off his rifle and beat three people , including myself . " Andaers said that "  there was no justification for the violence " and that he was considering legal action . The video prompted a quick and emphatic response from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who said in a statement Sunday , "  This behaviour does not characterize the soldiers and commanders of the  Israeli Defense Forces  and has no place in the IDF and the State of Israel . " The officer has been identified as Lt. Col. Shalom Eisner , who served as commander for soldiers in the West Bank . Israeli military spokeswoman Lt. Col. Avital Leibovich said the officer 's actions were not in line with military training and did "  not bide with the ethical code and the moral values that we teach our soldiers and commanders " but suggested that the video did not tell the whole story . "  It was an illegal riot trying to block a road , " Leibovich said of the activists . The video , she maintained , represented an edited 30 seconds of a 120-minute-long event in which the officer in question had his hand broken by stick-wielding protesters . "  I 'm not sure the violence of the event was conveyed in those 30 seconds , " she said . Bader Zama ` reh , the director of Sharek Youth Forum , which organized the bicycle event , rejected the Israeli military 's characterization . "  This was not a protest ; this was a peaceful march , " Zama ` reh said . "  They have overreacted to everything they did . This was a peaceful activity . The youth had bicycles and wanted to ride . "	Tape of Saturday 's incident shows soldiers attempting to block activists One young man is shown being hit in face with a rifle Israeli military says incident will be investigated Video does n't tell the whole story , military says
CNN  -- The Russian army has ceased ordering the famed Kalashnikov rifle for its arsenal and is waiting on a newer model its manufacturer is developing . The army already has more of the weapons than it requires , Chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces of Russia Nikolai Makarov told Russian media . The inventor of the weapon , Mikhail Kalashnikov , 91 , has reportedly been deliberately kept uninformed about the decision . "  We do not want to have it on our conscience and tell him such bad news . He might not live through it , " Russia 's Izvestia newspaper quoted an unnamed friend of Kalashnikov as saying . The legendary weapon , known for its simplicity of operation and maintenance and reliability in extreme conditions -- be they hot , cold , wet or sandy -- has been the weapon of choice for national armies and paramilitary guerrillas alike . Instantly recognizable by its banana-shaped ammunition magazine , the weapon , also known as the AK-47 , was invented in 1947 -- AK being a Russian acronym for "  Kalashnikov 's machine gun , " and 47 standing for the year it was invented . The AK-47 , along with its various modifications , has been recognized in the Guinness World Records book as being the world 's most common machine gun . Licensed and unlicensed versions of the rifle are manufactured in several countries . According to the weapon 's manufacturer Izhmash , the rifle is still adopted by armed and special forces in over 100 countries . The weapon was so instrumental in Mozambique 's successful rebel movement that its image was incorporated into the national flag . It is also depicted as part of Zimbabwe 's coat of arms . In 2009 , Kalashnikov told a CNN crew on an excursion to the Izhmash arms assembly plant in the Russian city of Izhevsk that two main qualities describe his machine gun : simplicity and reliability . "  It is a thousand times harder to make simple things than complicated ones , " he said . "  It is very important because a soldier does n't have university degrees . He needs a simple and reliable weapon . Just as an academic , for that matter , in a combat situation . There 's simply no time to figure how to operate a complicated weapon and press many buttons when the enemy is advancing on you . " When Kalashnikov turned 90 in 2009 , the day was celebrated in Russia on a scale akin to a national holiday . He was decorated by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev with the country 's highest order , the Hero of Russia . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko and Mike Sefanov contributed to this story .	Russian army has surplus of Kalashnikovs and is waiting on a newer model The rifle is the weapon of choice for national armies and paramilitary guerrillas alike The Kalashnikov is highly regarded for its simplicity of operation and reliability The weapon was designed in 1947 by Mikhail Kalashnikov
CNN  The trailer for "  Mission : Impossible 5 " is out , offering the first glimpse of the latest installment in the action-packed franchise . Tom Cruise is back in the role of spy Ethan Hunt in "  Mission : Impossible Rogue Nation , " which hits theaters July 13 . Cruise shared news of the trailer 's release Sunday on Twitter . The film was originally scheduled for release next winter . Paramount moved up the release date to July 31 to get a head start on this year 's anticipated action flicks , including the next Bond movie , Variety said in January . The trailer promises the outlandish stunt work we 've come to expect from the franchise : Cruise hanging off the side of a moving vehicle , a motorcycle chase and Cruise jumping off a building Co-stars Simon Pegg , Jeremy Renner and Ving Rhames return , and Alec Baldwin joins the cast .	Tom Cruise shares trailer for "  Mission : Impossible Rogue Nation " Sunday on Twitter
When Hillary Clinton joins candidates across the country , there is a standard formula for those introducing her : Rev up the crowd , tout candidates on the ballot , speak positively about Hillary Clinton . It appears Sen. Elizabeth Warren did n't get the message . When Warren and Clinton both stumped for Martha Coakley , Massachusetts ' Democratic candidate , in Boston on Friday , Warren barely mentioned the former secretary of state . "  Happy to welcome Secretary Clinton back to the commonwealth , " Warren said , firing up the crowd . "  We love it ! " Warren has seen an uptick in speculation that she will run for president lately . While the senator has said she is n't running for president , she has left the door open and has continually dodged question about Clinton . The reason : If Warren were to run , she would likely face Clinton , the former secretary of state is widely seen as the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination . Related : Warren tells CNN Democrats must ` stand up and fight ' Clinton , by comparison , was effusive in her praise of Warren , the pride of many liberals because of her commitment to take on Wall Street and big banks . Clinton labeled Warren "  the passionate champion for working people and middle class families . " "  I love watching Elizabeth , " Clinton added , touting her ability to "  you know , give it those who deserve to get it . " Compare what Warren said about Clinton with how other members of the Senate have introduced Clinton recently . "  Hillary is a hero to me and too so many others , " said Sen. Al Franken at an event with Clinton on Thursday . "  People admire Hillary because she spent her life fighting for economic and social justice . " Franken then made the praise personal : "  And I would add she is funny . By the way , I am not saying that because I want to pay her a nice compliment . I would n't say it if I did n't mean it . ... Hillary is truly , truly funny . " Sen. Mark Udall , who is running for reelection in Colorado , all but endorsed Clinton for president earlier this week while introducing her . "  We hope she is going to come back over the next few years , " he said to a roaring crowd , before touting Clinton 's record of fighting for workers "  all over the world . " Clinton struck a populist tone during her appearance with Warren and Coakley . She spoke about trickle down economics , telling the audience that the concept "  should be confined to the trashbin of history . " "  Do n't let anybody tell you that raising the minimum wage will kill jobs , " Clinton said . "  Do n't let anybody tell you that it 's corporations and businesses that create jobs . " Clinton was in Massachusetts for her first event of a busy day in the Northeast . After endorsing Coakley - who a recent poll finds her behind Republican challenger Charlie Baker - the former first lady travels to Rhode Island and Maine to endorse Democratic gubernatorial candidates .	Hillary Clinton was effusive in her praise of Warren on Friday "  I love watching Elizabeth , " Clinton said , labeling Warren a "  passionate champion for working people " By comparison Warren offered this about Clinton : "  Happy to welcome Secretary Clinton back to the commonwealth " If both women run for president , they would face each other in the Democratic primary
CNN  -- Here are reactions to the posting on WikiLeaks.org of tens of thousands of leaked U.S. military and diplomatic reports on the war in Afghanistan : Afghanistan : "  The Afghan government is shocked with the report that has opened the reality of the Afghan war , " said Siamak Herawi , a government spokesman . Herawi focused on the allegation that Pakistan was secretly supporting al Qaeda and asserted that Washington needs to deal with the Pakistani intelligence agency , known as the ISI . "  There should be serious action taken against the ISI , who has a direct connection with the terrorists , " he said . "  These reports show that the U.S. was already aware of the ISI connection with the al Qaeda terrorist network . The United States is overdue on the ISI issue , and now the United States should answer . " Pakistan : In a statement , Pakistan 's foreign office said Monday that the documents are "  misplaced , skewed and contrary to the factual position on the ground . " "  The people of Pakistan and its security forces , including the ISI , have rendered enormous sacrifices against militancy and terrorism . Our contributions have been acknowledged by the international community , in particular by the United States . As underlined by the U.S. national security adviser in his statement on Wikileaks yesterday , the ongoing counterterrorism cooperation between Pakistan and the -LSB- United States -RSB- will continue with a view to defeating our common enemies . " Lt. Gen. Hamid Gul , the former head of Pakistan 's intelligence service who is mentioned numerous times in the WikiLeaks documents , called the accusations that Pakistan was secretly supporting al Qaeda lies . Qamar Zaman Kaira , Pakistan 's federal information minister , said allegations against the ISI are "  baseless . " "  If someone has any evidence , it should be brought to us , and we will take action , " he said . "  The Pakistani military , especially the ISI , has sacrificed more than any other forces in the war on terrorism . " A spokesman for Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari , Farahnaz Ispahani , said the "  unsubstantiated leaks " based on uncorroborated "  one-sided reports ... will not deter the Pakistani government 's commitment to the eradication of terrorism , peace with our neighbors and stability in the region . " Husain Haqqani , Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , issued a statement Sunday saying the reports "  do not reflect the current onground realities . " Rather , they "  reflect nothing more than single source comments and rumors , which abound on both sides of the Pakistan-Afghanistan border and are often proved wrong after deeper examination , " Haqqani 's statement said . "  Pakistan 's government under the democratically elected leadership of President Zardari and Prime Minister -LSB- Yousuf Raza -RSB- Gilani is following a clearly laid out strategy of fighting and marginalizing terrorists , and our military and intelligence services are effectively executing that policy , " the statement said . United States : Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , said in a statement that some of the documents "  reinforce a longstanding concern of mine about the supporting role of some Pakistani officials in the Afghan insurgency . " Levin , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , said he had "  strongly urged the Pakistanis to take forceful action against militant networks using Pakistan as a base to attack Afghanistan and our troops . " But he said Obama 's new strategy "  has yielded some tangible improvements in preparing Afghanistan to take responsibility for its own security . " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs called the documents ' release "  a breach of federal law " and said that an investigation into the source of the leak was initiated before late last week . But , he told reporters , "  I do n't think that what is being reported has n't in many ways been publicly discussed -- whether by you or by representatives of the U.S. government -- for quite some time . " Asked about the leak , he said , "  There is no doubt that this is a concerning development in operational security . " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Monday that the release would not affect a $ 33 billion war supplemental vote , to be held this week . "  A lot of it predates the president 's new policy , " she said . Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D-Ohio , who is co-sponsoring a bill that would direct President Obama to remove U.S. forces from Pakistan , said the documents "  provide a fuller picture of what we have long known about Afghanistan : The war is going badly . " He added , "  It is not the leak of documents that endangers the lives of American troops and our allies , it is the belief that occupying Afghanistan will make us safer . Congress must say no to war funding , bring our troops home and invest in the American recovery . " Sen. Kit Bond , vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , called the release of the documents "  shocking . " "  The damage to our national security caused by leaks like this wo n't stop until we see more perpetrators in orange jumpsuits , " the Missouri Republican said in a statement . The senator stressed that the leak underscores the need to start taking more seriously the threat to national security that leaks cause . Bond pointed out that this is not a new problem : The bipartisan September 11 Commission found that national security was threatened by widespread leaks of classified information . This point was emphasized by former CIA Director Michael Hayden , who testified before Congress that because of leaks , the U.s. effectively has applied "  Darwinian Theory " to terrorists : catching only the dumb ones . National Security Adviser Gen. James Jones issued a statement Sunday condemning the documents ' release . "  These irresponsible leaks will not impact our ongoing commitment to deepen our partnerships with Afghanistan and Pakistan ; to defeat our common enemies ; and to support the aspirations of the Afghan and Pakistani people , " the statement said . The Department of Defense will not comment on them until the Pentagon has had a chance to look at them , a department official said . Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , issued a statement Sunday saying that the documents -- regardless of how they came to light -- "  raise serious questions about the reality of America 's policy toward Pakistan and Afghanistan . " House Armed Services Committee Chairman Ike Skelton , D-Missouri , issued a statement saying : "  I am extremely concerned about the manner in which these documents were leaked and with the recklessness of WikiLeaks in posting them . Our nation 's secrets are classified for a reason , and the release of classified documents could put our national security -- and the lives of our men and women in combat -- at serious risk . "  These leaked documents , while troubling , appear to support what I was asserting for years : The war in Afghanistan was not going well , and we needed a real strategy for success . For nearly a decade under the previous administration , our brave war fighters were under-resourced and lacked the direction of a clear strategy . Under the new counterinsurgency strategy implemented earlier this year , we now have the pieces in place to turn things around . These leaked reports pre-date our new strategy in Afghanistan and should not be used as a measure of success or a determining factor in our continued mission there . "  Additionally , some of these documents implicate Pakistan in aiding the Taliban and fueling the insurgency in Afghanistan . It is critical that we not use outdated reports to paint a picture of the cooperation of Pakistan in our efforts in Afghanistan . Since these reports were issued , Pakistan has significantly stepped up its fight against the Taliban , including efforts that led to the capture of the highest ranking member of the Taliban since the start of the war . The Pakistani military has also been in combat for more than a year against its country 's own Taliban , which is aligned with al Qaeda and the Afghan Taliban attacking American forces and our NATO allies . While we still have concerns about Pakistan 's efforts against the Afghan Taliban , there is no doubt that there have been significant improvements in its overall effort . " Britain : UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said : "  I have not seen those -LSB- reports -RSB- in detail , but they should not be damaging the international efforts . We saw last week in Afghanistan the huge progress that is being made and the phenomenal challenges that are still in front of us in Afghanistan . But the fact that a good deal of progress is being made in building up the capacity of the Afghan state and Afghanistan working together with so many nations in the world . I hope any leaks will not poison that atmosphere , and I do not think they will . " WikiLeaks ' founder Julian Assange said the documents are "  legitimate , " but he added that it is important not to take their contents at face value . "  We publish CIA reports all the time that are legitimate CIA reports . That does n't mean the CIA is telling the truth , " he said . "  Similarly , with this material , there is reporting from military units of various kinds , in Afghanistan , U.S. embassies across the world , about matters relevant to Afghanistan . ... Those are legitimate reports , " he said . "  It does n't mean the contents are true . " CNN 's Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	NEW : Levin credits Obama strategy with "  tangible improvements " Pelosi says leak wo n't affect funding vote White House spokesman calls release "  a breach of federal law " Pakistan calls the documents "  misplaced , skewed "
CNN  The United Arab Emirates on Tuesday resumed its participation in airstrikes against ISIS , the country said -- its first publicly known foray against the terror group since it reportedly suspended attacks over concerns about pilot safety . UAE F-16s stationed in Jordan took part in morning attacks and returned safely to base , the UAE military said without saying where the strikes happened . A U.S.-led coalition has been conducting airstrikes against ISIS in Syria and Iraq , where the Sunni Muslim extremist group has captured territory for what it calls its Islamic caliphate . The UAE halted its participation in the strikes in December because leaders were worried there were insufficient plans to save personnel who may be captured , a senior U.S. military official told CNN . The safety issue was highlighted by the case of Jordanian military pilot Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh , whom ISIS captured in December after his jet crashed in Syria . Last week , ISIS released a video showing its fighters burning al-Kasasbeh to death . A representative of the UAE government told CNN that no comment would be offered about the airstrike suspension . ISIS declared it had established a caliphate spanning Iraq and Syria last year . Since then , it has gone on a murderous rampage that has included beheadings of foreigners . There are about 20,000 fighters in Syria who belong to terror groups such as ISIS , the director of the National Counterterrorism Center will tell a House committee on Wednesday , according to remarks obtained by CNN . "  The United States and our allies are increasingly concerned with the more than 20,000 foreign fighters who have traveled to Syria from over 90 different countries , " Nick Rasmussen plans to tell the Homeland Security Committee . That is 1,000 higher than the number of foreign fighters in an estimate given by intelligence officials in January . The numbers of Westerners -- 3,400 -- and Americans -- 150 -- who have gone to Syria are similar to numbers given by officials in recent months . Hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and Syrians have fled areas ISIS has seized . The United States , along with European and Arab nations , began airstrikes against the terror group last summer . Kurdish fighters have captured three important bridgeheads on the Tigris River near the northern Iraqi city of Mosul , developments that further restricts ISIS ' movement outside Iraq 's second-largest municipality , U.S. military and Kurdish officials said Tuesday . ISIS took control of Mosul in June . But Kurdish ground forces , as well as airstrikes from the U.S.-led coalition , recently have tried to cut off Mosul 's lines of supply to ISIS in Syria , setting up what could be an eventual assault by the Iraqi military later this year to expel the terror group from the city . The three captured bridgeheads are on the west bank of the Tigris north of Mosul , U.S. Central Command and Kurdish officials said . Besides hindering ISIS ' movement outside the city , the Kurds ' gains would protect key points through which an operation to liberate Mosul could take place . Mosul is a predominantly Arab city , though the Kurds have an autonomous region to the north and east . Few expect the Kurds to be involved in clearing Mosul of ISIS -- that would be a job for Iraqi government security forces . But with Mosul so close to their territory , the Kurds do have an interest in choking off ISIS and preventing them from advancing . Kurdish fighters battle equipment woes as well as ISIS in northern Iraq Iraqi ground forces could begin a move to retake the city as soon as April , a U.S. Central Command official told CNN last week . Tuesday 's developments come three days after heavy coalition airstrikes around Mosul -- part of what Kurdish fighters said was the heaviest day of bombardment they had witnessed there . A CNN crew , watching from Kurdish positions on Mount Zartak to the east of Mosul on Saturday , heard more than a dozen detonations in the direction of the city . CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , Phil Black and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Official will tell congressional hearing that Syrian foreign fighters have grown to 20,000 F-16s stationed in Jordan conduct strikes against ISIS , the UAE says Kurds say they 've taken key bridgeheads near Mosul , Iraq
CNN  -- I 'm writing about some changes we need to make in the wake of the horrible school shootings in Sandy Hook . Now stop . Take two deep breaths . Stop . Do n't race to the bottom of the screen to leave a comment repeating the same statements you 've made after every such shooting in your life . We have the same conversation each time . We say things that alienate our friends on Facebook . Or we get affirmative agreement from our family members . And nothing changes . Here 's the good news : There are specific , meaningful policy guidelines we can adopt as a country that nearly everyone agrees with across the political spectrum . We 'll never eliminate unexpected violence , but a small number of changes could save thousands of lives . Will Newtown change America 's attitude toward guns ? I 've shared two key ideas with more than half a million people across a variety of social networks online in recent days , and even over this incredibly stressful weekend with such passionate feelings behind everyone 's words , I 've heard nearly universal consensus on implementing these two changes . 1 . Mental health screenings before gun purchases . Because everyone in America will have health coverage next year , we can ask for a simple , straightforward clean bill of mental health before a person can buy a gun . Just like we ask drivers to take an eye test before hitting the road , we should do the same when someone wants to buy a gun . The most passionate target shooters , hunters and self-defense enthusiasts I know all agree : There are often warning signs in the boys and young men who usually carry out these acts of mass violence , and broadly implemented tests could reduce the number of them who have access to guns , without affecting any of the hundreds of millions of safe , responsible gun owners in America . While law enforcement officials say that the guns used in Newtown had been bought legally by Adam Lanza 's mother , there are instances when rampage shooters have acquired guns illegally . And we are talking here about areas for broad agreement . A place to start . Which brings us to the second key idea . 2 . More accountable gun distribution and retailing . Since the earliest days of our country , guns have been relatively readily available , and there 's no need to compromise that to improve the safety of our gun distribution infrastructure . Instead , we can look at weak points in gun distribution through which guns go from legal manufacturers to illegal use . Gun shows that require only a brief in-person event with no live-fire training to qualify for a purchase permit , or that allow bulk purchase of weapons disrespect the care and dedication with which most gun owners teach themselves and their children . Again , a few simple changes requiring proof of real safety , such as shooting lessons before buying a weapon just makes common sense , not only to prevent irresponsible gun distribution , but to ensure that future generations of gun owners obey the traditions of the hundreds of years of millions of thoughtful , smart gun owners in America . Lawmakers seem prepared to take on gun control Now stop . If you 're like most Americans , you already have some canned response ready . You want to talk about a slippery slope or how guns do n't kill people , people do . Or you want to rant about how barbaric and foolish gun owners are and how the Second Amendment was written in a totally different period in history . Two deep breaths . We 've all heard all this before . When you fall back into those tired cliches , you put us back in the cycle where no progress happens . You put us back into a cycle where the responsible gun owners who do n't mind some minor changes to encourage upholding the American tradition of safe shooting get stuck feeling defensive against the condescension of people who 've never fired a gun . You put us back into a cycle where hundreds of millions of thoughtful opponents of the proliferation of lethal weapons in the hands of unstable people are forced to stand in disbelief as people tell them that these kinds of tragedies are somehow inherently American and thus ca n't be prevented . When I shared these two simple ideas with about half a million people across a few social networks , at first people responded out of habit , with extremists ranting about fantasies of armed insurrection against the government or of hundreds of millions of guns being melted down . Analysis : Guns and the law But once they read what we 're actually saying , hundreds of people , from across the political spectrum , came together and agreed on these principles , that a few simple ideas can make a big difference . I 've seen gun-owning Obama voters in the hip hop industry who agree with prominent Romney supporters in the financial industry who would never bring a gun into their home , with all in favor of a few common-sense guidelines . We know we can fix things because we 've made huge progress already . America is a far less violent country that it used to be . Violent crime overall is lower than it has been in decades . The reality is , the overwhelming majority of Americans kids are safe . But dozens of our kids are shot every week , so we have to do better . And just as we 've made so much progress on so many intractable problems , we can fix this one , too . Step away from the usual rehearsed responses . Stop demonizing your fellow Americans , your fellow countrymen who love their kids as much as you do . Instead , start . Start with two simple ideas . And start by talking to someone who disagrees with you overall on all the big issues around guns and violence in our society , and see if you ca n't agree on these two points . We wo n't solve the whole problem , but at long , long last , we 'll make a small bit of meaningful progress , and will have a policy that our representatives across the political spectrum can unite behind . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anil Dash .	Anil Dash : People revert to old arguments on gun control , but there are 2 areas of agreement He says in social network chats people agree : gun buyers should have mental health test He says other area of agreement includes examining gun distribution channels Dash : Stop demonizing the other side of the issue ; just start with these two simple ideas
CNN  -- The new seven wonders of the world were named Saturday following an online vote that generated server-crushing traffic in its final hours . The Great Wall of China was among the top vote-getters of the "  New 7 Wonders of the World " project . The final tally produced this list of the world 's top human-built wonders : • The Great Wall of China • Petra in Jordan • Brazil 's statue of Christ the Redeemer • Peru 's Machu Picchu • Mexico 's Chichen Itza pyramid • The Colosseum in Rome • India 's Taj Mahal Before the vote ended Friday , organizers said more than 90 million votes had been cast for 21 sites . Watch the contenders and controversy surrounding the ` new ' seven wonders " Voting at the Web site , www.new7wonders.com , ended at 6 p.m. ET Friday . Traffic was so heavy Friday that the site was crashing at times . One message urged voters to use text messages as an alternative form of voting . "  Keep on voting , as it is your votes that decide the New 7 Wonders of the World , " the message said . "  We have traffic that is simply off the scale , " Tia Vering , spokeswoman for the "  New 7 Wonders of the World " campaign , told CNN.com . "  Things are just going ballistic . " The new wonders were announced at a star-studded event Saturday in Lisbon , Portugal , that featured performances by Jennifer Lopez and Chaka Khan . The event was hosted by Oscar winners Hilary Swank and Ben Kingsley as well as Bollywood star Bipasha Basu . Send CNN.com photos and video of your favorite "  wonder " The top contenders for the seven wonders were last made public in early June . The oldest candidate was Britain 's Stonehenge ; the newest was Australia 's Sydney Opera House . The U.S. Statue of Liberty also was among the choices . Voting nearly doubled after the June results , when organizers said about 50 million votes had been cast . A single user can cast multiple votes . To be considered for the competition , all structures had to be built or discovered before 2000 . All are among top tourist attractions around the world . Of the seven ancient wonders of the world , only one remains standing today , the Pyramids of Giza in Egypt . Some nations have enthusiastically endorsed the new wonders campaign . Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and Jordan 's Queen Rania actively promoted their countries ' hopefuls . But the new wonders campaign has n't been universally recognized . The United Nations ' cultural organization , UNESCO , issued a statement saying it has "  no link whatsoever " to the vote . Egypt 's top antiquities expert also objected to the list . He said Egypt 's pyramids are a "  symbol of the genius of the ancient people " -- and are above any sort of online poll . As a result , the organizers struck up a compromise . The pyramids have been assured honorary status , in addition to the new seven wonders . The new wonders project was the brainchild of Swiss businessman Bernard Weber . He said he wanted to invite the people of the world to take part in selecting the world 's greatest wonders . "  So that everybody can decide what the new seven wonders should be and not some government , not some individuals , not some institutions , " he said . Vering said she believes the vote has accomplished that goal . "  We 've managed to bring culture out of the museum -- out of the dusty , dry academic corners -- and have people talk about it , " she said . "  That , we feel , is the greatest achievement of this campaign . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Star-studded event in Lisbon , Portugal , unveils the new wonders Voting in the final hours so intense the Web site crashed at times Pyramids of Giza given honorary status as a "  wonders " member
Bangkok  CNN  -- When Brazil and Croatia hit the pitch for the 2014 FIFA World Cup opener on Thursday , football fanatics in Bangkok will be forced to contend with more than an unfriendly time zone if they want to catch the action . The nationwide midnight to 4 a.m curfew , imposed by the military three weeks ago when it took over the country in a coup after months of political and social unrest , has been lifted in more than 30 provinces and districts , including Thailand 's tourist hotspots such as Phuket , Pattaya , Krabi and Koh Samui . But not Bangkok . This poses a problem for the city 's notoriously diehard football fans who want to watch the games with friends and fellow revelers -- many of the matches start between 11 p.m. and 3 a.m. local time . "  I 'm a bit worried about staying out late to watch the games , but it should be fine , as police and military are n't that strict about the curfew , " says Wisit Konkratoke , a 33-year-old Bangkok graphic designer and a self-described huge football fan . Wisit says he doubts bars will be airing all the matches due to the curfew so he 'll likely watch at a friend 's house . "  Solders have stopped me after midnight on the road to ask where I 'm going , and when I tell them I 'm going home it 's fine , they let me carry on , " he says . Speaking to reporters last week , members of the ruling junta said they will not be lifting the curfew in the capital just so people can watch football , advising fans to go home early and cheer on their favorite teams with their families instead . Bangkok bars work around curfew During the 2010 World Cup in South Africa , Bangkok was filled with viewing parties , many offering fans giant LED screens and outdoor beer gardens . Waves of supporters dressed in the colors of their teams .  Thailand has never qualified for a World Cup . But the time zone was friendlier then , with evening games the norm . And there was no curfew . This time around , many sports pubs are trying to find ways around the midnight-4 a.m. curfew . Some say they 're planning to push their luck . Nick Wetzel , owner of The Pickled Liver , a downtown British pub frequented by Bangkok expats , says curfew enforcement varies widely from day to day , so he 's unsure how things will go during the month-long football event . "  I have every intention of showing as many games as possible , depending on public demand , " says Wetzel . "  Unfortunately , with the curfew still in place it 's hard to know what to expect , especially from the police . They came to my bar at 1 a.m. this morning to close it down , so I hope this will not set a precedent for the World Cup . "  I can only hope that given the importance of the matches coupled with Thailand 's love of the beautiful game , they will let us watch the tournament in peace . Only time will tell . " Other Bangkok pubs have said they 'll allow patrons in only as late as midnight , then will let visitors watch behind locked doors . "  We will be open but due to the current curfew space will be limited to upstairs , " advertises the Clubhouse Sports Bar and Grill on its website . "  Customers will need to be in before 12 and can leave at their discretion  although we would not advise it  . " Some are keeping their fingers crossed that the junta will lift the curfew . "  At present we can only show 11 p.m. games and games starting at 5 a.m , but we are hoping the curfew will be lifted Thursday , " says a representative from Bangkok 's The Sportman Bar and Restaurant , another popular haunt among expats and visiting tourists . Wichian Nunporntasak , who owns a restaurant and bar called "  Cheek " on Bangkok 's Ratchaphruek Road , says the curfew has harmed his business , though he understands why the military is concerned about keeping the city safe . "  I 'm not worried about the curfew for the games at 11 p.m. , I 'll still air them and hope we do n't get shut down before the end , " he says . "  But I wo n't be able to stay open for the later matches . I 'll probably have to go to a friend 's house to watch them . "  The army has been nice every time I 'm stopped on the road after curfew , as I explain that I 'm heading home from work . " Khao San Road goes quiet CNN visited Khao San Road this week to find out how bar owners and guest houses plan to deal with the curfew situation during the World Cup . A popular stop for backpackers thanks to the high concentration of guest houses , tour agencies , bars and restaurants in the old part of the city , the strip is usually a favorite World Cup viewing spot for the local and international football crowd . But this year , the consensus seems to be that while many bars will try to get away with airing the 11 p.m. games , that 's as hard as they 'll push it . Multiple bar staff told CNN that police were strictly enforcing the curfew and making bars close promptly at midnight -- though plenty of tourists continue to roam the strip after closing time . Some bars said they had n't even bought the license to air the games , but will do so if the junta lifts the curfew soon . A staff member at Nat Guest House , who did n't want to be named , said the establishment will likely let people watch in the common area but will have to keep the noise down in consideration of guests . Brazil 2014 : Will World Cup redeem people 's faith in football ? Junta tries to ` return happiness ' with free World Cup broadcasts On the sidelines of Thailand 's political drama , confusion over just how many of the World Cup games locals will be able to watch at home played out in the courts this week . Thailand 's National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission  NBTC  tried to force RS International , the exclusive rights holder for the FIFA World Cup , to allow Thailand 's free TV channels to broadcast all of the World Cup matches . Earlier , RS won the case in Thailand 's Central Administrative Court and announced it would televise only 22 World Cup matches on free TV . The rest could be viewed only through purchased TV boxes . The NBTC appealed the court 's ruling but were shut down on Wednesday . On Wednesday evening , the NBTC hinted that they would subsidize the matches in line with the junta 's campaign to "  return happiness to the Thai people " so that everyone could watch all the games on free cable at home . No word on whether those who bothered to buy the boxes will be eligible for a refund .	Nationwide midnight-4 a.m. curfew lifted in many tourist destinations but not Bangkok Many World Cup matches start between 11 p.m. and 3 a.m. local time Some bar owners say they 'll air matches , hope curfew wo n't be strictly enforced
CNN  -- They were standing near the finish line , cheering the runners in the Boston Marathon . It was a beautiful , cool day when two bombs unleashed chaos and killed three people . Friends of those killed say they are devastated by the senseless deaths . Here is some of what we know about each of the victims : Krystle Campbell , 29 , Arlington , Massachusetts "  She was the best , " Campbell 's distraught mother , Patty , told reporters on Tuesday . "  You could n't ask for a better daughter . " The family is heartbroken and still in shock , Patty Campbell said as she tried to read a statement on the family 's porch . Everyone loved Krystle , she said . "  She had a heart of gold . She was always smiling , " Patty Campbell said as her son , Billy , clutched her with his right arm . Krystle 's grandmother said the 29-year-old was a special kind of person who nurtured deep friendships . "  Oh , she was a beautiful girl , " Lillian Campbell told CNN 's Jake Tapper . "  She was very happy , outgoing , a hard worker . " Lillian Campbell said her granddaughter even lived with her for a year and a half and was "  great with me . " Her granddaughter was always willing to help someone in need , she said . "  And she was , she was just beautiful . She was a fun-loving girl , " Campbell said . Krystle Campbell once worked at Summer Shack , a seafood restaurant in the Boston area that posted a statement on its Facebook page saying she was beloved . "  She was an incredible woman , always full of energy and hard at work , but never too tired to share her love and a smile with everyone , " the post said . "  She was an inspiration to all of us . Please keep her and her family in your thoughts and prayers . " According to the Boston Globe , Campbell had taken a job with Jimmy 's Steer House in Arlington . The Globe reported that Campbell often went to the see the marathon runners . "  She 's been doing it since she was a little girl , " Lillian Campbell told the newspaper . "  She did n't miss a marathon , watching it at the finish line . " Campbell was a 2001 graduate of Medford High School , the town 's mayor , Michael McGlynn , said . CNN affiliate WHDH reported that the Campbells are longtime residents of Medford . Martin Richard , 8 , Dorchester , Massachusetts Like many young boys in New England , Martin Richard loved his Boston Red Sox and the Bruins . "  He wore his  Red Sox second baseman  Dustin Pedroia shirt to school last week , " neighbor Bill Forry told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . Martin was a terrific athlete , too , Forry said , but he was also a very good student who would help others who were having trouble with homework . "  A quiet kid , but a compassionate kid -- and somebody who was a leader , " Forry said . Martin attended the Neighborhood House Charter School . He "  was a bright , energetic young boy who had big dreams and high hopes for his future , " the school said in a statement . "  We are heartbroken by this loss . " His father , William Richard , released a statement asking people to "  continue to pray for my family as we remember Martin . " A neighbor , Jane Sherman , said that the Richard family is a "  typical all-American family " and that Martin and his little brother always loved to play in their yard , no matter the weather . Richard 's mother and sister are recovering from serious injuries sustained in the bombing , the father said . Another life ended : A Boston University grad student While the name of the third victim killed by the blasts was not officially confirmed on Tuesday , Boston University said that the person was a graduate student at the school . "  The student was one of three friends who watched the race near the finish line , " the university said on its website . "  Another of the three students , also a BU grad student , was injured and is in stable condition at Boston Medical Center . " The third person in the group was unharmed , the statement added . A short time later , China 's consulate in New York announced that the deceased victim was a Chinese national . At the family 's request , the consulate did not name her . According to a profile on LinkedIn , the woman was a graduate student in mathematics and statistics at Boston University who was due to get her master 's degree in 2014 . She graduated from a Chinese university with a degree in international economics , the professional networking site indicated . She 'd also previously studied for a semester at the University of California at Riverside . Chinese students at Boston University respected her family 's request for anonymity , with many of them forming a tight-knit group . One of them , former CNN intern Alex Shi , said that the students are deeply saddened . Many of the students feel affected because people were trying hard to locate those reported missing -- including the victim -- by calling hospitals and posting on social media .	Three people were killed when two homemade explosives went off at the Boston Marathon One of the victims was Krystle Campbell , 29 , who went to the race every year Another was 8-year-old Martin Richard , who was known as bright and energetic One victim was a Chinese national , China 's consulate in New York says
