CNN  -- An experimental Ebola drug that 's still in development may now be used to treat more people with the disease , according to Tekmira Pharmaceuticals Corporation . The drug company said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has authorized expanded use of TKM-Ebola under its Investigational New Drug application rule . Expanded access allows patients outside of a clinical trial to be treated with an investigational drug if they have a life-threatening disease and have exhausted any other approved treatment options . The FDA allows this kind of access on a case-by-case basis . "  We have worked with the FDA and Health Canada to establish this framework and a treatment protocol allowing us to do what we can to help these patients , " Dr. Mark J. Murray , Tekmira 's president and CEO , said in a statement . In January , a small human trial of TKM-Ebola was put on hold after one volunteer developed moderate gastrointestinal side effects after receiving a high dose of the medication . Then last month , the FDA modified the hold to a "  partial clinical hold . " This meant that Tekmira could give the drug to doctors or hospitals that requested it on an emergency basis . According to Murray , the treatment has already been given to a number of patients and "  repeat infusions " of the drug have been well tolerated . Though more Ebola patients may now be given the drug , he warns that they will not be enrolled in a controlled clinical trial . FDA spokesperson Stephanie Yao said federal law and FDA regulations prevent the agency from disclosing information about products under development because it 's considered confidential . "  While the FDA can not comment on the development of specific medical products , " Yao said , "  it 's important to note that every FDA regulatory decision is based on a risk-benefit assessment of scientific data that includes the context of use for the product and the patient population being studied . " According to the company , the FDA granted Tekmira fast track status to develop TKM-Ebola back in March . Murray said their supply is limited , "  but we will continue to help where we can . " CNN 's Caleb Hellerman contributed to this story .	Tekmira Pharmaceuticals Corporation says FDA will allow expanded use of TKM-Ebola Patients can be treated with experimental drug if all other treatment options exhausted TKM-Ebola has already been given to a number of patients
New Delhi  CNN  -- Indian activist Anna Hazare began a public hunger strike in the country 's capital Friday , accompanied by thousands of cheering supporters . The 74-year-old campaigner , who is seeking stronger anti-corruption measures in India , was greeted by crowds as he left a jailhouse in New Delhi earlier to make his way to the city 's large Ramlila Grounds . He will stage the two-week protest there after police relaxed their conditions . Supporters say he began fasting while still in jail . Hazare traveled from the jail in an open-top truck decorated with Indian flags , as thousands of citizens marched along . Before arriving at Ramlila Grounds -- known mostly as a venue for massive political rallies , demonstrations and religious festivals -- the campaigner visited the shrine to Mahatma Gandhi , the man who led the nation 's independence struggle , to pay homage . Flanked by admirers , he dropped petals and bowed at the memorial in a traditional Indian gesture of respect . Once at the rain-lashed Ramlila Grounds , Hazare sat on a makeshift podium with a large Gandhi backdrop as crowds carrying umbrellas hailed his arrival . Addressing the crowds , he called his campaign India 's "  second fight for independence . " He said , "  We got independence in 1947 and the white  the British rulers  left our country . But there 's no end to corruption , crime and looting . This is now our second fight for independence . Whether or not I live , this fight will go on . " Speaking earlier outside the jailhouse , dressed in his usual plain cotton attire , Hazare had also made references to India 's freedom movement , with passionate cries of "  hail revolution and hail motherland . " His brief address at the gates of Tihar prison , from which he was officially released three days ago , was almost drowned out by the crowd 's noise . Anti-corruption campaigners have rejected legislation prepared by the federal government to create a citizen ombudsman , saying the bill , now in Parliament , is too weak to tackle endemic graft in the system . Led by Hazare , they have been demanding a stronger institution that they say should be capable of tackling corruption Indians encounter in their daily lives . Supporters see the elderly anti-corruption crusader as a second Gandhi . His hunger strikes are also modelled after the protest mode Gandhi used in his movement against the colonial rule that ended in 1947 . However , Indian leaders say Hazare 's demands undermine democracy , through his use of a protest tactic Gandhi used in very different circumstances . "  I acknowledge that Shri  Mr.  Anna Hazare may be inspired by high ideals in his campaign to set up a strong and effective Lok Pal  citizen ombudsman  , " Prime Minister Manmohan Singh told parliament on Wednesday . "  However , the path that he has chosen to impose his draft of a bill upon parliament is totally misconceived and fraught with grave consequences for our parliamentary democracy . " Hazare was sent to jail on Tuesday because he planned to stage his strike at a different public place without official permission , police said . But as support swelled for the activist , with thousands of people hitting the streets in Indian cities , authorities ordered his release within hours of his arrest . Yet , in a rare show of protest , he refused to depart the jail until police agreed to allow him to stage his hunger strike in the open air as planned . The protesters ' call has sparked a debate in India over the role of democratic institutions . Hazare 's arrest also prompted televised discussions over the right to protest .	NEW : Anna Hazare begins a hunger strike in front of big crowds in New Delhi The veteran anti-corruption activist refused to leave jail until police conditions were eased He is holding the two-week hunger strike as part of an anti-corruption protest Campaigners want tougher legislation to deal with graft Indians face in daily life
CNN  -- Nigeria will not fall into violence over his decision to stand for elections next year , President Goodluck Jonathan said in an exclusive interview with CNN . "  I can tell you very clearly that violence will not break out because of my interests . I can tell you very clearly , " Jonathan said in a wide-ranging interview at the presidential palace in Abuja ahead of October 1 celebrations marking 50 years of independence . Read a transcript of the interview In September , Jonathan declared his intention to run in the October presidential primaries for his party , the People 's Democratic Party . Under Nigerian "  zoning " rules , power must rotate between the north and the south every eight years . Jonathan -- a native of the Niger Delta region in the south -- was vice president under President Umaru Yar ` Adua , from the north , when he died in May three years into his first term . "  In the first place if this country had agreed the presidency rotates between north and south I would not be the president today . I could n't have been if there is an agreement in this country that it rotates between north and south , " Goodluck reasoned . "  I could n't have been the president the day Yar ` Adua died -- another northerner would have taken over and I could have continued as the vice president . Goodluck acknowledged that Nigeria is grappling with limited resources , corruption and high poverty , despite being a world leader in oil production . However , he said , "  one thing that I know and I feel Nigeria will celebrate is continuity and peace . Yes we experienced civil war that lasted 13 months . Some other countries experienced civil wars that lasted for years . "	Jonathan intends to run in the October presidential primaries for PDP Jonathan was vice president under late President Yar ` Adua Yar ` Adua 's death upset "  zoning " rules , under which power rotates every eight years between regions Jonathan is from the south ; Yar ` Adua is from the north
The "  Niantic " was a whaling ship used during the Gold Rush of the 1800s and then run aground to be used for storage and as a hotel in a place now known as San Francisco . As the city grew and changed , the ship was built over and around many times , becoming part of the foundation of the city and now residing , at least in part , in the San Francisco Maritime Museum . A group at Google has adopted that ship 's name , with the goal of crafting apps that encourage users to explore the world around them and , in the process , discover such hidden gems . The idea , according to John Hanke , vice president of product development for Niantic Labs , was to get people moving , exploring , and having fun during the normally stationary act of playing on their phones . "  The theme of the group was the things around you that just lie beneath the surface , the unseen world , " Hanke said . "  The information exists on the Internet , but these are probably things you do n't notice in the real world . The information , although it is there , is often difficult to get to . " Niantic Labs has been working on two apps -- "  Field Trip " and "  Ingress . " "  Field Trip " links 130 different information sources to your smartphone 's GPS , resulting in alerts to interesting things currently around you . The app , which is available for iOS and Android phones , has been out for about a year , but is now available for use with Google Glass as well . The advantage of Glass , Hanke said , is that it lets users walk around , hands-free and experience things in a new way . "  The idea  with Google Glass integration  is that the information can get to you in a way that is n't disruptive with what you are doing , " he said . "  You can still interact with the people around you ; you can glance up and see it ; you can have it read to you . But you have that awareness of ` This is what that place is , this is what used to be here . ' " During a demonstration in Washington , the app alerted me to nearby restaurants in the Google Glass display . I could choose to ignore them or go deeper into the information without pulling out a phone or bothering the people around me . In another example , the background and history on an unusual building popped up and could be read to me as I studied the building . "  You 're not lost in your phone . You can get  the information  read in your ear . You now know that information and you can do with it whatever you want , " Hanke said . "  It 's kind of like having a smart local  person  walking beside you telling you where everything is . " If "  Field Trip " is meant to be a helpful app for a leisurely stroll , "  Ingress " offers something else entirely : a competitive , worldwide game for the Android phone where the enemy could be the person next to you on any given street corner . While encouraging fierce competition , "  Ingress " has organically evolved during its beta run into an app that brings people together socially and creates connections between players beyond the game . Recently , Google has been touring the world for an in-game event called Operation Cassandra . The goal of the game , according to the elaborate , sci-fi inspired story Niantic has crafted for "  Ingress , " is for groups representing the two warring factions -- the Enlightened and the Resistance -- to create virtual fields that blanket an area and control the people therein . Virtual hot-spots , called "  portals " in the game , appear at the GPS locations of real landmarks like public art , historic buildings , museums , local institutions and churches . Players must be in the real-world location of these portals to "  capture " them for their team . Hanke said his original plan was to create an MMO  massively multiplayer online  game where people all over the world could play in their own time toward a common goal . But when people started gathering in cities to capture portals , he says , something amazing happened . "  Getting together in the real world , people are going out and playing for an hour -- or sometimes all night -- and then having beers or breakfast together , " he said . "  People are doing that ; I never expected them to when I designed this game . " In "  Ingress , " there is always competition on a local level , as well as the occasional special event , with a specific , time-sensitive goal , that can draw dozens of players from both factions . Recently , Google has been hopping from city to city for major gatherings , though , drawing player numbers in the hundreds . Sydney , Australia ; New York , Chicago , Boston , Washington , and Cologne and Dusseldorf in Germany , have all been the sites of such events . Daphne Domingo , one of the main organizers in Washington , said that while she is n't normally a competitive person , the social aspects of the game make it fun . "  You have so many different socio-economical backgrounds in the players and we 've all become dearest friends , " Domingo said . "  You really ca n't do it alone . You have to work with other people and we 've all become good friends , no matter what side you 're on . " Lindsey Boyle , a tech researcher for the U.S. Department of State , said the game is addictive , but not so much that she wo n't invite everyone , even opponents , out for brunch afterward . "  You 're meeting strangers and you 're sharing a bond when we 're playing , " Boyle said . "  It grows and you start hanging out even when you are n't playing . " The launch video for the game nearly six months ago showed two people eyeing each other warily at a portal , wondering which side the other was on . Hanke said he expected some of that to happen , but what he did n't expect was for those people to actually start talking to each other . Said Hanke : "  On social media , and even in the real world , people started doing that and walking up to other people and saying , ` You 're playing ` Ingress , ' are n't you ? ' " "  Then these local clubs began to form and they started sending us pictures of their meet-ups . We started planning these events around that organic phenomenon . " One player described hanging out with other players from both sides as "  friend-ponents , not frienemies . " "  There is a rivalry , but there is also a camaraderie , " said Filemon Palero . "  There is a feeling of being together when you are doing something as a team . I found I was going to see exhibits around D.C. just because of ` Ingress . ' " The Android-only game is still in closed beta and by invitation only , but Hanke said his team is handing out invitations as quickly as they get requests . He thinks the game will be ready soon to be opened to players everywhere and hopes the hive mind , collective intelligence of the world will enjoy solving his puzzles . "  People were sending us videos of players trudging through the snow  in Russia  playing ` Ingress , ' " he said . "  That blew our minds people were doing that . "	Google lab works on apps that help users discover interesting things Niantic Labs has created travel adviser "  Field Trip " and mobile game "  Ingress " "  Field Trip " uses GPS to point out interesting things you are near Ingress uses public landmarks in a worldwide game between two sides
CNN  -- In light of reports that linked the name "  Geronimo " with the operation that took down Osama bin Laden , Native Americans expressed disappointment Thursday and pointed to the sacrifices they have made in the service . "  To associate a Native warrior with bin Laden is not an accurate reflection of history and it undermines the military service of Native people , " said Jefferson Keel , president of the National Congress of American Indians . "  It 's critical that military leaders and operational standards honor the service of those who protect our freedom . " Initial press reports said that "  Geronimo " was used in the raid to refer to bin Laden , but a senior administration official later told CNN that it was code for the act of capturing or killing bin Laden , not for the man himself . Keel said that according to his understanding , the most-wanted terrorist 's code name was "  Jackpot , " and the name of the operation was "  Geronimo . " Geronimo was an Apache leader in the late 1800s who is revered by many in the Southwest as a hero , the NCAI said . Harlyn Geronimo , a descendant of the warrior , was sharply critical of the use of his great-grandfather 's name . "  Whether it was intended only to name the military operation to kill or capture Osama bin Laden or to give Osama bin Laden himself the code name Geronimo , either was an outrageous insult and mistake , " he said . To use the name is "  such a subversion of history that it also defames a great human spirit and Native American leader , " he said . Thom Wallace , communications director of NCAI , said that whatever the reason behind the use of the name "  Geronimo " and the debate over it , the real conversation was being lost . That conversation , he said , is about the 24,000 American Indian active members of the military . A disproportionately high number of Native Americans serve in the U.S. military , he said . The group pointed out that 61 American Indians and Alaskan Natives have been killed serving in the armed forces in Afghanistan and Iraq , and 445 have been injured . "  Let 's be very clear about what is important here : The successful removal of Osama bin Laden as a threat to the United States honors the sacrifice these Native warriors made for the United States and their people , " said Keel , himself a veteran .	Tying Geronimo to bin Laden "  undermines the military service of Native people , " official says Dozens of Native Americans have died serving in Afghanistan and Iraq Geronimo was an Apache leader in the late 1800s
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The withdrawal of one of two massage therapists from a sex battery lawsuit against John Travolta "  completely vindicated " the actor , Travolta 's lawyer said Tuesday . The lawyer representing the therapists filed papers Tuesday dropping the client identified as John Doe # 1 because he had misstated the date of the alleged incident at the Beverly Hills Hotel . "  We fully expect that my client will similarly be vindicated with respect to Doe # 2 , as well as with respect to any other person who makes meritless claims against John Travolta , " attorney Martin Singer said . The remaining plaintiff claims Travolta groped him during a massage at an Atlanta hotel last January . "  I can guarantee that John Doe # 2 has a truckload of witnesses to back up what he 's saying , " plaintiff 's attorney Okorie Okarocha told CNN Tuesday . Strauss-Kahn countersues maid for at least $ 1 million His case is also bolstered by a series of e-mails in which the Atlanta plaintiff complains to his supervisor about Travolta 's advances , Okarocha said . Singer attacked one e-mail published in some online reports that purportedly supports the Doe # 2 claims . "  Various media outlets are reporting on an e-mail that Doe # 2 allegedly sent to his bosses , which significantly does not refer to my client at all , nor does it make any mention whatsoever of any of the things outrageously alleged in Doe # 2 's lawsuit , " Singer said . "  Instead , Doe # 2 voiced complaints about his co-workers gossiping and being insubordinate . " The e-mail 's lack of Travolta 's name "  says it all , " Singer said . "  Nothing that is alleged in Doe # 2 's lawsuit was mentioned in the e-mail he sent to his bosses , making his claims even more unbelievable . " "  The allegations in ` Doe # 2 's ' lawsuit are unraveling , just like ` Doe # 1 's ' ridiculous allegations , which were proven false and impossible , " he said . Two men accuse Travolta of sexual battery in lawsuit Okarocha , however , vowed that he would "  mop up " in the courtroom with the witnesses and documents against Travolta . "  I think I can show a custom , habit and practice , " Okarocha said , referring to his allegation that the actor has sexually assaulted dozens of other massage therapists over the years . "  If I bring in 100 people that do n't have an ax to grind , do n't want any money , they 're in 50 different states , they do n't know each other , they 're all massage therapists , they all have dates , they 're at different spa resorts and they say this exact same thing happened , it 's pretty hard to refute , " Okarocha said . His client "  ai n't going nowhere , " and is looking forward to a trial , he said . "  He means business and he is absolutely determined and he 's as solid as they come as when it comes to character , history , reputation , " Okarocha said . "  He 's everything you would want in a client . " Okarocha apologized last Friday for putting the wrong date of the John Doe # 1 incident in the lawsuit , saying his first client initially told him it was January 16 , 2012 . Singer produced a restaurant receipt and a time-stamped photograph that showed the actor was in New York , not Los Angeles , on that date . Plaintiff 's attorney apologizes about error in sex lawsuit Instead of just changing the date on the filing to January 15 -- the day John Doe # 1 later decided was when it happened -- Okarocha decided to withdraw the allegation from the lawsuit . Otherwise , it would have hampered the chances of John Doe # 2 's case , he said . Okarocha also said he had "  personality conflicts " with John Doe # 1 that contributed to his decision . The second plaintiff was a staff massage therapist at the Atlanta hotel where he claims he was assaulted by Travolta on January 25 , the amended lawsuit said . Travolta , 58 , has been married to actress Kelly Preston for 20 years . The oldest of their three children , Jett , was 16 when he died of a seizure while the family was vacationing in the Bahamas in January 2009 . CNN 's Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	John Doe # 1 withdraws from the suit ; he misstated the date of the alleged incident "  My client will similarly be vindicated with respect to Doe # 2 , " Travolta 's lawyer says Remaining plaintiff claims Travolta groped him during a massage at an Atlanta hotel The plaintiff 's lawyer vows to "  mop up " in court with witnesses and documents
CNN  -- Roger Federer produced an imperious performance to end Novak Djokovic 's 28 match winning streak on Chinese courts and claim a place in the final of the Shanghai Masters tournament Saturday . The Swiss was in a confident , aggressive mood all evening , serving eight aces and firing down 35 winners , on his way to a 6-4 6-4 straight sets victory in just over an hour-and-a-half . Federer will now face the unseeded Giles Simon in Sunday 's final after the 29-year-old Frenchman overcame Feliciano Lopez of Spain 6-2 7-6  7/1  in the day 's earlier semifinal matchup . "  I 'm not going to come into the match and play terrible , " Federer said in quotes carried by the ATP website . "  It just wo n't happen - not in the finals , not against Simon . That 's the confidence I have right now . " "  There was nothing in the game today that was n't working . I think it was a high-level match . I 'm unbelievably happy with the way it went . " The vanquished Djokovic was humble in defeat and paid tribute to his opponent 's ruthlessness . "  I think I did not play too bad , " said Djokovic , whose impressive China run included Shanghai Masters titles in 2012 and 2013 as well as three straight wins at the China Open in Beijing . "  It 's just that he played everything he wanted to play , " Djokovic added . "  He played the perfect match ... an amazing match . " Federer 's passage to the Shanghai final coupled with Rafael Nadal 's early exit means he is now guaranteed to return to No. 2 in the ATP world rankings on Monday no matter the outcome of Sunday 's match . Simon last reached the final of a Masters tournament six years ago and has dropped as low as 44th in the world this year but could rise to as high as 15th if he defeats Federer . "  I just know that I can do it , " Simon told reporters after defeating Lopez . "  When I 'm playing good , I can play at  Federer 's  level . " "  The question is whether I will be able to do it tomorrow . " The race to London Andy Murray and David Ferrer have both announced they will take on an extra tournament next week in a bid to qualify for November 's ATP World Tour Finals in London . Only the top eight ranked players qualify for the season-concluding event with a potential $ 2 million prize pot . Ferrer is currently ranked ninth while Murray is two places adrift in eleventh . Both players have registered to take part in the Vienna Open which begins Tuesday and will also appear at tournaments in Valencia and Paris later in October . Only three players , Djokovic , Federer and Nadal , have the rankings points to guarantee their participation in London . Others with a shot of appearing in the British capital include Milos Raonic , Kei Nishikori , Tomas Berdych , Stan Wawrinka and Grigor Dimitrov .	Roger Federer defeats Novak Djokovic in Shanghai Masters semifinal Djokovic was unbeaten in 28 matches on Chinese soil coming into match Federer will face Giles Simon of France in Sunday 's final Murray and Ferrer take on extra tournaments in bid to reach ATP World Tour Finals
CNN  -- The issue of whether the death penalty in America is administered in a cruel and unusual manner has jumped back into the headlines with botched lethal injection executions in Oklahoma and Arizona . The Arizona case includes reports that the process took in excess of an hour and a half while the prisoner emitted sounds variously described as snoring or gasping for air . This month , a federal judge decided to overrule the U.S. Supreme Court in striking down the California death penalty as a form of "  cruel and unusual " punishment . Judge Cormac Carney blasted a "  dysfunctional " California justice system that leaves hundreds of murderers "  languishing " on death row awaiting only the remote possibility of execution . The implication is that convicted rapist/murderer Ernest Jones suffers from some constitutionally impermissible form of mental torment in being forced to wait too long for an execution that may never come . The prisoner 's 25 years of anguished death contemplation , incidentally , was caused in large part by the state and federal appeals he filed seeking to stop or postpone his execution . The judge blames only California for this delay , rather than the prisoner filing the endless appeals . Arizona execution raises questions over novel lethal injections The judge apparently assumes that each time Jones wins yet another postponement of his execution , he suffers more . The ruling reminds me of the old story of the man who murders his mother and father and later pleads for the mercy of the court on the grounds that he is an orphan . In the meantime , his victim , Julia Miller , the mother of his girlfriend , remains buried in the cold ground , her opportunity to experience anguish having last occurred when she was bound with a telephone cord , gagged with rags in her mouth , raped and then stabbed 14 times , including once in her vagina . Two kitchen knives were protruding from her neck when discovered by her distraught husband of 30 years . Eight months later , he too was gone , having "  grieved himself to death , " according to his daughter during the penalty phase of Jones ' trial . There was no doubt of guilt here , given iron-clad evidence including Jones ' sperm that was DNA identified after recovery from the victim . Opinion : Botched executions ca n't be new norm This unpleasant recitation of the facts of the case was conveniently omitted from the judge 's decision and a New York Times editorial endorsement of the concept that procedural delays in the appellate process are "  cruel and unusual " punishment . With a little refinement and some well-funded legal defense projects , the Times and the judge could probably empty most of America 's prisons with this theory . Though the judge painstakingly attempts to establish that Jones bears little responsibility for the delay , the argument is disingenuous . Most of the appellate review was sought by Jones , and though slowed by state funding deficiencies , it never would occur but for the prisoner 's filings . Yes , he has a right to appeal , but the law does not permit a cancellation of the penalty when the review process is slow . The ruling is also astonishing in that the U.S. Supreme Court has in the past upheld death by firing squad , hanging , lethal gas , electrocution and lethal injection . None of these methods of inflicting death violate the Eight Amendment 's prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment , according to the high court . Opinion : Five ways to improve the U.S. death penalty These methods surely impose a level of suffering far in excess of Jones ' mental distress occasioned by the system 's "  arbitrary " and "  capricious " failure to put him swiftly to death . The court has also ruled that the death penalty properly serves a legitimate societal interest in "  deterrence and retribution . " To contend seriously that Jones suffered "  cruel and unusual punishment " in not being swiftly put to death is a mockery of sensible legal analysis and simple common sense . The Supreme Court has examined this concept of procedural delays as a basis for attacking the death penalty and rejected the notion in a line of cases arising from a legal concept known as "  laches . " Though rarely invoked , it stands for the proposition that unwarranted delay can be so prejudicial that the court can refuse to impose an otherwise legal penalty . Cormac 's widely heralded decision is actually damaging to serious efforts to abolish the death penalty in America because it is nonsensical and so heartlessly impervious to the suffering of the unmentioned victim . Before the death penalty can be eliminated , the public must be convinced that the punishment of death is barbaric and purposeless in modern society . Death penalty opponents squander their credibility with the public by adopting Jones ' case as an example of death penalty injustice . Given the barbarity of Jones ' crime , this is a poster case for administration of the death penalty after appropriate appellate review and safeguards . Death penalty facts that may surprise you The supreme irony here is that opponents of the death penalty , who have spent years attempting to slow and obstruct its administration , are now asserting that the very deliberate examination of death penalty cases that they advocate has caused the penalty to become a form of "  cruel and unusual " punishment . This is intellectual dishonesty and hypocrisy at its worst . Reasonable people can differ about the propriety or even the morality of the death penalty . I remain deeply conflicted myself about the appropriateness of the punishment in modern America . Supreme Court justices have spoken of "  evolving standards of decency , " and at some point in the near future , this country may join the ranks of other Western democracies in banning the ultimate penalty . But the final decision on this important issue should not be made by a single federal judge parsing through a statistical analysis of how long it takes to process the innumerable appeals filed at the explicit request of convicted murderers . The decision should be made by majority vote in the democracy we cherish , or less optimally by the Supreme Court of the United States . Those who seek in good conscience to abolish the death penalty need to select the cases that demonstrate their claim of injustice carefully . They need also to remember to tell us about the victims who lie silenced forever . And they should never advance an argument such as the one used in the case of Ernest Jones . For it is abundantly clear that the lengthy contemplation of a death so richly deserved will be never be viewed as cruel and unusual under the U.S. Constitution .	Paul Callan : Death penalty is major topic after reports of botched executions Callan : A federal judge in California recently ruled against death penalty in that state Argument that delays make the punishment unconstitutional do n't hold up , he says Callan : We can differ on death penalty , but length of appeals is n't a reason to invalidate it
CNN  -- All that stood between Tim McCarty and the thrill-promising roller coaster was a seat belt . If he could just buckle it , he and his children would zoom to 53 miles an hour in the first three seconds . There was just one problem : McCarty was too big . He had to step out and go tell his wife he weighed too much , while his kids blasted off on the ride without him . "  From there , we kind of made a saying : ` The walk of shame , ' " he said . "  I realized at that time I was just too big . " Incidents such as this prompted McCarty , 42 , of Dallas , to finally take action against his weight . Since September 2012 , he has dropped 125 pounds . "  It 's not easy . You did n't get big overnight , so it 's going to take a little time , " McCarty tells others who want to follow his lead . "  It 's going to take some work . You just got to decide for yourself that 's what you want . " Sorority girl drops 107 pounds Getting motivated At 5-foot-3 , McCarty , who works in maintenance at an office building , describes himself as a "  short , round person . " But it was n't always that way . He was initially a skinny child , but he gained a lot of weight between the second and third grades . That summer , he stayed home and watched TV and ate . Other children made fun of him , calling him "  sheep dog " and "  fat boy . " McCarty knew the health risks of being overweight . He has always been diligent about annual physicals because his father 's siblings died of cardiovascular problems , and his father has had a heart attack . Yet McCarty remained healthy in adulthood by other measures . His blood pressure and cholesterol were fine , so he never consistently weighed himself . He thinks he reached 300 pounds in his 40s . "  I thought I did n't need to lose weight because I 'm healthy , " he said . At one annual physical , McCarty 's doctor told him he still needed to lose weight and that he was "  very lucky " to have normal vital signs , but they would n't necessarily stay that way . The doctor said , McCarty remembers , "  You 're going to be in a world of hurt . " But the message did n't make a dent in McCarty 's unhealthy habits until last August , when he decided to race his youngest daughter for one mile . He thought he would finish in about 10 minutes . He estimates he weighed between 310 and 320 pounds at that point . "  It was horrible , " he said . "  It took me 22 minutes to do a mile . " And because of poor route planning , McCarty could n't make it back ; he had to call his wife to pick him up . The next day , he told his wife : No more sodas . He would start walking . It was time for a change . How diet bloggers stay thin Tailored for larger bodies A big help to McCarty 's weight loss effort was the arrival of a new gym , Downsize Fitness , behind his workplace . The facility is specifically geared toward overweight and obese people , and their equipment and workouts are tailored for larger bodies . McCarty did n't realize before going to this gym that he could modify challenging exercises , such as push-ups and jumping jacks , to accommodate his fitness level . He also liked that everyone there had the same goal : weight loss . There were no perfectly toned bodybuilders in sight . The gym made exercise personal . He 'd get calls from employees asking what time he 'd be showing up . "  I was n't just a number there , " he said . "  They knew what level I was at . They pushed me to my limits . " Now , McCarty works out five times a week . He runs four times every week , a total of at least 20 miles , and does weights twice a week . He 's also a personal trainer at Downsize Fitness , helping others reach their goals . To help his physical transformation , McCarty made drastic changes to his eating habits . "  Before , my range of food was : Hamburger , pizza , something fried , " McCarty said . Now , processed foods are strictly forbidden . He eats a lot of fruits and vegetables , grilled chicken and grilled fish . When he drinks sweet tea , he dilutes his serving to 75 % water . Of course , he still splurges on one guilty pleasure now and then : The Oreo Cookies Blizzard at Dairy Queen . The journey has n't always been easy . During his running and training earlier this year , he tore a meniscus in his left knee . "  I was scared to death -- if I could n't work out , the old me would pop back out , " he said . His surgery was on a Thursday . By Monday , he was back at the gym , working on his upper body , chest and shoulders . Two weeks later , he was walking on the treadmills . At three weeks , he was able to jog , and by the fourth week , he could run again . Opinion : Is being fat a disease ? Measuring success Beyond the numbers on the scale , McCarty has seen many benefits to his weight loss . Remember how he agonized over a running a mile in 22 minutes in August 2012 ? In June , he ran a 5K race  3.1 miles  in under 28 minutes . After he crossed the finish line and saw his time , "  I just started crying , " he remembers . "  I just kept walking and thinking about where I came from . " At his job , he 's noticed a change as well . He 's always had to be on his feet all day , but because of his weight , he used to avoid tasks involving standing on ladders and leaning or reaching -- he was scared he would fall . "  Now , I 'm like a little ninja up there , " he said . "  I can reach over , and I do n't care about falling no more . " Weight loss contests at Downsize Fitness proved lucrative for McCarty . He originally had no intention of winning the first round , from September to December , but when he learned he was close , he stepped up his workout to four hours a day , five times a week . That earned him $ 7,000 . The January to June phase , which came with a $ 20,000 prize , was an incentive to keep going with his weight-loss efforts . After winning , he paid off his truck and bought his wife a nice camera ; the rest is in savings . He has since kept off the weight , but the gym wo n't be doing more of these contests , a spokeswoman said . Best friends lose nearly 300 pounds together Keeping it off McCarty has several more goals to keep himself motivated . Right now , he 's training for a half-marathon that takes place September 14 , and in October he 'll do a sprint triathlon . His goal for next year is a half Ironman . He also wants to help the rest of his family get fit . McCarty has issued a challenge : They 're all going to run a 5K together in December . "  I do n't want to be a hypocrite to my kids and saying , ` You 've got to lose weight now , ' " he said . "  But I am going to challenge them to do this one thing for me . I think they 're going to like the results . " Next month , the family is going back to the same amusement park -- Silver Dollar City in Missouri -- where McCarty had to give up his seat on a roller coaster last summer . Trying to buckle the seat belt then led to unexpected twists and turns in his life . Now , he 's ready to experience the full ride . New weight-loss drug available Do you have a weight loss success story ? Share it on iReport	Tim McCarty , 42 , lost 125 pounds in 10 months He goes to a gym specifically geared toward overweight and obese people In June , McCarty ran a 5K in under 28 minutes
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese officials said they killed seven members of the Uighur ethnic group in the restive western region of Xinjiang in order to free two hostages -- an account the Uighurs disputed . The hostages -- local villagers looking for their lost sheep in the rural county of Pishan outside of Hotan city -- were kidnapped by a group of Uighurs on Wednesday night , said Hou Hanmin , a spokeswoman for the chief of the regional information office in Xinjiang . The operation to rescue them left one police officer dead and wounded another , he said . However , Dilxat Raxit , a spokesman for the Stockholm-based World Uighur Congress , said the shooting did not stem from a rescue operation . Police opened fire when locals clashed with officers during a demonstration outside the police bureau , he said . The Uighurs were protesting a recent security crackdown in Hotan city . "  This is incident was not an accident , " he said . "  It is a direct result from the Chinese crackdown on Uighurs . It has become unbearable for Uighurs there to accept the oppression and current rule from the Chinese government . " The Chinese authorities have often blamed militants of Uighur descent for outbreaks of violence in Xinjiang in recent years . Uighurs are ethnic Turks who are linguistically , culturally and religiously distinct from China 's majority Han population . Beijing has said Uighur militants are often based overseas and has linked some of them to the East Turkistan Islamic Movement that allegedly trains in Pakistan . The clash comes after a two-month security crackdown , which ended in October , against violence , terrorism and radical Islam across the resource-rich region , which borders Pakistan , Afghanistan and numerous unstable Central Asian states . The tightened security measures included 24-hour security patrols of troubled areas , identity checks and random street searches of people and vehicles . Uighur activists say the crackdowns have only heightened anger among Uighurs who already accuse the government of religious and political repression . Uighurs also say they feel economically disadvantaged as a thriving Han population continues to move into the region .	NEW : The World Uighur Congress says police opened fire on protesters NEW : "  This incident was not an accident , " says a Congress spokesman A Chinese official says the operation killed one police officer dead The official says the Uighurs took two local villagers hostage
CNN  -- Finding stability in my life has been a problem . I grew up on the 500 block of Lincoln Heights in Washington . When I was 1 month old , my mother abandoned me . She left me with a man whom I grew up to call my father . I was left with this man so that he could take care of me . Instead , he paid other people to take care of me . He came around as much as he could to spend quality time with me , whether it was going to a park , going out for dinner or reading at the library . He tried with all his might to be there for me . But I soon began living in a real nightmare . My childhood was rough . Oftentimes I felt alone , depressed . I even battled with thoughts of committing suicide because I felt no one really cared for me . There were nights when I ran away from the homes that had taken me in . I would go for walks and just cry because I did n't understand what I did wrong to deserve this childhood . When I was 10 , I began to receive negative vibes about my living situation . I called my father and asked if he could pick me up and remove me from the home in which I was staying . The next day , my nightmare became a reality . I was shot . As I slept on the couch , my caretaker 's grandson discharged a 12-gauge shotgun . The pellets fired through the wall and accidentally hit me in my spinal cord and right shoulder . All of a sudden , I could n't really move my right shoulder . I thought my life would be over soon . This is not what I wanted . I sat there bleeding , convinced that my time on earth would be cut short . My surroundings led me to think that I would become a victim of my own nightmare . I believed that this was the last day of my life because I could n't survive the way I was living . Thankfully , I made it to hospital , and even though I was fading in and out , I survived . During my time in the hospital , I had to learn to walk again and move my right shoulder , which was temporally paralyzed . I was discharged from the hospital and sent to live with someone else who my father thought was able to take care of me . Two weeks after staying in that household , I was placed in the District 's foster care system . I was labeled a neglect case . Even though I was finally getting help , I felt even more alone after being taken away from my father . Years later , my mother would be found , only to turn down the opportunity to take custody of me . Two years after I was shot , the only person who ever cared for me died of cancer . At that moment , I lost the one person who meant the world to me , my father , Thomas McRae Sr. . A DNA test later proved that the man that I thought was my father really was n't . Eventually I would be placed at the Boys Town group home in Washington under the leadership of Hubert and Chauna Geter , who revealed to me what the meaning of true love , patience and nourishment truly means . Because of their support I began to see the light at the end of the tunnel . I lived in a total of 22 households before I was adopted by my close friend 's mom , Joi Morris . That 's when I knew that everything in my life was supposed to happen . I realized that you have to go through hell to find heaven . This summer , I had the pleasure of interning on Capitol Hill under Sen. Ben Cardin of Maryland for the Congressional Coalition on Adoptions Institute 's Foster Youth Internship Program . For the first time in my life , I spent two months around people who had battled what I battled and was overcome by their testimony . Now I want to share my experiences with the world and help out anyone who is , or was , like me . I also feel the responsibility to give back to the city that birthed me , Washington , and I vow to do exactly that .	Thomas McRae lived in 22 different homes after being abandoned by his parents In one house , he was accidentally shot by his caretaker 's grandson McRae was eventually adopted ; he now plans to help other kids in foster care
CNN  -- The Nigerian contender to head the World Bank , Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala , said Wednesday she is ready to lead from day one and would make it a nimbler , more responsive organization . Okonjo-Iweala told CNN 's Richard Quest she was the best candidate for the job because of her 25 years working at the bank and her time as Nigerian finance minister . This has given her experience on both sides of the table , she said , and means she could hit the ground running . "  You do n't want to spend six months , a year , learning how the institution functions before you can lead -- I can lead from the word go , " she said , speaking from Delhi , India . President Barack Obama on Friday presented Dr. Jim Yong Kim , the president of Dartmouth College , as the U.S. nominee for the role . While the World Bank 's influence is felt most directly in the developing world , an American has always headed the bank . The organization expects to pick the new president by its spring meeting in the week of April 16 . Okonjo-Iweala said she welcomed the competition posed by Kim , whose background is in medicine , not economics or business as has been the case with most previous World Bank presidents . "  I am not daunted ... because the shareholders of the World Bank promised a fair , merit-based , open and competitive process , " she said . Okonjo-Iweala , a Harvard-educated economist and former senior World Bank official , said her role as head of the Nigerian finance ministry had provided a valuable practical grounding . "  This is not theory you are dealing with , it 's fact , it 's experience , it 's real world , ` how do we make a policy decision that will help millions of poor people today ? ' -- so that gives me a lot , " she said . She said her chief aim if picked to lead the bank would be to make it a faster and nimbler organization , able to respond swiftly to problems in developing countries . The bank should also focus on promoting growth in developing nations to create jobs , especially for young people , she said . "  I 've never met a poor person who did n't want the dignity of a job -- if they have a job , they can take care of their health problems , their education problems , " she said . As World Bank leader , she would also give the emerging market nations a voice on the global stage , Okonjo-Iweala said , and reflect a changing world where those countries are increasingly contributing to growth . She was nominated by South Africa and has the support of other African nations . Antonio Ocampo , formerly the finance minister of Colombia , has also been nominated . Kim , a Korean American , has previously served as a senior official at the World Health Organization . The World Bank was created along with the International Monetary Fund in 1944 to help the Allied powers shape the post-World War II economic order . It now includes 187 member states , offering loans and grants as well as technical expertise for development projects around the world . Under a tacit agreement in place since their inception , an American has always led the World Bank while a European has been in charge of the IMF . The World Bank and the IMF get funding from their members , also known as shareholders , and it is this funding that is the basis for voting power on the organizations ' boards . The board will vote on the new leader for the bank , but it is widely assumed that the U.S. nominee will be the one confirmed by the full body . As the largest contributor to the World Bank and the IMF , the United States has the most voting shares on their boards at roughly 16 % . The United States and Europe together have roughly half these shares , and have long been able to impose their will in matters of leadership .	Nigerian Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala is Africa 's choice for the top job at the World Bank The Harvard-educated economist says she would make the bank nimbler and more responsive President Obama has nominated Dr. Jim Yong Kim , the president of Dartmouth College The World Bank president has always been an American
Munich Germany  CNN  -- -- I am originally from Cologne but I moved to Munich more than 12 years ago . I chose to live in this city because of the Eisbach river wave where you can surf on a rapid . For most people around the world Munich is only known as "  Oktoberfest City " , the town of beer drinkers and pretzel lovers . Most people do n't know that Munich is also considered to be a surfing Mecca because of the famous standing wave right in the centre of the city at the Eisbach river . For me it was vice versa . Through surfing this rapid I discovered the Oktoberfest . And since then I 've been hooked . Even weeks and days before the beer fest starts , the whole city gets crazy . You must imagine , a city with about 1.5 million inhabitants gets visited by about six million people . Tourists of all different nationalities are arriving , flight prices to Munich double and the main train station is crowded at all times . But also locals from Munich begin to get all excited , start to count the days and get prepared . The stores where you can buy the original Bavarian costumes , the "  Lederhosen " for the guys and the "  Dirndl " for the ladies , are so packed that you can hardly enter . This year me and my friends from the Eisbach did a special Oktoberfest warm-up as well . Some days before the beginning of the Oktoberfest we went surfing on the river in "  Lederhosen " and "  Dirndl " instead of wetsuits . It was one of the most fun surf sessions I ever experienced . But let 's come back to the "  Wiesn " -- that is how locals call the "  Oktoberfest " -- and have a look at what a typical tour should include . A good Oktoberfest visit usually starts with a fresh "  Mass " of beer . If the weather is nice , you should have it in the sunshine in one of the beer gardens outside of the tents . The most typical food that goes perfectly with it is either one of the giant pretzels or a half a grilled chicken . They say that the "  Hendl "  Bavarian for grilled chicken halves  are especially good at the Oktoberfest . That is maybe why about 500,000 of them get eaten up during the two weeks . After you have enjoyed your first beer and some good food , you should check out some rides . There are the traditional ones . like Tobogan , a slide that has been at the Oktoberfest for 75 years . To go up , you hop on a conveyer and usually there is a big crowd of people having a blast , just watching who can make it up there without falling . If you are a tourist you should also take a ride on the Riesenrad  Ferris Wheel  . It might look a bit lame but it is 55 meters high and you will get a beautiful view over Munich . If you feel like competing with your friends , visit the so called Teufelrad  devil 's wheel  , a turning wheel where people can jump on . The challenge sounds simple . Just stay on the wheel . It gets tricky when the wheel is spinning faster and faster and punching balls swing by . After you had fun on the rides and bought your girlfriend a heart made of lebkuchen  ginger cake  , it is time to go to where the real party is and help the locals drink more than 60,000 hectoliters of beer . Visit one of the 14 big beer tents run by six Bavarian breweries . All you want to do now is to climb up on one of the benches and dance and sing with the crowd . Usually , the tents are packed with people . So do n't be shy , just ask some people if you and your friends can join to their table . People are usually in a very good mood and very open . You wonder how many people meet the love of their life at the Oktoberfest . To have the best time at the world 's biggest public festival , there are some useful tips . 1 . Do n't wear Lederhosen made of plastic or cloth . You will look like a tourist . If you want to buy traditional Bavarian Lederhosen , make sure that they are nearly too tight . On the third day of wearing them they will just be fine . And once you 've invested in the outfit , you can still use it for Halloween . 2 . Make friends with the ladies delivering the beer . Never be cheap with your tip , otherwise you might wait for your next beer for hours . And do get out of the way of the waitresses . They are very busy and will run you over . Before drinking , it 's crucial that you say "  Prost " and clink your mug while making eye contact with everyone at the table . 3 . Oktoberfest on a weekday is way more relaxed and much more fun . So if you do n't have to , do n't visit the Oktoberfest on a Saturday . The whole place is packed with people and often the tents have to close because of the crowds . The beer at the Oktoberfest is much stronger than usual . So be careful that you eat loads before you start enjoying your beer , otherwise Oktoberfest might become an event you do n't even remember . 4 . Make sure you bring plenty of cash because you ca n't pay for your beer with a credit card . There are ATM cash machines at the Oktoberfest but the lines can be long . A good tip to keep your belongings safe : put your money and valuables inside a money belt and frustrate pickpockets who sneak around . 5 . Do n't try to get up on stage and sing with the band . It might sound strange to you but they actually do n't like it . 6 . Last call at all the big beer tents is at 10.30 pm , one hour before closing time . If you leave the Wiesn at 10pm you can avoid the people-traffic-jam on the way to the bus and train stations . Also , Munich is very walkable . You can exercise by burning off some of the beer calories 7 . Open up to people . After several  or even one  litres of beer you and everyone else in the tent start losing inhibitions , so it 's really easy to make new friends at Oktoberfest . So once you 've found a seat at one of the tent 's tables and ordered a beer , do n't be shy -- introduce yourself to those around you . Even when you go just by yourself , you 're going to have a blast . But smoking is banned in the tents . 8 . Sleeping is the best way to keep your body fit -- not on the street or the sidewalk , though . Go ahead and sleep your heart out at the place you 're staying . If you remind your body every now and then how it feels like to have more blood than alcohol running in your veins , your time at Oktoberfest will be a lot more fun . 9 . Do n't miss the Wiesn parties . Around the Theresienwiese and in the city plenty of clubs start the "  After-Wiesn " right after closing the tents to make sure you can dance , party and have fun all night long . Watch out for flyers and talk to locals 10 . If you get sick , do n't do it close to the river because people might want to go surfing there . Be sure you also take some time outside of the Oktoberfest . There is plenty to do in Munich . Apart from the Eisbach river my favorite places are the campsite next to the Flosslnde and the Isar beaches . Breakfast at the Grtnerplatz , a beautiful little square , is always a great way to start the day . To relax I go running or biking in the English Garden , Munich 's biggest park , or just hang out in on its huge meadow . I also like having "  Steckerlfish "  grilled fish  with a fresh beer at the beergarden "  Chinesischer Turm " or visiting the museums "  Haus der Kunst " and "  Pinakothek der Moderne "  perfect on a rainy afternoon  . Another amazing spot is the castle "  Schloss Nymphenburg " which will make you feel like you 're in a fairytale . Just come by , take a long walk in the park of the beautiful castle and at the castle canal and see for yourself .	Do n't wear Lederhosen made of plastic or cloth . You will look like a tourist Make friends with the ladies delivering the beer , and never be cheap with your tip Sleeping is the best way to keep your body fit -- just not on the street or the sidewalk If you get sick , do n't do it close to the river -- people surf there
Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett announced plans Wednesday to file an anti-trust lawsuit against the NCAA over its sanctions against Penn State University following the Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse scandal . Last July , the NCAA levied unprecedented sanctions against the university , including a fine of $ 60 million . It also stripped 14 seasons of football victories from late head coach Joe Paterno . "  These sanctions did not punish Sandusky , " or those who allegedly helped cover up his repeated sexual abuse of disadvantaged children , said Corbett at a news conference in State College . He said they instead affect past and current students who were not part of the scandal . "  I can not and will not let it happen without a fight , " said Corbett , adding that the Sandusky case was a criminal matter and not a violation of NCAA rules . Corbett also called a university-funded review of the scandal led by former FBI Director Louis Freeh an incomplete report . Freeh 's 267-page review was released in July and blamed former university president Graham Spanier , Paterno , suspended Athletic Director Tim Curley and ex-Vice President Gary Schultz for allegedly taking part in a cover-up to avoid bad publicity . Do sanctions alter history books on Penn State ? The scandal led to Spanier 's ouster and shocked the nation after Freeh 's team concluded that the school 's top administrators had "  empowered " Sandusky , the former defensive coordinator for the football team , to continue his abuse . The NCAA said in a statement Wednesday it was disappointed by the governor 's action . "  Not only does this forthcoming lawsuit appear to be without merit , it is an affront to all of the victims in this tragedy -- lives that were destroyed by the criminal actions of Jerry Sandusky , " said Donald M. Remy , NCAA executive vice president and general counsel . "  While the innocence that was stolen can never be restored , Penn State has accepted the consequences for its role and the role of its employees and is moving forward . Today 's announcement by the governor is a setback to the university 's efforts . " Penn State also issued a statement Wednesday saying it remained "  committed to full compliance with the Consent Decree , the Athletics Integrity Agreement and , as appropriate , the implementation of the Freeh report recommendations . " School faced 4-year ` death penalty ' The fine is expected to be paid over five years and will fund an endowment with a mission of fighting child sex abuse and supporting victims . Pennsylvania 's U.S. House delegation objects to the NCAA 's plans to spend only 25 % of those funds within the state . The delegation wants the association to spend all of the $ 60 million in Pennsylvania , according to a November letter to the NCAA . "  While we fully support the stated purpose of the endowment , we believe its funds should be used solely for programs and organizations within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , where a need exists for the creation of prevention programs for sexually abused children , " the letter stated . Sandusky , 68 , was convicted last June on 45 counts of child sex abuse , ranging from corruption of minors to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse , which were laid out in graphic testimony by his accusers over the course of the less-than-two-week trial . In October , he was sentenced to 30 to 60 years in prison , meaning he 'll likely die behind bars . Penn State alum : We deserved NCAA penalty Penn State , a college football powerhouse and two-time national champion , avoided the NCAA 's "  death penalty , " a suspension from play of a year or more , in the Sandusky abuse case . But Ed Ray , the chairman of the NCAA 's executive committee , said the sanctions on the school "  should serve as a stark wake-up call to everyone in college sports . " Penn State President Rodney Erickson said the university accepted the decision and would not appeal . "  I think , for the whole university , what this calls upon us to do is to look at our whole value culture , our whole value set , our value base , " Erickson told CNN last year . Paterno , who coached at Penn State for 46 years , was fired after Sandusky 's arrest in November 2011 . He had been the all-time leader in major college football victories for a coach , with 409 wins . The NCAA 's decision strikes 111 of those from his record , beginning in 1998 -- a move that posthumously bumps him from the top of the list . Last July , the Big Ten Conference declared Penn State ineligible for any conference title football games and ruled that the Nittany Lions ' share of bowl revenues for four seasons -- about $ 13 million -- will be donated to charities that "  protect children . " David La Torre , a Penn State spokesman , said last year the school will not use tax or tuition dollars to pay the NCAA 's $ 60 million fine . Paterno loyalists call NCAA sanctions excessive	Gov. Tom Corbett announced plans for a lawsuit against the NCAA The state 's U.S. House delegation objects to how the NCAA will spend $ 60 million fine Only 25 % of the $ 60 million fine against Penn State will be spent within state
Le Bourget , France  CNN  -- Is it a plane ? Is it a drone ? Next time you look up and see vapor trails spreading across the sky , bear in mind that the aircraft you 're looking at might just be both . As the aviation industry tightens its belt , its attempts to save money and stay relevant have led to a new rise of "  transformers " -- including crop-dusters and business jets given a new lease of life as surveillance aircraft . With the financial crisis continuing to bite -- not least in the U.S. defense sector -- more and more aircraft manufacturers are trying to secure their future by turning older aviation staples into innovative new ones , creating a new breed of "  transformers . " In a former life , Piaggio Aero 's HammerHead was a business jet  the Avanti II  , used to ferry well-to-do travelers to and from high-powered meetings or red carpet events . Today the twin-engine turboprop is being turned into a drone , with surveillance equipment and remote flying systems replacing the nine passengers and pilot . Unveiling the new-look aircraft at last week 's Paris Airshow , Piaggio Aero 's CEO Alberto Galassi said the HammerHead -- which the company expects to be approved for use by 2014 -- offered "  an insight into what an advanced UAS -LSB- Unmanned Aerial System -RSB- of the future will look like . " Iomax 's ArchAngel , also on display at Le Bourget is , the company says , a border patrol aircraft designed to provide "  airborne surveillance for intelligence and security . " But in its slightly more down-to-earth pre-modification past , the aircraft was originally conceived as the Thrush , an agricultural crop-duster . Also joining the hybrid ranks at the Paris Airshow was Centaur , the plane that thinks it is a drone . Or is that be the other way around ? The aircraft , designed for surveillance missions , can be flown remotely as a UAV by a ground-based operator , or in the traditional way with a pilot at the controls . Its creators , U.S.-based Aurora Flight Services , say it takes Centaur 's two-man crew just four hours to switch the plane from one mode of flying to the other . Bill Sweetman , international defense editor of Aviation Week , said the trend for turning existing aircraft into others , rather than creating them from scratch , was down to two main reasons : the financial crisis , and the end of the Cold War . Both mean that completely new aircraft are not being designed as often as they have done in the past . "  Instead companies are modernizing , adapting aircraft they 've already got to allow them to do something different , because the industry 's needs now are very different to what they were during the Cold War , and they will be something different again in the next 10 years or so , " he told CNN . "  It is proving very hard to get the FAA to approve a simpler , cheaper aircraft designed from the start to be unmanned , " said Graham Warwick , Aviation Week 's technology editor . "  Instead it is easier to take an aircraft that the FAA has already certificated for manned flight , and take the pilot out of it , " he said . "  If a company takes an existing aircraft -- which they know flies , works , is safe and reliable -- and converts that into an unmanned vehicle , that allows them to develop it much more quickly , " said Sweetman . And then there 's Project Zero , an entirely different sort of "  transformer . " This super-futuristic looking electric-powered aircraft is formed of a graceful aerodynamic swoosh of carbon fibre enclosing a cockpit  like the drones above , it has so far only been flown unmanned  and two massive rotor blades . It is these rotor blades which are the secret to the aircraft 's groundbreaking nature . Facing the ground , they allow Project Zero to take off vertically , like a helicopter . But once in the air , the rotors can be tilted , enabling it to fly forwards like a traditional plane . Project Zero , which has been in the works -- but firmly under wraps -- for several years , was unveiled at this week 's Paris Air Show . James Wang , Agusta Westland 's vice president of research and technology , who oversaw work on the aircraft , said it was designed "  to be as radical as possible , " reflecting the motto of the advanced project group behind it : " ` Live to Dream ' - if it can be dreamed , it can be built . " Just how high and how fast the aircraft is capable of flying is still a closely-guarded secret , but Wang insists "  it works , we have flown this thing . " There 's just one catch though -- despite being proven to work in flight tests , Project Zero is not likely to go into production any time soon . Instead it is intended as a "  technology incubator , " a way of trialing and showcasing all the latest innovations at once . Still , the company hopes that even if we 're not going to be flying a Project Zero within the next 10 years , some of the technology it has helped develop will become the norm on more everyday aircraft . "  Project Zero might or might not make the basis for a future UAV or form of transport , but it 's the parts in there that are important , that have potential , " says Sweetman . And that could help to transform the whole industry , not just one aircraft .	Aviation manufacturers are turning older aircraft into drones An agricultural crop-duster can be transformed into an airborne surveillance machine It takes just four hours to switch the Centaur aircraft from a plane into a UAV A new breed of "  transformers " could change the whole industry
Denver  CNN  -- To win in November , Mitt Romney must emerge from his first debate with President Barack Obama as the leader on this campaign 's defining question : Which candidate do voters trust more to handle the economy ? "  He has to paint a compelling picture of a better economic future and why he can lead us there and President Obama ca n't , " GOP pollster Whit Ayres told CNN when asked to define Romney 's paramount debate challenge . Democratic pollster Peter Hart made the same point but in more colorful language : "  If Romney loses this issue , then he is toast . " How to watch , clip and share the debate Yes , there are other important challenges for both the Republican challenger and the Democratic incumbent as they share the debate stage for the first of three encounters . Romney , for example , must pass a test all challengers face when appearing side by side with an incumbent : look and sound like a credible alternative , like a president . The GOP standard-bearer also needs to quiet the jitters among Republicans who see the presidential campaign trending in a direction they worry could hurt down-ballot . Candidate ` tells ' a cue to debate performance For the president , some aides and advisers worry most about coming across as smug , or too dismissive , of criticism of his economic stewardship . His burden also includes the challenge of showing how the next four years would be different without helping his challenger 's case that the approach of the last four years was misguided . But given the state of the race , very competitive but with an Obama advantage in several of the most important battleground states , veteran strategists in both parties agree the heavier burden in the first debate is on Romney . Five things to watch for tonight And they agree his overriding challenge is to seize the upper hand in the economy argument . The candidates enter the Denver debate tied on that key question . Our new CNN/ORC International poll asked likely voters which candidate would better handle the economy . Obama was the choice of 49 % , Romney of 48 % . Pollster Ayres said the key in winning over undecided and persuadable voters is for Romney to make the case the president 's economic proposals are "  government-driven " and that Romney 's rely on small business and the broader private sector as engines of growth . Romney : Debates are n't about a win The president 's response , according to aides familiar with his debate preparations , will be twofold : cast Romney 's proposals as little or nothing new , a throwback to favor-the-rich GOP policies that the president argues contributed to the economic ditch , and raise questions about Romney 's understanding of , and empathy for , the struggles of working - and middle-class families . The format should offer voters a clear contrast :  Three segments on the economy  One on health care  One on the role of government  And one on governing leadership and style . As always , there is the debate season sideshow known as the expectations game . It can be fun to watch , especially when high-profile surrogates like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ignore the Romney campaign talking points and instead promise a campaign-changing debate performance . Fun , but in the end meaningless . The surrogates and spinners are n't on the debate stage . Or on the ballot . This is about Obama and Romney , their first of three debates a test of whether the challenger can make a persuasive case that he has a better economic plan or the incumbent can sell voters on staying the course . 10 questions you would ask at the presidential debate Obama : ` They 're making me do my homework ' Latino vote in Nevada up for grabs	Campaign 's defining question is who voters trust to handle economy Romney faces same question all challengers do -- is he credible alternative ? Obama faces challenge of showing how next four years would be different from last four Bottom line is the debate rests on which of two men on stage are more persuasive
Boston  CNN  -- They were partners-in-crime for more than two decades : Reputed mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger and his henchman , Stephen "  The Rifleman " Flemmi . In the course of three days on the witness stand in Bulger 's federal trial , Flemmi has described in great detail the murders he says he witnessed Bulger commit and he has portrayed himself as a lackey following orders and getting rid of physical evidence -- pulling victims ' teeth to avoid identification and disposing of bodies . On Tuesday , Bulger 's lawyer , Hank Brennan , tried to reverse the image and portray Flemmi as a man who knew how to kill people independently of Bulger . He focused in on Flemmi 's common-law stepdaughter Deborah Hussey . Not only did Flemmi molest her when she was 17  an act Flemmi maintains happened twice and was consensual  , he also lured her to her death at age 26 after first taking her shopping . "  That murder could have been prevented by one word from Bulger , " Flemmi said . "  All he had to say was p-a-s-s , pass . I would have been happy . " Flemmi testified he watched and did nothing as Bulger strangled the troubled girl with his bare hands . After she was dead he removed her beige sweater , pulled-out her teeth , and then buried her in a basement floor , he testified . "  You murdered your stepdaughter , " Brennan charged . "  In the eyes of the law , yes , " Flemmi responded , "  but physically no . " Bulger 's lawyer then continued to portray Flemmi as a pedophile , whose actions contributed to his stepdaughter 's drug addiction . Flemmi became unnerved , pointing at Bulger who sat just eight feet away , snapping , "  You want to talk about pedophilia , right over there at that table . " He then referenced a trip Bulger made to Mexico with a 16-year-old-girlfriend . Lawyers for Bulger , who is charged with 19 murders , extortion and racketeering , also questioned Flemmi about the murder of Flemmi 's girlfriend , Debbie Davis . Flemmi said in earlier testimony that Bulger strangled the 26-year-old beauty because she knew the name of a rogue FBI agent who had recruited Bulger and Flemmi to work as informants . "  In Bulger 's eyes that was a serious offense , " Flemmi testified . Brennan asked about dinner meetings Flemmi had with Connolly at Flemmi 's parents ' home and wondered why they were n't killed . Flemmi called the question "  ridiculous " and said , "  All my mother knew was how to cook and she was a very good cook . She did n't know John Connolly from a hole in the wall . " Bulger 's lawyer pointed out Davis was murdered after Flemmi learned she was involved with another man . And he tried pointing out inconsistencies in Flemmi 's prior testimony about exactly where the woman died in the house she had been lured to , upstairs or after Flemmi and Bulger carried her to the basement . "  I 'm not a doctor . She looked dead to me . She felt dead . She was dead , " said Flemmi , who testified earlier that Bulger strangled Davis upstairs . He also said her death was "  such a distasteful act , it 's a guilt trip I 've been on all these years . " In an attempt to show Flemmi was his own man , Brennan led Flemmi through a series of murders and crimes he committed before he met Bulger . Flemmi contended as part of a criminal gang , he could n't back out or say ` No ' once the gang had made a decision . "  You do n't understand the underworld at all , " Flemmi hissed at Bulger 's lawyer . "  You do n't know nothing . That 's the real world . That 's the world I was involved in . " The trial resumes Wednesday with Flemmi still on the stand .	Stephen "  The Rifleman " Flemmi was "  Whitey " Bulger 's partner and henchman Flemmi is now a star prosecution witness in Bulger 's federal trial on murder and other charges Bulger 's lawyer grills Flemmi on killings , Flemmi 's admission he molested his stepdaughter The stepdaughter subsequently was killed by Bulger ; Flemmi says he did nothing
CNN  -- When Tessa Thompson was a little girl , she carefully cut out clothes to dress her paper dolls , but her real dream was to own an American Girl doll . Those characters with custom wardrobes and historical pedigrees are still coveted by kids all over . Thompson never got her longed-for toy , but she got a better gift : These days the 29-year-old actress gets to go to work each day and dress like a living doll on the set of the TV period drama "  Copper . " Corsets , shawls , veils , a sweeping evening gown , vintage 1865 , are her reality . She plays Sara Freeman , wife of Dr. Matthew Freeman  Ato Essandoh  , who partners up with Detective Kevin Corcoran  Tom Weston-Jones  in using early forensic techniques to solve crimes in New York City . On the set , where the slums of Five Points and the developing African-American community of Carmansville meet the brownstones of tony Fifth Avenue , Civil War-era New York comes alive . The BBC America show returns for its second season on Sunday . Bringing 19th century New York to life on "  Copper " The historical costumes allow the actors to embody their characters , from how they work , move and breathe in the garments to the choices in design and color their fictional counterparts might make . "  It really is n't until you put on the corset and lace up your boots that you can look in the mirror and see staring back at you what you hope to project , " Thompson said . Head costumer Delphine White , who has been designing for 41 years , and her talented team collaborate with the actors to create hundreds of outfits and accessories suitable for the diverse cast . Her team is full of cutters , sewers , dyers and even an on-call cobbler and milliner . The "  stitchers " apprenticed in Europe for seven years before they called themselves seamstresses , White said , and she counts herself lucky . Together , they made 600 dresses , frock coats and union suits for the first season alone . From studying photographs and ladies ' magazines , White was able to paint a clear picture for her team of what different social classes wore at the time . Then she collaborated with the production team to decide on a color range and distinct look for each neighborhood . Uptown , the tones were cool , while Five Points was earthy and sepia-toned . But the second season of "  Copper " has brightened colors and loosened the corset stays all around town . Actress Anastasia Griffith was relieved to give her uptown character , Elizabeth Haverford , some literal breathing room . Her tightly laced silk gowns stunned in every episode last year , but she could barely move her arms in some of the voluminous dresses and tiny corsets . "  In the first season , we see this tightly wound human being who is so trapped in this gilded cage of the costume and you do n't see her internal life , " Griffith said . "  In the second , we dive into her unraveling . The costumes have been really influential in helping me inhabit that energy . " Larysa Kondracki , co-producer and director for many of the episodes , let Griffith lose the corset for some of the episodes so she could be free and natural . The duality of Elizabeth 's character also allows for Griffith to play to and against the grandiosity of her station . She sits primly in the drawing room , but has also been capable of some duplicitous actions . Veils allow Griffith to obscure her face and heighten Elizabeth 's sense of mystery . "  At the time , women could not exist outside of a man 's domain . I hope I crack open her true vulnerability , and the Machiavellian necessity Elizabeth finds . She has to be smart enough to play along even though in her heart she is a very independent spirit . " Both Thompson and Griffith were able to collaborate with White and her team about the cut , materials and colors of their costumes . As happens with their conversations with the show producers , actors can casually mention an idea that soon becomes a stunning reality . Last season , Thompson 's character , Sara , was trapped on "  a plateau of sameness , and her costume reflected that . " She was trapped by fear , rarely left the house , and was suspicious of every person her husband encountered . She was also incredibly buttoned up and wore a variation on one costume . Now , it has been revealed that Sara is a seamstress , so sitting in with the design team influenced Thompson 's shaping of Sara . She helped design one of her gowns and watched as it transformed from sketch to costume over two weeks . When Thompson wore the dress , a group of the clothiers who worked on the creation came to watch her film the party scene , grinning like stage moms . "  As an actor , it feels like an honor to wear these costumes because of the tremendous amount of work , care and love that goes into making them , " Thompson said . Thompson also has more costuming options this year . Sara is less buttoned up and the color palette has become bolder and richer . Time is the biggest enemy when constructing the garments , because "  Copper " starts filming a new episode every eight days . That means new costumes have to be ready each week , so the team works around the clock . White has a unique approach to this complex process : Do the research , learn the conventions , push the boundaries and break the rules . She shops for fabric and lace in vintage shops , even stripping old tablecloths and curtains at times , but modern fabrics have worked their way in as well . The color combinations from the 19th century would n't hold any appeal for us now , White said . Some of the men in "  Copper " sport a Mick Jagger - and Robert Mapplethrope-inspired look , borrowing from the 1970s version of frock coats rather than straining for historical accuracy . It 's oddly fitting . Although not the timely music for 1865 , the rock 'n' roll spirit flows through "  Copper . " The characters in their weathered costumes project a rebellious , jaunty feel for a multifaceted city divided by change . "  A period piece is something I always wanted to do , to inhabit a world you are recreating or reimagining , " Thompson said . "  This storytelling in costume essentially becomes a 13-hour film of epic stories and you follow these people in a slow burning way . " Follow Ashley Strickland on Twitter @CNNAshley	` Copper ' is a period detective drama set in 1865 and based on early forensic methods Costuming for the show is done by team of cutters , sewers , dyers , cobblers and milliners Head costumer Delphine White consulted historical records to get the look right White also incorporated more modern colors and cuts to give costumes a unique flair
Berlin  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI met Friday with a group of people who had been sexually abused by clergy in his native Germany , where disenchantment with the Roman Catholic Church has grown in the wake of the scandal . The meeting , which occurred at a seminary in Erfurt , came on the second day of the pontiff 's four-day visit to his homeland . Besides talking with victims of sexual abuse committed by priests and church personnel , he also met with people "  who care for those injured by these crimes , " according to a statement from the Vatican press office . "  Moved and deeply shaken by the sufferings of the victims , the Holy Father expressed his deep compassion and regret over all that was done to them and their families , " the statement added . "  He assured the people present that those in positions of responsibility in the church are seriously concerned to deal with all crimes of abuse and are committed to effective measures for the protection of children . " The pope has had similar meetings elsewhere , in the face of outcries from many nations in Europe , North America and beyond criticizing the church for its handling of sexual abuse cases . Friday 's visit was unique in that it took place in the homeland of Benedict , where he 'd also served as a cardinal . He himself got caught up in the scandal in at least one case , when he -- as Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger -- approved the transfer of a man within Germany in the wake of accusations that the man had abused children . But the archdiocese has said the then-cardinal was never personally aware of the details of the man 's case . In March 2010 , the priest -- then identified only as H -- was suspended , the archdiocese of Munich and Freising announced . Five years earlier , enthusiasm was high in Germany 's Catholic community when Benedict was named pope . But the sex abuse scandal , and a perception that a conservative church is unlikely to change its ways , has affected the church in the European nation . According to Der Spiegel magazine , more than 181,000 Catholics have left the church since the scandal broke . And candidates for the priesthood have plummeted 62 % since 1990 , according to the German Bishops Conference . While he has visited Germany three times since 2005 , this marks Benedict 's first state visit as pope . On Thursday , he met with Chancellor Angela Merkel and President Christian Wulf . He also gave a speech before the Reichstag , Germany 's parliament , in which he spoke of the "  inviolable dignity of every single human person . " Benedict began his day Friday with a mass in Berlin and he met with 15 representatives of Germany 's Muslim community . In a subsequent speech , he said , "  the convictions  Catholics and Muslims  are becoming visible " while adding that "  constant effort is needed in order to foster better mutual acquaintance and understanding . " "  There can be a fruitful collaboration between Christians and Muslims , " Benedict said in the speech , a transcript of which was provided by the Vatican . "  We can offer an important witness in many key areas of life in society  such as  the protection of the family based on marriage , respect for life in every phase of its natural course or the promotion of greater social justice . " CNN 's Rick Noack contributed to this report .	Pope Benedict XVI meets with victims of clergy abuse in his native Germany He "  expressed his deep compassion and regret , " the Vatican reports It is his first state visit to Germany , which included meetings with top officials The pope also pushed for "  a fruitful collaboration " with Muslims
Facebook is relaxing its rules for teenagers . The 13 - to 17-year-old set now has the option to share photos , updates and comments with the general public on Facebook . That means strangers , and companies collecting data for advertisers and marketing companies , will be able to see select posts . Teenagers will also be able to turn on the Follow feature for their profiles , which would allow anyone they 're not friends with to see their public posts in the main news feed . The changes will take effect immediately , the company announced in a blog post . The new setting might help Facebook compete against other social networks that skew younger , and having public data on teens will also help the company appeal to advertisers . The social network is trying to balance the less strict settings with two other privacy protections . When new underage users sign up for a Facebook account , their posts will be shown to a more limited audience by default -- only to friends instead of friends of friends . If a teen decides to change the setting to Public , she or he will see a pair of pop-up warnings explaining what "  public " means . One warns they could end up "  getting friend requests and messages from people they do n't know personally . " Default settings for existing teens with profiles wo n't change or affect past posts . Privacy ? Forget it , we 're all celebrities online now Facebook has been around for more than nine years and stopped being a hip place for kids long ago when it was invaded by parents , grandparents and advertisers . It has 1.2 billion users . Even as it expands to all ages , the company has to work to hang on to the coveted teen demographic . In a recent Pew study , teens reported "  waning enthusiasm " for the social network , citing the presence of adults and drama . The site has become too important to typical teen life to abandon , so 94 % of teens on social media have a Facebook account , and the average teen user has 300 friends . Other social networks such as Twitter , Tumblr and Last.fm do n't prevent teens from posting publicly . However , if someone under 18 wanted to bypass the setting on Facebook before today , they could easily lie about their age when signing up for an account . Children under 13 are not officially allowed to sign up for a Facebook account , though they can skirt the rules in the same way . When someone underage does sign up for an account , Facebook assumes they have the permission of at least one guardian but does not verify it in any way . Young people and social media : Docs examine pitfalls	Facebook now allows teens to post photos and updates to the general public The company wants to compete against younger social networks and appeal to advertisers Stricter sharing will be the default , warnings will pop up before post is made public
CNN  -- Interest in hunting and fishing is on the rise , and autumn 's prime season for getting outside and up close to your food . The number of recreational hunters and anglers in the United States has increased significantly over the past five years , according to a recent U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service survey . The number of hunters has increased by 9 % , while the number of anglers has jumped by 11 % . While hunting has always been a way for self-sufficient people to feed their families , another theory for its current popularity is that it can also be an affordable "  staycation " for people trying to spend less in a poor economy . Steven Rinella , host of "  Meat Eater " on the Sportsman Channel and the author of a just-released hunting tome of the same name , says there 's more to it . As an increasing number of Americans become interested in where their food comes from and want to play a part in making it , Rinella says that many are newly compelled to try killing their own meat . "  I think it 's a cultural sense of people losing connection to the land and to their food , and they 're looking to rekindle their fires of passion for self-sufficiency , " says Rinella . The growing interest in farm-to-table dining is part of that rekindling . "  Meat is not just a trip to the supermarket and a Styrofoam-wrapped cut of meat . That meat starts as an animal , " says Jeff Rupert , chief of the Division of Natural Resources of the National Wildlife Refuge System . ` The Hunger Games ' bucks hunter stereotypes Hunting takes years to master Yet hunting is not the easiest hobby for a newcomer to master . Hunting is visceral . One is often in uncomfortable settings , and it requires a certain skill set that can take years to master . Those who still want to try hunting this fall have plenty of options all over the country in a wide array of comfort levels , and the Fish and Wildlife Service offers special hunting programs for children , novice hunters , hunters with disabilities , and women . Right now , Rinella recommends wild pig hunting in northern California and central Texas ; pheasant , geese , and duck hunting in North and South Dakota ; grouse hunting in northern Minnesota and Michigan ; and quail hunting in the southeast . Dear deer , you 're delicious Big game hunting -- think bear or elk -- requires permits that are a little harder to obtain without a long lead time . Here are a range of hunting and fishing experiences in the United States : High Lonesome Ranch , Colorado Some big-game hunting accommodations are about as bare-bones as it gets -- outdoor camps , roadside motels , RVs . And then there 's the High Lonesome Ranch , a sophisticated resort and ranch with guest houses and remote cabins on a property encompassing 300 square miles on the Western slopes of the Colorado Rockies . The ranch offers a range of guided big-game hunts that include access to the property 's free-range elk and mule deer herds . It also offers fly-fishing expeditions for five species of trout , and phenomenal wing shooting . Due to its conservation efforts and its work with state wildlife agencies , High Lonesome Ranch has reduced the annual numbers of big-game hunters , so be sure to call to see what 's available at any given time . Fly-fishing packages start at $ 1,530 and wing shooting packages start at $ 2,410 . Both include three nights ' lodging , meals , and guided fly-fishing for two days . Big-game packages vary based on species . 275 County Highway 222 , De Beque , Colorado ; 970-283-9420 Southern Woods Plantation , Georgia A classic quail hunt usually means sophisticated lodging , and rural Georgia -- a quail hunter 's paradise -- is dotted with old-school Southern plantations that specialize in guided hunts with trained dogs . Options abound , but check out Southern Woods Plantation in the Bobwhite Belt of South Georgia . The main house is sprawling and comfortable , and the hunting expedition is led by expert guides with traditional and specially designed buggies and a set of trained hunting dogs . Hunts are $ 450 for a full day plus $ 250 for lodging , with all meals included . Also in Georgia , the Bond Swamp National Wildlife Refuge , six miles south of Macon , just added migratory bird hunting and upland game hunting to its roster and added wild turkey to its big-game hunting program . To check out Bond Swamp , drive down to Macon from Atlanta and choose from a variety of accommodations , from Hilton and Marriott to Super 8s and independent hotel operators . 2331 Georgia Highway 33 South , Sylvester , Georgia 31791 ; 229-776-0585 Justin Trails Resort , Wisconsin The Driftless Area of Wisconsin is experiencing a great white-tailed deer season this year . To see some of the action , or to hunt turkey , wild pheasant , or waterfowl during the fall migration , book a room at the ecofriendly Justin Trails Resort in the countryside of Sparta , Wisconsin , a destination for nature lovers . The property -- a series of log cabins and suites equipped with fireplaces and jacuzzi tubs -- caters to nature photographers , hikers , and golfers , but the resort has relationships with local hunting and fishing guides in Sparta and in nearby Viroqua and Onalaska . They will be able to help out with licenses and gear . Hunting also takes place on the property during the gun deer season around Thanksgiving  so hiking is off limits  . Rooms range from $ 135 to $ 325 a night . 7452 Kathryn Avenue , Sparta , Wisconsin 54656 ; 608-269-4522 The Webb Farm , North Carolina For another quaint quail hunting getaway , try The Webb Farm , an inn encompassing 1,200 acres in central North Carolina . The Webb family has been organizing hunts in the Sandhills region for generations , and it puts a lot of time and resources into quality bird management and dog training , with a full kennel on the property . Webb Farm is big on encouraging the next generation of hunters to get into the sport and hosts plenty of corporate clients -- so experience and passion for hunting are not prerequisites here . Guests stay in a 19th-century style lodge with a large front porch , a great room with a fireplace , and simple but comfortable rooms . Days at Webb Farm end with a cocktail and a multi-course dinner  think fried quail , pear tarts , lobster mac 'n' cheese  prepared by the chefs . Rates range from $ 700 for a half-day duck hunt with lunch to $ 1,300 for a duck and quail hunt , lodging , lunch and dinner . Otherwise , lodging is $ 250 and includes breakfast and dinner . The fall season began on October 1 and will run through March . 522 John Webb Road , Ellerbe , North Carolina ; 910-995-0207 Grosse Ile Pilot House , Michigan The Detroit River International Wildlife Refuge , located near the Detroit suburb of Trenton , opened for the first time this fall to migratory bird hunting , upland game hunting , and big-game hunting . It 's a potential boon for a local economy that could use an influx of spending . The refuge includes islands , marshes , coastal wetlands , and 48 miles of the Detroit River . Because it is located so close to an urban area -- a rarity in the hunting world -- there are plenty of places to stay during a hunting expedition . But a unique option is the Grosse Ile Pilot house , a historic World War II officers club . Rooms are simple but not inelegant , with kitchens and queen beds , and the house itself is an old brick beauty with a white-columned porch . Rooms run from $ 86 to 96 per night . 9645 Groh Road , Grosse Ile Township , Michigan ; 734-671-2295 Shelter Harbor Inn , Rhode Island Those who do n't want to travel too far from major Northeastern cities to hunt may want to venture to Rhode Island 's Ninigret National Wildlife Refuge , which just added deer to its big-game hunting program and is open to sport fishing . This is a great destination for RVs and camping , but those disinclined to roughing it should try the Shelter Harbor Inn about five miles away in Westerly , Rhode Island . The property includes a large main farmhouse , a barn annex , and a carriage house , and rooms run from $ 116 to $ 198 a night . 10 Wagner Road , Westerly , Rhode Island ; 401-322-8883 How do you feel about people hunting for their own food or hunting as a sport ? Have you ever hunted on vacation or to supplement your pantry  or both  ? Please share your thoughts in the comments below .	Hunting makes connection between the live animal and meat , says "  Meat Eater " host Hunting wild pigs , pheasants , geese , ducks , grouse are all popular right now Big game requires permits and a longer lead time
CNN  -- Oprah Winfrey opened her talk show 's 25th and final season Monday with the surprise of a lifetime for her audience , a favorite tactic for the media maven . The 300 audience members will travel to Australia in December -- courtesy of Winfrey -- on an eight-day , seven-night trip that has been in the making for nearly a year , according to her production company , Harpo Productions . While there , the Sydney Opera House will be the site of a special "  Oprah Winfrey Show " taping before thousands of Australian fans . Monday 's surprise trip rivals one of Winfrey 's most famous episodes , when she gave away cars to each of her audience members to open her 19th season in 2004 . She 's also known for giving away thousands of dollars in gifts to the lucky audience members who attend her annual "  Favorite Things " show . Winfrey announced last year that she would be taking her longtime talk show off the air . "  Twenty-five years feels right in my bones and it feels right in my spirit . It 's the perfect number -- the exact right time , " Winfrey said in a statement at the time . Since then , the television mogul has said her show will go out with a bang . As of January 1 , Winfrey will move on to her new OWN network , and as a result , she told TV Guide that she has different standards for her guests for the upcoming season . "  This year will be about creating moments , " she said . The premiere week of "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " will feature an appearance by country stars Naomi and Wynonna Judd ; a return visit to Williamson , West Virginia , where Winfrey did an episode on HIV/AIDS in 1987 , to talk with the guests of that show ; a one-on-one with Bethany Storro , a victim of an acid attack caused by a stranger ; and the announcement of Winfrey 's latest book club selection , according to a press release . The premiere episode is supposed to be filled with celebrity guests and a surprise musical performance . "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " first hit national airwaves on September 8 , 1986 . "  I was beyond excited ... and as you all might expect , a little nervous , " Winfrey said in her statement announcing the show 's last season . "  I knew then what a miraculous opportunity I had been given , but I certainly never could have imagined the ` yellow brick road ' of blessings that have led me to this moment with you . " Winfrey told TV Guide , "  the show has n't been a big part of my life . It 's been my life . I did n't have children . I had the show . "  I do n't intend to be crying the whole season , " she told TV Guide . "  The only time I get really emotional and nostalgic about the show is when I think about the viewers . Hopefully some of them will follow me to OWN , but I know not everybody will . " But leaving behind "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " wo n't be the end of her entertainment career . OWN , short for the Oprah Winfrey Network , is touted as "  a multi-platform media company designed to entertain , inform and inspire people to live their best lives . " It launches on what is currently the Discovery Health Channel . CNN 's Breeanna Hare contributed to this report .	NEW : 300 audience members will travel to Australia in December Winfrey is preparing for the final season of her longtime talk show The show 's first episode aired on September 8 , 1986 Her new network , OWN , launches on January 1
Washington  CNN  -- With the official business of the 57th inauguration out of the way , Washington began preparing Sunday for a day of revelry -- and for the challenges facing President Barack Obama over the next four years . Satisfying the constitutional obligation to be sworn in on January 20 , Obama and Vice President Joe Biden took quiet oaths the day before the public ceremony at the Capitol , which is expected to attract a crowd of up to 800,000 on the National Mall . Obama will become only the 17th U.S. president to deliver a second inaugural address before leading the traditional parade up Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House . Monday 's events will be smaller than Obama 's first inauguration in 2009 , when nearly two million people witnessed the swearing-in of the country 's first African-American president . Less intensity this time reflects the reality of second-term presidencies , when the novelty and expectations of a new leader have been replaced with the familiarity and experiences of the first four years . For Obama , that difference is even sharper . His historic ascent to the White House in 2008 came with soaring public hopes and expectations for a new kind of governance that would close the vast partisan gulf developed in recent decades . Obama to acknowledge divided Washington in inaugural address However , a list of challenges that included an inherited economic recession and repeated battles with congressional Republicans over budgets and spending only hardened the opposing positions in Washington . Obama 's signature achievements , including major reforms of the health care industry and Wall Street , became symbols of political division , with opponents constantly accusing him of hindering needed economic recovery . A second-term Obama has vowed to press for an overhaul of the nation 's immigration policies and new ways to boost the sputtering economy -- proposals that are bound to spark battles with his Republican rivals -- and oversee the implementation of Obamacare . And the shootings at a Connecticut elementary school last month put the divisive issue of gun control on his immediate agenda . CNN polling released Sunday showed a majority of Americans -- 54 % -- believe Obama will be an outstanding or above average president in his second term , while 43 % said he 'd be poor or below average . And while overall , seven in 10 Americans hope the president 's policies succeed , only four in 10 Republicans feel that way , with 52 % hoping that Obama will fail . Obama 's senior adviser , David Plouffe , said on Sunday that "  the challenges and opportunities are enormous " in the president 's second term , and that those challenges would be confronted as soon as the inaugural celebrations play out . The tone of Obama 's inaugural address on Monday will be "  hopeful , " Plouffe told CNN on Sunday , explaining that Obama would "  remind the country that our founding principles and values still can guide us in a changing and modern world . " 13 reasons to follow the inauguration on CNN platforms "  He 's going to talk about the fact that our political system does n't require us to resolve all of our disputes or settle all of our differences but it does n't compel us to act where there should n't and is common ground , " Plouffe added . "  He 's going to make that point very clearly . " Plouffe underscored that Obama 's State of the Union address , to take place February 12 , will present a more specific "  blueprint " of the next four years . Obama 's swearing-in on Sunday took place in the ornate Blue Room , an oval-shaped reception space in the president 's official residence , where he was joined by his wife , Michelle , and his two daughters . Obama placed his left hand on a Bible held by Mrs. Obama that was from her family . He then raised his right hand . Chief Justice John Roberts administered the oath - his third time to hold that honor . After Roberts flubbed the order of words during the public ceremony in 2009 , a do-over took place in the White House Map Room the next day to erase any question that Obama was officially the president . Obamas , Bidens participate in National Day of Service Roberts did n't have any trouble with the oath this time around . He read from a white note card . Slash marks where Roberts paused to have Obama repeat the words were clearly visible . The event took less than a minute and Obama did n't make any formal remarks or statements . He did take a moment to hug his wife and daughters , exclaiming : "  I did it ! " Justice Sonia Sotomayor performed the honors for Biden at his home at the Naval Observatory in Washington , where the vice president 's extended family and a few Cabinet officials gathered to watch the ceremony . Katy Perry brings ` Fireworks ' to inauguration kids ' concert Both Obama and Biden went to Arlington National Cemetery after Biden 's swearing-in for a traditional wreath laying . The president and his family also attended services celebrating the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. at Metropolitan African Methodist Episcopal Church , one of the most historic churches in Washington . Inauguration activities kicked off on Saturday with Obama and Mrs. Obama and Biden and his wife , Jill , leading volunteers across the country in National Day of Service Activities . Later Saturday , singer Katy Perry headlined a concert for children of military families and Washington schoolchildren , hosted by Michelle Obama and Jill Biden . Singer Usher and the cast of the TV show "  Glee " were among others who performed . Sunday evening , the Obamas will watch Latino acts at "  In Performance at the Kennedy Center , " which is followed by the Let Freedom Ring concert . The Red , White and Blue Inaugural Ball and Hip-Hop Inaugural Ball are also scheduled in the capital . Viewer 's guide to the inauguration CNN 's Tom Cohen , Dana Davidsen , Brianna Keilar , Kevin Liptak , Dan Lothian and Gregory Wallace contributed to this report	Quiet official ceremonies for Obama , Biden precede Capitol swearing-in on Monday Chief Justice and Obama perform oath flawlessly this time Public events will attract large crowds , but smaller than Obama 's first inaugural Obama has vowed to press for overhaul of immigration policies , find new ways to boost economy
CNN  -- Two weeks after Apple announced a new iPad Mini , shoppers looking to snap one up for the holidays -- or just for themselves -- are no closer to knowing when the tablet might hit stores . There was no word Tuesday on a release date for the updated version of Apple 's tinier tablet , four days after its larger sibling , the new iPad Air , went on sale . When the two new tablets were unveiled last month , Apple CEO Tim Cook said the new Mini , with a speedier processor and the same high-definition "  retina display " as its bigger cousins , would be released "  later in November . " Speculation -- and when is even the most minor of Apple releases not preceded with flurries of speculation ? -- has begun to center on November 22 as a likely release date . Apple tends to release new products on Fridays , giving them a full weekend to rack up sales while excitement is high . Waiting a week later than the 22nd would have the Mini released on Black Friday , when it would face an avalanche of competition as virtually everyone in the electronics field will be offering post-Thanksgiving sales . Also , Hanukkah is uncharacteristically early this year , beginning on November 27 , the same day as Thanksgiving . To take full advantage of the holiday gift-buying season , Apple would want the new tablet on shelves before then . Adding to the speculation , a product listing on Target 's website recently listed the release date for the iPad Mini as November 21 , although that date appears to have since been removed . Apple did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment for this story . Whenever the iPad Mini arrives , supplies of the device may be limited at first . Early reports said the tablet would be delayed because of a shortage of its new , high-definition display screens . More recently , it 's been reported that Apple has turned to rival Samsung for help cranking out the screens in time for a holiday rollout . Japan 's Nikkei  Google Translate version  reported that the Mini displays from the Korean tech company would n't be available until next year , though . Apple says the new Pad Mini will come in two colors : silver or space gray . Prices will range from $ 399 for a Wi-Fi-only , 16GB model to $ 829 for a 128GB model with cellular connectivity .	No release date for the second-generation iPad Mini has been announced Speculation has centered on November 22 The new Mini has a faster processor and high-definition screen Reports suggest manufacturing on the tablets has been slow
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. and North Korean officials met secretly in New York in the days before North Korea 's latest round of threats and provocations , although nothing came of the meeting , according to a source familiar with the matter . The source described the meeting as part of regular back channel exchanges between the countries . Clifford Hart , the U.S. envoy for six-party talks aimed at North Korean denuclearization , met with North Korea 's deputy U.N. ambassador , Han Song-ryol , in mid March , according to the source . Northeast Asia on edge ahead of possible North Korean missile test Hart repeated the Obama administration 's call for North Korea to avoid provocative actions and urged a return to diplomacy , and Han promised to communicate the message to Pyongyang , the source said . The meeting was held as part of the so-called "  New York channel , " a process used for communicating and passing messages between Washington and Pyongyang in the absence of normal relations . In February , North Korea used the "  New York channel " to warn the State Department about its third nuclear test . White House spokesman Jay Carney , appearing on CNN 's "  The Situation Room , " said in general terms that the United States has a "  channel of communications with the North Koreans , and we utilize that channel . " The meeting was first reported by the Foreign Policy magazine blog , The Cable . Timeline : North Korea 's war of words escalates	Nothing came of New York meeting days before North Korea unleashed threats Source says meeting part of regular back channel exchanges The Obama administration called for Pyongyang to avoid provocative actions "  New York channel " set up for U.S. , North Korea to exchange information , messages
CNN  -- Oil companies evacuated workers from offshore wells , New Orleans prepared for possible flooding and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal declared a state of emergency as a tropical depression formed Thursday in the Gulf of Mexico . The National Hurricance Center issued a tropical storm warning Thursday evening for an area stretching from Pascagoula , Mississippi , to Sabine Pass , Texas . The hurricane center said tropical storm conditions are expected somewhere within the warning area . New Orleans -- much of which sits below sea level -- is likely to see 8 to 10 inches of rain in the next few days , Mayor Mitch Landrieu told reporters . "  What we do know is there 's high wind , there is a lot of rain and it 's going slow , " Landrieu said . "  That 's not a good prescription for the city of New Orleans should it come this way . " It was six years ago this week that Hurricane Katrina slammed into the Gulf Coast , devastating coastal Louisiana and Mississippi and inundating much of New Orleans . Landrieu urged residents to start collecting the items they might need in case of flooding or a hurricane , such as bottled water , batteries , nonperishable food , first-aid kits and family documents . They may not be needed this time , he said , "  But we seem to be entering the more active phase of the storm season . "  It is important for citizens to remember it is individual preparation at the end of the day that matters the most , " he said . Firefighters had been battling a huge wildfire in a swamp on the city 's east side for several days as the blaze spread smoke over much of the city . Landrieu quipped that city officials had hoped for rain , "  and it appears as though our prayers have been answered . " As of 7 p.m. Thursday , the tropical depression was centered about 225 miles south of the mouth of the Mississippi River and was moving northwesterly at about 6 mph . It had maximum sustained winds of 35 mph . In advance of the weather , BP and ExxonMobil ordered their Gulf rigs evacuated and have shut down their wells , spokesmen for those companies told CNN . Chevron , meanwhile , has ordered nonessential workers off the platforms , and Shell said it had begun taking some of its workers back to shore Thursday afternoon . "  Weather conditions are already impairing staff movement , but we are using all available resources to safely evacuate employees , " Shell said in a written statement . "  The number of evacuated personnel will depend on weather conditions , and we will only transport personnel if safe to do so . " "  Interests along the entire northern Gulf of Mexico coast should monitor the progress of this disturbance , " they noted . In the state of emergency declaration , Jindal authorized the state Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness director "  to undertake any activity authorized by law which he deems necessary and appropriate " to prepare for the storm . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Storm warning stretches from Pascagoula , Mississippi , to Sabine , Texas Louisiana governor declares state of emergency New Orleans mayor warns residents to prepare for flooding Shell joins BP and ExxonMobil in evacuating offshore platforms
CNN  -- Officials in Michigan Thursday urged residents living near the Kalamazoo River oil spill to evacuate the area because of health concerns . Between 30 and 50 homes are thought to be affected by the request , which was made by the Calhoun County Public Health Department . The Environmental Protection Agency indicated Thursday the spill is largely contained . Oil leaked Monday from a 30-inch pipeline , owned by Enbridge Energy Partners -- moving from Talmadge Creek into the Kalamazoo River , which flows from near the city of Battle Creek into Lake Michigan . The pipeline normally carries 190,000 barrels of oil per day from Griffith , Indiana , to Sarnia , Ontario . The leak was stopped Tuesday , but not before an estimated 19,500 barrels of oil slipped out . The cause of the spill is under investigation . "  The Health Department is recommending evacuation due to the higher-than-acceptable levels of benzene found in air quality tests and the adverse long-term affect associated with exposure , " officials said in a statement . Benzene can cause drowsiness , dizziness , rapid or irregular heartbeat , headaches , tremors , confusion , or unconsciousness , the department said . Health officials have advised residents to stay away from oil fumes and to avoid the spill site . The spill covers 25 miles and resources will be put in full force to prevent it from contaminating Morrow Lake and Lake Michigan , Environmental Protection Agency 's Ralph Dollhopf said Thursday . "  We do n't anticipate  the spill  getting beyond the containment it already has , " Dollhopf . Enbridge said that 2,400 barrels of oil have been recovered and pumped into large tanks by noon Thursday . An additional 10,000 barrels of oil have been isolated into a holding area and will be pumped into holding tanks , the company said . Enbridge and the EPA doubled their resources in their bid to contain and clean up the spill and crews were busy along the river Thursday . Mark Durno , the EPA 's deputy incident commander for the site , said that the oil had n't reached the popular Morrow Lake , between Battle Creek and the city of Kalamazoo , and that holding the oil back from the lake will be "  the last line of defense . " Tom Sands , a Michigan state police captain overseeing Michigan 's emergency response , said he saw an oil sheen on the lake . He also said containment efforts were falling short . He said he perused the area the day before and said more collections sites were needed . "  This is a serious situation and we need more resources to that area , " Sands said . The action came a day after Gov. Jennifer Granholm demanded a large response to the spill , which was estimated at 19,500 barrels of oil . Enbridge Energy Partners stopped the leak from its pipeline and is committed to cleaning up the oil , its CEO said Wednesday . "  Our intent is to return your community and the waterways to its original state , " Patrick Daniel said at a news conference in Battle Creek , Michigan . "  We 've made significant progress since yesterday . We still have a lot of work to do . " The company set up a website  www.response.enbridgeus.com  and a toll-free number  800-306-6837  for residents and volunteers . A Calhoun County Health Department water advisory was issued for anyone with an underground well within 200 feet of the river 's banks as a precaution until the water quality can be evaluated , Health Officer Jim Rutherford said at a news conference Thursday . Bottled water will be available for affected residents , which is approximately 100 households .	NEW : The EPA says the spill is largely contained As many as 50 homes are affected by an evacuation recommendation Nearby residents are told to avoid the spill scene Nearly 20,000 barrels of oil slipped out of a pipeline
CNN  -- Victor Cruz had no idea what he would say to a family dealing with unthinkable grief . He just knew he had to be there . That , on this emotional day , was enough . The star New York Giants receiver drove to Newtown , Connecticut , this week to meet with the family of Jack Pinto , one of the 20 children killed in the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre . The 6-year-old boy had been buried a day earlier , wearing the No. 80 jersey of his favorite football player . Cruz did n't have any speech prepared . He came to deliver a pair of cleats he had worn two days earlier when the Giants lost to the Atlanta Falcons -- he had scrawled the words "  Jack Pinto , My Hero " on one and "  R.I.P. Jack Pinto " on the other -- but mostly he was there to offer support . He listened to the family talk about Jack , sitting in the same chair where the boy 's father watched the Giants beat the Patriots in the Super Bowl 10 months earlier . He played the Madden football video game with the kids , quickly discovering that being there was more important than anything he could say . "  I was a little nervous , " Cruz said . "  I just did n't know how I was going to be received . You never know , when they 're going through something like that , how it 's going to go down . Once I got there and I saw all the kids there with my jersey on , the family ... the family was outside , and they were still pretty emotional , crying . I saw how affected they were by just my presence alone . " We hear a lot about the "  power of sports , " and usually , that phrase is little more than a clich  . But as 2012 comes to a close , there were plenty of examples of athletes using their popularity and influence to make a difference in their communities and beyond . Strangers inspired to honor Newtown victims There were the New York Mets players , past and present , who rallied around a team employee named Shannon Forde . The media relations director and young mother was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer , so the team organized a massive charity dinner and auction . Up for bids : pitching lessons with former Cy Young Award winners Dwight Gooden , Johan Santana and R.A. Dickey ; hitting lessons from Mets third baseman David Wright ; and signed bats from Yankee stars Derek Jeter and Alex Rodriguez . There was the story of the New York marathon , canceled in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy . With nowhere to run , thousands of athletes instead spent the weekend in the hardest-hit areas , unloading supplies at shelters or helping to clean up wrecked homes . Some had seen a lifelong dream washed away but instead accomplished something even more fulfilling . There were the Indianapolis Colts players and cheerleaders who shaved their heads to support cancer research . The team 's head coach , Chuck Pagano , was forced to leave the team after he was diagnosed with leukemia . In the months that followed , the team raised more than $ 250,000 , and several local businesses also held successful fundraisers . And then there was the support after the Newtown tragedy . Tennessee Titans running back Chris Johnson wrote the names of all 20 young victims on his cleats and then scored on a 94-yard touchdown run . Jeter , the iconic Yankees shortstop , called the family of teacher Victoria Soto , who hid her students in a bathroom and died trying to protect them from shooter Adam Lanza . Simple gestures like these ca n't make the pain go away . But Giants head coach Tom Coughlin might have summed up their potential impact the best when he talked to Cruz about his trip to Newtown : "  That family will remember that all their days . And hopefully , some of their grief might at least temporarily be spent in being able to embrace Victor Cruz . " Cruz first heard that one of the victims at Sandy Hook Elementary was a fan through his Twitter feed . He spoke to the Pinto family on Saturday night from his hotel room in Atlanta , making a promise to the boy 's 11-year-old brother , Ben , that he would stay in touch . So on Tuesday , the Giants ' off day , he drove with his fianc  e and 11-month-old daughter to keep that pledge . He played football in the front yard with some of the other kids in the neighborhood , "  We got to smile a little bit , which was good for them , " Cruz said . "  It was a time where I just wanted to be a positive voice , a positive light in a time where it can be really negative . They 're a great family , and they 're really united right now , and it was good to see . "  We reached out to them , and we exchanged information , so we 're going to try as much as we can to keep in contact . Just little things , just to say hello a couple months from now , years , and just say ` How you doing ? ' and stuff like that , just to see how they 're doing from time to time . " Sometimes , the little things can show that the "  power of sports " is more than just a clich  . Ways to donate in memory of the victims	New York Giants ' Victor Cruz was Newtown victim Jack Pinto 's favorite player Cruz visited the family in Newtown this week He says he plans to stay in touch with the PIntos Like Cruz , many sports stars made a difference in their communities this year
CNN  -- A string of car bombings in predominantly Shiite neighborhoods across Baghdad on Monday killed 37 people and wounded 155 , adding to rising concern about sectarian violence across Iraq . According to police officials , 11 bombs exploded in busy areas of the city and its suburban districts , including three bombings in the predominantly Shiite Al-Shaab suburb . After several years of relative stability in Iraq , violence has been on the upswing of late . More than 5,000 civiilans have died and 12,000 have been wounded in terrorist attacks and other violence in Iraq in 2013 , the United Nations Mission in Iraq reported this month . The region around Baghdad has been the hardest-hit , the agency said . The violence suggests that "  Iraq may be moving back to a level of civil conflict that will amount to a serious civil war , " the Center for Strategic and International Studies warned in a recent report . "  There is also substantial reporting to show that Iraq 's violence is not simply the product of extremists and terrorist groups , " authors Anthony Cordesman and Sam Khazai said in the September 9 report . "  Iraq 's growing violence is also the result of the fact that Iraq is the scene of an ongoing struggle to establish a new national identity : one that can bridge across the deep sectarian divisions between its Shi'ites and Sunnis as well as the ethnic divisions between its Arabs and its Kurds and other minorities , " they wrote . Last week , the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said it was increasingly concerned that recent sectarian violence threatens to set off a new refugee crisis within the country . About 5,000 people have been forced to flee the recent violence around Baghdad , heading largely for Anbar and Salah Al-Din governates , the agency siad . The country is still struggling to deal with more than 1.3 million people who fled from one part of Iraq to another to escape earlier sectarian violence , the U.N. agency said . Funeral car bombings kill 53 , wound dozens in eastern Baghdad CNN 's John Defterios and journalist Aqeel Najam contributed to this report .	NEW : United Nations says such violence could signal new refugee crisis Car bombings strike predominantly Shiite neighborhoods , authorities say More than 5,000 have died across the country in 2013 , U.N. agency says
A vicious attack at an anti-racism demonstration in Stockholm , Sweden , on Sunday proved the protesters have a legitimate concern . A group of 40 far-right extremists threw stones , bottles and fireworks at a group of 200 people holding an organized , legal demonstration to oppose racism and growing neo-Nazi sentiment in the area , Stockholm police spokesman Sven-Erik Olsson said Sunday . Two demonstrators and two police officers were injured and taken to the hospital , Olsson said . The incident led to 28 arrests , and the suspects could face a maximum charge of attempted murder , though Olsson said more likely , those arrested will be charged with assault and violence against a police officer . The suspects will likely appear in court Sunday night and be released pending trial , according to Olsson . Demonstrators chose the Kalltorp area of Stockholm for their event because neo-Nazi graffiti recently has blighted buildings there , Olsson said .	40 neo-Nazis confronted 200 anti-racism demonstrators in Stockholm on Sunday 28 of the right-wing extremists were arrested after throwing bottles , stones at the protesters Four people were injured , including two police officers Police says the suspects will likely be released Sunday night pending trial
CNN  -- As head of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change  IPCC  , Dr. Rajendra Pachauri is at the forefront of global efforts to combat climate change . Dr. Rajendra Pachauri The IPCC was the joint winner -- along with Al Gore -- of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize . Pachauri -- an economist and environmental scientist -- has been Chairman of the IPCC since 2002 . Dr. Pachauri began his career with Diesel Locomotive Works in Varanasi , India , before attending North Carolina State University where he gained a clutch of qualifications including PhDs in Industrial Engineering and Economics . In a long and distinguished career he has served on the boards of many institutions and committees . Since 1981 , he has been Director General of TERI  The Energy and Resources Institute  -- an Indian based non-profit scientific and policy research organization . In 1999 , Dr. Pachauri was appointed to the board of both the Indian Oil Corporation Limited and the Institute for Global Environmental Strategies  IGES  in Japan . He served on both for three years . In 2001 Dr. Pachauri was awarded the Padma Bhushan -- one of India 's highest civilian awards -- for his environmental work . Read Dr. Pachauri 's blog .	Dr. Rajendra Pachauri is trying to combat climate change He is a joint winner of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize with Al Gore Pachauri was awarded the Padma Bhushan , one of India 's highest awards
Tokyo  CNN  -- Police have detained two American men as part of an investigation into the strangling death of an Irish exchange student in Tokyo , Japanese authorities said Sunday . Nicola Furlong , 21 , was found dead in a hotel room with one of the men , according to Tokyo police . The men were not charged in Furlong 's death . Rather , police arrested the men on suspicion of improperly touching Furlong 's friend in a taxi early Thursday , as the four headed back to the hotel , authorities said . Authorities would not say how the four ended up together , but Japanese media reported that the women were attending a Nicki Minaj concert in Tokyo when they met the men and decided to accompany them to their hotel rooms . Police said both men in custody were entertainers -- a 19-year-old musician and a 23-year-old dancer -- but did not say if they were part of Minaj 's entourage . The hotel staff found Furlong unconscious after customers complained of loud noises coming from the room , police said . When the staff got to the room , they found her in the room with the 19-year-old and called the fire department , Tokyo authorities said . The death is believed to be as a result of suffocation by cervical compression , police said . Furlong 's parish priest , the Rev. Jim Fitzpatrick , described her as an "  outgoing , bubbly sort of girl and very well liked , " and said she was looking forward to coming home after having been in Japan since October . "  Everyone 's a little devastated , " in her close-knit rural community , which has only 300 or 400 families , he said . "  When the death of a young person happens , everybody knows and is in some way involved or concerned , " he said . "  When it happens in tragic circumstances and so far away from home , it has a double impact on people . " Her parents last spoke to her the day she died , he said . She was "  very close " to her siblings , particularly her sister Andrea , Fitzpatrick said . The U.S. State Department confirmed the arrests , but could not provide additional details , citing privacy concerns . CNN 's Jamie Crawford , Randi Kaye and Bharati Naik contributed to the report .	NEW : Nicola Furlong was an "  outgoing , bubbly " girl , her parish priest says NEW : Her rural Irish community is devastated , the Rev. Jim Fitzpatrick says The 21-year-old is found dead in a hotel room with one of the men , police say The death is believed to be a result of strangling
CNN  -- Japan on Tuesday described an attack on a car carrying the country 's ambassador in Beijing as "  very regrettable . " Ambassador Uichiro Niwa was unhurt in Monday 's incident but a man ripped off the Japanese flag flying on the vehicle . "  It was very regrettable -- the national flag shows the country 's dignity and it 's a principle of international law that you should respect it , " Japan 's foreign minister , Koichiro Gemba , told reporters . Relations between the two countries have been tense in recent weeks , with anti-Japan protests erupting in several Chinese cities earlier this month over a disputed island chain known as Diaoyu in China and Senkaku in Japan . Anti-Japan protests erupt in China amid island dispute Gemba said he planned to send Japan 's vice foreign minister , Tsuyoshi Yamaguchi , to deliver a letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao on behalf of Japan 's prime minister . He said that Tokyo demanded preventative measures and a criminal investigation . Xinhua , China 's official news agency , said that authorities were "  seriously investigating " the case . "  The Chinese government always conscientiously fulfills the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations to protect the safety of foreign embassies and personnel , " Xinhua said . Diplomatic vehicles in China carry special number plates but typically only ambassadors ' cars display national flags . Gemba also said that Japan and China needed to exchange views on the current bilateral relationship and regional issues such as the Korean peninsula . Diplomatic tension ratcheted up after pro-Beijing activists landed on one of the disputed islands earlier this month . They were arrested by Japanese authorities and later deported . Japanese activists landed on the islands days later carrying Japanese flags , draping one over a lighthouse . The landings triggered protests across China .	Japan labels incident "  very regrettable " Envoy unhurt but Japanese flag on the vehicle was snatched Relations between two countries tense in recent weeks Tension stems from territorial dispute over island chain
CNN  -- Not your typical Valentine 's Day release , "  Die Hard " 's fifth is Hollywood 's counterpunch to chocolates , roses and romance . It 's an anti-date movie . Well , unless your date is also your dad . Bruce Willis has been playing John McClane , off and on , for a quarter century now , and while he shows no inclination of throwing in the towel , it 's hard to see much future for the geriatric action film he and his former Planet Hollywood cronies are peddling these days with "  The Expendables . " "  A Good Day to Die Hard " is a more lavish demolition derby than "  Bullet to the Head " or "  The Last Stand , " but it 's also more slavish in its adherence to a formula that 's all but spent . No one 's heart seems to be in it , they 're just going through the motions . Why ` Die Hard ' is the perfect Valentine 's Day movie for guys A New York cop who scarcely seems to spend any time in the Big Apple , McClane heads out to Moscow to bail out a deadbeat son , Jack , who I do n't recall featuring in the earlier movies . Jai Courtney , from "  Jack Reacher " and "  Spartacus : Blood and Sand , " is what they call "  fresh meat " and a more conventional action hero than Justin Long was in McClane 's last escapade . But on this evidence McClane junior has n't inherited any of his father 's charisma or wry wit . Mostly he just looks put out , understandable as screenwriter Skip Woods makes sure senior always has the last word . Not that any of Willis ' wisecracks are anything to write home about . That trademark smirk is stretched pretty thin . It 's only after Jack has bust out of his trial , dragging a political prisoner with him  Sebastian Koch  that John finds out his boy is with the CIA . By then the extraction is blown , and father and son have a rogue militia wing tearing up the streets gunning for them . This is male bonding with a capital "  B , " but comparisons with the reinvigorated 007 series only show how far behind "  Die Hard " has fallen . A lengthy chase on the Moscow ring road throws entire fleets of Russian commuters under the proverbial bus , but still feels like an inferior copy of a similar sequence in "  Skyfall , " while director John Moore  "  Max Payne "  defaults to the ADD editing style that 's only good for disguising how thinly-imagined this show really is . Even a climactic showdown in Chernobyl , a potentially fascinating location for any movie , proves a damp squib . Moore gives us an abandoned industrial plant at night , and any radiation barely even registers as a factor  the McClanes do n't need hazmat suits ; they 're indestructible  . If there 's something crassly opportunistic about exploiting a real life disaster on the scale of Chernobyl for cheap thrills , that 's part and parcel of the film 's cynicism . There 's always been an undercurrent of xenophobia in the "  Die Hard " series , but this movie 's crude insistence on a corrupt , morally bankrupt Russia betrays simple-minded nostalgia for those Cold War days when the Berlin Wall demarcated good and evil . Do I ask too much from an action film ? If so it 's only because I have n't forgotten how good the first "  Die Hard " was  and still is  . The producers keep throwing more money at the franchise , but in this case more is less . Less attention to character , coherence and suspense , the very qualities that made "  Die Hard " stand out in the first place . "  A Good Day to Die Hard " ? A good time to call it a day .	Bruce Willis is back for the latest installment in the "  Die Hard " franchise The film finds his character traveling to Moscow to find his son Critic says it may be time to call it a day
Health.com  -- Recent headlines about contaminated foods , from peanut butter and salad to turkey and eggs , are enough to make even the most intrepid eater a little bit paranoid . But before you commit to a life of vitamins and astronaut ice cream , take comfort in the fact that you 'll likely be OK eating as you always have : "  We have a very safe food system , " says Shelley Feist , executive director of the Partnership for Food Safety Education . There are only three foods so risky that you should avoid them altogether . Here 's the red-light list : Raw milk Fans of raw milk  meaning milk that has n't been pasteurized or homogenized  credit it with having more beneficial bacteria and enzymes than its processed counterpart , but science has n't proven any of these claims . And raw milk can become contaminated in a number of ways : by coming into contact with cow feces or bacteria living on the skin of cows , from an infection of the cow 's udder , or from dirty equipment , among others . The special heating process we know as pasteurization is the only effective way of killing most , if not all , harmful bacteria -- which can include listeria , salmonella , and E. coli . Health.com : 10 types of food that can make you sick According to the Centers for Disease Control  CDC  , there were 86 reported food poisoning outbreaks from raw milk between 1998 and 2008 , resulting in 1,676 illnesses , 191 hospitalizations , and two deaths . Raw milk is responsible for nearly three times more hospitalizations than any other foodborne disease outbreak , says Hannah Gould , Ph.D. , senior epidemiologist with the CDC 's Enteric Diseases Epidemiology Branch . It 's no wonder selling raw milk to consumers is illegal in about half of U.S. states . "  We have two people , in California and Pennsylvania , who developed Guillain-Barr  syndrome -LSB- which can cause paralysis and respiratory failure -RSB- after contracting a bacterial infection called campylobacteriosis from drinking raw milk , " says John Sheehan , head of dairy safety at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  FDA  . "  These were healthy , active people who came down with debilitating , lifelong diseases . " Health.com : How to practice food safety in your home kitchen Raw sprouts When sprouts were identified as the culprit in the food poisoning outbreak that killed at least 50 people in Europe this past summer , you probably wondered : What could be so bad about innocent , vegan-friendly sprouts ? But food-safety experts were n't surprised . According to the CDC , there have been at least 30 reported outbreaks of foodborne illness in the U.S. from raw or lightly cooked sprouts since 1996 . All types of sprouts -- from the alfalfas you get on a sandwich to the mung bean sprouts garnishing your Thai food -- can be dangerous when not thoroughly cooked . This is largely because of how they 're grown , explains Michelle Smith , Ph.D. , senior policy analyst at the FDA : The warm , moist environment necessary for growing sprouts provides the perfect conditions for bacteria  such as salmonella or E. coli  to multiply . Health.com : How can you tell if food poisoning is harmless , or life-threatening ? Ask for restaurant and take-out meals to be sprout-free , since you ca n't know how well they 've been cooked . And if you just ca n't live without sprouts , try getting used to giving them a hot bath before you eat them : Research has shown that you can kill salmonella by immersing contaminated sprouts in boiling water for five seconds . Raw oysters from the Gulf of Mexico Everyone knows that eating raw shellfish can be dicey  and in fact the CDC advises against it entirely  , but bivalves from the Gulf of Mexico take it to a whole new level . Waters in the Gulf are warmer than those in the Pacific Northwest and other popular oystering spots , making it possible for a bacterium called Vibrio vulnificus to thrive . "  Oysters are filter feeders , which means they concentrate any contaminants in the water , " explains William E. Keene , Ph.D. , a senior epidemiologist at the Oregon Public Health Division . "  A number of toxins can get into an oyster , but none are remotely as bad as Vibrio vulnificus . " Health.com : 10 states where rare and exotic diseases lurk Healthy people who ingest a V. vulnificus -- ridden oyster might have vomiting , diarrhea , and abdominal pain , but for anyone with a compromised immune system , the bug can infiltrate the bloodstream , causing a severe and life-threatening illness called septicemia , which is fatal in one-third of cases . And while having a pre-existing medical condition puts you at particular risk , "  anyone at all can get horrifically sick , " Keene says . The good news is that several big seafood purchasers , like Legal Sea Foods and Costco , require that Gulf oysters be pasteurized before being served , as does the state of California -- so in these places the risk is far lower . Pasteurized or not , "  the simplest tactic here is to avoid raw Gulf oysters altogether , " says Sarah Klein , staff attorney at the Center for Science in the Public Interest . That can go a long way toward keeping you safer . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Pasteurization is the only effective way of killing harmful bacteria in milk There have been 30 reported outbreaks of foodborne illness from sprouts Eating raw shellfish from the Gulf of Mexico is particularly dicey
Manchester , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Seven Republicans will be on the stage Monday night at the CNN/WMUR/New Hampshire Union Leader presidential debate , but one candidate will likely be the center of attention . Thanks to his standing at the top of the most recent horse race polls , his fundraising prowess and his top-flight campaign organization , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney is generally considered the front-runner at this early point in the battle for the GOP nomination . According to a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Monday morning , Romney -- who 's making his second White House bid -- grabbed the support of 24 % of Republicans and independents who lean toward the GOP . Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin is second with 20 % , followed by former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and the rest of the field . But Romney 's standing skyrockets to 35 % -- 19 points ahead of the rest of the field -- when Palin and Giuliani , both of whom are still on the fence about the race , are taken out of the mix . Poll : Romney at top of GOP field Because of his front-runner status and nagging questions among conservatives about the health care law he instituted in Massachusetts , expect Romney to have a bull 's - eye on his back tonight in the early primary state he needs to win if he hopes to be the nominee . Here 's what to watch for : Pawlenty 's target : Romneycare For months , former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty has shied away from direct attacks on Romney but that 's about to change . Pawlenty signaled over the weekend that he intends to step up his criticism of Romney in hopes of making inroads with fiscal conservatives who might be uncomfortable with the former Massachusetts governor . The mild-mannered Pawlenty needs to start drawing the contrast : Despite hiring a blue-chip staff and spending significant time in the first-to-vote states of Iowa and New Hampshire , he remains a single-digit blip in most state and national polls . So Pawlenty took sharp aim at Romney during a Fox News appearance Sunday , tying President Barack Obama 's health care law to Romney 's health care legislation in Massachusetts . "  The president 's own words is that he patterned in large measure ` Obamacare ' after what happened in Massachusetts , " Pawlenty said . "  What I do n't understand is they both continue to defend it . " Pawlenty lumped both laws together with the invention of a new term : "  Obamneycare . " He repeated the criticism later Sunday at a campaign stop in New Hampshire . Expect to hear more health care talk from Pawlenty during Monday 's debate . The Gingrich relaunch Romney will be the center of attention on Monday night , but former House Speaker Newt Gingrich might have the most to prove . Gingrich 's entire senior staff abandoned his campaign last week , citing the candidate 's questionable work ethic and fundraising ability . And yet , Gingrich has vowed to march on with his bid ; he now has to prove that he can effectively run campaign the way he wants . Strong performances in nationally televised debates were always key to Gingrich 's White House hopes . But in the wake of last week 's campaign implosion , he must use Monday 's forum not just to show off his presidential timbre . He has to demonstrate that his candidacy is still viable . Ready for Ron ? Longtime Texas congressman Ron Paul is making his third bid for the White House . Paul has devoted and energetic followers , but he is thought to be somewhat out of the mainstream of GOP politics thanks to his calls to scale back U.S. military efforts abroad and his crusade to get rid of the Federal Reserve . But in the aftermath of the 2010 midterms , which saw Republicans make gains up and down the ballot after running campaigns built on scaling back the size of government , Paul insists that Republicans are moving toward his proposals . He pressed that message while on the campaign trail in New Hampshire on Friday . "  Some people say , ` Why do n't you make your message more mainstream ? ' " he said . "  Well , my message is becoming more mainstream . " Paul will try to make that case to a national audience tonight . Bachmann 's debut U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota has yet to form an exploratory committee , but all signs point to a Republican presidential bid . She is expected to launch a campaign in Waterloo , Iowa -- the town in which she was born -- in the coming weeks . She has lined up veteran Republican strategists Ed Rollins and pollster Ed Goeas to help run her political operation . And Bachmann has already proved that she can stir the passions of conservative voters in a way that others in the Republican field can not . Bachmann is already a national figure thanks to her frequent cable news appearances and unabashed criticism of Obama . But establishment Republicans have questioned whether a three-term member of Congress with a meager legislative record and a tendency for over-the-top rhetoric can go toe-to-toe with some of the political veterans seeking the GOP nomination  not to mention the president of the United States  . Her supporters beg to differ . Conservative audiences in Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina have been impressed by her policy-heavy criticisms of Obama . She will have a chance to demonstrate her seriousness on Monday . Hi , my name is Rick Santorum Rick Santorum may be among the least-known of the seven people on the stage . But thanks to his staunch opposition to abortion and same-sex marriage , the former two-term senator from Pennsylvania is popular with social conservatives who have played an influential role in choosing the GOP nominee . Santorum often touts his social conservative credentials . Last week , he told CNN Chief National Correspondent John King , who will moderate the debate , "  I talk the talk and I walk the walk , and I think that 's what people are looking for , an authentic conviction conservative . " Though he has spent more time in the key early caucus and primary states than any of his rivals , Santorum remains in the low single digits in just about every national Republican horse race poll . The Monday debate could give Santorum an opportunity to increase his name identification by introducing himself to the country . Santorum also has a more robust foreign policy record than any of the declared Republicans candidates thanks to his time in the Senate , something he might try to highlight on Monday . Rising Cain Herman Cain remains something of a curiosity to most voters , and Republican insiders largely discount his viability as a national candidate . But the former Godfather 's Pizza CEO has started to gain traction among social conservatives and Tea Party activists in Iowa who are expected to have a major voice in the state 's leadoff presidential caucuses . Cain has also made frequent appearances in New Hampshire and he delivered a strong performance last month at a Republican debate in South Carolina , albeit one that lacked Romney and featured just five candidates . Debates always give lesser-known candidates a chance to shine . With a knack for clever one-liners and confrontational barbs , he just might charm some Republicans getting their first look at the Republican field . Jon who ? Jon Huntsman , the former governor of Utah who resigned to serve as Obama 's ambassador to China , plans to make New Hampshire a lynchpin of his campaign . Despite spending loads of time in the Granite State over the past month , Huntsman decided to take a pass on the debate , saying that he is not yet an official candidate and still putting the finishing touches on his potential campaign . But Romney and Pawlenty both view Huntsman , with his executive resume and deep pockets , as a serious foe . It 's worth watching to see if any of the candidates jab at the absentee candidate over his service in the Obama administration or his decision to skip the debate .	Expect front-runner Mitt Romney to be the target of his rivals All eyes will be on Newt Gingrich to see if he can get his troubled campaign restarted Undeclared candidate Michele Bachmann has opportunity to prove her bona fides Debates give lesser-known candidates a chance to shine , woo potential converts
CNN  -- He was loved and admired all over the world for helping to end apartheid and heal the scars of a divided nation . But in his fight for total freedom , the liberation leader also devoted himself to another cause -- the empowerment of women . Here are five things Nelson Mandela did to advance female equality in his quest for justice . 1 . Gender agenda Although Mandela made tremendous strides in his battle to bring down apartheid , he recognized early on in his presidency that no major success was possible without gender equality . At the opening of the first parliament in 1994 , President Mandela declared , "  Freedom can not be achieved unless women have been emancipated from all forms of oppression ... Our endeavors must be about the liberation of the woman , the emancipation of the man and the liberty of the child . " With the representation of women in South Africa 's parliament jumping tenfold from 2.7 % during apartheid to 27 % after the first democratic elections of 1994 , Mandela took action by appointing over a third of women to his cabinet . And today , females make up 44 % of the country 's politicians -- not far off from the government 's goal to reach "  50/50 Gender Parity " by 2015 . One of the most prominent appointments was Frene Ginwala as the Speaker of the House . She secured this position throughout his presidency as well as the first term of President Thabo Mbeki . 2 . Women of anti-apartheid era In his celebrated autobiography "  Long Walk to Freedom , " Mandela acknowledged men were n't alone in the anti-apartheid movement . In fact , the ANC Women 's League played a critical role . One of the most memorable moments came on August 9 , 1956 , when 20,000 women marched to the Union Buildings in Pretoria to protest legislation requiring black women to carry passes in urban areas . "  The women were courageous , persistent , enthusiastic , indefatigable and their protest against passes set a standard for anti-government protest that was never equalled , " Mandela wrote in his book . Almost 40 years after the protest , in 1994 , he honored those women by declaring August 9 Women 's Day , a national holiday . 3 . Constitutional justice For Mandela , democracy and gender equality were far from separate issues . In 1995 , at the time of drafting South Africa 's constitution , he said , "  As a tribute to the legions of women who navigated the path of fighting for justice before us , we ought to imprint in the supreme law of the land , firm principles upholding the rights of women . On International Human Rights Day in December 1996 , Mandela signed the final draft of the country 's constitution granting South Africa 's women one of the most comprehensive set of rights in the world . South Africa 's Constitution , states "  The state may not unfairly discriminate directly or indirectly against anyone on one or more grounds , including race , gender , sex , pregnancy , marital status , ethnic or social origin , colour , sexual orientation , age , disability , religion , conscience , belief , culture , language and birth . " It even called for the establishment of the Commission for Gender Equality , with the vision to create a "  society free from gender oppression and all forms of inequality . " 4 . UN Convention In 1993 , a year before Mandela became South Africa 's first democratically-elected president , the country signed the United Nations Convention to End All Forms of Discrimination Against Women . Two years later , the rainbow nation later ratified the treaty while he was in office . Often referred to as an ` international bill of rights for women ' , the convention set out to end all forms of discrimination against women and still is yet to be ratified by the United States . 5 . Speaking up for women In 1996 , Mandela gave a compelling speech on South Africa 's Women 's Day , calling for full equality and an end to sexual violence against women . Not blind to the challenges ahead , he remarked : "  As long as women are bound by poverty and as long as they are looked down upon , human rights will lack substance . " "  As long as outmoded ways of thinking prevent women from making a meaningful contribution to society , progress will be slow . As long as the nation refuses to acknowledge the equal role of more than half of itself , it is doomed to failure . " But Mandela also went beyond rhetoric and took political action to improve the lives of women . During his presidency , he introduced free prenatal and postnatal care to mothers in the public health system as well as free health care to children up to the age of six . Though he was a firm believer in advancing women 's rights , today South Africa faces many challenges , in terms of violence against women . In fact , over the years , Mandela often expressed his dismay over the struggle to achieve equality for women . However , this hurdle did n't stop Mandela and his third wife Graca Machel . The pair continued to work on this issue after he retired from office . And , while the rainbow nation has not yet fully lived up to Mandela 's vision , he will remain an inspiration for all working towards social justice .	Mandela fought apartheid and advanced women 's rights Women made up a third of Mandela 's cabinet while in office He declared Women 's Day on August 9
CNN  -- Twenty years ago , Edward Djerejian , a former U.S. diplomat , famously worried that Islamists would exploit democratic elections to come to power , after which they would pull the democratic ladder up behind them . Instead of one man , one vote , he said , Islamists wanted one man , one vote , one time . Last week , Egypt 's President Mohamed Morsy , a member of the Muslim Brotherhood , and his country 's first democratically elected president , seemed to fulfill Djerejian 's grim prophecy . In a series of unilateral amendments to Egypt 's interim constitution , Morsy declared that his word "  is final and binding and can not be appealed by any way or to any entity , " and that he is empowered to "  take the necessary actions and measures to protect the country and the goals of the revolution . " But , as shocking as Morsy 's actions are , they do not prove that Islamists can not be democrats . Morsy 's decision to grant himself unquestioned authority was not the final , spectacularly public phase in some hitherto clandestine Muslim Brotherhood plan to erect a holy autocracy . Instead , the Egyptian president simply did what Egyptian presidents have been doing for more than 60 years -- that is , loosening institutional restraints on their authority in order to more easily fulfill their agendas . News : Is Morsy Egypt 's next strongman ? That Morsy is an Islamist is largely irrelevant . It 's likely that the autocratic temptation would have seized Egypt 's president regardless of his party or ideological orientation . This is not only because Egypt has had a distressingly long history of powerful executives , it 's also because , at this moment in Egypt 's political history , there is no actor , institution or organization able to keep the presidency in check . Under such circumstances , even the most earnest democrats would find themselves flirting with authoritarianism -- first in the name of the greater good , and then later , when pretenses can be dropped , in the service of naked ambition . Usually , presidential ambitions are tamed by legislatures , and this was to be the case under Egypt 's interim constitution . A parliament was elected in January , but the Egyptian Supreme Constitutional Court dissolved the body once it became clear that Morsy was on his way to being elected president . The ostensible reason for the dissolution was that the parliamentary election law ran afoul of some foggy constitutional provision , but the real reason was that Islamists dominated parliament , and the court feared that this Islamist legislature , coupled with a Muslim Brotherhood president , would lead Egypt irretrievably down the road to theocracy . In the absence of an elected legislature , it was left to the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces -- the consortium of generals who ruled Egypt for the 18 months following former leader Hosni Mubarak 's overthrow -- to counteract the presidency . But the Egyptian people and the generals had grown weary of each other . Word in Cairo was that the septuagenarian minister of defense , Muhammad Hussein Tantawi , wanted a way out , a "  safe exit " in which he could live out his days free of the indignities visited upon his old boss , who bounced between prison and infirmary . A bargain was worked out . The president clawed back the council 's powers and sent the minister of defense and the armed forces chief of staff into cossetted retirement  while naming them presidential advisers  . The political landscape now lay prostrate before him . Except for the judiciary , and particularly the SCC . To Morsy , the 17 men  and one woman  who make up that body constitute a defiant remnant of the Mubarak order . That a clash was inevitable was apparent from Morsy 's first moments in office , when his inauguration was delayed for several hours over his reluctance to be sworn in before the outgoing head of the court . Business : Morsy makes his power plays When the president decreed that the dissolved parliament should return to work , the judges shut him down . Later , he tried to fire Egypt 's attorney general , a Mubarak appointee . Again , he was told that this was outside his ken . Rumors swirled that the SCC was planning to dissolve the second constituent assembly ; others reported that a court was about to rule the Muslim Brotherhood itself illegal . Morsy and his men point to these things and argue that he was forced to take action . But what 's remarkable is what the president did n't do . For all of his complaining about SCC 's dissolution of parliament 's lower house , and for all the damage that the decision did to Egypt 's democratic transition , the president has indicated that he will uphold it . Essam el-Erian , deputy chairman of the Brotherhood 's political arm , the Freedom and Justice Party , has publicly called on Morsy to reinstate the parliament , but a presidential spokesman has said that there are no plans to do so . The president 's reluctance to bring back the parliament further reinforces the impression that his main aim is to expand the powers of his office , which he probably believes is better able to put Egypt right than a raucous legislature packed with unreliable Salafists and a fractious "  liberal " wing . Though the Muslim Brotherhood has generally fallen into line behind the president , there are signs that at least some of its members are deeply uncomfortable with what he has wrought . Muslim Brotherhood politician Ahmed Fahmi , the speaker of the upper house of parliament and a relative of Morsy 's , was reported to have said , "  We wish that the president had conducted a popular referendum on the constitutional declaration , because what he has done has divided the country between the secular and Islamic forces . "  Fahmi has since denied making the statement . Muhammad Abd al-Quddus , a Muslim Brotherhood member and a member of the board of Egypt 's journalists union , reportedly said , "  despite my membership in the Brotherhood , I am a son of the revolution for freedom . Therefore , I reject unlimited powers for the president , regardless of the reasons and the duration . " Even some of the president 's defenders have betrayed hints of ambivalence over his radical decision . Muhammad al-Biltagi , secretary general of the Freedom and Justice Party 's Cairo branch , declared that "  many have a right to be worried " about the president 's move to place his decisions above oversight , and he called for a national dialogue to arrive at a solution that would preserve "  the right of the president to perform his duties with full authority without political interference from Mubarak 's Constitutional Court , as well as the right of the political and social forces to receive guarantees against even temporary presidential tyranny . " Today , the only check on Morsy 's authority comes from the streets . And while the protests against the president 's decisions have been surprisingly robust , Morsy has so far resisted making concessions . In a meeting with Egyptian judges , he reassured them that he would limit his use of his new powers , but , as of this writing , his decree still stands . Though large protests are scheduled , the president may believe that he can afford to wait them out . After all , a repeat of the January 25 scenario is unlikely . The opposition to the president , though significant , remains fractured and uncoordinated , and in any case is far narrower than it was in 2011 . The military , which proved essential in removing Mubarak from power , has no appetite for a repeat engagement with the responsibilities of governance , and Morsy has more legitimacy -- at home and abroad -- than Mubarak did . And Morsy may believe that the great , silent majority of Egyptians are behind him . After all , Egypt 's GDP is about an eighth of the United States ' , and a greater percentage of Americans were literate during the Civil War than Egyptians are today . The vast countryside is likely untroubled by the president 's constitutional maneuverings . One might be tempted to ask what the United States , Egypt 's greatest foreign patron , can do to set that country on the right course . Some have suggested withholding aid , canceling loans and other means of pressuring Morsy to step back from the authoritarian ledge on which he now finds himself . These measures may produce flurries of positive statements and signals in the near term , but they wo n't change the fundamental alchemy of Egyptian politics . One only need examine the example of Iraq , which , after almost a decade of American tutelage has nonetheless glided into a form of dominant party autocracy , to realize that genuinely democratic governance can not be imposed , especially on poor , underdeveloped countries . None of this -- Egypt 's tradition of executive dominance , its feeble institutions , its weak political organizations or its enervated society -- is particularly the fault of the Muslim Brotherhood . In fact , if we are to take any lesson from the turmoil on the banks of the Nile , it is not that Islamists ca n't be trusted with Egypt 's presidency , it is that no one can . Morsy may yet reverse course , but odds are that this will not be the last time that an Egyptian leader tries to convince his people that he must kill democracy in order to save it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tarek Masoud .	Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy announced measures vs. judiciary Tarek Masoud : Some say this shows an Islamist party ca n't be trusted to run a democracy He says the power grab is n't a result of the Muslim Brotherhood , but of Egypt 's power vacuum
CNN  The leaves that go into a cup of Ceylon tea play a surprisingly complex role in the history of Sri Lanka . It started with a single camellia sinesis plant brought from China in 1824 by the British , who had colonized the island then known as Ceylon in 1801 . The plant was to be displayed in the Royal Botanical Gardens outside Kandy in the country 's lush interior -- but it has since grown into a $ 1.5 billion export business for the teardrop shaped island nation off India 's southern tip . Alongside the agricultural production of tea , which accounts for 2.5 % of the country 's $ 60 billion GDP , tea tourism is also emerging as a popular experience for travelers . In 1867 Scottish coffee planter James Taylor , the man who would be recognized as the pioneer of Sri Lanka 's tea industry , planted 19 acres of tea near Kandy at an altitude of around 500 meters . In the 1860s , however , Sri Lanka was the world 's largest coffee producer and few paid attention to Taylor . Two years later came the first seeds of change when Hemileia vastatrix , or coffee rust , was detected on the island . Within 10 years , this lethal fungus led to financial ruin for the island 's British coffee planters . Roughly 1,700 left for England while the remaining 400 or so switched to growing tea . Sir Arthur Conan Doyle famously commented that "  the tea fields of Ceylon are as true a monument to courage as is the lion at Waterloo . " Tea industry starts The East India Company brought Tamil women from Southern India to work as tea pluckers , ushering in the next chapter of human suffering on these lush green acres . By 1890 , the year Thomas Lipton arrived to purchase tea estates , 23,000 tons of tea were exported to London 's tea auctions . Ceylon had become an island synonymous with tea . Ceylon won independence from British rule in 1948 but the tea industry remained a colonial domain . When government pressure led to the selection of six Ceylonese men as the first indigenous tea tasters in 1950 , one of them , Merrill J. Fernando , remembers being told by British colleagues , "  You all eat too much curry , it ruins the taste buds ! " Even as the island nation became the world 's largest tea exporter in 1965 , the industry itself was still dominated by the British , who exported the tea as raw material and branded it overseas . Fernando began dreaming of packaging and marketing 100 % pure Ceylon tea , dispensing with middlemen and keeping more profits for his country , which officially became known as Sri Lanka in 1972 . Two destructive rounds of land reform in the 1970s delayed those dreams and nearly wiped out Sri Lanka 's tea industry , but in 1988 Fernando founded Dilmah Tea . Today , Dilmah is Sri Lanka 's most recognized international brand . World famous According to the World Tea Council , in 2012 Sri Lanka exported 340 million kilograms of tea , the third highest by volume behind Kenya and China , though number two when measured in value terms , thanks to the premium revolution begun by Dilmah 's founder . When asked about the future of Sri Lankan tea given increased competition from younger , more productive fields in Kenya and the global coffee craze , Fernando 's son , Dilmah executive Malik Fernando , points to his competition . "  We need Teaeli and others to continue introducing sophisticated products that identify Ceylon tea as the finest grown to the next generations , " he says . For his part , Teaeli founder Dushyantha De Silva saw a market niche five years ago . "  Ceylon tea had not changed much since my grandparent 's time , " explains the 22 year-old Colombo native . "  When our 26-year civil war ended in 2009 , we all knew a tourist boom would come . I felt the market had room to welcome creative new tastes , especially for overseas visitors who want to leave with a souvenir of Sri Lanka 's tea culture . " Sri Lanka 's top 7 tea experiences Dilmah Private Tea Tastings Sip-and-spit sessions , akin to wine tasting , can be arranged at Dilmah 's headquarters outside Colombo where anyone can learn to distinguish the island 's full-bodied Maskeliya low-grown teas from golden hued high-grown harvests like the Ran Watte single origin variety grown at 1,829 meters . Dilmah Private Tea Tastings ; 111 Negumbo Road , Peliyagoda ; +94114822000 ; by appointment , from $ 75 including lunch Euphorium Tea Salon Japanese-Sri Lankan owner Midori Peiris offers tea appreciation classes and serves bespoke blends like her black-tea based Chloe mixed with dried flower petals , as well as clever tea-based cocktails , Japanese-inspired lunch dishes and pastries . Euphorium Tea Salon , 3-14 Kynsey Road , Colombo ; +94115230523 ; Tues-Sat 10 a.m.-6 p.m. ; prices from $ 2 for a 50g leaf tea packet Ceylon Tea Trails Some 1,300 meters above sea level among the fertile tea fields of the south central Bogawantalawa Valley , visitors can find four sprawling planters ' bungalows built between 1890 and 1939 . They operate as a five-star tea resort with period antiques , Swiss trained butlers and a planter-in-residence -- Andrew Taylor , a descendent of Sri Lanka 's tea pioneer , who leads guests through surrounding tea estates . High tea 's served with premium Dilmah sips like Craighead Estate Ceylon Silver Tips and Rilhena Estate Gently Cinnamon Smoked Ceylon Pekoe . Ceylon Tea Trails ; +94112303888 ; rates from $ 405 Kahanda Kanda Five of the nine individually decorated suites face the surrounding tea plantation at this photogenic inn perched along the hills outside Galle on Sri Lanka 's southern coast . Guests can roam among the low country tea bushes and meet the resident pluckers but the intense flavor of the black tea produced here means most is exported to Russia and Iraq . Kahanda Kanda , Angulugaha ; +94912286717 ; rates from $ 365 Handunugoda Tea Estate A further 10 kilometers south along the coastal Galle Road , resident planter Malinga Herman Gunaratne escorts visitors around his working tea estate where rare white tea leaves , grown only near sea level , were traditionally cut by virgins with golden scissors . Handunugoda Tea Estate , Tittiagalla , Ahangama ; +94773290999 ; daily 8 a.m.-6 p.m. Sri Lanka in Style 's Hosted Tea Journey "  To understand this ancient medicine called tea " noted tea explorer and author Jeff Fuchs will lead an inaugural series of journeys this July among the cultures and landscapes that shaped Sri Lanka 's tea story . Along with daily tastings , guests will meet some of the Tamil women pluckers who still believe animist spirits thrive among these verdant bushes . Sri Lanka in Style 's Hosted Tea Journey ; seven - , nine - and 15-day tours ; from $ 3,874 per person Teaeli Though he 's already placed his teas at Colombo 's most popular tourist destinations including Ministry of Crab and Barefoot , the founder of this recently launched upstart makes house  and hotel  calls to introduce the innovative range , which includes Almond Truffle with real white chocolate bits and an Earl Grey concocted with cornflower , bergamot and blood orange . Teaeli , +94777536907 ; prices from $ 5 per tin	Sri Lanka became known for tea when Thomas Lipton started exporting the product to London in 1890 The island now generates $ 1.5 billion every year from its tea export industry Travelers can experience private tastings in Dilmah and live on a tea plantation
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea launched two short-range rockets off the east coast of the Korean peninsula on Wednesday , according to the South Korean Defense Ministry . The projectiles flew for about 180 kilometers  110 miles  before falling into the sea , officials said . North Korea has carried out a series of missile and rocket launches into the sea in recent months , drawing criticism from South Korea , the United States and the United Nations . The latest launch comes the day after South Korea dismissed a North Korean "  special proposal " to improve ties and reduce military tensions . Seoul said the North 's request was based on irrelevant and inaccurate claims . Opposing views The proposal asked South Korea to halt intrusions at sea and firing drills near islands close to the two countries ' disputed maritime border . North Korea also wanted South Korea to stop "  attracting " U.S. military hardware , including strategic bombers and a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier , into the region . It asked that South Korea cancel its planned joint military drills with the United States in August . "  Our people and the international community clearly know that the fundamental threats to the peace in the Korean peninsula and the future of our people are North Korea 's nuclear and missile development , " the South Korean Unification Ministry said . "  If North Korea truly wishes for peace in the Korean peninsula , not only should it stop its slander and threats of provocation , it should also show its sincerity in resolving nuclear issue , " the ministry said . Tensions over drills Park Soo-geun , a former South Korean military official , said Pyongyang might have fired the rockets Wednesday because of Seoul 's refusal to accept the proposal . "  North Korea has been continuously been pressuring the South to halt its joint military drills with the U.S. , " he said . Seoul and Washington have rejected previous demands from North Korea for joint U.S.-South Korean drills to be called off . Tensions have flared periodically between the two Koreas in recent months , notably along their maritime boundary , known as the Northern Limit Line . In late March , the two sides both fired hundreds of shells across their western sea border . Last month , the South Korean Navy fired warning shots after three North Korean patrol boats crossed the line . And a few days later , North Korea fired at least two shells near a South Korean patrol boat in the Yellow Sea . North and South Korea remain technically at war since the Korean War ended in a cease-fire , not a peace treaty , in 1953 . CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Susanna Capelouto contributed to this report .	North Korea fires two rockets into the sea , says South Korea 's defense ministry Launch comes after South Korea rejects North 's request to cancel military drills with U.S. It 's the latest in a series of rocket and missile launches by the North Tensions have also flared in recent months over maritime boundary
CNN  Michael van Praag , the head of Dutch soccer , has joined the race to become FIFA 's next president . The 66-year-old has been at the helm of the Royal Netherlands Football Association  KNVB  since August 2008 and has openly called for the current incumbent Sepp Blatter to step down . He announced his decision to stand on the body 's official website and raised concerns about FIFA 's current leadership in the process . "  I am very worried about the deteriorating situation at FIFA , the public opinion , the trustworthiness is very bad and with me a lot of people in the world believe so , " he said . "  I was hoping that a credible , fresh face would stand up to do it but unfortunately that is not the case . So that 's why I decided to take my own responsibility , especially after what I said in Sao Paulo and therefore I go for it . "  FIFA has to be normalized and FIFA has to be modernized . In my business life and also in Ajax and also in my association , I went through this exercise many , many times so I have a lot of experience in that respect . So I believe I 'm the right person to do it . " Van Praag 's announcement comes just a day after Blatter said , in an interview with CNN , that UEFA "  lacked the courage to come in " and stand against him in the presidential elections . Van Praag is one of a number of candidates hoping to topple the leader of football 's world governing body , who has been in the job for 17 years . After being re-elected unopposed in 2011 , Blatter could now face van Praag , former PSG and Tottenham footballer David Ginola as well as independent candidate Jerome Champagne in May 's ballot . Van Praag was president of the Netherlands ' most successful club Ajax between 1989 and 2003 , following in the footsteps of his father Jaap . During his reign Ajax added six Dutch league titles to its roll call of honors , the current total now standing at 33 . Van Praag has also been a member of UEFA 's Executive Committee since 2009 . Blatter announced his intention to step down at the end of his fourth term but backtracked at FIFA 's congress in Brazil last year , claiming his mission was "  not yet finished . " That decision drew criticism from a number of FIFA member countries , given the allegations of corruption relating to the bidding process for the 2018 World Cup , awarded to Russia , and the 2022 installment , given to Qatar . Van Praag was one of those to suggest Blatter should step down , telling him at a meeting of European officials : "  Few people still take FIFA seriously and , however you look at it , Blatter is mainly responsible . "  You are not making things easy for yourself and I do not think you are the man for the job any longer . "  FIFA 's image has deteriorated because of everything that 's happened in recent years . People link FIFA to corruption and bribery and all kinds of old boy 's networks . " Blatter enjoys firm support from the majority of FIFA 's 209 member associations and many see May 's elections as a forgone conclusion , despite the last few being blighted by scandal and difficulty . The Swiss enlisted U.S. lawyer Michael Garcia to probe claims that Qatar 's former IFA member Mohamed Bin Hammam used a multi-million dollar slush fund to buy support for the bid , charges that Qatar bid have strenuously denied . Garcia quit his role as chairman of the Investigatory Chamber of the FIFA Ethics Committee after objecting to the way his report into the bidding process had been summarized by German judge Hans-Joachim Eckert -- the organization 's independent ethics adjudicator . Bin Hammam was the only challenger to the president four years ago but withdrew from the race after he was suspended on bribery charges , leaving Blatter to run unopposed amid farcical scenes at the congress in Zurich . The head of European soccer 's governing body , Michel Platini , has called on Blatter to stand down , but announced he would not personally be running for president . It remains to be seen whether Ginola , or any of his fellow candidates , can make a significant dent in the support Blatter holds among FIFA 's members , and make the May elections anything more than another forgone conclusion .	Head of Dutch soccer announces plans to stand against Sepp Blatter for FIFA head post Van Praag voices concerns about the manner in which the body is currently being run Dutchman is the latest in a growing number of candidates standing in a bid to topple Blatter
CNN  -- A Massachusetts judge granted a defense request Monday to transfer ex-New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez to a jail closer to his lawyers in Boston as he awaits trial on murder charges . Judge Susan Garsh approved the move after Hernandez 's lawyers asked to make the commute shorter between their law offices in Boston and the jail in Bristol County where Hernandez has been held for more than a year . Hernandez 's lawyers have said the trip , about 60 miles , can take up to two hours in traffic . Since his arrest in June 2013 , Hernandez has been held at the Bristol House of Corrections in a 10-feet-by-7-feet cell . Inside the case against Aaron Hernandez Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson told CNN that Hernandez likely will be transferred to another jail on Tuesday . Watching the proceedings Monday were Hernandez 's mother and older brother , DJ , who is an assistant coach at the University of Iowa . Both have remained silent on the charges . Also in attendance was Ursula Ward , mother of murder victim Odin Lloyd . Hernandez is charged with "  orchestrating the execution " of Lloyd on June 17 , 2013 . In a separate case , the former tight end also is charged in the drive-by shootings of Safiro Furtado and Daniel Abreu in Boston in 2012 . That trial is set for May 2015 . He has pleaded not guilty to all three murder charges . Judge Garsh did not finalize a trial date in the Lloyd case , unsure whether the defense could be ready by October as she had suggested . On Monday , defense lawyers suggested they might file a change of venue motion , which could delay the trial . The judge also did not rule on previous defense motions to dismiss a first-degree murder charge or throw out a June 18 , 2013 search warrant of Hernandez 's home in relation to the Lloyd case . Hernandez 's lawyers have argued the state has failed to meet minimum probable-cause standards to make that first-degree murder charge stick . In a June hearing , defense lawyer Jamie Sultan told a judge all he 's heard is "  a lot of smoke " but few specifics . "  Who killed Mr. Lloyd ? Why ? Whether it was part of a plan and if so , whose plan ? What happened to the car , and what happened at the scene ? " Sultan argued in that hearing . The search warrant in question turned up evidence including surveillance video from interior cameras as well as cellphones , an iPad and other items . The images include a still allegedly taken shortly after Lloyd 's slaying that shows Hernandez holding what prosecutors believe is the murder weapon , according to a law enforcement source . A .45 - caliber gun allegedly used to fire eight shots has never been found . The case against Hernandez : Where 's the weapon ? Defense attorneys argue investigators did not have the legally required search warrant paperwork with them . In a motion , Hernandez ' lawyers state a Massachusetts state trooper entering the house "  clearly has no file folder in his hand , " with documents . If the defense successfully quashes the search warrant , the pictures from that search could become inadmissible . Prosecutors maintain the search was carried out by the book . On Wednesday , in a second court appearance this week , Hernandez 's defense team hopes to get a court-approved subpoena to demand the New England Patriots turn over all medical records and psychological tests involving their former star tight end . So far , Hernandez ' lawyers said there has been "  no agreement " with the team over their request for documents . A motion calls the records potential evidence that may bear upon Hernandez 's state of mind and "  physical and mental state " prior to Lloyd 's murder . The move indicates his attorneys might be considering a diminished capacity defense -- being less capable of knowing right from wrong -- legal experts said , if there is credible evidence . "  My instinct is they try to argue he was n't mentally capable of planning or intending any murder , and thus , first degree murder should be off the table , " University of New Hampshire law professor Michael McCann told CNN . The rise and fall of Hernandez Source : Hernandez 's anger over two trivial incidents linked to killing CNN 's Michelle Rozsa and Laura Dolan contributed to this report .	NEW : Aaron Hernandez 's lawyers want him closer to their offices as they prepare for trial NEW : A judge approves a transfer to a jail closer to attorneys Hernandez is charged in three murder cases Hernandez 's defense wants medical records from New England Patriots
New York  CNN  -- New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo announced Monday lawsuits to permanently shut down three Brooklyn-based companies that targeted Haitian communities with fraudulent immigration services . The companies and their owners , who are not lawyers , are accused of illegally providing legal advice and services to Haitian immigrants , charging them thousands of dollars to process immigration applications that could be filed for a nominal fee or free through a waiver . Further , as non-lawyers , the owners are prohibited from providing legal advice or representing anyone before immigration authorities , according a press release from Cuomo 's office . The lawsuits also seek to compensate the victims . "  In light of the recent devastating earthquake in Port-au-Prince , New York 's Haitian residents have sadly been a target for immigration scams , bringing further pain to a community that has already suffered so much , " Cuomo said in a statement . The U.S. Department of Homeland Security allowed all Haitians residing in the United States as of January 12 , when the powerful earthquake struck the island nation , to stay in the country for 18 months to seek Temporary Protected Status . After that announcement , the attorney general 's office received complaints that Haitian immigrants were targeted by companies offering fraudulent and illegal immigration services at high prices . "  These cases are a part of the Attorney General 's ongoing crackdown on immigration scams throughout New York , " Cuomo wrote in the statement . "  I urge anyone who has been affected by this type of fraud to contact my office . " The lawsuits were filed against Chay Pa Lou Community Center Inc. , Delegue Tax Consultant Inc. and their owner and operator , Jean Michel ; and Rincher 's Multi-Service , also known as Rincher Bookstore , Rincher Associates and Haitian American Entrepreneur 's Group LLC , and its owners and operators , Deslande Seixas-Rincher and Sharlene Seixas-Rincher . According to Cuomo 's statement , Michel 's companies face liability for more than 100 known violations ; the companies owned and operated by the Seixas-Rinchers face liability for more than 30 known violations . In addition , Cuomo 's office has obtained a court order against Chay Pa Lou Community Center Inc. , freezing its assets and precluding it from destroying documents and transferring assets . Calls to the three Brooklyn-based companies for comment were not returned . New York state law requires anyone providing immigration services to comply with advertising , signage and surety requirements , and to give consumers written contracts in both the consumer 's native language and English that detail their services and cancellation policy . Furthermore , it is illegal to mislead or defraud any person in immigration-related services . The Office of the Attorney General said it will coordinate with several New York legal associations to help handle the companies ' existing cases and to protect victims .	Companies accused of targeting Haitian community with fraudulent immigration services Companies ' owners are not lawyers but provided legal advice , Cuomo says Victims paid thousands for services that could be obtained for small fees , office says Lawsuits seek to shut down companies and obtain restitution for victims
CNN  -- The $ 3 million price tag might be steep , but so is the property -- an entire mountain in the beautiful English Lake District . Blencathra , a bleak curve-backed summit overlooking the northern end of one Britain 's most popular national parks , has been put up for sale by its current owner to pay a tax bill . "  We went through the pictures and furniture first , " Hugh Lowther told the Daily Telegraph newspaper . Lowther is the eighth Earl of Lonsdale , whose family has owned Blencathra for four centuries . Lowther said despite offloading an artwork by Joseph Turner , Britain 's most popular landscape painter , looming debts left him looking elsewhere . "  We sold a Turner for  # 1.4 million  $ 2.37 million  , a derelict farm steading and a couple of cottages which were vacant . And now Blencathra . " Reaching 868-meters above sea level , the mountain comprises six separate "  tops " and is often referred to locally as "  saddleback . " ` Unique investment opportunity ' The mountain 's rugged moss-covered flanks attract hikers from around the world . Even though realtors call the sale a "  unique investment opportunity , " the 2,677-acre property is subject to strict rural zoning regulations and would be tricky to build on . "  It 's such a visible part of the landscape ; that 's what makes it special , " John Robson , managing director of H&H Land and Property , which is handling the sale , told the Financial Times . The purchaser will , however , have the right to call themselves a Lord . The sale will include the "  Lordship of the Manor of Threlkeld , " an ancient feudal title that has been passed down through the Lowther family since it acquired the land in the 1620s . It 's a purely ceremonial title -- no crowns , scepters or castles will change hands . Sealed bids are being invited for the mountain with sale expected to be completed in July . Potential buyers should be warned though -- some analysts say Britain 's booming property market , like the climbers on Blencathra , may soon reach its peak .	Entire mountain put up for sale in Britain 's popular Lake District tourist destination Sale of Blencathra also gives the buyer the right to be called a lord Earl of Lonsdale says he needs to sell the mountain to pay a huge tax bill
Editor 's note : As part of CNN 's Defining America project , CNN iReport is conducting a cultural census . We 're asking people to share a self-portrait , show off their handwriting , tell us what they typically eat for dinner , and more . This piece is part of our series focusing on the self-portrait project . It was inspired by the fact that the self-portrait assignment was the most popular of the five cultural census assignments , with around 500 submissions . CNN -- After scavenging through thousands of strangers ' Facebook photo albums , you learn a thing or two about how to represent yourself online . "  You can tell who puts in the effort to curate their online profile and who does n't , " says New York artist Matt Held . With the help of wife Joelle Held , he has painted 75 portraits based on real Facebook pictures , and in the process gained an intimate look at some of the best and worst kinds of photos you can post . If you use social media , you 've no doubt seen a few people who are a little shy about the whole profile picture thing . Maybe they leave up the pale blue default avatar or hide in a massive group of nubile co-eds . Or , perhaps they have an outdated photo -- or keep changing it every day . Before you update your profile , think about what images you use to represent yourself . "  Nobody wants to see you making out with your boyfriend , " Joelle Held quipped . The Helds ' Portrait Painted project ran from 2008 to 2010 , and the Facebook photos they used were selected from the 5,000 or so new "  friends " they made along the way . Many of the Helds ' subjects made the paintings their default photos because they were such a unique creation that told so much about them . No surprise , social media sites are becoming more and more important for networking and socialization . New friends and potential employers alike could be encountering your profile photos and information before actually meeting you in person . Profile photos are all the more important now . Matt Held says he was looking for amateur-style images rather than glossy compositions from professional photographers . "  I was looking for that sort of everyday photo , but there had to be something quirky about it whether it was a prop they used or their hair was bright blue . " Share a photo of yourself as part of the cultural census project A profile picture conveys a sense of identity , and nowhere is this more apparent than on Facebook , which even has the word "  face " in its name . Inspired by the tradition of scholastic facebooks designed for students to identify each other , the site began as a place where college students could put names to faces and vice versa . Whether you 're searching for a new friend or reconnecting with an old pal , photos help bridge the gaps between individuals , says Meredith Chin , manager of product communications for Facebook . They also help distinguish one John Smith from another . Chin recommends using a photo of yourself if possible . However , it 's quite common to see people post photos of an inanimate object or their dog . "  Being able to see someone 's face is really important , " says Chin . "  It 's also a big part of expressing who you are . " She notes that this self-expression extends to becoming part of a community and feeling a sense of belonging . The Facebook team has noticed a few trends over the years . In the aftermath of the 2007 Virginia Tech shooting , students uploaded photos with the school colors as a show of support . Mother 's Day and Father 's Day bring photos of parents to profile walls every year , and spontaneous memes and trends sometimes pop up around holidays and news . President Obama 's inauguration inspired many Facebookers to post artsy photos of themselves filtered in the style of Obama 's campaign logo . "  When you see your friends doing something or express an opinion about something ... you 're a lot more inclined to offer your own experience or share your own opinion , " Chin says . Facebook generally keeps tight wraps on profile photo information , but other sites have actually produced graphs and visualizations based on their data aggregations . The dating site OkCupid maintains a blog called OkTrends , and it 's a fun place to study profile anthropology . Christian Rudder , OkCupid editorial director , says sites like Twitter give people 140-character status nuggets , but potential dates have less to work with . "  A dating site is one of the few places where a stranger is trying to make a judgment about you and a profile picture is all they have to go on , " Rudder says . After hours of combing through all the photos on the site and manually tagging them according to various criteria , he 's noticed a few things that seem to help users get more messages , which was a metric for defining what constitutes a "  better " profile image . A few basics go a long way . Skip the flash ; use natural light instead . Do n't get super close , and make sure you 're in an interesting or meaningful setting . Worry less about technology and more about the composition of your shots . "  With the advent of high-quality , not too expensive , kind of pro-am cameras , people are able to take better pictures . " The data also suggests you might be able to get away without showing a photo of your face , so long as your chosen image is interesting and eye-catching . Whatever you choose , be true to yourself . Be the way you really are . Do n't try to be a suit if you 're really a T-shirt . "  You 've got to ask that secondary question : What am I about and who do I want to meet ? " That means putting some thought into what you hope to say about yourself with your profile . If you 're a world traveler and want to interact with others like yourself , Rudder says post a photo from one of your recent adventures . Same goes for other hobbies and pursuits . Or , if it so happens you 're looking for romantic exploits , the numbers say you might want to consider posting something tastefully suggestive . Seriously . And as much as people gripe about shirtless photos , Rudder says they seem to work in the dating arena . "  Those people do get lots of messages , that 's for sure . " Looking back on their favorite paintings , the Helds say photos with an original , creative approach make the best impression . Matt Held suggested showing some of the environment in profile photos to add context . He gave an example of skaters who showed an urban and industrial environment , an "  almost perfect " snapshot of their life . Another memorable image the Helds recall was a man in a pink bunny suit . The resulting painted portrait seemed to hint at inner sadness beneath the rabbit-eared smile . Things to avoid ? Intimate moments , private parts and anything tacky . Go easy on photos of your kids , and avoid putting up photos of yourself in your underwear . And if children are using Facebook , it 's especially important to exercise caution with what they 're posting online . But the most important rule of all might be to remember that the Internet never forgets , so put some thought into what you share . "  That stuff really does stay there forever , " Matt Held says .	Profile pictures represent you online , and help people know they 've found you Your photo should include clues about your life , say some Facebook users on occasion change profile photos en masse as part of social movements Share your own self-portrait as part of CNN iReport 's cultural census
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Family members of 19 Chinese tourists , who went missing in Taiwan after Typhoon Megi triggered rock slides , are headed to the island , China 's state media said Monday . The tourists from Zhuhai city in southern China went missing about 10 p.m. Thursday . Two other people -- a Taiwanese bus driver and a Chinese tour group leader from another tour bus -- also are missing , according to official Taiwanese media . Emergency crews rescued hundreds of other people who were trapped by the rock slides , which happened mainly along the Suhua Highway , in northeast Taiwan . Sections of the scenic highway , which is perched along a cliff on Taiwan 's eastern coast , gave way . Typhoon Megi made landfall in China 's southeastern province of Fujian on Saturday , affecting nearly 650,000 people and destroying 500 houses , China 's Xinhua news agency said . About 270,000 people had evacuated . Damage in Fujian from the strongest typhoon of the year was estimated at 1.59 billion yuan  $ 238 million  . No deaths or significant injuries were reported , thanks to rigorous typhoon precautions in Fujian , Guangdong and Zhejiang provinces , the state-run China Daily said Monday . Megi killed at least 13 people and injured nearly 100 others in Taiwan last week . It struck the Philippines earlier in the week , affecting an estimated 258,844 people and leaving thousands homeless .	Typhoon Megi triggers the rock slides Sections of a scenic highway , perched along a cliff , gives way Emergency crews rescue hundreds of other people who were trapped Megi also causes an estimated $ 238 million in damage in China 's Fujian province
CNN  -- Is this just a normal year , or is the southwest monsoon acting more aggressively than normal ? The 2011 tropical cyclone season in the west Pacific has been about average , not significantly above or below usual events . We did have a few consecutive storms that made landfall in the Philippines and other parts of South East Asia in late September and early October , such as Haitang , Nesat , and Nalgae -- but that had more to do with a steering pattern caused by high pressure over the Pacific , not the monsoon . The remnants of these storms did make their way farther into South East Asia , which likely enhanced the monsoon trough , thus leading to higher than average rainfall in countries such as Thailand , Cambodia , Laos and Vietnam . Rainfall in most of Thailand is running 15 % to 25 % above average for the year  with a vast majority of that rain coming in the monsoon months of May to October  . What exactly is the southwest monsoon ? When does it start , end , and how is it generated ? The southwest monsoon occurs during the northern hemisphere summer , and is caused by the land masses of the Indian subcontinent and South East Asia heating up faster than the Indian Ocean . This creates an influx of cooler , moisture-laden air from the ocean over the land . The southwest monsoon generally begins in mid-May and ends in late October/early November , though start and end times vary based on location . India , for example , has a southwest monsoon season that begins June 1 and ends September 30 . Which countries are most affected by this monsoon ? India , Pakistan , Bangladesh , Myanmar , Thailand , Laos , Vietnam , Cambodia , Philippines , and Malaysia are all affected in a significant way . India is largely considered the most "  affected , " since it has the most-consistent monsoon season and depends the most on the rains of the monsoon for their life-sustaining agriculture . Some areas in Asia are recording above-average precipitation , such as in Bangkok which has so far received 58 % more rainfall than usual this year . Why is the monsoon bringing more intense weather than usual in 2011 ? Some monsoons are more active than others , and there can be a myriad of reasons for this . I think the monsoon rainfall was enhanced in September by numerous tropical systems interacting with the monsoon trough . But other reasons could be much more complicated . There could be interactions with other large-scale weather and climate variables , such as El Nino or La Nina  in the case of this summer , La Nina was in place , and this does normally lead to higher than average precipitation in South East Asia  . Sea-surface temperatures that are slightly above or below average can also lead to a variation in monsoon rainfall . Scientists will need to look into how all of these potential ingredients came together to produce these flooding rains . Also , the monsoon can be very active in one region , while being relatively inactive in another . It just so happens that for the last several weeks , the monsoon trough has been very active over central Thailand  in and around Bangkok  , but other areas of the country have seen below average rainfall . In general are Asian summer monsoons becoming more destructive , or is it just cyclical ? I believe it is just cyclical , and as mentioned above , depends on a wide variety of factors . The consequences , however , could be getting worse as populations and cities grow along the major rivers , which see rapid and intense rises during monsoon floods . Is there anything that Asia can do to help alleviate higher than usual rainfall ? Better city planning and flood prevention strategies would be the biggest thing . Monsoon floods have always occurred , and these rivers naturally flood their banks occasionally  which is what makes the land in these areas so fertile  . But if people continue to build more in these vulnerable areas , natural disasters like floods will continue to become more frequent . CNN meteorologist and weather anchor Jennifer Delgado also contributed to this report .	The 2011 tropical cyclone season in the west Pacific has been about average Some storms likely enhanced the southwest monsoon trough , thus leading to high rainfall in some countries There could be interactions with other large-scale weather and climate variables , such as El Nino or La Nina
New York  CNN  -- Pakistani neuroscientist Aafia Siddiqui was convicted Wednesday of attempting to kill Americans in Afghanistan in 2008 . The jury found Siddiqui guilty of seven counts , including attempted murder and armed assault on U.S. officers . The Manhattan jury began deliberations Monday afternoon and sent a note shortly before 2 p.m. Wednesday saying they had reached a verdict . Siddiqui listened to the verdict without emotion but let out an outburst once the jury was escorted out of the courtroom . "  This is a verdict from Israel , not America , " she said . "  Anger should be directed to where it belongs . I can testify to this . I have proof . " Authorities removed her from the courtroom . She will be sentenced May 6 . Siddiqui 's family said she had been unjustly found guilty . "  Today 's verdict is one of many legal errors that allowed the prosecution to build a case against our sister based on hate , rather than fact , " they said in a statement released through the International Justice Network . "  We believe that as a result , she was denied a fair trial , and today 's verdict must be overturned on appeal . " Prosecutors said Siddiqui shot at two FBI special agents , a U.S. Army warrant officer , an Army captain and military interpreters while she was being held unsecured at an Afghan facility on July 18 , 2008 . Authorities said Siddiqui used an officer 's rifle to fire two shots at the personnel , who were hidden from her view by a curtain . She hit no one . The warrant officer returned fire with a pistol , hitting Siddiqui at least once . Afghan police had arrested her a day earlier outside the Ghazni governor 's compound in central Afghanistan after finding her with bomb-making instructions , excerpts from the "  Anarchist 's Arsenal , " papers with descriptions of U.S. landmarks , and substances sealed in bottles and glass jars , according to a September 2008 indictment . The indictment said Siddiqui had "  handwritten notes that referred to a ` mass casualty attack ' " listing several locations in the United States and "  construction of ` dirty bombs . ' " The notes also "  discussed various ways to attack ` enemies , ' including by destroying reconnaissance drones , using underwater bombs , and using gliders , " the indictment said . "  Siddiqui also possessed a computer thumb drive that contained correspondence referring to specific ` cells , ' ` attacks ' by certain ` cells , ' and ` enemies , ' " the indictment said . "  Other documents on the thumb drive discussed recruitment and training . " Siddiqui , whom the FBI had sought for several years for suspected ties to al Qaeda , was extradited to the United States in August 2008 . Since 2003 , the whereabouts of Siddiqui , an American-educated neuroscientist , had been the source of much speculation . According to Amnesty International , Siddiqui and her three small children were reported apprehended in Karachi , Pakistan , in March 2003 , shortly after the FBI issued an alert requesting information about her location . Several reports indicated that Siddiqui was in U.S. custody after her arrest in Karachi . But in May 2004 , then-Attorney General John Ashcroft and FBI Director Robert Mueller identified Siddiqui as being among several sought-after al Qaeda members .	Aafia Siddiqui convicted of attempted murder , armed assault on U.S. officers Prosecutors said Siddiqui shot at officers while being held in Afghan facility in 2008 Siddiqui had been sought for several years for suspected ties to al Qaeda "  This is a verdict from Israel , not America , " Siddiqui says after verdict
CNN  -- Search crews found a second body in the ruins of a furniture store destroyed by a gas explosion in Wayne , Michigan , the city 's fire chief said early Thursday . The body of a 54-year-old woman , a store employee , was pulled from the rubble of Franks Furniture around 10:45 p.m. Wednesday , according to Wayne Fire Chief Mel Moore . Earlier in the day , the body of a 64-year-old man was also recovered . He was identified only as a male employee of the store , who lived in Westland , Michigan . The store 's owner , Paul Franks , 64 , was pulled from the wreckage shortly after the explosion , which occurred at about 9 a.m. , City Manager John Zech said . He was in serious but stable condition at the University of Michigan Hospital 's burn unit . Search and rescue crews , aided by heavy equipment , continued to remove huge amounts of rubble from the scene of the blast , which damaged several buildings in addition to the furniture store . Moore said the process was made more difficult by the removal of "  thousands of pounds of concrete " from the store 's roof trusses . As many as 300 people were evacuated after the explosion and a second reported leak in a neighborhood adjoining the furniture store in the suburban Detroit city . As of Wednesday night , residents of all but nine homes were able to return , and were being offered lodging elsewhere for the night , said Debra Dodd , a spokeswoman for the gas utility , Consumers Energy . Mayor Abdul "  Al " Haidous described Frank 's Furniture as one of the "  jewels " of the city , and said Franks has been a leader in civic life . "  He has served this city with a great deal of integrity , " the mayor said Before the explosion , a Consumers Energy gas worker was two blocks away investigating the reported gas leak , Dodd said . "  We do n't know at this time what caused the incident this morning , " Dodd said Wednesday night , but added that the utility will work with the state Public Service Commission in investigating .	Second body is found in the rubble of a furniture store , official says Store owner is in serious but stable condition Search and rescue crews removing rubble from the scene of the blast
CNN  -- One-time Republican presidential nominee Bob Dole has his candidate for 2016 : Mitt Romney . Dole , a 91-year-old former Senate majority leader and 1996 GOP presidential nominee , said as he introduced Romney , the party 's 2012 nominee , during a campaign rally Monday : "  I want him to run again . " Dole and Romney were in Overland Park campaigning for Kansas Republican Sen. Pat Roberts , who faces a stiff challenge from independent businessman Greg Orman . Romney brushed off the remark . "  You never know what a 90-year-old is going to say , do you ? " he said . "  I 'll tell ya . "	Dole and Romney are campaigning for Senate candidate in Kansas Dole introduces Romney with a 2016 endorsement Romney : "  You never know what a 90-year-old is going to say , do you ? "
CNN  -- Tiger Woods has split from the management company which has helped him become one of the world 's wealthiest sportsmen since he joined it at the start of his professional golf career back in 1996 . The former top-ranked player announced on Monday that he will be staying with his longtime agent Mark Steinberg , who has left IMG after his contract expired . "  Staying with Mark Steinberg . Total confidence in him , " Woods wrote on social networking website Twitter . "  Excited about the next stage in my professional life . Fond memories of Mark McCormack . " McCormack founded IMG , one of the world 's leading sports management companies , but died in 2003 . Sliding Tiger drops out of golf 's top ten Woods ' endorsements have been handled by Steinberg since 1998 , but the golfer 's declining fortunes have reportedly led to his agent 's departure from IMG . Woods has not won a tournament since the end of 2009 , and the scandal about his marital infidelities that broke after that resulted in the loss of some lucrative sponsorship deals . The 35-year-old has dropped to 15th in the rankings , struggling this year with injuries , but he still earned $ 70 million in 2010 from his existing deals according to Golf Digest . Harmon expresses fears for Woods ' career Sports Business Journal and the New York Times both reported that Woods ' reduced earnings meant that IMG could no longer afford Steinberg 's salary . IMG has instead promoted Guy Kinnings and Robbie Henchman , its senior vice-presidents in Europe and Asia Pacific respectively , to be co-heads of its golf division . Woods is battling to be fit for this month 's U.S. Open , a major tournament he has won three times , due to ongoing leg problems he suffered at the Masters in April . He had to pull out of last month 's Players Championship after only nine holes when he aggravated his injuries -- his only on-course action since finishing fourth at Augusta . Meanwhile , Steve Stricker won his 10th PGA Tour title on Sunday as he finished a shot clear at the Memorial Tournament in Dublin , Ohio . The 44-year-old triumphed for the first time this season as he saved par from bunkers at 16 and 17 then bogeyed the last hole to head off fellow Americans Brandt Jobe and Matt Kuchar , who finished strongly with seven-under-par 65s . It was his first top-10 finish in 11 visits to the event at Muirfield , hosted by golf legend Jack Nicklaus , as he held his nerve despite a two-hour weather delay . Former world No. 1 Vijay Singh , who tied for 37th as he also closed with 65 , may miss the June 16-19 U.S. Open at Congressional after the veteran Fijian failed to show at a qualifying event . The 48-year-old , a three-time major champion , has played the past 67 of golf 's four main tournaments .	American golfer Tiger Woods decides to stay with his agent Mark Steinberg Steinberg , former head of golf at IMG , does not renew contract at management company Woods had been with IMG since he turned professional in 1996 Former world No. 1 battling to be fit for this month 's U.S. Open at Congressional
The Eiffel Tower . The Colosseum . The Taj Majal . The Pyramids . Massive architectural marvels from times past , they are often stopping points on a tourist 's journey . Although these grand sites are n't always why globe-trotters say they 're going on vacation , some of history 's great works of architecture star in the returning traveler 's photos . Did you get that smiling shot in front of Buckingham Palace or the photo "  pushing " the Leaning Tower of Pisa upright ? Despite a tight economy , a new generation of architects is giving the traveler reasons to jump on a plane to see modern masterpieces . Many of the new structures are public projects , designed to welcome the resident and tourist alike . "  There 's been a lot of emphasis on public architecture , using it to really bring vitality to a place , " says Justin Davidson , New York magazine 's architecture and classical music critic . "  Whether people are traveling a great distance to see one thing or it 's creating a market for the regeneration of a place that really needs it , those things get merged . " Here are six great spots for ogling modern marvels : New World Symphony  Miami Beach  . The New World Symphony , which brought vitality to Miami Beach 's Lincoln Road when it moved into the Lincoln Theater many years ago , is having the same impact at its new location nearby . The symphony , which prepares graduates of major music schools for roles in leading orchestras around the world , hired architect Frank Gehry to design its $ 160 million New World Center campus in collaboration with symphony founder and artistic director Michael Tilson Thomas . The campus , which hosted its inaugural concert in January 2011 , has an adjacent 2.5-acre public space designed by Dutch architecture firm West 8 . Free and affordable events are often scheduled at the outdoor space . For the architecture geek : Miami Beach is also attracting the world 's architects to its parking structures . Noted architect Zaha Hadid was recently selected to design a municipal garage . She follows on the heels of New World Center architect Gehry , Mexican architect Enrique Norten and Swiss architecture firm Herzog & de Meuron , all with innovative parking garages in Miami Beach . Natural History Museum of Utah  Salt Lake City  . Appearing to be hewn out of the foothills of the Rocky Mountains , the Natural History Museum of Utah 's new $ 140 million Rio Tinto Center looks like Utah . Unlike designers of many natural history museums in urban locations , Ennead Architects and GSBG Architects could take advantage of the 17-acre site 's location at the edge of Salt Lake City . The building is above ancient Lake Bonneville 's shoreline , with the Bonneville Shoreline Trail cutting through the site . For the architecture geek : Tucked away in a Salt Lake City block behind homes and businesses , Gilgal Sculpture Garden is one of the city 's best-kept secret treasures . Dating back to the late 1940s and designed by Thomas Battersby Child Jr. , a contractor and former bishop of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , "  it 's a funky and relatively obscure public sculpture garden located in Salt Lake that has many fans among architects and University of Utah students , " says Bob Herman , a local architect and past president of the Utah Center for Architecture . Times Square , the High Line and more  New York  . Since the banishment of vehicular traffic from parts of Time Square , the neon and digital people "  have gone nuts " with signage in Times Square . It creates an almost performance art-like scene for the pedestrians taking a break from their walks , says Bloomberg Media architecture critic James Russell . After a walk through Times Square , head south to an innovative urban park built atop an unused elevated train line in Manhattan 's Chelsea neighborhood . The High Line has been a hit since it opened in phases over the past three years . Unencumbered by moving vehicles or traffic lights , landscape architect James Corner Field Operations and the architecture firm of Diller Scofidio + Renfro designed a garden oasis above the hustle and bustle of the West Side . For the architecture geek : Continue downtown to 8 Spruce St. , where New York by Gehry  another Gehry design  is reportedly the tallest residential structure in the Western Hemisphere . "  It has a rippling stainless steel faade , and it 's near Brooklyn , so you can walk across the Brooklyn Bridge to see it , " Russell says . "  The other side is the Brooklyn Bridge Park , which is an absolutely stunning place to be in and from which to look at Manhattan . " Landscape architect Michael Van Valkenburgh designed the park . Clyfford Still Museum  Denver  . After gaining national fame and attention for his work into the 1940s , abstract expressionist artist Clyfford Still withdrew from the commercial art world and kept most of his work rather than selling it . Although his work was discussed along with peers such as Mark Rothko and Jackson Pollock , he shunned the public eye . He died in 1980 , and his will stipulated that his estate be given to an American city that would create a permanent space solely for studying and exhibiting his work . Denver accepted the challenge ; Brad Cloepfil of Allied Works Architecture designed the structure , and the Clyfford Still Museum opened in November . The museum houses 94 % of the artist 's known work , most of which has never been on public display before now . With a series of skylights designed to bring in natural light to illuminate the collection , "  the quality of light in this museum is one of the best I 've ever seen , " Russell says . For the architecture geek : After visiting the Still museum , look beyond the art to appreciate the Denver Art Museum 's 2006 addition by noted architect Daniel Libeskind , who famously won the World Trade Center design competition . There is a daily architecture tour at 1 p.m. Oslo Opera House  Norway  . Part of a redevelopment project to reconnect the cutoff waterfront to the rest of the city , the Oslo Opera House has an incredible amount of public space that allows people to walk up the outside of the structure to its rooftop plaza . The building , which houses the Norwegian National Opera and Ballet , was designed by the internationally renowned Norwegian architecture firm Snhetta . It opened in 2008 . If you 'd like to attend any of the artistic performances , make sure to purchase tickets in advance online . For the architecture geek : If you think the outside of the Oslo Opera House would be an excellent skate park , it 's no accident . Skateboarders were consulted about the exterior design and surfaces and have enjoyed the results , according to Wired magazine . The magazine lists some suggested moves . Parque Biblioteca Espaa  Medelln , Colombia  . For the adventurous architecture traveler , try visiting Medelln , Colombia , where a renaissance in design and infrastructure is taking place . Former Medelln Mayor Sergio Fajardo made the development of public architecture to revitalize poor areas and connect them to the rest of the city a central tenet of his administration . "  Our most beautiful buildings must be in our poorest areas , " Fajardo has frequently said . Designed by architect Giancarlo Mazzanti of Bogota , Parque Biblioteca Espaa , in the Medelln neighborhood of Santo Domingo , is the most famous of a half-dozen libraries designed with park space in the city . Along with improvements in roads and schools , the city has built a system of gondola-like public transit to transport residents of the poorest hillside communities down to the city 's public rail system . Although Medelln is much safer than it was during the height of the drug wars , check with local officials and the U.S. State Department before heading to Santo Domingo . The libraries are part of the city 's commitment to its poorest residents . "  It represents an investment in the whole urban fabric , using culture , architecture and design to improve people 's lives and connect them to transit , architecture and culture , " says Davidson , the New York magazine critic . "  It 's a showy piece of new architecture that represents something broader that a place is trying to accomplish . One building does not do that in isolation . "	New World Symphony offers free and reduced price music at new Miami Beach campus A hiking trail runs through the Natural History Museum of Utah 's outdoor space Skateboarders and music lovers alike are welcome outside Norway 's Oslo Opera House Medelln , Colombia 's libraries are part of the city 's commitment to its poorest residents
WIRED  -- Scofflaws could hack the smart cards that access electronic parking meters in large cities around the United States , researchers are finding . "  Cities all over the nation and all over the world are deploying these smartcard meters , " researcher says . The smart cards pay for parking spots , and their programming could be easily changed to obtain unlimited free parking . It took researcher Joe Grand only three days to design an attack on the smart cards . The researchers examined the meters used in San Francisco , California , but the same and similar electronic meters are being installed in cities around the world . "  It was n't technically complicated and the fact that I can do it in three days means that other people are probably already doing it and probably taking advantage of it , " said Joe Grand , a designer and hardware hacker and one of the hosts of the Discovery Channel 's "  Prototype This " show . "  It seems like the system was n't analyzed at all . " Grand and fellow researcher Jake Appelbaum presented their findings Thursday afternoon at the Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas , Nevada . The researchers did not contact the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency or the meter maker prior to their talk , and asked reporters not to contact those organizations ahead of their presentation , for fear of being gagged by a court order . At last year 's DefCon hacker conference , MIT students were barred from talking about similar vulnerabilities in smartcards used by the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority after the MBTA obtained a restraining order . They spoke with Threat Level about their findings prior to the presentation . "  We 're not picking on San Francisco , " Grand said . "  We 're not even claiming to get free parking . We 're trying to educate people about ... how they can take our research and apply it to their own cities if they are trying to deploy their own systems or make them more secure ... . Cities all over the nation and all over the world are deploying these smartcard meters -LSB- and -RSB- there 's a number of previously known problems with various parking meters in other cities . " San Francisco launched a $ 35-million pilot project in 2003 to deploy smart meters around the city in an effort to thwart thieves , including parking control officers who were skimming money from the meters . The city estimated it was losing more than $ 3 million annually to theft . In response , it installed 23,000 meters made by a Canadian firm named J.J. MacKay , which also has meters in Florida , Massachusetts , New York , Canada , Hong Kong and other locales . The machines are hybrids that allow drivers to insert either coins , or a pre-paid GemPlus smart card , which can be purchased in values of $ 20 or $ 50 . The machines also have an audit log to help catch insiders who might skim proceeds . To record the communication between the card and the meter , Grand purchased a smartcard shim -- an electrical connector that duplicates a smartcard 's contact points -- and used an oscilloscope to record the electrical signals as the card and meter communicated . He discovered the cards are n't digitally signed , and the only authentication between the meter and card is a password sent from the former to the latter . The card does n't have to know the password , however , it just has to respond that the password is correct . The cards sold in San Francisco are designed to be thrown out when the customer has exhausted them . But the researchers found that the meters perform no upper-bounds check , so hackers could easily boost the transaction limit on a card beyond what could legitimately purchased . They could also program a card to simply never deduct from the transaction count . "  We 're residents of San Francisco and our taxes are going towards a broken system that they could potentially be losing money on and we pay the consequences of that , " Grand said . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Researchers find smart cards that access parking meters can be hacked Joe Grand and Jake Appelbaum present findings at Black Hat conference Before smart cards , city was losing more than $ 3 million annually to theft Researchers programmed cards to never deduct from transaction count
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- The preliminary results of a referendum on an independent Southern Sudan will be announced in the next few days , with final results as early as February 7 , the national commission that organized the vote said Tuesday , The South Sudan Referendum Commission  SSRC  , which was formed last year by President Omar al-Bashir , said the preliminary results will be announced Saturday in Juba in Southern Sudan and on February 2 in Khartoum , Sudan 's capital . "  If there is no appeal , the final results will be announced on February 7 , " said Justice Chan Reec Madut , deputy chairman of the commission . "  But if there is an appeal or appeals , they have to be discussed , and the final announcement will then be on February 14 . " South Sudanese voted in a weeklong referendum in early January on whether to form an independent state . Preliminary results show 99 % voted for independence with most of the count in the south completed . The commission faced three challenges during the referendum process : the legal aspect of the referendum itself , time and finances , according to commission chairman Muhammad Khalil . "  In these kinds of situations , where there are political negotiations , there is a lot of give and take , " Khalil said , "  and this reflected on the law . " "  The law itself was framed in an unclear way with much repetition . ... It was shaky , " he said . Nevertheless , Khalil said , the referendum commission , which includes southern Sudanese and northern Sudanese members , worked easily together , "  making decisions in accord . " Khalil said the commission did not have much time to conduct its work . "  It was conceived by those who signed the Comprehensive Peace Agreement  CPA  that the referendum process would take 42 months , " he said . "  By the time the referendum commission was established , we had four months . " The referendum on whether to declare independence from the government based in the north is part of a 2005 peace agreement that helped end a two-decade-long war . The war pitted a government dominated by Arab Muslims in northern Sudan against black Christians or animists in the south . The conflict left about 2 million people dead . Funding was also a challenge for the referendum , Khalil said . "  The international funding was generous but not made available for Sudanese expertise , " he said . "  If we had more funding , we would have included more Sudanese experts to give the referendum an added national face . " Both the federal government of Sudan and the government of south Sudan had committed themselves to funding the referendum with 400 million Sudanese pounds  about $ 160 million  , Khalil said , but the commission only received 26.6 million SDG in the north , and 60 million SDG in the south . Madut also pointed to "  logistical difficulties " in the south during the referendum . "  We used human porters who delivered material on their heads to transport the materials and kits to the counties . " However , Madut said , the high turnout was historical . "  It is something that has never happened in Sudan ; in fact some say it never happened anywhere . " Madut said once the counting is done , the rest will be up to the politicians . Issues such as borders , the future of the oil-rich border district of Abyei , citizenship rights and how to manage international debts are yet to be resolved . "  We were able to finish in five months what was supposed to be done in three years , " he said . "  So unless we are told to come back ... we we would like to take a beautiful vacation . "	The South Sudan Referendum Commission was formed last year It organized a referendum on whether to split Southern Sudan from a government based in the north Final results are expected in early February
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  -- Residents of Kano in Nigeria are struggling to keep alive their centuries-old tradition of hand-dying delicate cloth a deep indigo blue , with their trade under threat from the realities of modern commerce . Kano 's pits are said to date back 500 years and were once the center of a bustling Saharan trade in dyed cloth . There are still over 120 pits in Kano but only 30 of them are functioning . Many of them have been filled in , often because families have moved on to other businesses , but sometimes because they 're waiting for their children to grown up , dig out the pit and reclaim their tradition . Sixty-five-year-old Yusuf Abdu has worked in the dye pits since he was a boy . The pits are family owned and Abdu has trained his 21-year-old son to continue the tradition , but such dedication is rare . "  A lot of our elders have died , so we are calling our families to come back and embrace the work again , " said Abdu , who is hoping his son will pass on the knowledge to another generation . Indigo , potassium and ash are mixed with water in the pits , and then the cloth soaked for up to six hours . The longer it 's soaked , the deeper the color . "  We are using the same ways dyers used when the pits began in 1498 , " explained Abdu . "  We can not use modern methods because that will change our tradition . " Methods of ironing the cloth are just as traditional ; material is beaten with a mallet to remove creases . But these ancient production lines are now being hammered by competition from cheaper foreign fabrics and the rising costs of energy and materials at home . "  There have been a lot of changes . Materials that once cost $ 10 now cost $ 40 , " said Abdu . Despite its rich history , regional demand for the dyed wares has fallen as fashions have changed , so the dyers are looking to tourists as potential buyers . Abdu hopes that with their custom the dye trade will continue , as it has for centuries , and that one day his son will be passing on the traditional techniques to his grandson .	Kano is said to be home to the oldest dye pits in Africa , dating back to 1498 Indigo , potassium and ash are mixed with water to produce a deep blue dye The tradition is under threat from cheap fabric imports from abroad
CNN  -- German Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich and Luca Toni have agreed to cancel the Italian striker 's contract . Toni spent the second half of last season on loan at Italian side AS Roma after being deemed surplus to requirements at Bayern by coach Louis van Gaal . The 33-year-old is reportedly a target for Genoa and has agreed to a termination of his contract in order to become a free agent . Toni joined Bayern in 2007 and scored 24 goals in his first campaign at the club to become the Bundesliga 's top scorer , as Bayern won both the league and the cup . He scored a further 14 goals the following season but suffered with an Achilles Heel injury , which recurred at the start of the 2009/10 season . Toni reportedly fell out of favor with Van Gaal and was allowed to leave for Roma in January this year . He scored five goals in 15 appearances but Roma did not seek to tie him down permanently . "  I would like to warmly thank Luca Toni for his efforts and his goals , especially in our double-winning 2007/8 season , " Bayern chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said on the club 's official Web site . "  I 'd like to take this opportunity to wish Luca Toni all the best for the future at his new club . "	Bayern Munich and Luca Toni agree to cancel striker 's contract Toni spent half of last season on loan at Italian club AS Roma Italian was deemed surplus to requirements by Bayern coach Louis van Gaal
CNN  -- Longtime talk show host Larry King says he 's joined an effort to buy the Los Angeles Dodgers . "  It would be a thrill of a lifetime to be a part owner , a partial owner , of a team I grew up rooting for as a child in Brooklyn , " the former host of CNN 's "  Larry King Live " said Wednesday . " "  To go to a ballpark and have an owner 's box , to even have a say in a possible trade -- are you out of your mind ? " he asked rhetorically . King says he 's part of group of investors interested in acquiring the franchise , despite its apparent financial troubles and unresolved contract issues with Fox Sports . Major League Baseball , which took charge of the team in April , has been embroiled in legal battles over future media rights after baseball Commissioner Bud Selig rejected a $ 3 billion television deal with Fox . The beleaguered club then filed for bankruptcy in June and has since drawn a number of high-profile buyers into the bidding process after team owner Frank McCourt agreed to sell . A court hearing over the Dodgers ' future media rights is scheduled for December 7 . King 's investor group , meanwhile , is led by insurance agent Dennis Gilbert , who also works as a special assistant to Chicago White Sox Chairman Jerry Reinsdorf . "  What bigger thrill ? " asked King , a native of Brooklyn , New York , which the Dodgers once called home . The team , formerly known as the Trolley Dodgers because of the maze of trolley cars that Brooklynites once dodged in the streets , eventually shortened its name , then and moved to California , kicking off its first L.A. season in 1958 , to the dismay of many New Yorkers . "  The emotional part would be that they 'd have to carry me out , " King said of his possible part-ownership stake in the team .	King says he 's bidding as a part of an investor group The former CNN talk show host is a native of Brooklyn , where the Dodgers once played The club filed for bankruptcy in June , and owner Frank McCourt agreed to sell
Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai has said 40 girls in Pakistan will be the first to benefit from a fund set up in her name after she was shot in the head by the Taliban for her efforts to promote girls ' education . She announced the $ 45,000 grant for education in the Swat Valley -- the Taliban stronghold where she 's from -- in a video played at the Women in the World summit in New York City on Thursday . "  We are going to educate 40 girls , and I invite all of you to support the Malala Fund , " she said . "  Let us turn the education of 40 girls into 40 million girls . " Actress and U.N. special envoy Angelina Jolie spoke movingly of Malala 's courage in the face of the Taliban 's attempt to silence her , saying there was "  always something special " about her . "  They shot her at point-blank range in the head and made her stronger , " she said . Gordon Brown : 32 million girls not at school , we must push for change "  In a brutal attempt to silence her voice , it grew louder , and she more resolute in calling on the entire world , not just Pakistan , to ensure the right for every girl and boy to an education . " Jolie also paid tribute to Malala 's reluctance to be in the limelight for her own sake , despite her new influence as a campaigner and role model . "  She is powerful , but she is also a sweet , creative , loving little girl who wants to help others and work for others , " Jolie said . Malala : Global symbol , but still just a kid "  She does n't want to be center of attention -- her goal is progress , not notoriety . " Jolie will donate $ 200,000 to the Malala Fund , which was set up to support the education of girls in Pakistan , Women in the World said . The fund was established on Malala 's behalf by the Vital Voices Global Partnership , a non-governmental organization founded in 1997 by former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Malala spoke via Skype on Friday with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who said he was "  deeply impressed " with her . "  When we work together we can achieve our goal , and our goal is simple : peace and happiness in this world , " she told Ban . "  The way to see peace is through education . It is an honor for me to be associated with the U.N. I want to tell the world how important education is . " Ban said , "  The U.N. will always be with you and the many people like you . " "  If we educate a woman , we educate a family , a community and a country , " he said . Earlier this week in Washington , Malala was presented with Vital Voices ' Global Trailblazer Award , in "  recognition of her courage , conviction , and vision for the future . " Previous recipients of the award include Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Myanmar 's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi . READ MORE : Malala 's journey from near death to recovery Malala , now 15 , rose to global fame after the attack which almost claimed her life last October . She had already come to national and international attention through a blog she wrote about her life and girls ' right to learn . In March , Malala returned to school for the first time since the masked Taliban gunmen shot her on a school bus . She 's attending lessons in Birmingham , England , the city where doctors treated her after she received initial care in Pakistan . READ MORE : Teen at school for first time since being shot by Taliban	Malala Yousafzai speaks with U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon Malala announces her first grant to help girls in her home region in Pakistan Angelina Jolie will donate $ 200,000 to the fund to help educate Pakistani girls In March , Malala returned to school for the first time since the Taliban shot her in October
Tribune Media Services  -- Three hundred and forty . At the Bandelier National Monument visitors can climb into ancient cliff dwellings used by Native Americans . That 's how many steps and ladder rungs we climb to Bandelier National Monument  http://www.nps.gov/band/  , to crowd into its ancient  dating back to before 1300  cliff dwellings about 50 miles northwest of Santa Fe , New Mexico . Even the kids are impressed that Ancestral Pueblo families lived here before Columbus arrived , even before the Pilgrims stepped foot on Plymouth Rock . We look at the crumbling adobe and try to imagine apartment-type dwellings that stretched more than three stories : We crouch inside the ceremonial Kivas where the ancient people gathered to teach the children , weave , congregate and discuss the affairs of the day . These unique sites -- Bandelier certainly is n't the only one -- and spectacular desert landscape make New Mexico a terrific family destination winter or summer , and one that will win kudos from all ages . Where else can you ski one day -- in Taos or outside of Santa Fe , gallery hop or take a cooking lesson the next , shop or tour museums till you drop and gain a new perspective on Native American history ? New Mexico is home to 22 sovereign Indian nations , including the Navajo Nation , two Apache Tribes and 19 Pueblos . The Pueblo of Acoma  http://www.skycity.com/  , which sits on a 367-foot-high sandstone rock , is considered the oldest inhabited village in the United States . The Indian Pueblo Cultural Center in Albuquerque can help you get started  www.indianpueblo.com  . You can even stay on a Pueblo -- the deluxe Hyatt Regency Tamaya Resort and Spa  http://www.tamaya.hyatt.com  , owned by the Santa Ana Pueblo and managed by Hyatt , offers holiday packages . The 350-room resort , halfway between Albuquerque and Santa Fe , sits on 500 sprawling acres of a 73,000-acre reservation and is one of the largest resorts ever built on Native American land . And you ca n't beat the Sandia Mountains on the horizon for scenery . Great pains have been taken to respect the ancient spirits at the resort . One of the pools is built in a circle , replicating the ceremonial Kivas that have been an integral part of Pueblo life for centuries . Spa treatments are designed to use products that are indigenous to the area  how about a hydrating treatment using desert seaweed or an exfoliation treatment with Tamaya Blue Corn flour ?  The signature Corn Maiden restaurant serves dishes from the region . The profits go back to the Pueblo and fund everything from college scholarships to senior centers . Sure you can hang out by the pool , opt for the spa , or play golf here , but horseback riding through the pueblo 's backcountry to see petroglyphs , making adobe bricks , drums or pottery or visiting the cultural center and museum devoted to the history , culture and art of the Santa Ana Pueblo make this a different experience . "  All of these activities appealed to us , " said Eric Shimabukuro , who is from suburban Chicago and was busy making bricks one morning with his two daughters , Lauren , 9 , and Carolyn , 7 . New Mexico , I think , as I make my way down the ladder at Bandelier and later , watch my daughters knead the dough for Pueblo bread at the Hyatt Tamaya , under the watchful eye of a member of the Santa Ana Pueblo , can be a terrific winter vacation bet for families whose members are not all equally enthusiastic about spending their entire vacation on the slopes . Especially at holiday time when there are traditional dances at Northern New Mexico Pueblos and a variety of celebrations in Santa Fe and around New Mexico  www.santafe.org , www.nmtourism.org  . Santa Fe Mountain Adventures  www.santafemountainadventures.com  can help plan a unique sojourn , organizing family activities from touring Bandelier to geocaching , an outdoor treasure-hunting game , to snowshoeing , cooking and pottery making . "  You get so much more out of a visit to a place like this when you 're with a guide , " offers David Thompson , whose family joined us touring Bandelier with Santa Fe Mountain Adventures guides Bill Neuwirth , a college professor , and Anne Stanley , an artist and guide . As we climb ladders and steps , courtesy of the National Park Service , Neuwirth points out the foot holes in the volcanic rock that the ancient peoples used . We wonder what it was like to live in this community so long ago when 30 was considered old , when children were married as soon as they reached puberty and when everything was about the community , not individuals . They raised corn ,  the Pueblo people have some 50 recipes to prepare corn  squash and beans . The elevation here is 7,000 feet , but it does n't seem to bother us . Where we hike at Bandelier , there are as many as 50 dwellings in one section -- and the ground floor does n't have any doors or windows . The people who lived here climbed up to the roof and then climbed down into the room , which they probably did to protect their homes . No one , Neuwirth explains , really knows why the ancient Pueblo people decided to leave -- whether it was drought , or illness or an impulse to move to another Mesa ; Neuwirth gestures out to the desert landscape , "  You could n't have walked a meter in any direction without running into pueblo remains . " As we prepared to fly home , all I could think about were those ancient families  did their kids drive them crazy sometimes too ?  and all those Pueblos I would have liked to visit , the cooking classes I did n't have time to schedule , the Santa Fe galleries and museums we missed ,  check out the Eldorado Hotel and Spa 's  www.eldoradohotel.com  Winter Wonderland package , valid now through Jan. 31 , 2008 . Starting at $ 199 per night , double occupancy , it includes daily breakfast in the hotel 's Eldorado Court or via room service .  , and the hikes we did n't attempt . "  We did something different every day ! " my husband said . More important , no one complained about what we did or where we were going . No one was bored . We ate great food , especially the guacamole at El Pinto restaurant  www.elpinto.com  outside of Albuquerque , which was made right in front of us . Not that our New Mexico sojourn was perfect . Traveling with kids -- no matter what their ages -- never is , even in the most spectacular locales . What matters , of course , is the chance to explore a new place -- a new culture -- together . Pass the guacamole , please . E-mail to a friend For more Taking the Kids , visit www.takingthekids.com , where Eileen Ogintz welcomes your questions and comments . Copyright 2009 EILEEN OGINTZ , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Several thousand ancestral Pueblo dwellings can be viewed at Bandelier New Mexico is home to 22 sovereign Indian nations Some Pueblos offer tours and activities
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Anti-government protesters poured a small amount of blood at the headquarters of the government in Bangkok on Tuesday , but the demonstration did not live up to their threat to douse the ministers ' offices in blood . The protesters had launched a blood drive earlier to collect enough samples for the demonstration . Thousands of "  red shirts " -- so named for their clothing -- held out their forearms to allow their compatriots to draw blood . The protesters intended to collect 1,000 liters  1 million cubic centimeters  and then throw the blood on the grounds of the Government House , which houses ministerial offices , at 6 p.m.  7 a.m. ET  . "  Red shirts " rally in Bangkok : Share your photos If Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva still refuses to dissolve parliament , the demonstrators said they will collect another 1,000 liters of blood Wednesday and splash it on the headquarters of the ruling party . The next day , they will collect 1,000 more liters and target the prime minister 's residence , the demonstrators said . What are the protests about ? Abhisit has repeatedly said he will listen to the protesters but will not accede to their demands . The anti-government demonstrations began Friday . By Sunday , tens of thousands of protesters had poured into the center of Bangkok . The rallies have been largely peaceful . Abhisit has said his government will not use force to quell the demonstrations . The nation 's tourism minister estimated the demonstrations might have resulted in a 20 percent drop in tourists . The impact on Chinese visitors appears to have been greater , with the Chinese Chamber of Commerce reporting a 50 percent cancellation rate . The protesters are supporters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless military coup in 2006 . Thaksin was the only Thai prime minister to serve a full term and remains hugely popular . He fled the country in 2008 while facing trial on corruption charges that he says were politically motivated . The protesters say Abhisit was not democratically elected and have demanded that he call new elections . Since Thaksin 's ouster , Thailand has endured widespread political unrest that has pitted Thaksin loyalists against Abhisit supporters . Two people were killed and at least 135 wounded in riots in April 2009 when protesters clashed with demonstrators supporting the government . CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Dan Rivers contributed to this report	Thousands of "  red shirts " hold out forearms to give blood for message Demonstrators threaten to to splash blood on ruling party headquarters , PM 's residence Protesters are supporters of ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Unlike most twenty somethings starting out in New York City , Zhang Yuzhu is not scrimping to make rent . A graduate student from China , Zhang spends her free time in the city 's swankiest department stores buying designer goods . She once blew $ 45,000 on the coveted Hermes ' Birkin that is regarded by some as the "  holy grail " of handbags . Zhang , however , is not splashing her own cash . She is one of China 's growing ranks of "  haiwai daigou , " or overseas personal shoppers , that source luxury items for customers back home . It 's a booming business that was worth 74.4 billion yuan  $ 12 billion  in 2013 , according to the China E-commerce Research Center . "  Usually I can earn $ 200 to $ 300 for a Chanel handbag , but I will get more for a Hermes , " Zhang told CNN . Zhang 's customers get designer goods for less than they would at home by circumventing China 's steep taxes on luxury items . She says they cost 30 % less in the United States . Chinese are the biggest buyers of luxury goods globally , making 29 % of all purchases , according to consultants Bain & Company , and these purchases are increasingly being made abroad , mostly by tourists , but also by people like Zhang . Many young Chinese studying in places like New York , London , Paris and Tokyo have started ad hoc businesses , with Bain saying that Chinese luxury sales will become increasingly reliant on this kind of "  parallel trade . " Zhang finds her clients through Chinese social media like WeChat and Weibo , where she posts pictures of the latest items about once a month . Customers then wire the purchase price by bank transfer , including a buyer 's commission . Others use the eBay-like site Taobao operated by Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba . Sometimes , Zhang secures her clients an even steeper discount by buying items in Oregon , a sales tax-free U.S. state where she used to live . In a good month , she will buy about six bags from the likes of Chanel , Hermes , Prada , Dior and Bottega Veneta and has made purchases on behalf of about 50 customers . First-name terms Paris-based Li , who only wanted to give his family name , earns more than $ 6,000 a month buying luxury items in French stores on behalf of clients back home . An MBA graduate , he has no plans to pursue a different career despite his educational credentials . "  I 'm a big fan of luxury products and I think daigou is a much easier job than others , " he said . However , Li says the business is unstable . Even though he 's on first-name terms with sales staff in stores like Hermes he ca n't get special deals . "  It 's Hermes so no-one can get any discount unless you are a super VIP , " he said . But an anti-corruption campaign launched by Chinese President Xi Jinping that saw Chinese sales of luxury goods slow significantly in 2013 has also hurt his business , said Li . His customers spend less than they used to as flaunting designer watches and extravagant gift giving to officials is now frowned upon . But Chinese wallets are expected to remain the globe 's biggest source of spending on designer goods , and , according to Erwan Rambourg , the author of The Bling Dynasty : Why the Reign of Chinese Luxury Shoppers Has Only Just Begun , Chinese consumers will account for one in two purchases by 2025 and most of these will be made abroad . "  Luxury goods help Chinese fit in socially and professionally , " he said . Smuggling or shopping ? With large amounts of money changing hands under the official radar , the trade has also caught the attention of China 's customs authorities . From August 1 , the General Administration of Customs has stipulated that all individuals engaged in "  cross-border e-commerce " must provide a list of imported and exported items to customs . "  Those who do not play by the rules will be seen as lawbreakers or even smugglers , " Lu Zhenwang , chief executive of Shanghai-based e-commerce firm Wanqing Consultancy told The China Daily . "  That 's a risk few people would want to take . " However , Zhang and Li both said they had no immediate plans to give up their lucrative sidelines despite the new regulation . "  You can say this is smuggling but you ca n't prove it . The products were purchased in a legal way , " said Li . Zhang says she does n't plan to be a personal shopper forever but it 's an easy way for her to earn extra cash at a time when many graduates , even those who studied abroad , struggle to find a job back home . After graduating , she hopes to find a job in television or the movie industry . "  It 's a part-time job for me so I can earn some pocket money . "	Personal shoppers helping Chinese get luxury goods for less Often students studying abroad , they can earn thousands of dollars a month Luxury items cost 30 % to 40 % more in China than U.S. and Europe Chinese customs authorities are cracking down on the trade ; viewed as smuggling
CNN  -- Manchester United announced on Tuesday an agreement had been reached with German champions Borussia Dortmund for the transfer of Shinji Kagawa . The deal for the Japan playmaker is subject to him passing a medical and obtaining a U.K. work permit . "  Manchester United is delighted to announce that it has agreed terms with both Borussia Dortmund and Shinji Kagawa for his transfer to the club , " read a brief statement on the 19-time English champions ' website . Kagawa has starred for Dortmund since arriving in Germany from J-League team Cerezo Osaka in 2010 . The 23-year-old scored 21 goals in 49 Bundesliga matches for Dortmund , helping Jurgen Klopp 's team win back-to-back league titles and the 2012 German Cup . "  We would like to thank Shinji for his commitment and for playing a big part in two exceptionally successful years culminating in two German championships and a cup title , " Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc said on the team 's website . "  We wish Shinji all the best for the future . " Elsewhere in Germany , Hertha Berlin captain Levan Kobiashvili has been handed a record seven-and-a-half-month ban after he admitted hitting referee Wolfgang Stark . The incident occurred after the second leg of Hertha 's relegation playoff with Fortuna Dusseldorf , a match which saw the team from the German capital demoted to the second tier . The German Football Federation had initially handed the Georgian a one-year ban , but it was reduced on appeal on Monday . Meanwhile , young Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba has revealed that he is joining Italian champions Juventus . The 19-year-old France youth international has made only three first-team appearances since joining United in 2009 .	Manchester United announce a deal to sign Borussia Dortmund 's Shinji Kagawa Kagawa 's move is subject to passing a medical and obtaining a work permit The Japan playmaker helped Dortmund to the double in Germany last season Hertha Berlin captain Levan Kobiashvili handed record ban for hitting referee
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Deputies handcuffed singer Bobby Brown and led him from a courtroom to a jail cell Wednesday morning , as Whitney Houston 's ex-husband began serving time for a drunken driving conviction . Although the judge sentenced Brown to 55 days behind bars for his second conviction in a year for driving under the influence , he will likely be free in eight or nine days , according to Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Steve Whitmore . Good behavior rules and jail overcrowding guidelines add up to a sharp reduction in actual time served for county inmates , Whitmore said . Brown was taken into custody at the Van Nuys , California , courthouse at 9:10 a.m. , Whitmore said . Brown 's sentence was stiffer because his driver 's license was suspended after he pleaded no contest last summer to another charge of driving under the influence , Los Angeles city attorney 's spokesman Frank Mateljan said . Brown , 44 , spent time in a "  confidential rehabilitation center " last August as part of his plea deal for the April 2012 arrest . Brown was not in court last month when his lawyer entered his guilty plea on charges of driving under the influence , driving on a suspended license and violating his probation for the earlier conviction . A lawyer for the singer said he has accepted responsibility , and is committed to his sobriety . "  Brown is pleased that the matter has been resolved , " attorney Christopher Brown said in a statement . The judge imposed 10 days in jail for the drunken driving offense , 10 days for the suspended license conviction and 35 days for the probation violation , according to Mateljan . His probation was extended to four years , Mateljan said . A Los Angeles police officer smelled "  a strong scent of alcohol " when he approached Brown during the Ventura Boulevard traffic stop last October , a police spokesman said . Brown was arrested after a field sobriety test , the spokesman said . Brown was previously married to Whitney Houston . They divorced in 2007 . He has one daughter , Bobbi Kristina , from his relationship with Houston , as well as three other children . Houston died a little more than a year ago . Brown , who has been touring with his R&B group , New Edition , released "  Masterpiece , " his first solo album in 14 years , last June .	Although sentenced to 55 days in jail , Brown could be free in 8 or 9 , a sheriff spokesman says Good behavior rules and jail overcrowding guidelines mean a sharp reduction in time served Brown was taken into custody at the Van Nuys , California , courthouse Wednesday Brown has two DUI convictions in a year ; lawyer says he 's now committed to sobriety
CNN  -- Ferrari would welcome back Ross Brawn to help turn around the famous Formula One team 's flagging fortunes . As Ferrari 's former technical director , Brawn helped guide the Scuderia to six constructors ' titles as well as five world titles between 2000 and 2004 with Michael Schumacher . Ferrari 's new team principal Marco Mattiacci revealed to CNN he would be happy to work with the English technical guru . "  Ross Brawn is an iconic figure at -LSB- Ferrari headquarters -RSB- Maranello , " Mattiacci told CNN . "  Everyone would like to have Ross or would like to see Ross back at Ferrari . "  He 's one of the most respected personalities in F1 with the highest knowledge and pedigree . Everybody would be happy with someone like Ross . " Brawn left his latest role as team principal of Mercedes in 2013 after taking the Silver Arrows to the verge of their most successful season in the sport since the 1950s . The German team is leading this season 's team and driver championships with Brawn acknowledged as a huge driving force behind the success . In contrast , Ferrari has not won the team title since 2008 while current driver Kimi Raikkonen was the last to win the drivers ' crown in 2007 . Fernando Alonso continues to drive for the team , finishing on the podium twice this season , while Raikkonen has struggled to adapt to the feel of the car under 2014 's huge rule changes . Ferrari would love to emulate Mercedes ' sensational return to form , perhaps with Brawn 's help . "  We 've talked several times , " said the Ferrari team principal , who took over the role following Stefano Domenicali 's resignation in April . "  Ross has been at Ferrari . He came here with friends so it was very nice to spend a few minutes -LSB- together -RSB- . " Brawn is on a break from F1 after leaving Mercedes following a management restructure which saw former McLaren technical director Paddy Lowe arrive to lead the team alongside Toto Wolff . However , Mattiacci made it clear that any future for Brawn with Ferrari would not undermine his tenure at the top . Successful story "  At the moment I am the number one on the team , " the Italian insisted . "  I like to work with what I have . We are building a very strong team with a medium , long-term plan . "  My role is to shorten as much as I can this plan to make it effective as soon as possible . We are building the foundation for a very successful story . " Certainly , Mattiacci is a man who has created his own story of success up to this point , following a 15-year career with the Italian marque . Roles in Asia and Europe led to the 43-year-old becoming president of the North American business , where he picked up the ` Automotive Executive of the Year Award ' following a 20 % increase in sales . So global were his previous roles that he 's currently readjusting to life back in Italy for the first time in 20 years , while his young family remain in the US . Critics argue Mattiacci lacks F1 experience , but for the man who lives by a personal motto of ` nothing is impossible ' , this is the time for the ` Prancing Horse ' to be bullish . And key to rediscovering their ` self confidence ' will be not to repeat the mistakes of the recent past . Ferrari failed to take advantage of 2014 's new engine formula , which opened the door to catch up on its rivals , and engine chief Luca Marmorini subsequently found himself without a job . The Scuderia reportedly made another big money offer to Red Bull 's star technical chief Adrian Newey this year , although he turned it down to stay on at Red Bull in a revised role . A much needed reorganization of Ferrari 's technical department continues to be led by James Allison , who returned to the Italian team in 2013 from the Lotus F1 team . When asked if he was confident he might be able to tempt Brawn to also return to Ferrari , Mattiacci responded : "  As I said , at the moment I 'm building a new team . "  James is the technical director and I want to start from this point . "  To tango you have to have two , " the classical music fan told CNN . "  Maybe Ross is happy with what he is doing . " Brawn , who turned to his hobby of fly-fishing after leaving Ferrari in 2006 , might not be fishing for a return to F1 or Ferrari yet . But if Mattiacci could persuade him to join the Italian marque he would have landed one of the sport 's biggest catches .	Ferrari team principal says Ross Brawn is "  an iconic figure " at the Italian Formula One team Marco Mattiacci adds everyone would like to see the former technical director back at Ferrari Brawn is on a break from F1 after leaving Mercedes at the end of 2014 Mattiacci adds any potential return for Brawn would not impinge on his own role
CNN  -- Dr. George Tiller knew that violence could come at any moment . For a reminder , he needed to think only of the old gunshot wounds in his arms from 1993 or the bombing of his clinic years earlier . Dr. George Tiller was one of the few U.S. physicians who performed late-term abortions . Still , Tiller , who was fatally shot at his Kansas church Sunday , continued to provide the late-term abortions that often brought protesters to his Women 's Health Care Services clinic in Wichita . Tiller , one of the few physicians who was still offering such abortions in the United States , "  made an effort to live his life as normally as possible , knowing he could be a target at any time , " said Peter Brownlie , president of the regional Planned Parenthood office in Kansas City , Missouri . Normal came with an asterisk . The 67-year-old had armed security at his clinic and a "  pretty rigorous " security procedure at home , Brownlie said . Scott Roeder from the Kansas City , Kansas , area is being held without bail in the shooting , according to the sheriff 's office Web site . A motive was n't immediately known . But if someone targeted Tiller for his work , it would n't be the first time . "  What a gentle soul , " said Suzanne Poppema , chairwoman of the board for the Physicians for Reproductive Choice and Health , national network of abortion-rights physicians who are committed to providing the best possible care for patients . Tiller also served on the board for the group . "  He was a rational intelligent human being . " Poppema called his death "  the ultimate backwardness . " She said the threat of attack was often a concern for Tiller and is a worry for many doctors and medical students who choose to perform abortions . "  It wears on your psychology , because you always have to be looking over your shoulder , thinking , ` Is today OK or not OK ? ' " Poppema said . "  Because you are doing work that is medically correct and yet having to operate as if you live in a war zone . " Poppema said the attacks , even after Tiller was shot through both arms in 1993 , did n't deter him from practicing . An ardent foe of abortion , Shelley Shannon , was convicted of attempted murder and is serving a 20-year sentence in federal prison for the shooting . See all abortion-related attacks since 1993 " Tiller 's clinic was damaged by a bombing in the mid-1980s , and it has been picketed for years , with some activists distributing leaflets around his neighborhood , Brownlie said . Watch background on George Tiller " "  He endured that kind of stuff on a very frequent basis , " Brownlie said . "  As recently as early this month , the clinic sustained serious vandalism that put them out of commission for a week or so . " Tiller , a former Navy flight surgeon , took over his father 's Wichita medical practice where abortions were performed during a time when the procedure was illegal . Tiller 's practices had an effect on proposed abortion legislation . This year , before she was sworn in as U.S. secretary of health and human services , Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius vetoed a bill that would have required doctors to give more details when justifying late-term abortions to the state health department , the Wichita Eagle reported . Tiller also made a mark on Sebelius ' confirmation process for the health and human services post . Sebelius came under fire in part because Tiller and his staff attended a 2007 reception that Sebelius held at the governor 's mansion and because she originally failed to account for donations she received from him . Tiller , a University of Kansas medical school graduate , had been practicing medicine for about 40 years , starting as an intern at a U.S. naval hospital and later becoming a Navy flight surgeon in California , according to his clinic 's Web site . He started providing abortion services in 1973 and became the clinic 's director two years later , according to the Web site . The clinic also provided grief counseling and funerals . His patients were "  almost always in circumstances where something had gone horribly wrong with a pregnancy " and where a woman 's health would be endangered if the pregnancy continued , Brownlie said . His willingness to perform late-term abortions as more and more doctors abandoned them made Tiller a lightning rod for anti-abortion rights activists and legislators . Kansas law generally allows abortions even into the third trimester so long as the physician determines that the fetus is n't viable . A doctor who makes such a determination after 21 weeks gestation must report the reasons why the determination was made . "  Third-trimester abortion is simply a part of abortion , " Tiller told Wichita TV station KAKE in 1999 . "  We have constructed our clinic and our philosophy along the lines that until you have natural survivalhood -LSB- of the fetus -RSB- , the woman is the patient , not the fetus . "  When does natural survivalhood come on ? ... Sometime after the end of the second trimester . " Watch panel discuss implications of his slaying " But even if a fetus is determined to be viable after 21 weeks , Kansas law still permits a doctor to perform an abortion if that physician and another determine that the procedure is necessary to preserve the life of the woman . Tiller was the only Kansas doctor still performing late-term abortions in Kansas , the Wichita Eagle reported . His Web site said his clinic had "  more experience in late abortion services over 24 weeks than anyone else currently practicing in the Western Hemisphere , Europe and Australia . " He faced repeated legal challenges . In March , he was acquitted on 19 misdemeanor counts relating to how he obtained second opinions for late-term abortions , according to the Wichita newspaper . In 2008 , an inquiry initiated by abortion opponents who petitioned state authorities to convene a grand jury ended without charges . Tiller is survived by a wife , four children and 10 grandchildren . In a statement issued Sunday through Tiller 's lawyers , his family said their loss "  is also a loss for the City of Wichita and women across America . " "  George dedicated his life to providing women with high-quality health care despite frequent threats and violence . We ask that he be remembered as a good husband , father and grandfather and a dedicated servant on behalf of the rights of women everywhere . " CNN 's Matt Smith and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	George Tiller was one of few remaining doctors in U.S. offering late-term abortions He had been shot in 1993 and lived under the constant threat of violence He made mark on confirmation process for head of health and human services "  Third-trimester abortion is simply a part of abortion , " Tiller said in 1999
Amid mounting international pressure , Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan spoke Sunday about his government 's efforts to rescue more than 200 schoolgirls abducted by militants . "  Wherever these girls are , we 'll get them out , " he said , acknowledging that officials do n't know where they are . The President criticized the girls ' parents for not cooperating fully with police . "  What we request is maximum cooperation from the guardians and the parents of these girls . Because up to this time , they have not been able to come clearly , to give the police clear identity of the girls that have yet to return , " he said . Protesters took to the streets over the weekend . On Sunday , about 100 demonstrators gathered outside the Nigerian High Commission in London again , where they chanted "  Bring them back ! " as well as "  Not for sale ! " and "  African lives matter ! " The mainly female crowd , from young girls to older women , also carried banners that read "  These are our sisters " and "  No child born to be taken . " "  It 's very important that everyone do something , " London teacher Leyla Chery , who attended the demonstration with her 8-year-old daughter , told CNN . "  We have ways to find the girls , but we have n't done enough and the government in Nigeria has n't done enough . So we should definitely try to push them . I talk to my students in class about the girls . " Crowds from Los Angeles to London rallied on Saturday , carrying posters reading #BringBackOurGirls -- a campaign that began on Twitter after the mass abduction of the girls by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram last month . In Washington , protesters gathered at the Lincoln Memorial to denounce what they described as a poor response by the Nigerian government to rescue the girls . The social media campaign has gained momentum with celebrities , such as singer Mary J. Blige , offering their support . Education advocate and Nobel Peace Prize nominee Malala Yousafzai , the Pakistani schoolgirl who made a miraculous recovery after being shot in the head by the Taliban , posed in a picture with the #BringBackOurGirls poster . On Saturday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called on Nigeria 's President to step up efforts to find the girls , who were kidnapped April 14 from a school in Chibok , in the country 's rural northeast . Boko Haram : A bloody insurgency , a growing challenge Anger has been mounting in Nigeria over the lack of information about what efforts are under way to secure the girls ' release . Many contend authorities are not doing enough and have taken to social media using hashtags #BringBackOurGirls and #BringBackOurDaughters to demand more from the government , a move that appears to have ignited a global call for action . Nigeria 's Defense Ministry has said it is committed to the search . In London , Matilda Egere-Cooper , one of the organizers of Sunday 's protest , said she wanted to raise awareness about the "  disastrous " situation in Nigeria . "  I think its so important that the Nigerian government do a lot more in finding these women , " Egere-Cooper , herself of Nigerian origin , told CNN . "  We are here today to lend our support in making sure that the girls are returned to their family . We also want to bring attention to women being in the center of various conflicts , wars that are happening around the world . We do n't think it 's right . " Speaking during a visit to the Ethiopian capital , Addis Ababa , Kerry called on the government to bring those responsible to justice . "  The kidnapping of hundreds of children by Boko Haram is an unconscionable crime , and we will do everything possible to support the Nigerian government to return these young women to their homes and to hold the perpetrators to justice , " he said . Boko Haram 's name translates to "  Western education is a sin , " and the group especially opposes the education of women . Under its version of Sharia law , women should be at home raising children and looking after their husbands , not at school learning to read and write . According to accounts , armed members of Boko Haram overwhelmed security guards at the all-girls school in Chibok , pulled the girls out of bed and forced them into trucks . The convoy of trucks then disappeared into the dense forest bordering Cameroon . On Friday , Nigerian authorities updated the number of girls kidnapped to 276 . At least 53 of the girls escaped , leaving 223 in the hands of their captors , police said . Authorities said that the new figure for missing girls -- 223 -- could grow as police fill in spotty school enrollment records . Why terror group kidnaps schoolgirls , and what happens next	Goodluck Jonathan criticizes the girls ' parents for not cooperating fully with police Protesters take to streets in London again calling for the release of schoolgirls Rallies were held around the world Saturday , mounting pressure on Nigeria to do more A total of 276 schoolgirls were abducted , many still in the hands of captors
Thousands of Chinese protesters hurled bottles and eggs outside the Japanese embassy in Beijing over the weekend amid growing tensions between the two nations over a group of disputed islands . Waving Chinese national flags and holding portraits of the late Chairman Mao Zedong , the mostly young protesters chanted "  down with Japanese imperialism " and called for war as they made their way down the streets under the watchful eyes of police and guards . Elsewhere in China , anti-Japanese rallies broke out in dozens of cities and sometimes turned violent . Messages and photos posted on Chinese social media sites showed angry mobs in numerous cities ransacking Japanese stores and restaurants as well as smashing and burning cars of Japanese make . Japanese media also reported incidents of assault on Japanese nationals in China in the past few days . A Chinese foreign ministry spokesman insisted Friday that the public anger was not aimed at the Japanese people , whose safety would be protected in China according to law . Authorities rarely permit protests in China , prompting suspicion that Saturday 's nationwide rallies were government-sanctioned . In Beijing , police walking along the demonstrators were seen to ask spectators to join in instead of blocking the street . By Saturday night , China 's state-run media had started appealing for restraint , running commentaries that condemned violence and lectured the public on the true meaning of patriotism . In a sign of rising concern over the gathering of large crowds , authorities in cities that had seen the most ferocious protests canceled entertainment and sporting events . Asian islands dispute : Who claims what ? Tensions escalated Friday when Chinese maritime surveillance ships ignored warnings from Japan and briefly entered waters around the group of islands at the center of the heated territorial dispute . The ships arrived near the uninhabited islands -- which Japan calls Senkaku and China calls Diaoyu -- and began patrols and "  law enforcement , " China 's state-run news agency Xinhua reported . Economic consequences of island spat The islands , situated in the East China Sea between Okinawa and Taiwan , are under Japanese control , but China claims they have been a part of its territory for ages . The long-running argument over who has sovereignty has triggered protests in both nations . The United States , a key ally of Japan , has repeatedly urged Tokyo and Beijing to resolve the dispute through dialogue . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta will meet with his counterparts in Japan and China this weekend , the Department of Defense said Thursday . Chinese vessels had all left the waters by Friday afternoon and headed north , the Japanese Coast Guard said . Japan said it will intensify patrols of the area . The controversial Chinese move to begin patrols around the islands follows Japan 's purchase of several of the islands from a private owner this week . China described the deal as "  illegal and invalid . " Animosity between the two countries over the islands runs deep . They have come to represent what many Chinese see as unfinished business : redressing the impact of the Japanese occupation of large swathes of eastern China during the 1930s and 1940s . China says its claim goes back hundreds of years . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa .	Chinese ships briefly enter waters around the group of islands Tensions between Japan and China are high over the disputed islands Japan controls the islands , but China claims they are part of its territory
CNN  -- Industrialized countries have been enabling corruption in Africa by providing crooked officials with a haven for their money , according to Nobel economics laureate Joseph Stiglitz . The former World Bank chief economist , one of the few economists to foresee the global financial crisis , was among the speakers at this year 's Global Poverty Summit , held in Johannesburg . Speaking to CNN 's Robyn Curnow , Stiglitz expressed optimism about Africa 's economic prospects , but he said there should be more discussion about undisclosed bank accounts in the West that are used to facilitate high-level fraud in Africa . "  The advanced industrial countries have some responsibility , " said Stiglitz . "  One of the things that 's on a standard form is for corrupt dictators to steal money and put it in a bank account in an advanced industrial country . "  There 's been a lot of discussion in the G-20 about secret bank accounts as tax agents -- there has n't been enough discussion of secret bank accounts as corruption facilitators . " Stiglitz said corruption could be reduced by increasing scrutiny of corrupt governments , using mechanisms such as freedom of information acts and a free press . But he added that the West also had a role to play . "  One of the countries that hosted the G-20 and talked all the time about tax corruption , that same country is a haven for corrupt money and refuses to repatriate money that has been stolen from Africa , " he said . "  Now , this seems to me something that ought to be on the agenda . There 's a relationship , there are people making money off of it , and we ought to stop that . "  We should n't enable that corruption and we 're doing that in the West when we allow them to have their secret bank accounts . " Stiglitz added that there was reason for optimism about economic growth in Africa , with changes to economic policies in recent years starting to bear fruit . "  There is an enormous amount of dynamism in Africa , so I think it 's a moment of real opportunity , " he said . But he stressed the need for Africa to reverse what he called its "  process of de-industrialization over the last 25 years . " "  One of the things that Africa has to do is realize it can not just be a source of natural resources , that it has to start industrializing , producing agriculture services -- it 's not just the old industry , " he said . "  I think it 's actually a very good time . Wages are rising in Asia and people are asking , ` Where can we start producing in a competitive way ? ' I think Africa provides an example of one of the important areas . "	Joseph Stiglitz is a Nobel economics laureate and a former World Bank chief economist He says bank secrecy in the West facilitates corruption in Africa He calls on African states to industrialize , and to produce agricultural services
CNN  -- A class action lawsuit against Instagram has been filed in San Francisco federal court , following user outrage regarding the mobile photo sharing app 's changed Terms of Service . This appears to be the first civil lawsuit filed as a result of Instagram 's service term changes , Reuters reports . Lucy Funes , a California Instagram user , claimed breach of contract , among other things , on behalf of herself and others similarly affected . The lawsuit was filed Friday despite Instagram reverting some of the clauses it had announced it would change . "  In short , Instagram declares that ` possession is nine-tenths of the law and if you do n't like it , you ca n't stop us , ' " the lawsuit says . Mashable has reached out to Facebook , the company that now owns Instagram , for comment , and will update this story should Facebook respond . Instagram Vows : We Wo n't Use Your Photos in Ads Last week , Instagram announced that it had changed its TOS , which spurred widespread outrage from users and celebrities -- National Geographic even shut down its account , though it 's now posting again . The new rules suggested Instagram would sell users ' photos without compensation and introduced a mandatory arbitration clause , which would force users to waive their rights to file a class action lawsuit in most circumstances . Following the user response , CEO Keving Systrom retracted the new clause about using photos without compensation . Instagram maintained the mandatory arbitration clause as well as a clause saying it will display ads based on user content . Are you still upset with Instagram ? Let us know in the comments if you think Funes ' case has merit .	Instagram hit with class-action lawsuit over privacy changes Suit comes even though the app 's owners changed back language California woman says terms-of-service change is breach of contract
CNN  -- At least 1,000 prisoners are on death row in Iraq , which now has one of the highest rates of execution in the world , the human rights group Amnesty International says in a report being released Tuesday . Samar Saed Abdullah is one of many facing execution in Iraq . She 's accused of being an accessory to murders . The courts that sentence people to death do not meet international standards , the report charged , and Iraqi authorities "  provide very little information on executions , and some have been carried out secretly . " It criticizes the Central Criminal Court of Iraq and the Supreme Iraqi Criminal Tribunal , which issue the majority of death sentences in the country . "  Defendants commonly complain that ` confessions ' were extracted from them under torture , " the report alleges . "  Defendants also complain that they are not able to choose their own defense lawyers " when they appear before the Central Criminal Court of Iraq . But Iraqi Justice Minister Dara Noor al-Deen Bahaa al-Deen , who said he says he is in favor of abolishing the death penalty , defended the Iraqi justice system , saying it is fair . "  As a judge , I assert that these measures take place with every crime that occurs . Of course , every defendant claims innocence and that the trial is unfair , but I am certain and reassured that -- especially now -- that any defendant , no matter what the sentence is , receives a fair trial and is given enough time for his testimony , that of the witnesses , " al-Deen said . "  Afterward , the court makes its ruling . If it finds that the evidence is sufficient that he/she committed the crime , it hands down the sentence he/she deserves . " Watch more about Amnesty 's report and a woman on Iraq 's death row " Trials at the Supreme Iraqi Criminal Tribunal , which tries former Saddam Hussein-era officials charged with crimes against humanity and other major offenses , "  have been marred by political interference , " Amnesty charges . The group says the trial of Hussein himself was subject to such interference , with the government dismissing a judge considered unlikely to support the death sentence against him . The former Iraqi leader was hanged in December 2006 . The report says that Iraqi President Jalal Talabani opposes the death penalty but has refused to block executions . And it quotes Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki as "  repeatedly " defending the death penalty . Amnesty International opposes it "  in all cases without exception , " the group says in its report . The report lists a wide variety of crimes that can result in the death penalty , including murder , crimes compromising state security , attempting to overthrow the government by violent means and damaging public property . When asked by CNN about pleas not to execute women on death row , many of them mothers , al-Deen said , "  For us , there is no difference between men and women who commit crimes . A person who commits a crime should be punished . In general , this ca n't happen now or in a year or two , but I hope in the future , the death penalty would be abolished , because I am personally in favor of life sentences rather than the death penalty . " Al-Deen said a request by him to waive the death penalty would have no effect . "  Even if I put in a request , this is a worthless request , because there is a law . As for abolishing the death sentence and replacing it with life imprisonment , that is an amendment of the law , and that has to happen through parliament . And parliament as the representative of the people decides if the punishment changes or does n't , " he said . Responding to a reference to "  hasty rulings , " he said , "  I do n't think the judiciary rushes to make a ruling , especially a death penalty for a convict . There are many severe sentences that were handed down , and when they reached the appeals court , they were returned back and changed . " Amnesty International provided CNN with a copy of the report ahead of its publication . The report appears to be based on media reports and information from the Iraqi Interior Ministry and Ministry of Human Rights . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	Amnesty International says nation has one of world 's highest execution rates Report says at least 1,000 on death row , executions are often carried out in secret Iraqi justice minister says he favors abolishing death penalty , calls justice system fair Justice minister says request by him to waive death penalty would have no effect
CNN  -- Hollywood loves a cash cow , and Heidi Murkoff 's pregnancy bible surely qualifies . It spent more than a decade on The New York Times ' best-seller lists , and there are some 17 million copies in print . So what if there 's no story ? There 's a name -- and as all parents know , that 's a major achievement in itself . So , what to expect from "  What to Expect When You 're Expecting " -- the movie ? Like other recent "  concept " films , those cynical date movies -- "  Valentine 's Day " and "  New Year 's Eve " for instance -- the film wears a celebrity-studded thong to cover any perceived shortcomings in the script department . They come in all shapes and sizes , new and old . Kids your kids will know like Anna Kendrick , and Chace Crawford , TV personalities like "  Glee 's " Matthew Morrison and Cheryl Cole  playing herself  rubbing shoulders with inescapable media magnets like Chris Rock and Jennifer Lopez . We even get celebrities playing celebrities : Cameron Diaz as motivational weight-loss guru/dance show winner Jules , Elizabeth Banks as baby store owner/nursery book author Wendy , Dennis Quaid as Wendy 's overbearing father-in-law , an ex-NASCAR champ , Ramsey . These are n't people you meet in my neighborhood , but types we know well from talk shows and supermarket tabloids , and see , here 's the point , when it comes to obstetrics , they 're just like you and me : anxious , nauseous , excited , and at the mercy of the fates . Screenwriters Shauna Cross and Heather Hach hop between half a dozen couples , most of them residents of Atlanta , and each allocated a representative pregnancy issue . Holly and Alex  Lopez and Rodrigo Santoro  are adopting a Kenyan baby , but he 's getting cold feet and she 's losing her best-paid gig . Rival food cart chefs Rosie and Marco  Kendrick and Crawford  get pregnant on their first date , and do n't know if they 're ready to remake "  Knocked Up " so soon . Meanwhile Wendy wants everything to be just perfect but is n't prepared for the gas . ... The jokes are feeble and the conflicts never transcend sitcom material -- in other words , "  What to Expect When You 're Expecting " is entirely predictable and not a little redundant . The days when the movies would discreetly close the door when a woman went into labor  "  Hot water , and lots of it ! "  are long gone . It 's been nearly 30 years since Murkoff 's book was first published , and there 's hardly an aspect of pregnancy that has n't been channeled into Hollywood clich  . Which is n't to deny there 's something reassuring about seeing other people going through this stuff one more time . Perhaps the saddest aspect of what is largely , admittedly , an inoffensive and anodyne enterprise , is the sad spectacle of Rock and chums wheeling strollers through the park in the service of lame gags about baby-whipped dads . As far as we 've come , it would seem that half the world 's parents are still little more than a laughingstock . Final word : not worth the sitter .	The movie is based on Heidi Murkoff 's pregnancy bible The jokes are feeble and the conflicts never transcend sitcom material , Tom Charity says "  What to Expect When You 're Expecting " is entirely predictable , the reviewer says
CNN  -- More than a week after the grand jury 's decision in Ferguson , protests continue nationwide . On campuses , in malls , on streets and in stadiums , Americans young and old are voicing their anger about the non-indictments in the deaths of Michael Brown and now Eric Garner in New York -- and about the rigged system that makes such results all too common . This proliferation of protests is good . But it 's not good enough . First , let 's reflect a bit on why it 's good . Anytime Americans start seeing themselves as more than mere consumers or spectators -- rather , as citizens and participants -- something healthy is happening . That 's especially true when people are willing to flex their citizen muscles during the start of peak shopping season . So seeing protesters from Seattle to New York engage in civil disobedience on Black Friday was heartening . Did all the walk-outs and "  die-ins " inconvenience some shoppers and deal-seekers ? Sure . The post-Ferguson moment demands , at a bare minimum , that we all raise our sights beyond one-day sale tags . But while the protests are promising and necessary , they are also insufficient . A deeper phase of work is needed . And here all of America can learn from what 's already been happening in Missouri . The media has tended to focus on the most eye-catching conflict -- either daytime marches with famous activists , or nighttime rioting after the grand jury decision . But off-camera , people on the ground in and around this community have been doing something simple and difficult . They 've been moving from protest to power . Faith groups and grassroots organizers like Communities Creating Opportunity and the Organization for Black Struggle have , since this summer , been engaging people in Ferguson to organize and advocate for reforms , to register , to vote , to understand the makeup and the methods of the city council and the state legislature . In short , to do politics . This may seem unsatisfying to some , even irrelevant . The members of the millennial generation who are driving so many of the protests today are idealistic and networked -- but also exceedingly cynical about traditional politics and government . And young African-Americans who are most often subjected to arbitrary abuses by the criminal justice system have the most reason to be mistrustful of the larger political machinery that begat that system . But what the grassroots organizers in Ferguson teach us is that there is no avoiding politics . Indeed , there is no way to achieve any scaled and durable reform without stepping into the arena of government , policy , politics , and elections . A change in city council representation can lead to a change in how truly representative one 's police force is . A well-coordinated campaign to let elected officials know you are part of a collective with voice , clout , savvy , and votes can lead to a change in attitude among those elected -- and then to changes in policy . What this requires is an understanding of the institutions that govern how we govern ourselves . What it requires is literacy in civic power . This is why the organization I run , Citizen University , is working with partners around the country to teach people about the skills and systems of power . And it 's why everyone , left or right -- and especially those living on the front lines of racial disparity and violent inequity -- must learn how to read and to write power . Wherever you live , ask yourself : Could I teach someone what the activists in Ferguson are teaching people now ? Could I teach them how my city makes policy , how politicians respond to public pressure , how to navigate the rules of voting , how to make votes cancel out money ? All around the world , from Tahrir Square a few years ago to Hong Kong today , we see young people caught up in what one journalist called "  the euphoria of defiance . " Alas , in most of those situations , we also see what happens when protesters are unable to convert civil disobedience into civil self-rule . That requires strategy . It requires organization . It requires patient instruction in citizenship . Fifty-nine years ago this week , Rosa Parks made a heroic choice not to sit at the back of the bus . But what her story teaches us is this : Heroes are what happens when a moment calls forth people well prepared by institutions . Parks did not arrive randomly at that occasion on that bus . She had been groomed by an ecosystem of civil rights groups like the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , trained at places like the Highlander Folk School . She had understood her choice -- her immovable defiance -- to be part of a larger story and a methodical strategy for the attainment of power . This is what unsung but undaunted citizen organizers and educators are doing in Ferguson today . They 've moved past "  Hands Up , Do n't Shoot " gestures . They are getting hands-on about changing their community . And so should we all . That 's how we can make this a season of powerful citizenship .	Eric Liu : Protests over Ferguson are promising , but also insufficient . Everyone , left or right , must learn how to read and to write power : Liu Liu : Rosa Parks understood her choice to be part of a larger story
CNN  -- Picture a mansion on an estate that , before the Civil War , was a thriving Southern cotton plantation . Entering the lavish home is a tall , lanky , bearded man wearing a suit and a stovepipe hat . Sound familiar ? Next , another man dressed as Abraham Lincoln arrives -- also tall and bearded -- with the same hat . Then a third . And a fourth . Yep , what we have here is an honest-to-goodness convention of Lincoln lookalikes . Photographer T.J. Kirkpatrick documented this annual meeting of the Association of Lincoln Presenters in April . His images remind us how iconic the 16th President of the United States continues to be , 149 years after his assassination . "  It was certainly quirky , " said Kirkpatrick , who especially enjoyed reactions the Lincolns would get in public by people who were n't part of the group . "  They 'd be surprised to see one Lincoln . Then , once they realized there were 20 more of them , it was like , ` Oh my God ! ' " The Lincolns were joined by other lookalikes of the same era , including women dressed as first lady Mary Todd Lincoln , complete with petticoats and huge , colorful gowns . After arriving at the mansion at Lansdowne Plantation in Natchez , Mississippi , some of the Lincolns unbuttoned their long suit coats and sat down for dinner . Kirkpatrick photographed the group at the dining room table . "  A lot of the conversation was just them catching up about their kids and grandkids , " Kirkpatrick said . "  There was this air of history hanging over the conversation because of the setting -- and because of their costumes . " Actually , Kirkpatrick gets paid to photograph the real President of the United States . As a photojournalist with White House credentials , he regularly takes news assignments that put him in the Oval Office just a few feet from President Barack Obama . Kirkpatrick 's trip down south was part of a larger project surrounding conventions in general . "  The idea is to look at people sort of gathering around their interests , " he explained . "  When they come together -- when they kind of join their flock -- I find a certain honesty in those moments . I hope the pictures that I 'm making reveal the community they 're creating around this particular interest . " Kirkpatrick has photographed plenty of Civil War battle re-enactments . You might say the Lincoln convention is a geekier kind of re-enactment -- for political history buffs . "  By and large they take their roles fairly seriously , " he said . "  In general , everybody was in their suit and top hat for four days . " That 's commitment . In one of Kirkpatrick 's favorite images from the shoot , an "  Abe " steals a kiss from a "  Mary " outside a hotel ballroom . "  It 's a very human moment -- a very honest interaction between husband and wife , " he said . "  And it happens to be that they 're dressed as these historical characters . " The convention came with jarring visual anachronisms . For example , it was impossible to ignore the sight of Abe Lincoln on a cell phone . And two Lincolns using digital cameras to snap photos of each other is n't something you see every day . The convention also provoked stark observations . In fact , the irony of an ex-slave plantation hosting an event honoring the man who freed America 's slaves was n't lost on Kirkpatrick . "  They had a little patch of cotton on the property where people who go on tours can actually pick cotton , " Kirkpatrick said . Some of the re-enactors decided to try it . "  It was weird seeing a bunch of Lincolns gathered around picking cotton , " he said . Also during the plantation tour , one conventioneer -- portraying African-American abolitionist leader Frederick Douglass -- commented about the trees in the area . "  I wonder if anyone was ever hung from these branches . These trees could tell some stories , " Kirkpatrick recalled the man saying . The comment , Kirkpatrick said , "  gave a broader context to this gathering -- that there was so much history that gets ignored or brushed under the table when we see a person portraying Lincoln ... or we go to a Civil War re-enactment . It 's a very thin slice of the reality of those people 's lives at that time . " "  It was n't a morbid observation , I think it was a very honest one , " Kirkpatrick said . "  There 's a lot that we do n't know , that does n't get talked about -- certainly from that time period -- that should be . T.J. Kirkpatrick is a documentary photographer and multimedia producer based in Washington . You can follow him on Tumblr .	Photographer T.J. Kirkpatrick documented a convention of Abraham Lincoln lookalikes He traveled to Mississippi for a meeting of the Association of Lincoln Presenters View high-resolution photos of Kirkpatrick 's Lincoln Presenters project
CNN  It 's one of the most famous faces in history , even though no one really knows what he looked like . Instead , every culture , every generation , remakes Jesus in its own image . A blonde-haired , blue-eyed savior when America was mostly Anglo-Protestant , at least in Hollywood 's eyes . An androgynous , meek-and-mild messiah during the anything-goes 1970s . A studly action-figure hero after the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Flip through the gallery above , and you 'll see what I mean . If you turned on the television this past Sunday , though , a new vision of Jesus came into view . Darker , in mood and skin tone . Earthy rather than ethereal . If not following all of history 's clues -- Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus -- then at least inching closer . Flipping through the channels on a day millions of Western Christians celebrated the resurrection of their savior , viewers could choose from "  Killing Jesus , " a NatGeo production rebroadcast Sunday on Fox . "  A.D. , " NBC 's sequel to the blockbuster miniseries "  The Bible , " and "  Finding Jesus , " CNN 's addition to the ever-burgeoning body of Christ-centered TV fare . Does God have a prayer in Hollywood ? What unites these disparate projects , besides a recognition that Jesus always draws an audience and the Good Book is good for business , is the type of men chosen to play Christ . They are brawny , with brown eyes and dark complexions . They look like men who could be carpenters , if not in Nazareth , than at least in the Mediterranean neighborhood . Haaz Sleiman , from "  Killing Jesus , " was born and raised in Lebanon . He 's also Muslim , a fact that annoyed some Christians , who took to Twitter to voice their displeasure . Adam Bond , a British actor of mixed heritage , including Native American , portrays Jesus during the historical reenactments in "  Finding Jesus . " And Juan Pablo Di Pace -- a Argentinian named after the late St. Pope John Paul II -- takes a starring role in "  A.D. , " replacing Diogo Morgado , dubbed "  hot Jesus , " by some , "  smarmy Jesus " by others . You could make the case that authenticity is the coin of our current entertainment realm , and that filmmakers are competing to make their work as historically accurate as possible . Contemporary viewers are too savvy to stomach the fake beards and odd accents that littered the camels-and-sandals epics of eras past . But there 's another , deeper meaning behind our new , multicultural Jesuses , scholars say . "  Filmmakers and networks are in touch with the fact that the complexion of America has changed , " said Stephenson Humphries-Brooks , a religion scholar and author of "  Cinematic Savior : Hollywood 's Making of the American Christ . " "  A large number of Americans are people of color : Latinos and Middle Easterners and people from India , " Humphries-Books continued . "  That means the audience base is shifting in various and important ways . " The audience base may be shifting , but it 's also tuning in . Each of the Jesus shows drew big ratings , which means you 'll likely be seeing more of Christ as you channel surf . But according to the Apostle Paul , almost every depiction of Jesus so far has gotten at least one detail wrong : his flowing locks . Real men do n't wear long hair , said the New Testament scribe .	If you turned on the television this past Sunday , a new vision of Jesus came into view . Darker , in mood and skin tone . Earthy rather than ethereal . According to the Apostle Paul , almost every depiction of Jesus so far has gotten at least one detail wrong .
CNN  -- Madonna said she hopes the Malawian girl she wants to adopt and the boy she already adopted "  will one day return to Malawi and help the people of their country . " A judge has rejected Madonna 's adoption application . A Malawian judge this month rejected the American pop star 's petition to adopt 3-year-old Chifundo "  Mercy " James , but her lawyer has filed an appeal . "  I want to provide Mercy with a home , a loving family environment and the best education and health care possible , " Madonna said in an e-mail to The Nation , a Malawian newspaper . "  And it 's my hope that she , like David , will one day return to Malawi and help the people of their country . " Madonna 's statement , which her publicist provided to CNN , steered away from commenting on her legal battle . "  Though I have been advised that I can not publicly discuss the pending appeal regarding my desire to adopt Mercy , I do want to say how much I appreciate the level of support that I have received from the people of Malawi and my friends around the world , " she said . The judge who ruled against the adoption said she had "  a gripping temptation " to approve it , but decided doing so would open doors to child trafficking , court records show . "  Anyone could come to Malawi and quickly arrange for an adoption that might have grave consequences on the very children that the law seeks to protect , " Justice E.J. Chombo wrote in her ruling . The judge also said she thought the child was in good hands at an orphanage . Another Malawian judge approved Madonna 's adoption of David Banda in 2006 . Chombo 's ruling followed weeks of criticism by human-rights activists , who accused the mother of three of using her fame to circumvent a residency law for foreigners adopting in the southern African country . Save the Children UK had also urged Madonna to let the child be raised by her relatives in her home community . The denial was applauded by a coalition of Malawian nonprofits . "  Inter-country adoption is not the best way of providing protection to children . ... Supporting children from outside our country only helps five of the 1.5 million orphans we have , " said Mavuto Bamusi , national coordinator of the Malawi Human Rights Consultative Committee . Malawi government officials have said that they supported Madonna 's second adoption . The recently divorced singer was married to British filmmaker Guy Ritchie . She has been involved with Malawi for several years and made a documentary , "  I Am Because We Are , " to highlight poverty , AIDS and other diseases devastating children in that country . She also co-founded a nonprofit , Raising Malawi , which provides programs to help the needy .	Madonna is appealing a Malawian judge 's rejection of her adoption petition The pop star did not meet residency requirement for adoption , judge says Critics say Madonna tried to use fame to circumvent adoption process Madonna has a son she adopted from Malawi
Atlanta  CNN  -- Monday through Saturday John Harris holds court at the Silver Moon Barber Shop on Auburn Avenue . There , amid the whirring fans and TV soaps , he greets clients , many he 's known for decades . Cutting hair is a family trade , one he took up after serving in the Army . It puts food on the table , he says , but more important , it affords Harris the opportunity to visit with people . In between clients , he sits reading the paper , looking up to share words with passers-by . Silver Moon opened in 1904 . It was one among many businesses run by African-Americans , for African-Americans , along Auburn Avenue . During the period of segregation this street was called the "  richest Negro street in the world . " The street existed because of the bleak realities of segregation , but in those days the corridor had a vibrant feel . "  This was a street full of people on Friday and Saturday nights . If you were in a car it would take you perhaps 15 or 20 minutes to go a block , " recalls Wellington Cox Howard , a small-business owner on Auburn Avenue . When Howard first arrived in Atlanta in the 1960s he made a beeline for the street . He had his first meal on Auburn , resided on the street , and when he graduated from college in 1970s , he decided to open his insurance business there . But by that time , change had already arrived on Auburn . Howard recalls telling a friend about his decision to open up shop there . "  He said why do you want to go to Auburn Avenue ? He said the city has integrated . He said we 've all left . " Before integration , Howard says , Auburn was a city unto itself . African-Americans would come here for doctor 's appointments , they 'd come for entertainment , they 'd come for banking and to start large construction projects . When integration came , African-American businesses spread throughout the city and the corridor lost much of its vibrancy . This year , for the second time , the Sweet Auburn District was listed as endangered by the National Trust for Historic Preservation , a private nonprofit organization . This designation does not mean automatic funding for improvements , but the group says the attention often galvanizes efforts at preservation . Sweet Auburn 's designation is somewhat unusual , because sites normally are n't listed more than once . Since the initial designation , residential options have improved on the corridor , the group said , but "  the commercial area concentrated on Auburn Avenue has not fared as well . " The concern is that without greater resources devoted to planning and preservation , many buildings could be lost along with the history they hold . Along the corridor , news of the designation passed with mostly tepid curiosity . About a half-dozen local business owners CNN spoke to expressed surprise about the news but remained hopeful . Many spoke about recent positive changes they 've seen , like a streetcar project that 's breaking ground with federal funds , and wondered whether the designation might spur more positive changes . Councilman Kwanza Hall , who represents this district , has taken the news quite seriously . Hall , whose parents were civil rights leaders , spent many days on Auburn as a child . "  There 's a very rich treasure in terms of African-American history , " Hall said , rattling off a long list of buildings and their historical significance . For Hall the endangered designation necessitates a big response . He calls it a "  Marshall Plan " : a concept to revitalize the community by bringing all the disparate interests on board . But Hall is not na  ve . "  It 's not easy to move multiple entities , all who have their own boards and organizational goals that are sometimes in conflict , " he said . Hall is well aware that for historic preservation to get buy-in from existing landowners , there must be a clear incentive for everyone . Up and down the street that message is well-received . Owners of new and old businesses alike stressed the need to respect history but not to let it get in the way of progress . Windsor Jones , who owns Sweet Auburn Bread Co. with his mother , said they 'd moved to the street five years ago because of the history . The bakery routinely gets tourists wandering down from the Martin Luther King Jr. . Center , a major point of pride for the business that turns out muffins and sweet potato cheesecake . Also nearby are the home were King was born and Ebenezer Baptist Church , where he was pastor . Still , doing business on this street has drawbacks . Jones shoos away a woman asking for change as he squints out the window looking at the ruins of a building across the street . "  They 've already torn down some buildings , " he says , "  and I understand why they want to save some , but some of them are eyesores . " Around the corner from Jones 's bakery , a lush green garden provides a vivid picture of how the legacy of this corridor can live on even with radical change . Rashid Nuri and Eugene Cooke run the space here known as Wheat Street Gardens , and turn out beautiful organic produce . The small but productive farm bustles with activity . There 's a summer camp here and the garden just got funding from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to train urban farmers . Cooke pauses from a lesson in harvesting to explain how their work fits in with the area 's history . "  Every human definitely deserves to eat good food , so it is absolutely in that lineage of human rights issues , " he says . This view is reinforced by the landscape . Beyond the rows of peppers and sunflowers , historic buildings peek out , buildings that keep Cooke focused on his mission of spreading social justice through good food . Despite the visible challenges on this street -- the empty storefronts and a handful of rundown buildings -- Hall says he thinks this is actually a good time for Auburn . It 's a view shared by many who work on the street every day . Right now , federal dollars are flowing in for the streetcar project , and many see the future for this street with the neighboring Georgia State University continuing to expand its downtown footprint . Hall says now is the time to move forward with new projects while keeping alive the memories of this street 's role during segregation , and its famous residents ' roles in ending it . Mary Alex Romero and Caleigh Derreberry and CNN 's Gavin Godfrey and Jon Binder contributed to this report .	Auburn Avenue in Atlanta is a historic African-American business and cultural hub The area bustled with activity during segregation but has fallen on hard times since The National Trust for Historic Preservation has designated the area ` endangered ' twice Stakeholders want business and residential growth to preserve Auburn 's history
CNN  -- Neil Harbisson is the world 's first legally recognized cyborg . He has an antenna implanted into his skull that gives him access to something he was born without : the ability to perceive color . In a world where technology is overwhelming our mental focus and social lives , Harbisson , 32 , has a closer relationship with technology than even the most avid smartphone user . As a child growing up in a coastal town in Catalonia , Spain , Harbisson was diagnosed with achromatopsia , complete color-blindness . In 2004 , he decided to find a way out of his black-and-white world , by developing a technology that would provide him with a sensory experience that no other human had ever experienced . The idea came while studying experimental music composition at Dartington College of Arts in Devon , England . For his final project , Harbisson and the computer scientist Adam Montandon developed the first incarnation of what they called the "  eyeborg . " The apparatus was an antenna attached to a five-kilogram computer and a pair of headphones . The webcam at the end of the antenna translated each color into 360 different sound waves that Harbisson could listen to through headphones . Although it sounds like a form of induced synaesthesia , a neurological condition that makes people see or even taste colors , Harbisson 's new condition is different , and requires a completely new name : sonochromatopsia , an extra sense that connects colors with sound . Unlike synaestehsia , which can vary wildly from person to person , sonochromatopsia makes each color correspond to a specific sound . It took about five weeks to get over the headaches from the sounds of each new color and about five months to be able to decipher each frequency as a particular color he could now hear as a sound . In the years after he began wearing the eyeborg , Harbisson went from complete color-blindness to the ability to decipher colors like red , green and blue . He could even detect colors like infrared and ultraviolet , which are outside of the spectrum of human vision . Going to a supermarket became like a visit to a nightclub . His daily choice of clothes began to reflect the scale of music tones that matched his emotional state , the way that some people match a top and pants . When he was in a good mood , Harbisson would dress in a chord like c-major , colors whose sound frequencies correspond to pink , yellow and blue ; if he was in a sad mood , he would dress in turquoise , purple and orange , colors linked to b-minor . His concept of race also changed : he soon discovered that skin color , for him , was not actually black-and-white : "  I thought black people were black , but they 're not . They 're very very dark orange and people who say they 're white are very very light orange , " Harbisson explains . The next step was to find a way to make the antenna less bulky . He began by reducing the weight of the computer to one kilo and strapping it inside his clothes . Then the computer 's software was downsized into a chip installed under his skin . And this past December , Harbisson had the antenna installed directly into his skull . Finding a doctor to do the operation was not easy . He presented his case to plastic surgeons , and then to over a dozen physicians . Each one turned him down . He finally found one who agreed to do it if his identity remained confidential . It took months for the bone and the antenna to fuse , but Harbisson says he achieved exactly what he wanted . "  I do n't feel any weight , I do n't feel any pressure , " he says , grasping the slender neck of the antenna . "  It just feels like touching an extension of my body . It feels like a new body part like a nose or a finger . " Cyborgism , of which Harbisson is one of the foremost pioneers , is a slowly growing trend . The development of Google Glass has brought more attention to the concept of wearing technology for extended periods of time . Magnetic implants that allow individuals to feel the attraction of magnetic fields , like microwaves or power cord transformers , have become a popular piece of equipment among self-described "  bio-hackers . " And more recently , a Canadian filmmaker developed and implanted his own kind of eyeborg , a prosthetic eye embedded with a video camera . But Harbisson says he holds the distinction of being the first cyborg to be legally recognized by a government : the photo on his UK passport shows him wearing his device , effectively sanctioning it as part of his face . He thinks the movement needs more momentum : "  I thought that after a few years this would be really mainstream , that many people would start extending their senses , but it 's still not the case . " For that he blames societal pressure , pointing to an anti-cyborg organization called "  Stop the Cyborgs " that specifically targets those who use wearable technology like Google Glass or the Narrative Clip , an automatic , wearable camera that captures your life . "  People are afraid of the unknown . They tend to exaggerate or be very negative about the possible consequences of what is new to them . " For Harbisson , physically acclimating to the technology was the easy part . Acceptance from others has been the real challenge . He frequently compares the obstacles he faces on a daily basis to what transsexuals and transvestites experienced half a century ago . In an effort to address some of these issues , Harbisson co-founded the Cyborg Foundation in 2010 with his childhood friend Moon Ribas . He asserts he 's not doing anything unnatural : "  Hearing through bone conduction is something that dolphins do , an antenna is something that many insects have , and knowing where North is is something that sharks can also detect . These senses are very natural , they already exist but we can now apply them to humans . " One way in which the foundation is trying to show people what it 's like to be a cyborg is through the Eyeborg app for Android , which translates colors into the sound frequencies that Harbisson hears . He sees the app as a first step toward introducing people to the cyborg experience : "  We all have a mobile phone and we all use technology constantly , so this has become normal . It will also become normal to have tech inside our bodies or have it implanted . I think it just needs time . " Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Stealing from nature : Incredible new tech inspired by biology Forget wearable tech , embeddable implants are already here This ` Star Trek ' - style molecular sensor fits in your hand , reads your food	Neil Harbisson is the world 's first legally recognized cyborg The 32-year-old was born with an illness that makes him completely colorblind He has a device implanted in his skull which translates color into sound But not everyone is ready to accept the rise of the cyborg ...
CNN  -- These quirky museums , theme parks and circus acts feed our collective cat obsession . Stephanie Harwin , who writes the cat-obsessed blog Catsparella , will go to great lengths to get her feline fix . On her quest to fulfill a lifelong dream , visiting Japan 's Hello Kitty theme park , Harwin endured a bout of severe food poisoning , a language barrier and a long journey to reach her happy place . Japan is the ultimate travel destination for cat enthusiasts and Hello Kitty is just the beginning . Tokyo has become famous for its cat cafs , where you can hang out with the furry creatures , and each February brings the celebration of "  Nyan Nyan Nyan Day "  a name inspired by the sound cats make  . Meet Grumpy Cat While the Japanese have the highest per capita cat ownership in the world , there are people crazy for cats everywhere . London 's Zoological Society even created a global cat map that allows you to plot the location of your own pet and upload its photo . All this cat love has resulted in some strangely charming places where travelers can stop to pay tribute . These vacation ideas are the cat 's meow . Cat Cafs , Tokyo Japan 's obsession with all things feline is well documented . After all , this is the homeland of YouTube star Maru , a Scottish fold whose antics have amassed more than 200 million views . Tokyo itself counts more than a hundred "  neko " or cat cafs , where patrons come to sip lattes and socialize with numerous cats , who lounge around on chairs , sofas , baskets and occasionally the laps of their human fans . Some of the more popular : Shimokitazawa 's Cateriam , Nekobukuro in Ikebukuro , Curl Up Caf in Haramachi , and Nyafe Melange . There 's even a handy map to locate them . Festival of the Cats , Ypres , Belgium The Kattenstoet  Festival of the Cats  is held every three years on the second Sunday of May ; the next is scheduled for 2015 . It celebrates the noble feline with a street parade of floats , music , stilt walkers and costumed townsfolk , many of whom dress as cats , witches or mice . The festival culminates with a performance in which a jester tosses children 's toy cats from the Cloth Hall belfry down to the crowd -- a tradition that harks back to the harsh Middle Ages practice of throwing actual cats from the belfry in the spring .  Not to worry : no kitties are harmed in the modern reenactments . Travel + Leisure : Coolest vacations for dog lovers Ernest Hemingway Home and Museum , Key West , Florida Cat fanatics who are also Hemingway fans will find nirvana at the writer 's former Key West home . The grand , plantation-style limestone house is the domain of around 50 cats descended from Papa 's original Maine coon , Snowball , who was given to him by a ship 's captain . The cats are polydactyl  six-toed  , which lends them their distinctive appearance -- some say it looks like the cats are wearing mittens . Hemingway named many of his cats after famous people , and the estate carries on the tradition today ; look for Lionel Barrymore and Hairy Truman . Moscow Cats Theatre This second-generation Russian theater , founded by Yuri Kuklachev and his son Dmitri in 1990 , performs in Moscow when the troupe -- which includes around 120 cats -- is n't touring the world . Shows feature a revolving series of madcap acts with names like Catnappers , Cat Clowns and Love , and Cats from the Universe . Expect to see the Kuklachevs ' furry stars performing stunts : walking a tightrope , teetering on a rocking horse and posing on top of a mirror ball . Kuching Cat Museum , Malaysia Cats are considered lucky in Malaysia , as in many Asian cultures , and the Kuching Cat Museum in Sarawak pays respectful , if slightly wacky , homage to these fortune-bestowing felines . For starters , you enter the UFO-style building through a giant cat face . Inside await exhibitions , artifacts , artworks and ephemera dedicated to cats . The pice de rsistance : a 1,000-year-old mummified Egyptian kitty . The museum is on a hill , with great views of the city of Kuching , which translates as "  cat city . " Travel + Leisure : Outrageous hotel perks for pets The Supreme Cat Show , Birmingham , UK At the UK 's largest and most prestigious cat show , held each November at the National Exhibition Centre near Birmingham , you can watch cats relax in their pens and be judged in the ring , and browse for every cat product imaginable at an array of stands . Each cat gets a large double pen , decorated by its owner with brightly colored drapes or more creative trappings based on a given theme . In 2012 , it was "  Diamonds are forever . " Torre Argentina Cat Sanctuary , Rome The mission of this sanctuary is to "  work together to raise the quality of life of Rome 's abandoned cats " -- and it welcomes volunteers . Expect to perform duties such as cleaning cages and distributing food to some of the 300-odd cat residents ; if you 're living in Rome you can volunteer as a "  foster parent " for young kittens in your own home . The site , which contains ancient ruins , has a glamorous pedigree : while filming at the nearby Teatro Argentina , Italian actress Anna Magnani famously spent her breaks here feeding the cats . Dominique and His Flying House Cats , Key West , Florida Dominique LeFort is one of the more idiosyncratic locals -- and in Margaritaville , that 's really saying something . The performer and his troupe of trained house cats entertain regularly at Sunset Celebration , a nightly arts festival at Mallory Square Dock . The shaggy-haired Frenchman ushers his nonchalant cats across tightropes and through flaming hoops , all while keeping up a madcap banter with the audience  including his catchphrase , "  Clap , clap , clap ! "  , a shtick that has earned the act a cult following . Travel + Leisure : World 's Strangest statues Poezenboot , Amsterdam , the Netherlands Cats and water do n't usually mix well , yet this floating cat sanctuary on Amsterdam 's Herengracht canal has proven a grand success . Founded in 1966 by a local legend named Henriette van Weelde -- who took in stray cats and eventually moved them onto a houseboat in the canal -- the floating barge has become a tourist attraction , drawing cat lovers and the curious alike . Visitors can volunteer , donate or adopt . Hello Kitty theme park , Tokyo A pilgrimage to Tokyo 's Hello Kitty theme park , known officially as Sanrio Puroland , is a must for fans of the cult cat character  a Japanese white bobtail  . The park attracts 1.5 million annual visitors of all ages , who come from far and wide to watch Hello Kitty-themed musicals , take a spin on cat-tastic rides and visit Hello Kitty 's house , which features portraits of the famous cat 's family and a bathtub shaped like her face . There 's also a boat ride in which another Sanrio character , Cinnamoroll , leads visitors on a trip to Hello Kitty 's party . See More Places for Cat Lovers at Travel + Leisure . Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Cat fans who love Hemingway should visit his Key West home Head to Tokyo to play with real cats at cat cafes or visit the city 's Hello Kitty theme park A floating cat sanctuary in Amsterdam welcomes visitors and potential cat parents
CNN  -- U.S. military aircraft and a Coast Guard cutter Saturday searched a large swath of sea for a catamaran and five American sailors that went missing between Guam and the Philippines . The 38-foot Pineapple was last seen January 6 in Guam harbor , officials said . The crew was making the 1,400 mile  2,250-km  journey to the island of Cebu to deliver the vessel , Coast Guard officials said . The crew is experienced and well-provisioned , but the craft has no long-range emergency communications equipment and faced challenging winds during part of the journey , officials said . The four unidentified men and one woman are friends and have taken sailing classes , said Coast Guard Lt. Gregg Maye , command center supervisor in Guam for search and rescue . "  The experience level gave us confidence , " Maye said of the crew . "  The master has made voyages like this before , " he said of the captain of the vessel , which has a white hull and white sails . U.S. forces are searching 60,000 square miles of the Philippine Sea , and the Philippine coast guard is searching its islands , Maye told CNN . Two Coast Guard C-130 Hercules aircraft , a Navy P-3 Orion , a U.S. Navy H-60 Seahawk helicopter , an Air Force C-12 aircraft and the cutter Sequoia are leading the search effort . The Republic of Palau and the Federated States of Micronesia have allowed the United States to use their airfields , the Coast Guard said in a statement . The Pineapple 's crew was expected to arrive at the central island of Cebu around January 16 . "  They were well-stocked , " Maye said . "  They took plenty of water and provisions . " And people who have been on the sailboat said it was in good condition and seaworthy . Winds and currents were mostly favorable , but the 30-knot winds on part of the journey are troubling . "  Rigging and sails can get fouled . That 's why we are concerned , " the lieutenant said . Officials do n't believe the double-hulled vessel carried a satellite phone or distress radio beacon , Maye said . The crew has a hand-held radio with a range of a few miles . The captain apparently told someone the trip would take seven to 10 days , but it can take longer , Maye said . "  We would have expected for them to make the journey in two weeks . " On Tuesday , a relative contacted authorities , who began an investigation . And on Wednesday , the Coast Guard requested the use of the C-130s , which had to be flown from Hawaii , refueled and prepared for the aerial search , which began Saturday morning . One is being flown from Guam , the other from the island of Yap . The Coast Guard is using current and vessel drift models to determine the "  optimal search area , " Maye said . Broadcasts to commercial vessels have not yielded any sightings , the Coast Guard said . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	The Pineapple left Guam on January 6 for the Philippines It is six days overdue Five Americans are on the vessel
CNN  -- The vigilantes came to violence-torn towns with a simple pitch : Join us and fight back before the cartel kills you . For some in the western state of Michoacan , long a flashpoint in Mexico 's drug war , it was an offer they could n't refuse . They toted guns and called themselves self-defense groups as they patrolled the streets , claiming they were forced to fight the Knights Templar cartel themselves because the state had failed to protect them . They took over several communities and sent a clear message to cartel members and authorities : Keep out . But this week , the Mexican government stepped in , sending federal forces to the region and ordering the vigilante groups to lay down their weapons . The smoldering situation has become a major problem for President Enrique Pea Nieto 's government , which has vowed to reduce drug violence . In some areas , it has n't gone smoothly , with both sides refusing to back down in tense standoffs . Mexican soldiers clashed with self-defense group members Tuesday in the town of Antunez , killing at least one person . And even as federal troops patrolled the city of Apatzingan , tensions ran high after a pharmacy burned down in a suspected arson attack just blocks away from City Hall on Wednesday . By Thursday , Mexican authorities said they 'd gained control of 20 municipalities in the region . But a top security official said he could n't set a date guaranteeing when the state would be safe . Some vigilante groups have vowed not to hand over their guns until cartel leaders are captured . "  We want them to go rescue the towns where the people are still being massacred by organized crime , " said Estanislao Beltran , a spokesman for the self-defense groups . "  When there is peace and security in our state , we will give up our weapons . " Residents , meanwhile , told CNNMexico they 're caught in the middle of spiraling violence that shows no sign of slowing . And some observers say it 's not clear the government crackdown is working . "  Federal authorities , instead of imposing order , instead of rescuing the cities , they are more like referees , " Jose Antonio Ortega , president of the Citizens Council for Public Safety and Criminal Justice , told CNNMexico this week . "  They are watching the civil war in Michoacan . " And the situation could have consequences beyond the state 's borders , security analyst Alejandro Hope said . It 's possible , he said , that the phenomenon of vigilante groups could spread . "  It is a real risk , " he told CNN en Espaol . "  It is a scenario that should worry the people in charge of the country 's security policies . " Resident : ` We do not know who to believe ' One Michoacan resident , who asked not to be identified out of concern for his safety , said a self-defense group gave residents few options but to support them when they swooped into the town of Tancitaro , where much of the local economy depends on avocado orchards . "  The words of the self-defense groups were very clear : ` If you do not arm yourselves , you could be killed by the Knights Templar . ' This was the central point , " he recalled in an interview with CNNMexico this week . And even with an increase in government forces in the area , he said , it 's a situation that is n't likely to stop any time soon , with so many decentralized groups spread across so many parts of the region . "  We think that this is going to last for months , because there is not just one person who says , ` We are going to hand over our weapons to the Army , ' " he said . "  People are very afraid . We do not know who to believe . The self-defense groups tell us one thing , and the military tells us something else . " But in the meantime , he said , vigilantes have set up roadblocks around the town . And the town 's church bells have become a signal , he said , summoning vigilantes to stop cartel members from entering . Analyst : Problems paved the way for vigilantes Self-defense groups have also surged in parts of the neighboring state of Guerrero , where government troops have struggled to put a stop to cartel violence . "  We think the government is very timid , very slow , " Sergio Mejia , the head of an association of restaurant and business owners in Acapulco , told CNN last year . "  If there is no immediate response , it leaves us no choice but to join the fight . " Several factors in Michoacan have paved the way for vigilante groups , Hope said -- especially the nature of the primary cartel operating there , the Knights Templar . It 's a group with a great focus on territory , Hope said . "  And they tend to be much more involved in extortion , in robbery , and in different kinds of kidnapping , so they generate a lot more resistance than a traditional group dedicated to international drug trafficking , " Hope said . Today 's problems started in the state at least a decade ago , said Julio Hernandez Granados , a former Michoacan government spokesman . "  There were many years of abandonment in many communities , " he told CNN en Espaol . That allowed drug cartels to infiltrate , strengthening their grip on daily life and threatening those who did n't obey . "  These criminal organizations would not subsist if these circumstances did not exist , " Granados said . "  With many young people lacking education , lacking employment opportunities , they find the only path ... is to work for criminal groups . " Concerns groups could have a darker aim Some locals view the vigilantes as heroes . Others see them as villains and have responded to their arrival by destroying property and setting vehicles ablaze to create fiery road blockades to stop them . In the past year , Hope said , even federal officials have been "  schizophrenic " about how they approach the groups , sometimes cracking down on them and other times describing them as allies . Critics suggest the vigilante groups contain some criminals from rival gangs who are using them as a means to win more territory . Leaders of the groups have consistently denied such accusations , saying their only aim is to fight cartels and protect public safety . But Alfredo Castillo , appointed by the federal government this week to be a new commissioner heading up security in the state , offered an ominous warning Thursday . In an interview with MVS Radio , he noted that the Familia Michoacana cartel -- which eventually splintered and led to the formation of the Knights Templar -- also started out as a group that aimed to defend the state 's residents in a push to kick out the Zetas . The newly formed self-defense groups , he said , could become as ruthless as the cartels they claim to oppose . "  You can start out with a genuine purpose , " he said . "  But when you start taking control , making decisions and feeling authority ... you run the risk of reaching that point . " CNNMexico.com and CNN en Espaol 's Rey Rodriguez and Fernando del Rincon contributed to this report .	Mexico orders vigilante groups to lay down their weapons The groups say they 're protecting citizens against the Knights Templar cartel Residents say they 're caught in the middle of spiraling violence Some worry the armed vigilantes could have a darker aim
New Orleans  CNN  -- How do you balance work with motherhood and your belief in God ? I posed that question to actress Regina King , when she arrived for her Red Chair interview . "  Being honest that sometimes it 's not balanced , " she responded , her skin flawless , her muscles well-defined . She elaborated that celebrities are no different than people of other professions . They , too , have to work hard to sync schedules and determine their priorities and their beliefs . Do not put yourself in a box or even label yourself , she said . Juggling is the key to any balancing act . King took acting lessons from Todd Bridges ' mother from 9 to 14 . Betty A. Bridges ran an acting school . That coaching helped the teenaged King land a role in the TV series "  227 . " Her career continued with pivotal roles in films such as "  Jerry Maguire , " "  How Stella Got Her Groove Back , " and "  Enemy of the State . " On the small screen , she 's starred in "  24 " and "  Southland . " It was , however , the real-life role of mother that was by far , her "  a-ha " moment . "  I get emotional because my son is an amazing young man , and it took me to be a mother for me to realize how incredible of a woman she  my mother  is . You do n't know what unconditional love is . You may say you do , but if you do n't have a child , you do n't know what that is . But when you experience it , it is the most fulfilling ever . So , that is the greatest part about me . Being a mom to Ian . " My question about siblings weighed more heavily . King 's sister died from a complication from high blood pressure . King revealed that she and all of her sisters have been diagnosed with high blood pressure . King is one to seek relaxation . "  Are you from here ? " the Los Angeles native asked me . I told her I grew up in Mammoth Cave National Park in Kentucky . She marveled and wondered whether I am always as relaxed as I appeared . She concluded that I was and announced that everyone should grow up in a national park so that they can be as relaxed as me .	"  Southland 's " star Regina King says motherhood taught her unconditional love King 's been a professional actress since her teens She 's afflicted with high blood pressure , the same disease that killed her sister
CNN  -- Ozzie Guillen 's remarks on Fidel Castro may be constitutionally protected , but he has learned there is nothing shielding him from the ire of Miami 's large Cuban community . His comment to Time magazine that he loves Fidel Castro and later comment that he "  respects " him rankled the Cuban-American community in Miami , home to the baseball team Guillen manages , the Marlins . The team 's stadium is located in the area of the city known as Little Havana . The reaction by the team was swift -- a five-game suspension . Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig supported the move . "  Mr. Guillen 's remarks , which were offensive to an important part of the Miami community and others throughout the world , have no place in our game , " he said Tuesday . And the reaction by some in the Cuban-American community has been even stronger . According to local media , one anti-Castro organization , Vigilia Mambisa , called for a boycott of the Marlins and began picketing the baseball stadium Tuesday . The fallout may cost Guillen the trust of Miami fans . "  There is absolutely nothing not protected by the First Amendment that he said , " Florida International University Professor Howard M. Wasserman said . It was an example of political speech , pure and simple . But free speech can have is consequences , as Guillen is learning . "  The problem is , he 's in Miami , " Wasserman said . Miami 's Cuban community is made up of a large number of exiles who fled the Castro regime and who strongly lobby in support of the U.S. embargo against Cuba and other anti-Castro measures . Cuba 's current president is Fidel 's brother , Raul Castro . In another city , Guillen 's comments may not have been as controversial , but in Miami , there is a unique sensitivity to Castro , Wasserman said . "  I think it 's kind of silly , but it 's where he happens to be , " he said . If the government had suspended an public employee for political speech , it would be illegal , he said . But the Marlins , as a private entity , can mete out punishment as they see fit , especially when it offends a segment of their fan base . The Marlins have a need and interest to protect their market , and , in fact , are using their own free speech interest in handing down the suspension , the law professor said . Marlins fans on social media came out on both sides of the debate . Guillen apologized Tuesday in Spanish at a news conference , saying his words were misconstrued and that he finds Castro 's human rights record odious . But for Cuban and Cuban-American fans , the damage was done . Armando Salguero of the Miami Herald eloquently summed up the emotions that Guillen 's comments stirred . "  There are people in South Florida who are angry with Guillen because he struck an emotional and painful nerve . I am unapologetically one of those people because the communist dictator Guillen apparently loves broke my family , " he wrote in a column . Salguero said he would prefer to see an indefinite suspension for the manager . Other Marlins fans , even if they disagreed with Guillen 's remarks , did n't like the way the suspension was handled . Frank Ramirez , a longtime fan , said that Miami "  is the last place you want to say something like that . " Still , he drew a distinction between the ball club suspending Guillen for what he said , rather than acting in response to fan outcries . To suspend Guillen for the content of what he said -- no matter how wrongheaded -- comes across as a violation of his right to free speech , Ramirez said . But if the club instead reacted to business interests such as fear of a boycott or financial loss , then a punitive action is justified . And the action that fans clamor for , Ramirez said , might be more stringent that the five-game suspension . "  I do n't think Marlins fans will forgive him for this , " he said .	Ozzie Guillen 's comments are protected by the First Amendment But there is a fallout from his remarks about Castro In Miami , Fidel Castro is a very sensitive topic
Accused Ohio school shooter T.J. Lane was in juvenile court Tuesday for a pretrial hearing as prosecutors moved to limit the release of more information about the suspect . Seated with his attorney and positioned in front of his grandparents , Lane , 17 , wore a beige shirt and appeared to address the court politely during its ongoing deliberations over last month 's shooting at Chardon High School . He is charged with three counts of aggravated murder , two of attempted aggravated murder and one of felonious assault . Authorities released police reports and court records last week that showed Lane had a troubled childhood . When he was 15 , Lane was charged with juvenile assault for putting his uncle in a choke hold and punching him in the face , according to an incident report from the Geauga County Sheriff 's Office . His parents also had both been charged with domestic violence against each other , according to court documents . His father also served prison time for assaulting a police officer and was charged in an assault on another woman . At the time of the shooting , Lane was living with his grandparents . Prosecutors filed a motion Monday to block the media from access to other records related to Lane , CNN affiliate WOIO reported . Prosecutors argued that Lane was already under "  public scrutiny " and the release of more information "  would only magnify the situation for him and his relatives , " the affiliate reported . A probable cause hearing is scheduled for April 3 , prosecutors said . A funeral mass for 16-year-old Demetrius C. Hewlin , one of the victims , coincided with Tuesday 's proceedings .	Accused school shooter T.J. Lane headed back to court Tuesday He is accused of three counts of aggravated murder , among other charges A service for Demetrius C. Hewlin is held on Tuesday
New York  CNN  Screeds seized at the 2011 raid in which Osama bin Laden was killed outlined plans to unleash terror attacks in the U.S. heartland -- with hopes of pressuring "  300 million Americans " to demand an end to what al Qaeda called the "  unjust wars " against the Muslim world . "  Striking America at home is of the highest and top importance and is the main way to reach what we want , " one letter said . "  The impact on Americans from a strike inside America can not be compared with hitting them outside the country . " In a Brooklyn , New York , courtroom , a federal jury this week was the first to hear the contents of the letter and other documents seized during the bin Laden raid in Pakistan . The documents were read at the terrorism trial of a man named Abid Naseer , 28 , who was arrested in 2009 in Manchester , England , where he had been living on a student visa . They were penned by senior al Qaeda operatives , according to prosecutors . Brooklyn federal prosecutor Celia Cohen described Naseer to the jury as a "  key member " of a broad scheme to "  take innocent lives " during a series of alleged failed attacks at a Manchester shopping center , a newsroom in Copenhagen and the subways of New York . Naseer is not mentioned in the al Qaeda documents . "  I had no involvement in the activities mentioned in those documents , " Naseer told the jury Thursday . The release of the al Qaeda papers coincides with the arrests Wednesday of three Brooklyn men accused by the federal government of attempting to join ISIS and of fostering separate plans to kill President Barack Obama and shoot law enforcement officers . The declassified documents at times read like jihadi training manuals -- detailing operational tactics for terrorist assaults throughout the world while , at the same time , invoking the name of Allah . Written in Arabic , the documents were translated by an FBI linguist . Other letters stress the importance of strikes to not only hurt the American economy but the nation 's sense of security . "  One of the most important tasks of the organization is to carry out operations that can directly affect the security and economy of the American people as a whole , " one document said . "  Therefore , operations inside America and targeting oil overseas , especially in the countries that export it , will have the strongest and fastest impact on the people and will push them to exert pressure on the politicians . " There are references to American history , particularly the large protests generated by the huge loss of U.S. soldiers during the Vietnam War . "  We must put under direct pressure our enemy 's Operations Room , which includes the Administration in the White House , Congress , and the Pentagon , and which is used to wage the war against us , " said one letter . Another stated , "  One large operation inside America affects the security and nerves of 300 million Americans , whereas killing one thousand soldiers during eight years or more has a weak effect on their mental strain as a whole . " The 1941 attack on the naval base at Pearl Harbor occurred on an island far from the U.S. mainland , one letter noted . "  They have inherited the concept of security and the idea that no one would dare to attack them inside their home , " it said of Americans . "  Their sense of security is very sensitive with regard to military operations inside their country , and for this reason it is easy for the matter to be magnified in their eyes , causing them to become angry , to rebel against their politicians , and to mobilize to stop the reasons behind their loss of security . " A document included an oath of loyalty that al Qaeda recruits swore to bin Laden . "  I accept your allegiance on behalf of Sheikh Osama , to listen and obey , in hardship and ease , and to follow whomever Sheikh Osama assigns to be my amir on the jihad for the sake of God , for the establishment of the religion of God , and to memorise secrets of the group and to be where I am ordered to , " it said . Targets for operations included Britain and Russia . "  We had sent a number of brothers to Britain , Russia and Europe , " one document said . "  We had confidence in them . These were Russia  hitting the gas line or the US Embassy  and Britain  several targets -- the brother determines what suites him in line with what materials he can get  . " The hazards of the terror trade were noted . "  We have many brothers who had spent a long time with us and who are ready to work anywhere , " one letter said . "  Likewise , many brothers with security problems where the main deterrent is the issue of official documents . " Old and new ways to spread fear and carry out attacks were considered . "  Guide the brothers towards new methods like using the simplest things such as household knives , gas tanks , fuel , diesel and others like airplanes , trains and cars as killing tools , " said a document , under the section headed "  execution . " "  Try to benefit from the brothers with previous criminal conviction to obtain weapons , " it said . The al Qaeda papers released in the Naseer trial were found in the walled and fortified compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , where Osama bin Laden was killed in 2011 by a group of U.S. forces , including Navy SEALs . Naseer is accused of providing and conspiring to provide material support to al Qaeda and conspiracy to use a destructive device in relation to the British plot . He faces a maximum sentence of life imprisonment if convicted . Prosecutors allege that Naseer received terrorist training in Pakistan and communicated with al Qaeda about the alleged plot using coded email messages under online addresses that appeared to belong to a female . The bearded defendant , who is representing himself , took the stand this week . He told the jury the charges against him were false and that he concocted the email addresses to play pranks on friends and to meet women online . He said his emails were innocent and not coded . Naseer said he was in Britain looking for a wife , not planning an attack . He told jurors that he has "  no extremist or jihadi views " or affiliation with any terrorist network . "  I do not condone 9/11 , " he said of the September 11 , 2001 attacks on the United States . "  The events of 9/11 are not justified in the name of Islam ... I have never met Osama bin laden . " A major operation Naseer is accused of plotting was to happen on the 10th anniversary of 9/11 , prosecutors said . The operation involved a bomb on the New York subway . The plot originated with a man named Najibullah Zazi , who allegedly cooperated with Naseer and pleaded guilty to terrorism charges . Zazi was the first witness in Naseer 's trial . Naseer 's 2009 arrest in England was part of a massive sweep in connection with an alleged plot to carry out bomb attacks in Britain . He was extradited in January 2013 . A number of British intelligence agents -- disguised with makeup and wearing wigs -- testified that they tracked Naseer in 2009 as he visited a Manchester mall that was to be attacked . Another witness was an FBI official who was in Afghanistan and oversaw the trove of evidence collected in the bin Laden raid . The counterterror official , Alexander Otte , testified that he saw bin Laden 's body as it arrived at a military hangar . "  I knew who he was , " he said . "  I recognized him immediately . " CNN 's Laura Ly and Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	Federal jury in Brooklyn is first to hear about the contents of evidence from bin Laden raid Al Qaeda documents outlined plans to unleash terror attacks in the heart of the U.S.
CNN  Fifteen buffalo were shot and killed on Friday after a day on the loose in upstate New York . The chase , which took farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions through forests and over the Hudson River , ended with "  snipers " from the animals ' farm gunning down the buffalo from the side of the road , according to Lt. Thomas Heffernan of the Bethlehem Police Department . "  It was turning into the wild , wild , West , " Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple told reporters on Friday . "  It was time to put an end to it . " Heffernan described the hectic last moments of the chase : "  They were setting up a perimeter around the animals in the secluded area , they got spooked and they charged through our guys , " Heffernan said . The herd then stampeded across the interstate highway , breaking through a wire fence . "  Once they crossed over the freeway , that really escalated it , " Heffernan said . "  There was no choice ; the animals had to be destroyed . " The bull of the heard weighed over 1,300 pounds and a collision with a car could easily have been fatal , Heffernan said . New York State Police helicopters were called in and nearby school districts were alerted to keep all students inside , Heffernan said . Four men from GEM Farms in Schodack , New York , from where the buffalo escaped , were on the scene by a ravine in Coeymans , New York , to kill the animals , a decision Heffernan said was n't made lightly , but that was necessary . George Mesick , the 87-year-old owner of the farm , sat in the car listening to the radio as his buffalo were shot . "  Very sad , " Mesick said . "  I 'm just so glad that they got them before somebody got hurt . " Twenty-two buffalo escaped from the farm on Thursday -- half the farm 's stock -- including six that were shot Thursday night in Rensselaer County , Mesick said . One buffalo calf was found dead on a road , hit , and not reported , by a driver , Mesick said . Mesick has been raising buffalo for their meat since 1973 , he said , with no escape like this before . "  They love to roam , " he said . "  They love to get in the big field and go like a son of a gun and that 's what they did yesterday . " The last buffalo were shot 20 miles from the farm , he said . The herd broke through three strands of high tensile barbed wire to escape the farm , and later swam across the Hudson River , according to Mesick , still surprised . "  They never even had a pond to swim across , " Mesick said . "  I still ca n't believe it . "	15 buffalo are shot on Friday after escaping the day before from a farm in Schodack , New York Police helicopters fly overhead and nearby schools put on alert in the final moments of the chase The herd breaks through three layers of barbed wire fencing and crosses the Hudson River during the escape
Chicago , Illinois  CNN  -- When I was in law school , my criminal law professor introduced us to the crime of rape by reading us a quote from Lord Chief Justice Sir Matthew Hale , a 17th-century English jurist : "  In a rape case it is the victim , not the defendant , who is on trial . " It was not merely a history lesson . I had lived it . While a student in my final year of college , at age 21 , I was raped . I have dissected that moment -- the horrifying moment that I became a "  victim " -- from every possible angle . I have poked and prodded , examined and re-examined . Regrettably , I have even suspected myself in a desperate , ultimately futile attempt to understand how I became a victim . But blaming myself was neither my idea nor my first inclination . I thought such 17th-century notions were long dead . I was wrong . People who did not even know me were quick to comment or speculate on my rape . What were you wearing ? Did you scream loudly ? Did this occur in public ? ` Legitimate rape ' reaction , from the Congo to black crickets As my history lesson said , I found myself on trial , facing the most fierce judge and jury : ignorance . Eight years after my rape , I find myself on trial against ignorance again . Rep. Todd Akin 's recent comments that "  legitimate rape " rarely results in pregnancy not only flout scientific fact but , for me , cut deeper . Akin has de-legitimized my rape . You see , nine months after my rape , I gave birth to a beautiful little girl . You could say she was conceived in rape ; she was . But she is also so much more than her beginnings . I blissfully believed that after I finally had decided to give birth to and to raise my daughter , life would be all roses and endless days at the playground . I was wrong again . It would not be long before I would learn firsthand that in the vast majority of states -- 31 -- men who father through rape are able to assert the same custody and visitation rights to their children that other fathers enjoy . When no law prohibits a rapist from exercising these rights , a woman may feel forced to bargain away her legal rights to a criminal trial in exchange for the rapist dropping the bid to have access to her child . Opinion : Wake up , it 's not just Akin When faced with the choice between a lifetime tethered to her rapist or meaningful legal redress , the answer may be easy , but it is not painless . For the sake of her child , the woman will sacrifice her need to see her once immensely powerful perpetrator humbled by the court . I know it because I lived it . I went to law school to learn how to stop it . Having fought this injustice for the past several years , I have come to believe that ignorance is to blame for this legal absence . Opponents argue no woman would ever choose to raise the child she conceived through rape . The only two studies to analyze the choices made by pregnant raped women indicate otherwise -- at least 30 % of women who conceive by rape make this choice . Others argue that no rapist would ever seek parental rights . Not only does my experience and that of others I know prove otherwise , but it is not surprising that a man who cruelly degrades a woman would also seek to torture her in an even more agonizing way , by seeking access to her child . Today , it seems we may face a new and unbelievable challenge : convincing legislators that women can conceive when they are raped . iReport : ` Rape is rape ' Make no mistake , my efforts and the efforts of others to persuade legislators to pass laws restricting the parental rights of men who father through rape will be directly impacted by Akin 's recent comments . Whether these efforts will be helped or hurt , however , depends upon us as a society . Either we will fight ignorance and take steps to legislate for raped women based upon reason and facts , or we will be led by ignorance and continue to make bad laws . Or fail to make good ones . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shauna Prewitt .	Shauna Prewitt had a baby conceived in a rape and faced another unexpected ordeal Prewitt found the majority of states give parental rights to men who father through rape She became a lawyer to fight this practice and encourage states to make this illegal She says many women who are raped become pregnant and give birth
A New York judge Tuesday rejected claims by former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn that a civil lawsuit against him should be dismissed because he was protected by diplomatic immunity . Bronx Supreme Court Justice Douglas McKeon denied a motion by Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers to dismiss the lawsuit , which was filed by a hotel maid who accused him of sexual assault last year . A lawyer for the maid , Nafissatou Diallo , said his client was pleased with the decision . "  We are extremely pleased with Judge McKeon 's well-reasoned and articulate decision recognizing that Strauss-Kahn is not entitled to immunity , " said attorney Douglas H. Wigdor . "  We have said all along that Strauss-Kahn 's desperate plea for immunity was a tactic designed to delay these proceedings and we now look forward to holding him accountable for the brutal sexual assault that he committed . " Strauss-Kahn headed the IMF , an international organization of 187 member-states with headquarters in Washington . The IMF provides loans to countries that are suffering economic difficulties . He resigned his position soon after his arrest by New York police in May 2011 , when he was charged with criminally assaulting a housekeeper in a Manhattan hotel suite . Diallo accused Strauss-Kahn of raping her when she entered his suite to clean it . Police subsequently removed him from an Air France flight that was about to depart New York 's Kennedy Airport and jailed him before his arraignment in criminal court . Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys later said a consensual sexual encounter did take place with the maid but there was no force involved . The arrest of such a high-profile international political figure who was preparing a presidential run in his native France sparked worldwide media interest . But the criminal case against Strauss-Kahn was later dropped by New York prosecutors , because of credibility issues they cited in Diallo 's account . "  At the end of the day , they did something very courageous by dismissing the case , " one of his lawyers , Benjamin Brafman , told CNN 's Piers Morgan Monday night . "  It took a lot of guts to do that . It was the right decision . That case was fed by a media frenzy unlike any I 've seen . " In August , Diallo 's lawyers served Strauss-Kahn with a civil suit seeking damages stemming from the alleged assault in the hotel . Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers did not invoke his immunity from prosecution during the criminal case . Wigdor ridiculed the fact that they would invoke it in the civil case , but not the criminal case , as "  piecemeal immunity . " But Strauss-Kahn attorney Amit Mehta countered that his client was eager to assert his innocence in the criminal proceedings , so he did n't invoke whatever immunity he enjoyed as IMF chief . In his decision , the judge wrote that "  Mr. Strauss-Kahn can not eschew immunity in an effort to clear his name only to embrace it now in an effort to deny Ms. Diallo the opportunity to clear hers . " In the months following Diallo 's accusation last year , other allegations surfaced . Anne Mansouret , a Socialist member of the French parliament , said Strauss-Kahn had attacked her daughter . A complaint was filed , alleging a 2002 attack , though it could not be pursued because the statute of limitations had expired . Currently , Strauss-Kahn faces another legal battle -- this time centering on an investigation into a high-profile prostitution network operating out of luxury hotels in the French city of Lille . Strauss-Kahn has been formally warned by French authorities that he is under investigation for "  aggravated pimping , " and has been released on 100,000-euro bail . He has pushed back against the accusations , saying he did not know young women at parties he attended were being paid for sex .	A motion to dismiss the case was denied Dominique Strauss-Kahn was head of the International Money Fund Criminal charges that he assaulted a New York hotel housekeeper were dropped But the housekeeper filed a civil suit
CNN  -- Soccer star Lionel Messi must appear in court on September 17 to face possible charges of tax fraud , prosecutors in Spain said Thursday . The four-time world player of the year and his father Jorge Horacio Messi are suspected of defrauding Spanish tax authorities of more than $ 5 million between 2006 and 2009 . They deny the charges . A judge will decide after the hearing whether to go ahead with the case , which is being held in a town near Barcelona -- where Messi has lived since moving from his native Argentina as a teenager . Messi , who turns 26 next Monday , is 10th on the list of the world 's highest-paid athletes as compiled by business magazine Forbes with earnings of $ 41 million . According to the papers filed on June 12 by prosecutor Raquel Amado in Gava , a seaside resort close to Barcelona where Messi lives , it is alleged that they tried to avoid paying taxes in Spain by selling the player 's image rights through overseas companies . His club Barcelona said it was not involved , as the image rights payments are independent of the reported $ 20 million yearly salary he receives from the Spanish champion team . Messi used his Facebook website page to deny the charges earlier this month . "  We have just known through the media about the claim filed by the Spanish tax authorities , " read the statement in Spanish and English . "  We are surprised about the news , because we have never committed any infringement . "  We have always fulfilled all our tax obligations , following the advice of our tax consultants , who will take care of clarifying this situation . " Messi joined Barcelona as a 13-year-old in 2000 , and has won six Primera Liga titles , three European Champions League crowns . Last year he scored an unprecedented 86 goals for club and country . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	Spanish court rules that Lionel Messi and his father must testify in tax case The Barcelona soccer star denies all allegations of wrongdoing He is accused by Spanish tax authorities of handing in fraudulent returns The Argentine is said to owe $ 5 million relating to image rights revenue
CNN  -- Roger Federer is through to the final of the World Tennis Tournament in Rotterdam after a hard fought semifinal victory over Nikolay Davydenko on Saturday . The world number three came from a set down to eventually prevail 4-6 6-3 6-4 to claim his 17th win over the Russian in 19 meetings . "  I 've played him a lot , we are the same age , " said the 30-year-old Federer , AFP reported . "  He was in the top four or five for years and we played a lot of big matches . I 'm happy to live up to expectations , he 's playing fantastic again but not enough to beat me . We had a great match , " Federer added , AFP reported . The 16-time grand slam champion will face Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro in Sunday 's final . Earlier , del Potro dispatched Tomas Berdych with ease 6-3 6-1 to book his place in Sunday 's final . 15-love : Top tennis romances The Argentine third seed ended the Czech player 's eight-game unbeaten run to record his third straight win over the world number seven . "  I 'm really happy to beat a top-10 player . I 'm getting closer to my best level again , " Del Potro said , AFP reported . "  But I still have a lot of work do to . I 'm trying to work every day . Hopefully in the future I can fight again for number one , " he added , AFP reported . Del Potro will be looking to repeat his performance at the 2009 U.S. Open final where he beat the Swiss legend in a five-set thriller . Meanwhile , second seed Andy Roddick crashed out of the SAP Open in San Jose on Friday losing to unseeded Denis Istomin from Uzbekistan in straight sets 6-2 6-4 in San Jose . The former U.S. Open champion was his usual gracious self in defeat . "  He played better than I did in every aspect . He played well . I was hoping to be able to serve my way into it . That did n't work . From there , it was tough , " Roddick said , ATPWorldTour.com reported . The reward for Istomin is a match up against number five seed Julien Benneteau from France who defeated Belgian Steve Darcis in three sets 3-6 6-1 6-2 . Canada 's Milos Raonic joins Istomin in the last four after a 7-5 7-6 win over number-six seed Kevin Anderson from South Africa . The big-serving number-three seed fired 16 aces in all in a match lasting one hour and 42 minutes . "  Obviously , my job was to take care of my serve . That 's the most important thing . If you fall behind , it 's easy for him to close out the set . It 's a straining match , but at the same time you just have to be patient , " Raonic said , ATPWorldTour.com reported . Ryan Harrison stands between Raonic and a place in the final after the American defeated Bulgarian qualifier Dimitar Kutrovsky 6-1 6-4 .	Roger Federer battles through to final of ATP Tour 500 event beating Nikolay Davydenko 4-6 6-3 6-4 Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro beats Tomas Berdych in straight sets to advance to final Victoria Azarenka through to final of Qater Open in Doha where she will face Samantha Stosur Andy Roddick knocked out of SA P Open by unseeded Uzbekistani Denis Istomin
Washington  CNN  -- Lamenting he is ringing in the new year with an old concern , Chief Justice John Roberts is again warning leaders in the other two branches of government that continuing budget shortfalls and sequestration cuts will create a "  bleak " future for the fair administration of justice in the nation 's federal courts . In his annual year-end report on the judiciary , Roberts on Tuesday said the courts have already made significant unilateral cuts in funding , adding a prolonged reduction by Congress would be extremely hard to overcome . "  I would like to choose a fresher topic , but duty calls , " said the 58-year-old chief justice . "  The budget remains the single most important issue facing the courts . " "  What would be the consequence of forgoing this -LSB- modest proposed increase in -RSB- funding in favor of a hard freeze at the sequester level ? The future would be bleak : the deep cuts to judiciary programs would remain in place . " Roberts made his remarks in a 15-page summary of U.S. courts , part of his role as head of the entire federal judiciary . The effects of the so-called sequester in the past year have been particularly hard on the third branch of government -- from civil and bankruptcy cases being delayed ; furloughs of hundreds of court staff and federal public defenders ; and reductions in courthouse security and monitoring of criminals on probation . Nationwide , the judiciary 's budget had been cut nearly $ 350 million for the fiscal year that went through September , just from the sequester . "  Emergency measures " have been imposed by the Judicial Conference , the federal court 's internal policy arm . "  In the civil and bankruptcy venues , further consequences would include commercial uncertainty , lost opportunities and unvindicated rights , " said Roberts . "  In the criminal venues , those consequences pose a genuine threat to public safety . " After cost reductions , what next ? Weeks of furloughs from sequestration and the partial government shutdown meant up to a 24 % reduction in staffing in some judicial branch offices through the fall , when Congress enacted another continuing resolution in October to restore some of the lapses in federal funding . Congressional leaders said they hoped to finish the appropriations process for fiscal year 2014 by January 15 . Roberts noted the judicial branch generally receives less attention when it comes to its spending , but said an "  aggressive " cost-containment strategy has been in place since 2004 . That includes new plans to close or downsize 31 federal court facilities across the country , to reduce work space and rent costs . But the chief justice said such discretionary internal cutbacks can only go so far , since most of the courts ' "  core functions " are constitutionally and statutorily required , including hearing all criminal , civil , and bankruptcy cases presented to them . "  In the coming weeks , and into the future , I encourage the President and Congress to be attentive to the needs of the judicial branch and avert the adverse consequences that would result from funding the judiciary below its minimal needs , " he said . While the chief justice continued his respectful tone in the face of fiscal constraints , a number of federal judges have told CNN privately in recent months of their anger and frustration -- juggling rising caseloads and responsibilities with diminishing resources . Part of that unease has to do with their lack of political clout . The federal courts only make up two-tenths of 1 % of the entire federal budget , and judges by custom stay out of partisan policy fights . But many do not like how the other two branches are handling the fiscal crisis in their sphere . Looking for a ` happy ending ' The federal court system and its administrative offices operate on an annual budget of about $ 7 billion . That includes judges trying and hearing cases and appeals , both criminal and civil ; managing pretrial , defender , and probation offices ; and maintaining the bankruptcy court system . Most of the money -- about 62 % -- goes for personnel costs . Roberts noted the courts earlier this month submitted a budget proposal to Congress that was $ 180 million less than their original plan , which he said "  strikes a fair balance " with other competing funding requests . "  It takes no imagination to see that failing to meet the judiciary 's essential requirements undermines the public 's confidence in all three branches of government , " he concluded . "  Both ' A Christmas Carol ' and ` It 's a Wonderful Life ' have happy endings . We are encouraged that the story of funding for the federal judiciary -- though perhaps not as gripping a tale -- will too . " There are 874 full-time , life-tenured federal judges , including the nine-member Supreme Court , the district and appeals courts , and the nine-member Court of International Trade -- part of a 35,000 federal court workforce nationwide . Past year-end reports from the current Chief Justice of the United States  the official title  have focused on frozen salaries , rising caseloads and court security . These summaries have been an annual tradition for about four decades . They were begun by the late Chief Justice Warren Burger as a way to speak to the executive branch and Congress , the judiciary itself , and the public at large .	Chief Justice John Roberts issues his annual report He 's not happy with federal budget for judiciary He 's worried funding wo n't meet even "  minimal " needs
CNN  -- Reality programs have long featured contestants of color in their casts . Competition shows like "  Amazing Race , " "  The Biggest Loser " and "  Dancing with the Stars " have featured diverse contestants since their inaugural seasons in 2001 , 2004 and 2005 , respectively . But while African-Americans , Asians and Latinos can be seen racing around the world , losing weight and dancing the paso doble on TV , dating shows continue to be far less inclusive . Two African-American men filed a class action lawsuit in U.S. District Court on Wednesday , accusing ABC as well as other companies involved with the production of "  The Bachelor " and "  The Bachelorette " and creator Mike Fleiss of racial discrimination . The complaint alleges that , in 16 seasons of "  The Bachelor " and seven seasons of "  The Bachelorette "  the eighth season is slated to begin airing in May  , the defendants have never featured "  a single person of color ... in the central role . " The suit also alleges that the few people of color who have been chosen to compete are often eliminated after the first few rose ceremonies . It should be noted that Cuban-born Mary Delgado won Season 6 of "  The Bachelor , " and Puerto Rican Roberto Martinez won Season 6 of "  The Bachelorette . " But even "  The Bachelor 's " short-lived competition -- like "  Average Joe , " "  For Love or Money " and "  Joe Millionaire " -- featured predominately white casts . So why does it seem like dating shows might be behind the curve when it comes to inclusion ? Nashville-based plaintiffs Nathaniel Claybrooks and Christopher Johnson assert in their complaint that : " ` Dancing with the Stars ' and ` Extreme Makeover ' only involve platonic , as opposed to romantic , relationships among the cast members . This indicates that the presence of people of color in ABC programming is acceptable so long as there is no exhibition of actual romance between non-whites or whites and people of color . " The lawsuit has helped stoke a conversation about diversity and dating shows , especially when it comes to black-white relationships . Allison Samuels , a senior writer at Newsweek/The Daily Beast , said the men who filed suit may be on to something . "  When it comes to romance and love , I just do n't think African-Americans ... are viewed as people who love or know how to love , " Samuels said . "  We 're made to be people who are not interesting or attractive ... and ca n't have that fairytale . " Young minority viewers might end up watching a show like "  The Bachelor " and thinking , ` I 'm not good enough to get on this show , but I 'm good enough to get on the show where I can beat somebody up and fight all day long , ' like "  Basketball Wives " or "  Flavor of Love , " she said . "  The Bachelor " has set the tone for how women and people of color are portrayed on every dating show -- on network TV and cable , alike , said Jennifer L. Pozner , the author of Realitybitesbackbook.com . And for a decade , " -LSB- ABC and creator Mike Fliess -RSB- have done everything they can to create an on-screen America that looks like the segregated South in the '50s , " Pozner said , adding , "  It 's as if -LSB- the network -RSB- is afraid they could lose advertisers by showing interracial dating . " Calling "  The Bachelor " "  light and fluffy entertainment , " Bradley Jacobs , a senior editor at US Weekly , said , producers are "  probably not interested in getting their hands dirty in some kind of interracial romance . " The show has always featured a bunch of "  white girls fighting over a white guy , " Jacobs said . "  That 's what the viewers , I guess , expect and what the advertisers , I guess , expect . ... A lot of people a still are against mixed-race marriages . " According to data from 2008 and published in Social Science Research last year , white women who were surveyed are more likely to approve of interracial relationships for others than themselves , while white men are more likely to personally engage in such relationships . People are increasingly becoming more accepting of interracial relationships , Samuels said . But TV does n't "  push black-on-black love , so why would -LSB- viewers -RSB- want to see black-on-white love . It 's taken a lawsuit to make people talk about this , but I 'm not perplexed . " Arturo R. Garca , the managing editor at Racialicious.com , said he is surprised "  The Bachelor 's " alleged whitewashing is just now being widely criticized . "  I 'm surprised that someone like Fleiss did n't at least see the revenue potential of expanding the cast , " Garca said . "  Why would n't you feature a successful African-American man or woman ? " Not to mention the fact that "  a meaningful multicultural dating show ... would more closely reflect modern interaction , " he added . However , Garca said , one lawsuit ca n't immediately change the dynamic of such a long-running program . "  It would take a re-engineering of the show 's thought process to make inclusiveness part of the culture of that program , " he said . "  If the plaintiffs win and you see an African-American Bachelorette , would there be a stigma associated with her ? She 's only there because the lawsuit said she had to be there . " It 's too soon to tell how the lawsuit might effect impending seasons of the dating show . But lawsuit or not , Lamar Hurd hopes to be wielding roses in the near future . The Portland-based sportscaster has been petitioning to become the first black Bachelor . This is n't the first time the issue of diversity has been raised regarding "  The Bachelor . " In March 2011 , creator Fleiss told Entertainment Weekly : "  I think Ashley -LSB- Hebert -RSB- is 1/16th Cherokee Indian , but I can not confirm . But that is my suspicion ! We really tried , but sometimes we feel guilty of tokenism . Oh , we have to wedge African-American chicks in there ! We always want to cast for ethnic diversity , it 's just that for whatever reason , they do n't come forward . I wish they would . " "  I 'll take tokenism if it 's going to get one person a job , " Samuels said , referencing Fleiss ' quote . "  The point now is that not even that one person is on there . "	A class action lawsuit accuses "  The Bachelor " and "  The Bachelorette " of racial discrimination The complaint alleges that the defendants have never featured a person of color in the central role Many inclusive reality competition shows involve platonic , as opposed to romantic , relationships
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama is planning to nominate at least three key members of his national security team at an event in Chicago , Illinois , on Monday , including Sen. Hillary Clinton as secretary of state , according to two Democratic officials . Sen. Hillary Clinton will be nominated to be Barack Obama 's secretary of state , sources say . The officials said Obama is also expected to confirm that he is keeping Defense Secretary Robert Gates in his current post and naming retired Marine Gen. Jim Jones as his national security adviser at the White House . The officials said that after much contemplation , Jones officially agreed to take the job in the past few days . All of the selections are hardly a surprise after weeks of fevered speculation . In fact , they 're such an open secret that retiring Republican Sen. John Warner , a veteran member of the Armed Services Committee , released a statement Saturday night praising all three nominees before they have been officially named at Monday 's rollout . "  The triumvirate of Gates , Clinton and Jones to lead Obama 's ` national security team ' instills great confidence at home and abroad and further strengthens the growing respect for the president-elect 's courage and ability to exercise sound judgment in selecting the ` best and the brightest ' to implement our nation 's security policies , " Warner said .	President-elect to name key members of security team , Democratic officials say Obama to keep Robert Gates as defense secretary , sources say Retired Gen. Jim Jones to be named national security adviser
CNN  -- North Carolina is so important to the re-election chances of Barack Obama that he picked Charlotte as the host city for the Democratic nominating convention . On May 8 , all his careful plans came crashing down when 61 % of voters in a North Carolina referendum adopted a constitutional amendment defining marriage as the union of one man and one woman . Pre-election polls showed that a majority of Democratic voters supported this amendment , as did independents and an overwhelming majority of African-Americans and Republicans . Before the N.C. vote , Obama publicly opposed Amendment One , and gay activists used this in an attempt to rally Democrats and independents , and especially African-Americans , to oppose the measure . This failed miserably , and when polls started to predict Amendment One would pass , Obama canceled an Election Day trip to the state . Then Vice President Joe Biden popped off that he saw no problem with same-sex marriage . Finally , a day after the North Carolina vote , Obama admitted what had been obvious for a long time -- he supports redefining marriage . Obama 's embrace of same-sex marriage will help ensure he becomes a one-term president , and his political demise will begin with North Carolina . Despite what many in the media claim , the American people do not support same-sex marriage . They sure as heck do n't in North Carolina , where voters made it clear they want to prevent activist judges and politicians like Obama from redefining marriage . The National Organization for Marriage , which I head , helped lead the North Carolina campaign . Our victory for marriage was so impressive that the prominent Democratic Public Policy Polling firm sent out this Twitter missive as the results came in : "  Hate to say it , but I do n't believe polls showing majority support for gay marriage nationally . Any time there 's a vote , it does n't back it up . " Support for traditional marriage in North Carolina and across the nation is heavily rooted in the faith traditions of voters . In 2008 , candidate Obama acknowledged that as a Christian , "  God 's in the mix " when it comes to understanding the definition of marriage . Where is God now in his political calculation ? It seems he 's decided to ignore what the creator says about marriage and base his flip-flop on generalities about the "  Golden Rule . " Regardless , endorsing gay marriage is n't going to fly in North Carolina , and it is n't going to fly in any of the other swing states that have marriage amendments on the books -- including Ohio , Virginia , Florida , Colorado and Nevada -- all adopted by voters . Obama is now claiming that he supports the "  concept " of states deciding the marriage issue themselves . His administration has agreed to enforce the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act , which is the legal framework that allows a state to control its own definition of marriage and avoid having to recognize same-sex marriages performed elsewhere . But the White House has refused to defend the law in federal court . If Obama gets his way and DOMA is overturned , it 's only a matter of time before marriage is redefined for the entire country . Now he has signed up as an official cheerleader for that outcome . As if that was n't enough , same-sex marriage radicals will descend on Charlotte and demand that the cause become a central plank of the Democratic Party platform . Nancy Pelosi is already enthusiastic about the prospect . The president has tied his presidency to a cause that has never been successful with voters -- not in a single state -- not at any time . Not in blue states such as California and certainly not in swing states such as North Carolina . What Obama has just succeeded in doing is to give an incredibly powerful reason to hundreds of thousands of social conservatives , and especially evangelicals , across America to rally behind Mitt Romney if they want to preserve marriage -- and they most decidedly do want to preserve marriage . The people of faith in America know that the future of marriage is on the line , and as has been proved in 32 votes across this nation , they will not fail the cause of marriage . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brian Brown .	North Carolina voted to define marriage as the union of one man and one woman Brian Brown : Obama 's stance on same-sex marriage will make sure he is a one-term president Obama has taken on a cause that has never been supported in a state referendum , he says Brown : The president 's stance gives hundreds of thousands a reason to vote for Romney
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Police made a string of arrests across Europe Tuesday , detaining 20 people suspected of involvement in the recruitment of suicide bombers , Italian police said . Eleven of the arrests were in Italy , in the northern cities of Milan , Reggio Emilia , Bergamo , and San Remo , said . Lt. Col. Sandro Sandulli , the head of the Carabinieri special forces . One was already in custody , so authorities served him with a new arrest warrant which included new charges against him , Sandulli said . Three arrests were in Britain , one in France , and one in Portugal , Sandulli said . The remaining arrests happened in European countries but Sandulli did not specify which ones . Those arrested are suspected of forming Salafi Jihad terrorist cells which were recruiting suicide bombers and sending them to Iraq and Afghanistan , said Col. Mario Parente , deputy commander of the Carabinieri special forces unit . Parente said that during the arrests , police found al Qaeda manuals for the production of explosives , detonation devices , and various poisons . He said the manuals also included details of guerrilla-style war operations . Salafi is an extreme school of Islamic thought which developed in Egypt and began to have prominence with militant groups there in the late 1960s and has since been adopted by terrorist groups in North Africa , the Middle East , and Europe , said Sajjan Gohel , director of international security at the Asia Pacific Foundation in London . "  It 's become the ideology of choice for transnational terrorism , including al Qaeda , " Gohel said . "  It 's emerging as a very dangerous ideology . " The Madrid train bombers and various terrorist cells in Italy were part of the Salafi school of thought , he added . Italian police said Tuesday 's arrests were the result of an investigation , started in 2003 , into some Salafi cells which were organized by Tunisians and Algerians . The main suspect in the operation is a Tunisian who was arrested in 2002 during a separate antiterrorism operation , police said . The main terrorist cell was based in the northern Italian region of Lombardy and involved what investigators called a "  long-term " jihadist program which provided military and ideological training . Another cell , based in Reggio Emilia , had the goal of creating a grand Islamic "  empire " stretching from Morocco to China , police said . Parente said those arrested are also accused of producing false documents , facilitating illegal immigration , and covering up other individuals wanted for terrorism-related crimes . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Flavia Taggiasco in Rome contributed to this report	Police say 20 suspected of involvement in the recruiting suicide bombers held Arrests were in Italy and across other European countries , police say Those held are accused of recruiting bombers to go to Iraq and Afghanistan 11 people were held in Italy and nine others across Europe
CNN  -- Legendary fiddle player Charlie Daniels got a new instrument Thursday -- a pacemaker to help his heart keep the beat . Daniels , 76 , found out he needed a pacemaker "  to regulate his heart rate " after he checked into a hospital Monday to be treated for "  a mild case of pneumonia , " his publicist said Thursday . "  I just had not been feeling well and wanted to get checked out , " Daniels said . "  I am thankful the doctors found the problem and were able to implant a pacemaker to get my heart rate regulated . I am feeling so much better and looking forward to spending Easter with my family . " The surgery to implant the pacemaker happened in a Nashville area hospital Thursday morning , according to the statement from his publicist . He should be home Friday where he 'll rest for two weeks , it said . The Grand Ole Opry star , who may be best known for his 1979 hit "  The Devil Went Down to Georgia , " will continue touring , which he has done for more than four decades . Performances in New Jersey and Ohio set for next week will be rescheduled , but Daniels plans to be back on stage with his fiddle in Lynchburg , Virginia , on April 11 , the statement said .	Daniels learned he needed a pacemaker while being treated for pneumonia Monday "  I just had not been feeling well and wanted to get checked out , " Daniels says Daniels ' tour resumes April 11 after he rests at home for 2 weeks Grand Ole Opry star is best known for his 1979 hit "  The Devil Went Down to Georgia "
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's foreign ministry said Wednesday that it has lodged a "  strong " protest with the U.S. ambassador over missile attacks conducted on Pakistani soil by unmanned drones . The aftermath of a suspected U.S. drone attack on a building in North Waziristan . The ministry said it summoned Ambassador Anne Patterson to underscore that such attacks violate Pakistan 's sovereignty and should be stopped immediately . A statement from the ministry said Patterson was also told that the attacks have cost lives and undermined public support for Pakistan 's counter terrorism efforts . The ministry lodged its protests three days after a missile strike from a suspected U.S. drone on a compound in South Waziristan killed 20 people . Pakistan has repeatedly raised objections to foreign nations violating its sovereignty to pursue terrorists . A U.S. ground operation in September that left several civilians dead rankled relations between the two countries . Last week , Pakistan 's parliament passed a resolution that condemned any incursion on Pakistani soil by foreign forces . The resolution called for a review of the country 's national security strategy and said the government needs to safeguard its sovereignty and territorial integrity . The ministry said it handed Patterson a copy of the resolution . The U.S. and NATO , which have troops in Afghanistan , have been seeking a way to effectively battle militants who launch attacks from Pakistan 's swath of tribal areas along the border . They have become frustrated with Islamabad over the years , saying it is not being proactive enough against militants -- a claim Pakistan denies . The United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the capability to launch missiles from drones , which are controlled remotely . In another development , suspected Taliban militants kidnapped three government officials from an administrative office in Pakistan 's tribal region Wednesday , officials said . The militants abducted two employees and a security guard from the Ambar district in Mohmand Agency . Mohmand is in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas , where U.S. and Pakistani officials have reported a presence of militants . Earlier in the day , militants tried unsuccessfully to take control of a school in Mohmand and abduct about 100 students , authorities said . A shootout with Frontier Corps followed , in which one militant was killed and another arrested . The Frontier Corps is a paramilitary force which uses recruits from Pakistan 's tribal areas and is overseen by Pakistani army officers . Also Wednesday , a suicide car bomber detonated explosives outside a police checkpoint in northwest Pakistan , killing two security personnel , officials said . The Wednesday afternoon attack in the Bannu district of the North West Frontier Province also wounded a dozen people , military sources said . The bomber targeted a check point near a military hospital , said the sources who did not want their names revealed because they are not authorized to speak to the media . CNN 's Reza Sayah and journalist Janullah Hashimzada contributed to this report	Pakistan summons U.S. ambassador over missile attacks Missile strike from a suspected U.S. drone killed 20 people Suspected Taliban militants kidnap 3 officials from in tribal region
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Former detainees of Immigration and Customs Enforcement accuse the agency in a lawsuit of forcibly injecting them with psychotropic drugs while trying to shuttle them out of the country during their deportation . Raymond Soeoth , pictured here with his wife , says he was injected with drugs by ICE agents against his will . One of the drugs in question is the potent anti-psychotic drug Haldol , which is often used to treat schizophrenia or other mental illnesses . Doctors say they are required to see patients in person before such drugs are administered . Two immigrants , Raymond Soeoth of Indonesia and Amadou Diouf of Senegal in West Africa , told CNN they were injected with the drugs against their will . Both are plaintiffs in a class-action lawsuit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union against the government . They are seeking an end to the alleged practice and unspecified damages . Watch why the former detainees claim abuse " Dr. Paul Appelbaum , a professor of psychiatry , law and ethics at Columbia University , reviewed both men 's medical records for this report and was stunned by what he discovered . "  I 'm really shocked to find out that the government has been using physicians and using potent medications in this way , " said Appelbaum , who also serves as a member of the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law . "  That is the sort of thing that would be subject to a malpractice claim in the civilian world . " The allegations of ICE forcibly drugging deportees were raised last month by Sen. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut , during the re-nomination hearing of ICE chief Julie Myers . "  The information the committee has received from ICE regarding the forced drugging of immigration detainees is extremely troubling , particularly since it appears ICE may have violated its own detention standards , " Lieberman spokeswoman Leslie Phillips told CNN in an e-mail . "  Senator Lieberman intends to follow up with ICE to ensure that detainees are not drugged unless there is a medical reason to do so . " ACLU attorney Ahilan Arulanantham , who is representing Soeoth and Diouf , said , "  It would be torture to give a powerful anti-psychotic drug to somebody who is n't even mentally ill . ... But here , it 's happening on U.S. soil to an immigrant the government is trying to deport . " Responding to Lieberman 's written questions , Myers said 1,073 immigration detainees had "  medical escorts " for deportation since 2003 . From October last year to the end of April this year , she said 56 received psychotropic medications during the removal process . Of those , 33 detainees received medication "  because of combative behavior with the imminent risk of danger to others and/or self , " she said . "  First , I am aware of , and deeply concerned about reports that past practices may not have conformed to ICE detention standards , " Myers said . She added no detainee should be "  involuntarily medicated without court order , " except in emergency situations . But both Soeoth and Diouf say they had not exhibited any combative behavior . Soeoth , a Christian minister from Indonesia , spent 27 months in detention awaiting deportation after his bid for political asylum was rejected . Hours before he was to be sent back home on December 7 , 2004 , he says guards injected him with a mystery drug that made him groggy for two days . See the document that shows Soeoth was injected "  They pushed me on the bench , they opened my pants , and they just give me injection , " he said through broken English . He says he was taken to Los Angeles International Airport while in this drug-induced stupor , but two hours before takeoff , airline security refused to transport him , so ICE agents returned him to his cell at Terminal Island near Los Angeles . Terminal Island , once a federal prison , is a crowded facility along the ocean where hundreds of illegal immigrants await deportation . Soeoth 's medical records indicate he was injected with Cogentin and Haldol , even though those same records show he has no history of mental illness . In the records , the government says he was injected with the drug after he said he would kill himself if deported -- a remark Soeoth denies ever making . ICE said in a written statement it could n't respond to specific allegations due to pending litigation . "  Department of Homeland Security law enforcement personnel may not and do not prescribe or administer medication to detainees , " the ICE statement said . "  Only trained and qualified medical professionals , including officers of the U.S. Public Health Service , may prescribe or administer medication . " But , Diouf says , he was injected on the plane right before he was to be deported . He said he even had a federal stay of his deportation -- and the paperwork to prove it -- but his U.S. government escorts would n't let him show it to the pilot of the plane preparing to fly him out of the country . See Diouf 's stay of deportation document That 's when , he says , "  I was wrestled to the ground and injected through my clothes . " A government report says he was medicated because he did not follow orders . In both cases , Diouf and Soeoth remain in the United States pending a decision in the case . If they lose , they may land back in the hands of ICE , once again facing deportation . Soeoth says he 's traumatized by what happened . "  I know this country -LSB- is -RSB- very generous to immigrants , " he says . "  What they did to me was very , very bad . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Wayne Drash , Traci Tamura and Gregg Cane contributed to this report .	Detainees file suit against ICE , allege they were injected with drugs One detainee tells CNN : "  What they did to me was very , very bad " ICE says 1,073 detainees have had "  medical escorts " since 2003 Sen. Lieberman vows to investigate further ; spokesman calls charges "  troubling "
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- Argentine lawmakers approved an agreement with Iran that will create a five-member commission to investigate the deadly 1994 bombing of a Buenos Aires Jewish community center . The measure passed by a 131-113 vote early Thursday after more than 14 hours of debate . The 1994 attack -- the worst in Argentina 's history -- killed 85 people and injured about 300 . Iran hints at new evidence in 1994 Jewish center bombing Prosecutors in Argentina allege that Iran was behind the attack , but a criminal investigation has stalled , in part because Iran denies the charges and has not made the accused available to prosecutors . Argentina requested the arrest of several Iranians in 2007 in connection with the bombing , including the current defense minister of Iran , Ahmad Vahidi . Interpol approved so-called Red Notices for these suspects , alerting countries around the world of Buenos Aires ' desire to have them arrested . Seeking a way around the impasse , Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner drafted an agreement with Iran that would create a "  truth commission " and allow the judge and prosecutor in the criminal proceedings to interrogate the accused Iranians . The government heralded the agreement as a way to find out what happened in 1994 . But the deal had much opposition , including from Jewish groups in Argentina , because the verdict of the commission would be nonbinding . There was also a feeling of mistrust in engaging in a sensitive agreement like this with Iran , a country whose president has denied the Holocaust . "  This is a memorandum that is not clear , that is not complete and that we feel does n't bring any benefit to the cause , " Julio Schlosser , president of the Jewish umbrella organization DAIA , said before the vote . The deal does not provide a timetable for the commission to form or to hand down a judgment , or provide specifics about the interrogation of the accused Iranians , he said . The agreement already had the senate 's approval , and now becomes law . It calls for a commission of five international jurists charged with unraveling what was behind the bombing . "  I negotiated this memorandum with who I had to , not with who I wanted to , " Argentine Foreign Minister Hector Timerman said . "  At each step , I kept in mind that us Argentinians learned with lots of pain that we have to seek justice and not condemnations , to seek the truth and not vengeance . " Opposition lawmaker Pablo Tonelli expressed his disappointment with the measure , telling the state-run Telam news agency that "  Argentina will gain nothing from this investigation . The accused will remain free from the arrest warrants issued by Interpol . "	Argentina 's congress approves an agreement with Iran about a 1994 terrorist attack Argentina has blamed Iran for the Jewish community center bombing , which killed 85 people The agreement will create a truth commission to clarify the facts The measure had plenty of opposition because the verdict will be nonbinding
CNN  -- Reginald DesRoches is deploying to Haiti to tag key infrastructure buildings with red , yellow and green markers -- designations on whether they 're still usable . DesRoches has years of experience as a civil engineering expert dealing with structures in the wake of earthquakes . This disaster is also personal : He was born in Haiti and one of his uncles died in the quake 's aftermath . The associate chair of Georgia Tech 's School of Civil Engineering , DesRoches will lead a team of experts in Haiti about the sustainability of buildings . He spoke with CNN before heading to Port-au-Prince . Below is a transcript of the interview , a portion of which has been edited . CNN : What will be your task in Haiti ? DesRoches : There 's an urgent need for a group of experts in earthquake engineering , preferably French speaking , to come down and assess the critical buildings to determine whether or not they 're safe to reoccupy . Essentially , we go about tagging them : red for unsafe ; green for safe ; yellow for something in between . We were asked to do this on a number of critical infrastructure buildings , including hospitals , schools , U.N. facilities , government buildings , as well as buildings occupied by various nations ' ambassadors . Evidently , there has n't been anybody on the ground yet to do that service , so there 's a need to get somebody in there ASAP to assess as many buildings as possible . ... There 's a specific manual that 's been developed by the Applied Technology Council and the manual is geared toward the rapid assessment of buildings after earthquakes . The manual gives you guidelines based on the type of damage -- the type of cracking you have in columns and other load-bearing elements , as well as how many of them have specific levels of damage . Based on this checklist , you can then determine what category your building should be classified as . CNN : In many ways , this is the nightmare scenario . You have this quake in impoverished Haiti . Supplies are hard to get down there . In a month or two , you have the start of a rain season and following that you enter hurricane season . DesRoches : There are a number of issues there . They clearly do n't have the infrastructure to facilitate rapid recovery from this . There are a number of buildings that have collapsed and bodies are still there . It will take weeks , if not months , to recover those bodies . And like you said , the rain season is coming up . ... It 's really the worst of all cases . This is probably the one country that could not handle an event like this . I call this in some ways the perfect storm of an earthquake , given that it was large , it was very shallow , the infrastructure is extremely poor and the government was n't prepared . So I think the resulting disaster is really a combination of a number of factors working against it . CNN : Describe your own personal feelings as you head down there , as Haitian and as somebody who lost a loved one . DesRoches : I had one uncle that passed away . His was what we typically call "  secondary effect . " He was found safe following the earthquake . He had been somewhat ill with prostate cancer and he had -LSB- gone -RSB- back several times to the U.S. for treatment . ... My father spoke to him shortly after the event and he was doing fine on Wednesday . Then , it sounds like he was n't feeling very well . On Friday , I believe , he went to the hospital and clearly with all the other critical patients , they could n't really deal with him . And he died on Saturday . A lot of these things are never captured during an event like an earthquake or hurricane . We call them "  secondary effect , " where a hospital is overrun and those that are ill -- maybe not directly from the earthquake -- end up dying whereas normally they probably would not . CNN : When you first talked to him , you must have been relieved that he was alive and you must have been celebrating . DesRoches : Absolutely . Another close relative , my godmother and godfather : We 've been told through their children in the U.S. that they are safe but their home has been destroyed . CNN : What 's going through your mind as you return home ? DesRoches : I was born in Haiti . I came -LSB- to the U.S. -RSB- as a very young child . I was 1 1/2 . I spent the majority of my life in the U.S. ... But we still have a lot of family and ties to Haiti . For many years , as my capacity as a civil engineering professor , I 've always wanted to do whatever I can to help Haiti . And I see this as one opportunity to do that , given that I do earthquake engineering . I want to use this opportunity , not only to help them recover in the short term , but also rebuild Haiti so that it 's safe and sustainable . And I think this earthquake , unfortunately , provides the opportunity to start from scratch and make it a much better , more resilient place .	Civil engineering quake expert heads to Haiti to assess buildings Reginald DesRoches says the quake was "  really the worst of all cases " DesRoches is a native of Haiti ; his uncle died in the quake 's aftermath Haiti must be rebuilt "  so that it 's safe and sustainable , " he says
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Mir Hossein Moussavi , the Iranian opposition leader and symbol of anti-government fervor , lashed out against Iranian authorities on Tuesday , saying remnants of the "  tyranny " and "  dictatorship " that prevailed under the toppled Shah of Iran 's regime persist today . "  In the early years of the Islamic Revolution , most people were convinced that the structure of the revolution would destroy the past political situation of tyranny and dictatorship , and I was one of them who believed that , " said Moussavi , a former prime minister . But now , he said , he no longer believes that . "  The current political situation in Iran indicates the presence of the remaining roots of tyranny and dictatorship of the Shah , " whose regime was overthrown in 1979 and replaced by an Islamic republic led by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini . "  I do n't believe that the revolution achieved its goals , " said Moussavi , speaking out forcefully as the tensions over Iranian politics continue . The regime is marking the anniversary of the shah 's overthrow with a series of events that began this week and culminate on February 11 . Moussavi and Mehdi Karrubi , another Iranian opposition leader , have urged supporters to demonstrate . Those celebrations coincide with Iranian trials and executions of street protesters who demonstrate against the June 12 presidential election victory of incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . In the final results Ahmadinejad was declared the winner over Moussavi , a result seen by many Iranians as questionable or rigged . The initial protests broke out last summer and have persisted . In late December , at least seven people were killed and hundreds arrested , witnesses said , as they took to the streets on Ashura , a Muslim holy day which occurred on December 27 . Moussavi 's nephew was among those killed during those protests . The Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone and has blamed reformists for the violence . Police have arrested 4,000 people in the post-election crackdown . Moussavi , who made his Web site comments in a question and answer format , said an Iranian government that reflects "  dictatorship in the name of religion is the worst kind " and he added he has lost hope "  that the revolution had removed all those structures which could lead to totalitarianism and dictatorship . " "  The most evident manifestation of a continued tyrannical attitude is the abuse of parliament and judiciary . We have completely lost hope in the judiciary , " he said . "  Stifling the media , filling the prisons and brutally killing people who peacefully demand their rights in the streets indicate the roots of tyranny and dictatorship remain from the monarchist era . " The semi-official Fars news agency reported Tuesday that Iran will soon execute nine more people in connection with the country 's post-election riots . The nine are among 11 who were sentenced to death by Tehran 's Revolutionary Court last month . Iran vows to execute protesters Two were hanged last week , and a senior judiciary official was quoted as saying "  the two people who were executed as well as the other nine who will soon be executed had certainly been arrested during the recent riots . "  Each had belonged to an anti-revolutionary group , had aspired to sow dissent and to uproot the regime , " the official said . Moussavi also praised the grass-roots Green opposition movement . But he said while protesters should vent their opinions , they should follow law and not overstep legal bounds . Any law-breaking would hurt the reform movement , he said . "  The ultimate goal is to move toward an independent , free and united Iran . Women and men of all cultures , classes and ideas should have opportunities , " he said . "  The Green movement stands for human dignity , open ideas , diversity and freedom of expression . " Moussavi has n't been arrested since the protests began , but he is facing the wrath of an establishment targeting reformers like him . At the same time the regime is risking even further civil unrest if it takes him into custody . Recently , Iran 's parliament asked authorities to arrest "  the main instigators and directors " of violent anti-government protests , the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency reported Wednesday , the same day massive pro-government rallies were held in Tehran and other cities . Legislator Hassan Noroozi named three people he said "  must be arrested " -- Moussavi , Karrubi , and Fa'ezeh Hashemi , daughter of the former reformist president , Ayatollah Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani . "  They must not remain on the sidelines and be safe , " Noroozi said . "  Those who issue statements and invite people to create chaos in the streets and attack one another must be dealt with according to Islamic laws . " Pro-government crowds demonstrating in Tehran have chanted "  Death to America , " "  Death to Israel , " and "  Death to Moussavi . " Noting the pressure and threats in the highly-charged political environment , Moussavi has said on his Facebook page that he is ready for "  martyrdom . " CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Iran marking the anniversary of the shah 's overthrow with a series of events Moussavi , fellow opposition leader have urged supporters to demonstrate Moussavi : Government that reflects "  dictatorship in the name of religion is the worst kind " Parliament asked authorities to arrest "  main instigators and directors " of protests
