CNN  -- FACETIME : Samer Khoury , President , Engineering & Construction , CCC One person keeping a close eye on regional developments is Samer Khoury . As president of engineering and construction of Consolidated Contractors Company , CCC , he has helped turn the almost 60-year-old family business into a multi-billion dollar powerhouse . MME sat down with the mogul and asked him what impact the Arab Spring has had on his business . IN FOCUS : Dubai Property Upturn The building boom in Dubai has taken a hit during the global financial crisis , but the market may be picking up again . As regional uncertainty lingers , many view Dubai as a possible safe haven . MME takes a closer look at Dubai 's property market as buyers slowly come back in . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursdays : 1645 , Fridays : 0945 , Saturdays : 0715,2145 , Sundays : 0615 , 1645	Founded almost 60 years ago , CCC is now a multi-billion-dollar construction business MME talks to Samer Khoury on what impact the Arab Spring has had on CCC 's business Plus , MME takes a closer look at Dubai 's property market as buyers slowly come back in
CNN  -- A young , beloved teacher found killed in the woods . A 14-year-old student in custody , charged with her murder . That much we know . But hours after both were found -- one dead , one alive -- in suburbs northeast of Boston , much remains unknown as to why Colleen Ritzer was brutally slain . "  It 's just surreal how quickly someone can go , and how much we take for granted everyday , " said Danvers High School student Chris Weimert , describing Ritzer as "  the nicest teacher you could ever have . ... I ca n't believe it . " Authorities had been looking for the student , Philip Chism , first , after he was reported missing -- with police sending out messages via Twitter and Facebook on Tuesday evening , noting he 'd been last seen around 6:30 p.m. and asking for the public 's help in finding him . They got a call around 11:20 p.m. about another missing person , 24-year-old Ritzer , after she , too , had n't returned home and was not answering her phone , according to Essex County District Attorney Jonathan Blodgett . A flurry of activity came next . Police in Topsfield , the town just north of Danvers , around 12:30 a.m. spotted Chism walking alongside a busy road there . Authorities also converged on Danvers High -- where Ritzer taught and which Chism attended -- finding blood in a second-floor bathroom , the district attorney said . The teacher 's body was soon discovered behind the school . Chism was tied to Ritzer 's death after police interviewed him and reviewed video surveillance from the school , a criminal complaint states . In court , it was alleged the teenager "  did assault and beat " Ritzer , leading to her death . "  Based on his statements and the corroborating evidence found at multiple scenes at ... Danvers High School and surrounding wooded area , the juvenile was subsequently placed into custody and booked for murder , " adds the complaint . Read the complaint The 14-year-old was arraigned Wednesday afternoon in a Salem , Massachusetts , court for murder , then ordered held without bail . A grand jury could decide if Chism will be charged as an adult . Meanwhile , the tight-knit community of Danvers is at a loss to explain why someone might take the life of Ritzer , a 24-year-old known for posting inspirational messages on her Twitter account and offering students extra help when they needed it . As the greater Bay State community paid its respects with a moment of silence before the Boston Red Sox began Game 1 of the World Series at Fenway Park , many heartbroken former students of hers gathered for a vigil outside the town 's high school . All seven schools in the North Shore town closed Wednesday , as investigators did their work and students and residents mourned the loss of Ritzer . Everything will reopen Thursday except the high school , but counselors and grief specialists will be available there for two hours during the day , said Superintendent Lisa Dana . Classes throughout the town are set to resume Friday , she said . "  I do n't know why she had to die , " freshman Spencer Wade said of Ritzer , adding that the mysterious and bloody nature of her death made it even harder to deal with . "  She was such a wonderful person . " Suspect had lived in 3 states in recent years Just Monday , the Danvers Police Department was tweeting its support for families and first responders affected by the shooting death of a Sparks , Nevada , teacher -- allegedly at the hands of a 12-year-old boy . While no motive has been spelled out in Ritzer 's death , some details have started to emerge about the the young suspect . Chism attended fourth grade at a Clarksville , Tennessee , elementary school , said Clarksville-Montgomery County , Tennessee , school system spokeswoman Elise Shelton . He then spent fifth grade at Hammock Pointe Elementary in Boca Raton , Florida , according to Palm Beach County school spokesman Owen Torres . The next three years , he was back in Tennessee at Rossview Middle School in Clarksville , according to Shelton . Then his family moved about 1,150 miles northeast to Massachusetts . Specifically , he was in Danvers , a town of about 26,000 people , and went to its lone public high school . Students said Chism played soccer there , describing him as somewhat quiet but still an active participant in class who had friends . "  He ... seemed quiet and reserved , but he just seemed normal , " said Ariana Edwards , who was in Chism 's English class . Chism did n't drink , do drugs and came from a good family , one of his closest friends said . He described Chism as a good athlete who was shy at first but eventually warmed up to people , adding he had n't been acting strangely lately . This friend and others got their first hint something was awry when Chism did n't show up for soccer practice . The team ended up setting out to look for their teammate , after seeing texts that he was missing . As they and police were looking for him -- and after Ritzer was killed -- Chism went to the movies , a source with knowledge of the investigation said . Blodgett declined Wednesday to offer specifics on the relationship between the suspect and the late teacher , though his office said Chism attended one of Ritzer 's classes . When authorities first reported Chism missing on Tuesday , people responded on the police department 's Facebook page with prayers for his "  safe return . " One neighbor described him as "  a polite and friendly boy . " The tenor of the comments changed significantly once he was linked to Ritzer 's killing . "  I 'd say he 's less ` polite and friendly ' than you thought , " wrote one Facebook commenter . "  Everybody has to keep their eyes open . It 's no longer safe to say that you can take everybody at face value . " ` The sweetest , most harmless person ever ' Ritzer graduated from Assumption College in 2011 , that school said on Twitter . She was pursuing a master 's degree in school counseling at Salem State University , that school said . "  She believed children have much to offer and often do not realize how special they are as individuals , " the university said . "  In her application to Salem State she said she was dedicated to ` helping students in times of need . ' " Charlotte Dzerkacz in 2011 taught at the same middle school with Ritzer , during which time the two became close friends . At all times , Ritzer wore a wide smile and was approachable to students and colleagues alike . "  She was energetic , she was compassionate , " Dzerkacz said . "  You could n't ask for anything more from a teacher or a friend . " Like Dzerkacz , Ritzer 's aunt Shirley Martellucci said her niece never had any trouble with students -- including during the past two years , when she was at Danvers High . "  She always wanted to be a teacher , all her life , " Martellucci said . "  It 's just unbelievable that someone would take her life at such a young age . " On her Twitter account , Ritzer interspersed homework assignments and exhortations to work through tough math problems with cooking talk and inspirational messages . "  No matter what happens in life , be good to people , " she wrote in August . "  Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind . " Her family issued a statement seeking privacy as they mourn their "  amazing , beautiful daughter and sister . " "  Everyone that knew and loved Colleen knew of her passion for teaching and how she mentored each and every one of her students , " the family said in the statement . Students at Danvers High echoed that sentiment , as well as that of her school district describing Ritzer as "  a dynamic and brilliant ray of light . " In the halls , she was guaranteed to offer a warm smile . In class , she could be counted on to give an appreciated pat on the back . Even once the final bell sounded , she could always be counted on to offer teaching , guidance and support . "  She was always the teacher  who would  go the extra mile for students , always the teacher to be there for students after school , " said Kyle Cahill . "  It 's just crazy . " Debate unfolds after teacher slayings in Nevada , Massachusetts CNN 's Dana Garrett , Laurie Segall , Eden Pontz , Rob Frehse , Rose Arce , Chandler Friedman , Stephanie Gallman , Alexis Weiss and Bob Crowley , as well as journalist Alexandra Field , contributed to this report .	NEW : The suspect went to a movie theater after allegedly killing his teacher , source says The district attorney says the suspect , Chism , was in one of Colleen Ritzer 's classes Her body is found in woods near Danvers High School in northeastern Massachusetts Complaint : Suspect 's interview with police , video evidence led to murder charge
New York  CNN  -- People come up to Aimee Mullins all the time and say , "  you know , I have to tell you , you just do n't look disabled . " The record-setting athlete , actress and model says , "  And it 's sweet because I know that they 're confused , and they 're telling me this because they know I 'm missing both legs from the shin down , but they 're presented with this package of a highly capable young woman . This has happened all over the world . I tell them it 's interesting because I do n't feel disabled . " She believes that people are not born disabled . "  It 's society that disables an individual by not investing in enough creativity to allow for someone to show us the quality that makes them rare and valuable and capable . " Mullins was born without fibula bones and was expected to use a wheelchair to get around . Her legs were amputated below the knees when she was a year old . She learned to walk , bike , swim and play sports using prosthetics . While a student at Georgetown University , she competed in the NCAA Division I , using pioneering carbon-fiber prosthetic devices designed to imitate the hind legs of a cheetah . At the Paralympics in 1996 , she set world records in several track events , drawing attention that landed her on magazine covers and in one media "  best of " list after another . Mullins was featured in a 1999 show by the late fashion designer Alexander McQueen and has gone on to a career as an actress . In an interview with CNN.com , she said she 's beginning work on a screenplay about the life of scientist Rosalind Franklin , whose discoveries helped lead to the unlocking of the structure of DNA . In a talk at last year 's TED MED conference in San Diego , Mullins explored the concept of disability and talked about how overcoming adversity is something everyone must confront , in one way or another . -LSB- TED is a nonprofit that distributes talks on a wide variety of subjects at http://www.ted.com/; TED MED is a separate organization that focuses on medical and health care related issues . -RSB- Mullins spoke to CNN Monday . Here 's an edited transcript : CNN : You spoke at the TED MED conference about the negative connotations of the term "  disabled . " How important is it that we get the language right ? Aimee Mullins : It 's not so much the word itself . The idea of being politically correct is not the goal here . It 's how we use the word very casually as a label to try to encompass somebody 's value to our community and the worth of their contribution to our community . That 's what we need to get right . I 've had so many letters from parents or medical professionals who will say , I did n't even think about how casually I 'll tell someone oh , I have a disabled child . It never even occurred to them that if they really stop to think about it , their child may have a specific medical condition that can be defined as paralysis or autism or being an amputee . ... it 's how we use words and how they shape what we think about difference and other people in our community . CNN : In your own life , how significant have these kinds of words been ? Mullins : Well for me I never ever felt the ownership or any identity with any community of disabilities . I did n't grow up being told that I was a disabled child . After the '96 games , and I was competing in Division I track at Georgetown and I was starting to get mainstream press ... where I 'd be on the cover of a magazine that was heralding my speed and athletic prowess and it would say , "  Disabled athlete Aimee Mullins runs faster than most people on the planet with flesh and bone legs . " And I thought how does a journalist miss that , and just casually write "  disabled athlete . " I 've had journalists asking me what do we call you -- is it handicapped , are you disabled , physically challenged ? I said well hopefully you could just call me Aimee . But if you have to describe it , I 'm a bilateral below the knee amputee . Ten years later , watching Oscar Pistorius go through many of the same issues I had 10-12 years ago , I realized that our language just has n't caught up with the opportunities technology is providing for people ... I feel like today there 's a different sense , so much more widespread , of people feeling like they do n't want to be negated , they do n't want to be marginalized , they want to make their own definitions of their identity . They want to identify themselves . CNN : You have said that there 's a stigma relating to differences between people . Do you think , just setting the word aside , is there still a stigma relating to physical limitations such as being an amputee ? Mullins : There 's much , much less of a stigma here . It 's my own personal experience that parents of children today who are amputees have an entirely different view . I think a lot of this is because of the Internet . They have so much more access to information and to learn about what prosthetics are out there . And a sense of sheer numbers , to learn that you 're not alone . ... I 've been in developing countries where being an amputee and indeed having any kind of physical or intellectual or emotional disability is highly stigmatized . I was in Kibera -LSB- in Nairobi , Kenya -RSB- , one of the largest slums in the world , last fall , and mothers of babies born with club feet are encouraged to abandon these children . If the babies are born with Down Syndrome , they 're encouraged to abandon them . If the mother does n't actually abandon the child , the child is kept in a backroom in a shack and literally does not see the light of day . And the child is not even counted . When I asked a mother how many children she had , she told me she had three , but there were four . I was sitting in their living room and her three year old had been born with his head enlarged and the rest of his body was n't developing at the same rate . I had a really disturbing message from a doctor who was at TED MED and heard me speak and went to Haiti immediately after the earthquake -- he 's an anesthesiologist . And he said , we have to talk because I have so many patients down here who are choosing death over amputation . And so I 'm sure that part of the social stigma in a developing country when employment and work are already scarce , it 's hard for people to imagine how they could support their family financially with a different body . CNN : How does technology play into this and how is it changing the lives of amputees ? Mullins : Technology 's a huge factor . There had been a real dearth of technological advancement since the last world war . ... I grew up as a teenager having this wonderful naivete about , well I can go see something that James Cameron dreamt up and -LSB- Oscar-winning visual effects designer -RSB- Stan Winston built it . Why ca n't I have that for my body ? Or I would go into Madame Tussaud 's wax museum and see the kind of artistry was done there for a leg . Why ca n't I combine that with Stan Winston 's doing ? Watch James Cameron 's talk at TED2010 It was a very lonely voice echoing in the wilderness ... And I really think because of the two wars we are in right now and because of the fact that we have so many young men and women in this situation , it 's unthinkable that we 're willing to make a 19-year old irrelevant by not giving them their capabilities . And that 's why you 're seeing so many leaps in progress . Again with the growth of the Internet , so many more people are saying I found some designer in Silicon Valley who 's using a 3-D printer to create a model of a prosthetic leg and customize it and print it out . There is that sense of possibility that 's been so expanded because of technology and because so many more people have accepted this invitation to come into the conversation . I 've had fashion designers , graphic designers , and communication designers , people who do n't have engineering backgrounds , who do n't have medical backgrounds , who are very intrigued by the idea of creating prosthetics for assistive devices ... The idea of prosthetics is a tool . Most people 's cell phones are prosthetics . If you leave your cell phone at home , you feel impacted by not having it . It 's an important part of your daily function and what you can do in a day . CNN : How much of your own time do you devote to raising awareness about these issues ? Mullins : I 'm not an advocate for disability issues . Human issues are what interest me . You ca n't possibly speak for a diverse group of people . I do n't know what it 's like to be an arm amputee , or have even one flesh-and-bone leg , or to have cerebral palsy . I do n't speak for such huge and diverse groups . What I 've tried to do , what I 've been fortunate to do , is to live my live and create my life as I 've wanted to create it . To be able to live with such an autonomy has itself raised awareness .	Mullins set world records using prosthetic devices , she 's an actress and model She believes people are n't disabled ; society disables people when it denies their potential Mullins : The stigma of amputation is largely gone in the United States thanks to technology
CNN  -- A residential building in Spokane Valley , Washington , was being decontaminated after police removed a half pound of highly sensitive explosives from one of the apartments , a sheriff 's spokesman said . John D. Raymond , 53 , is being held on a civil bench warrant and is likely to face charges in district court Tuesday of illegally manufacturing and possessing explosives , said Sgt. Dave Reagan of the Spokane County Sheriff 's Office . Raymond uses a wheelchair to get around and lived in a ground floor apartment of the 10-unit building . He was transported to jail by ambulance , Reagan said . A police robot removed a half pound of TATP , or Triacetone Triperoxide , from Raymond 's apartment , Reagan said . TATP is extremely sensitive to impact , temperature change and friction , according to the defense and military Web site GlobalSecurity.org . It has been used by suicide bombers in Israel and was chosen as a detonator in 2001 by the thwarted "  shoe bomber " Richard Reid . The TATP in Raymond 's apartment was placed in a bomb-proof container and taken to a county-owned gravel yard for detonation . "  It is too unstable to save as evidence , " Reagan said . A secondary sweep of the apartment did not turn up any more TATP , but authorities were concerned about material found in the kitchen sink . As a precaution , the Spokane Fire Department HazMat unit has been called in to decontaminate the scene before residents are allowed to return to their apartments . Reagan said Raymond was angry about how his divorce case was being handled . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Police remove a half pound of highly sensitive explosives Triacetone Triperoxide is sensitive to impact , temperature change , friction John D. Raymond , 53 , is being held on a civil bench warrant HazMat unit called in to decontaminate the scene before residents can return
YELLOWSTONE NATIONAL PARK , Montana  CNN  -- The gray wolf was officially removed from the Endangered Species Act 's "  threatened " list Friday after three decades -- a decision that has stoked controversy among environmentalists and ranchers . Federal officials estimate there are 1,500 gray wolves in Yellowstone National Park . It means the wolves can be shot and killed once they step out of Yellowstone National Park as soon as the affected states establish a hunting season . However , state Fish and Wildlife officials can shoot the animals whenever they deem the wolves to be a problem . The government delisted the wolves -- which were eliminated from Yellowstone decades ago before being reintroduced in the 1990s -- because they are now thriving in the park that is dominated by bison , elk and bighorn sheep . "  They 're back here in the Northern Rockies ; they 're back here in Yellowstone , " said Doug Smith , a biologist for the National Park Service in Yellowstone . "  That 's something to celebrate given their history of human hatred . " But not everyone is happy about the animal being removed from the endangered list . Conservationists believe hundreds of gray wolves straying from Yellowstone in search of prey could soon be killed by hunters and ranchers . Watch rancher say no wolf is "  sacred " " "  We 're not ready to pop the champagne corks and have a party , " said Doug Honnold , the managing attorney for Earthjustice , a non-profit environmental law firm based in Oakland , California , that has threatened to sue the government . "  My biggest fear is we 're going to go backwards instead of forwards . " It would n't be the first time . In the early 20th century , wolves were the targets of a massive government extermination campaign . "  It 's harder to find an animal more persecuted than wolves . ... We did wolf extermination with a vengeance , " said Smith . But attitudes began to change in the 1980s . Elk and bison populations increased dramatically because there was no natural predator to keep their numbers in check . In 1995 , Smith led a team to bring wolves back to the Rocky Mountain landscape . They transplanted dozens of wolves to Yellowstone from Canada . See photos of Yellowstone 's animals " The project has been regarded as an overwhelming success . There are now more than 1,500 wolves across Wyoming , Idaho and Montana , according to the government . That number convinced federal wildlife officials to remove them from the endangered species list . Federal officials require each of the three states to maintain a population of 100 wolves , meaning a total of 300 wolves across all three states . The states have actually pledged to keep the population higher than that , at a rate of 150 wolves per state . "  We did a thorough analysis , " said Ed Bangs , the wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service . "  The consensus -LSB- for recovery -RSB- is a population of 300 wolves and 30 breeding pairs . " He added , "  The wolf population is fully recovered . We have more wolves than we ever predicted and we have fewer problems than we ever predicted . " Earthjustice says that 's not nearly enough to ensure a viable population and they want to stop the delisting . "  We 're going to have hundreds of wolves die needlessly , " said Honnold . But many ranchers in the region just do n't understand the fuss about the animals . They have complained for years that the wolves eat their livestock . "  There 's nothing about a wolf that 's sacred , " said Bruce Malcolm , a cattle rancher and Republican member of Montana 's House of Representatives . He said he 's lost nearly two dozen cows to the wolves in recent years . "  I would have preferred that they never came here , " he said . If there 's a winner with the controversy , it 's Yellowstone . The wolves have pushed up attendance by more than a 100,000 visitors per year , according to a park study . Smith , who has dedicated his life to the wolves , is philosophical about the debate . "  No one says living with wolves is easy , " said Smith . "  Living with wolves is a compromise . " E-mail to a friend	Gray wolves officially no longer considered endangered Environmentalists fear hundreds of wolves could soon be killed by ranchers Rancher tells CNN the animals threaten his way of life Federal Wildlife official : "  The wolf population is fully recovered "
CNN  -- It 's no bloody , foot-stomping battle to the death , but a legal fight befitting a mighty dinosaur is playing out on two continents as Mongolia 's president tries to block the sale of a nearly complete skeleton of a 24-foot-long dinosaur that roamed Central Asia 80 million years ago . Despite a Texas judge 's order barring the sale at the behest of Mongolian President Elbegdorj Tsakhia , a Dallas-based auction house on Sunday unloaded the rare skeleton of a Tarbosaurus bataar -- also known as Tyrannosaurus bataar -- to an undisclosed buyer for $ 1,052,500 at an auction in New York . An attorney for Mongolia tried to stop the sale , standing up and waving a cell phone with the Texas judge waiting on the other side , but auction officials declined to stop the sale and escorted the lawyer outside . "  This is a once-in-a-generation dinosaur and collectors definitely responded to both its rarity and its fierce beauty , " David Herskowitz of Heritage Auctions said in a statement after the sale . "  A dino like this is rare to come across in any condition , let alone one as pristine as this . " The dispute is the latest in a series of battles between national governments and private collectors over cultural artifacts , including rare fossils . Governments such as Mongolia 's are concerned about maintaining control over fossil and cultural relics while scientists worry about such items disappearing into private collections . "  At stake are the heritage , history and culture of a sovereign nation , " attorneys for Tsakhia said in a filing asking for the restraining order . Tsakhia had sought to stop the auction , saying it would be illegal to sell the fossil if it had been recovered from his country . While Heritage Auctions did n't say where the fossil had been unearthed , paleontologist Lawrence Witmer of Ohio University said it is almost certainly Mongolian . Most if not all of the examples of the species recovered so far have come from a single geological formation in Mongolia called the Nemegt Formation . "  From what any of us can tell from the photographs on the auction site , the specimen is a typical Nemegt Tarbosaurus from Mongolia , " he said . Although Heritage Auctions went ahead with the sale , it is describing it as contingent on a resolution of the Texas court case . "  We respect the various opinions on the subject and wish to protect the legal rights of all parties involved , " Heritage Auctions President Greg Rohan said in a statement Sunday . "  We have legal assurances from our reputable consignors that the specimen was obtained legally . As far as we know , the Mongolian government has not produced any evidence that the piece originated in its territory , but the final determination will be up to the American legal system , " he said . In legal filings , Tsakhia 's attorneys cited media reports in which Herskowitz was quoted as saying the skeleton had been recovered in the Gobi Desert , a part of which lies within Mongolia . The filing also cited dinosaur experts who believe the specimen , which is 75 % complete , probably came from Mongolia . It had been stored in England until it was brought to the United States last year , according to Heritage Auctions . Tarbosaurus bataar was similar to , but slightly smaller than , the better-known Tyrannosaurus rex . Like its North American counterpart , the dinosaur was a dominant carnivore that lived in the Cretaceous period . While the auction house referred to it as a Tyrannosaurus , most scientists consider the name Tarbosaurus to now be correct , Witmer said . While separate species , the two were "  very closely related , " he said . Many paleontologists disapprove of the sale of fossils , saying museums are often unable to afford the frequently high prices at auction , according to the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology . The group also says that placing important specimens in private collections beyond the reach of researchers and the public could harm scientific inquiry and dampen the enthusiasm of children to pursue careers in science .	NEW : Auctioned fossil is almost certainly from Mongolia , paleontologist says Sunday 's $ 1 million sale of a Tarbosaurus bataar skeleton is contingent on court case Mongolia 's president says selling his country 's fossils is illegal Sales of fossils , other relics have long been controversial
CNN  -- An Ohio appeals court Wednesday overturned hate-crime convictions of 16 Amish men and women in connection with a spate of beard - and hair-cutting attacks on members of their faith , according to court documents . The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati found that the jury in the original case was given incorrect instructions on how to deliberate the role of religion in the attacks , the documents say . The leader of a breakaway Amish community , Samuel Mullet Sr. , and 15 of his followers were found guilty in 2012 in connection with what authorities said were the religiously motivated attacks on several Amish people . Mullet and others were convicted of conspiracy to violate a federal hate-crime law . Prosecutors said Mullet 's followers , at his instruction , shaved the beards and cut the hair of Amish people who had left his group over various religious disagreements . Five attacks happened in four eastern Ohio counties between September and November 2011 . "  No one questions that the assaults occurred , and only a few defendants question their participation in them . The central issue at trial was whether the defendants committed the assaults ` because of ' the religion of the victims , " according to decision . Two of the three judges on the appeals panel found that "  when all is said and done , considerable evidence supported the defendants ' theory that interpersonal and intra-family disagreements , not the victims ' religious beliefs , sparked the attacks , " according to the documents . Mullet was sentenced to 15 years in prison for the crimes . Four of his followers were sentenced to seven years , three received five-year sentences , two were sentenced to two years and six were sentenced to a year and a day , according to the Justice department . The jury also had convicted various defendants with separate assaults , and Mullet with concealing or attempting to conceal evidence , including a camera and pictures of the attacks , the U.S. attorney 's office said . Those charges , which were not part of the appeal , still stand . It is unclear if any defendants will be released as a result of the overturned hate crime convictions . U.S. Attorney Steven Dettelbach released a statement following the decision . "  We respectfully disagree with the two judges who reversed the defendants ' hate crime convictions based on a jury instruction , " the statement said . "  We remain in awe of the courage of the victims in this case , who were subject to violent attacks by the defendants . We are reviewing the opinion and considering our options . " Usually , the Amish resolve disputes without involving law enforcement , but some Amish members reported the beard-cutting incidents to police . Mullet 's group , which had broken away from a larger Amish community , is made up primarily of his relatives living on and around an 800-acre compound in a remote valley outside Bergholz , Ohio . To the Amish , a beard is a significant symbol of faith and manhood , and the way Amish women wear their hair also is a symbol of faith . Calls to defense attorney Wendi Overmyer by CNN were not immediately returned . CNN 's Tricia Escobedo , Jason Hanna and Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	Appeals court overturned hate crime convictions of 16 Amish men and women Wednesday They were convicted in 2012 for beard and hair cutting attacks on fellow members of their faith Majority of appellate judge panel found that it was not religious beliefs that led to the attacks Amish leader was sentenced to 15 years in prison
CNN  -- The husband of a Saudi rape victim sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison said his wife is "  a crushed human being , " but blamed a judge -- not the Saudi judicial system -- for treating her as a criminal . Human rights groups want Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah to drop charges against the rape victim . Saudi society is respectful of women , he said , adding that he had faith his wife would get justice . The ruling relates to an incident in March 2006 when the woman , then 18 and engaged to be married , and an unrelated man were abducted from a mall in Qatif , Saudi Arabia , by a group of seven men . She was later raped . In October , the men were convicted and sentenced to two to nine years in prison for the assault . She was convicted of violating the kingdom 's strict Islamic law by not having a male guardian with her at the mall . "  From the outset , my wife was dealt with as a guilty person who committed a crime , " said her 24-year-old husband . "  She was not given any chance to prove her innocence or describe how she was a victim of multiple brutal rapes . " The husband , who asked to remain unnamed , spoke to CNN senior Arab affairs editor Octavia Nasr . His wife , who he said is "  a quiet , simple person who does not bother anyone , " is ill and too fragile to speak about the case , he said . As her guardian under Saudi law , he is standing up for her publicly . Watch the victim 's husband speak out " The attack , trial and sentencing have taken a heavy toll on his wife 's already-poor health , he said . She suffers from anemia , a blood disorder and asthma , and will have surgery next month to remove her gallbladder , he said . "  Since the attack , she 's been suffering from severe depression . " The events ended her pursuit of an education past high school , he said . "  Her situation keeps changing from bad to worse , " he said . "  You could say she 's a crushed human being . " "  The court proceedings were like a spectacle at times , " he said . "  The criminals were allowed in the same room as my wife . They were allowed to make all kinds of offensive gestures and give her dirty and threatening looks . " Of the three judges at the trial , one of them "  was mean and from the beginning dealt with my wife as guilty person who had done something wrong , " he said . "  Even when he pronounced the sentence , he said to her , ` You were involved in a suspicious relationship , and you deserve 200 lashes for that , ' " he said . The judge dismissed her lawyer , Abdulrahman al-Lahim , after the two clashed in court , he said . "  The judge took things personally and was reacting to our lawyer , who 's a known human rights activist , " the husband said . "  The judge undermined the lawyer , decreased his role and then dismissed him from the case altogether . The judge simply could n't work with our lawyer . " The woman was originally sentenced in October 2006 to 90 lashes . But when she appealed , the court more than doubled her sentence . The husband said the judge was pursuing "  a personal vendetta . " "  We were shocked when the judgment changed and her sentence was doubled , " the husband said . "  We were looking for pardon ; instead , she got double the whipping and more jail time . " A court source told Arab News , an English-language Middle Eastern daily newspaper , that the woman 's sentence was increased after the woman spoke to the media about the case . But a Saudi Justice Ministry statement said the permanent committee of the Supreme Judicial Council recommended an increased sentence for the woman after further evidence came to light against her when she appealed her original sentence . "  If this sentence is based on the law , then I would 've welcomed it , " the husband said . "  But it is harsh , and the Saudi society I know and belong to is more sympathetic than that . I do not expect such harshness from Saudis , but rather compassion and support of the victim and her rights . " Saudi society is very respectful to women in general , he said . The case , which has sparked media scrutiny of the Saudi legal system , has drawn a strong international reaction . Human Rights Watch said it has called on Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah "  to immediately void the verdict and drop all charges against the rape victim and to order the court to end its harassment of her lawyer . " Under law in Saudi Arabia , women are subject to numerous restrictions , including a strict dress code , a prohibition on driving and a requirement that they get a man 's permission to travel or have surgery . Women are also not allowed to testify in court unless it is about a private matter that was not observed by a man , and they are not allowed to vote . The Saudi government recently has taken steps to better the situation of women in the kingdom , including the establishment earlier this year of special courts to handle domestic abuse cases , adoption of a new labor law and the creation of a human rights commission . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Octavia Nasr , Saad Abedine and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	NEW : Husband says one of the judges at the trial was pursuing "  a personal vendetta " Court more than doubled woman 's original sentence of 90 lashes to 200 Woman convicted of violating law by not having a male guardian with her Husband : Saudi society is very respectful to women in general
CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Monday will announce Thomas E. Perez , U.S. assistant attorney general heading the Justice Department 's civil rights division , as his nominee for the next secretary of the Department of Labor , according to a White House official . A former federal prosecutor and an official in his home state of Maryland , Perez was sworn into his current post in October 2009 . CNN 's Jessica Yellin reported earlier this month that Obama would name Perez to the Cabinet position . If approved , he would take the position recently held by Hilda L. Solis , a former congresswoman who resigned in January . In a letter to colleagues announcing her departure , Solis said she 'd "  taken our mission to heart . " "  As the daughter of parents who worked in factories , paid their union dues and achieved their goal of a middle class life , and as the first Latina to head a major federal agency , it has been an incredible honor to serve , " she wrote . Perez , who is himself Hispanic , and his office have been active in several high-profile cases in recent years . They include : -- In 2010 , Perez launched a probe into the law enforcement tactics of Maricopa County , Arizona , Sheriff Joe Arpaio after the controversial sheriff 's hard line anti-immigration policies led to accusations of civil rights violations . The Justice Department determined that Arpaio had engaged in "  pattern or practice of wide-ranging discrimination against Latinos and retaliatory actions against individuals who criticized " his department 's activities . Arpaio condemned the investigation as politically motivated and a "  witch hunt " provoked by the Obama administration 's disfavor of the state 's controversial immigration law . -- In October 2010 , Perez filed a legal brief in response to a lawsuit brought by local landowners trying to prevent the construction of a mosque in Murfreesboro , Tennessee . In the friend-of-the court brief , Perez argued that practicing Islam is a freedom protected under the First Amendment of the Constitution . -- Perez also became involved in a controversial 2008 voting rights case after it drew attention from Republican lawmakers and became the target of a Justice Department Inspector General 's report that slapped the department 's voting rights section for having a lack of professionalism and pervasive warring between employees who disagreed politically . The case stemmed from a complaint against members of the New Black Panther Party who stood outside a polling station in Philadelphia on Election Day dressed in boots and berets and carrying a nightstick . Though civil charges for attempted voter intimidation were filed by the Bush Administration , they were dropped against three of four defendants after President Obama came in to office . Republicans called foul -- accusing the department 's political leadership of getting involved in the decision . Though Perez had not yet been confirmed when the decision was made , he said in testimony to Inspector General Michael Horowitz in May 2010 that politics played no part in the decision . Horowitz was not satisfied with Perez 's account of the situation , saying in his report that Perez should have tried to get more information before testifying . Perez was not accused of any wrongdoing , but he has been criticized for not doing enough to improve what the Inspector General described as a dysfunctional department with persistent ideological polarization spanning two administrations . Before rising to the Justice Department position , Perez led Maryland 's Department of Labor , Licensing and Regulation . This office is charged with "  safeguarding workers , protecting consumers , providing a safety net and cultivating a thriving workforce , " according to its website . Perez also was on the Montgomery County Council from 2002 to 2006 . He had earlier spent 12 years as an attorney in the Justice Department 's civil rights division , rising to become deputy assistant attorney general during the 1990s . Perez also worked for late Sen. Edward Kennedy , a Massachusetts Democrat , and spent the final two years of President Bill Clinton 's administration as head of the Health and Human Services Department 's civil rights office . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Thomas Perez will be the nominee for labor secretary In the Justice Department 's civil rights division , he had been involved in high-profile cases He will replace Hilda Solis , who resigned in January He was a prosecutor and elected official in Maryland
CNN  -- The investigation of the E. coli outbreak linked to Nestle Toll House cookie dough is nearly over , according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . The cause of the contamination has not been identified . Nestle recalled all its Toll House refrigerated cookie dough products made at a Danville , Virginia , plant . David Acheson , the FDA 's associate commissioner for foods , says the samples of cookie dough his agency has tested do not contain the E. coli strain that sickened 74 people in 32 states . On June 19 , Nestle recalled all its Toll House refrigerated cookie dough products made at a Danville , Virginia , plant . Thirty-four people have been hospitalized ; no deaths have been reported . The CDC reports that the majority of the patients were teenage girls who reported eating the cookie dough raw . Last month , the FDA found E. coli in a production sample of Toll House cookie dough , but after testing , investigators found that the strain in the sample did not match the outbreak strain . "  We are still in speculation mode , " Acheson said , but the E. coli "  most likely came from raw ingredients " such as flour . The E.coli strain that caused the outbreak , 0157 : H7 , is typically found in fecal contamination from animals such as cows , sheep or goats . Acheson points out that it 's not unusual for those animals to be carrying more than one strain of the bacteria . But he believes that the root cause of the contamination may never be known . "  We have to conclude we 're unlikely to have a definitive determination , " he said . Most people with E. coli 0157 : H7 experience diarrhea and abdominal cramps within eight days of infection . The FDA notified Nestle USA on Thursday that its investigation at the Danville plant was over . Nestle says FDA inspectors were at the plant for more than a week and found no E. coli on equipment . More than 1,000 tests have been conducted at the facility after the outbreak . "  We 've dismantled the production line and done extensive testing on all equipment and not found any E. coli , " Nestle USA spokeswoman Laurie MacDonald said . MacDonald announced that Nestle is easing back into production at the plant . The company has purchased new lots of eggs , flour and margarine and says it is thoroughly testing the new products and all raw ingredients . Consumers will have to wait to see cookie dough back in grocery stores . "  You 're not going to see anything on the shelves for quite some time , " MacDonald said . But when it does appear , the company will mark the cookie dough with a new label that clearly designates it as a new batch . It will also continue to carry a reminder to not eat the dough raw .	FDA says Toll House samples do n't contain particular strain of E. coli Nestle recalled all dough made at Virginia plant after outbreak 74 people in 32 states were sickened ; there were no deaths Plant resuming test production of cookie dough
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's oldest son disputed Dr. Conrad Murray 's claim , given in his police interview , that the doctor comforted him and his siblings in the emergency room after they learned their father was dead , according to a Jackson family member who was with the children that day . Prince Jackson told his family that Murray 's account played in his involuntary manslaughter trial this week was not true , Trent Jackson , the nephew of Katherine and Joe Jackson , said Thursday . "  Perfect storm " of drugs killed Jackson , sleep expert says Jackson family members were upset that jurors may sympathize with Murray because of perceived compassion for the children that day , Jackson told CNN . "  I hugged them all , gave comfort to Paris , comfort to Prince , comfort to Blanket , which is the last little guy , because whenever they were sick , they would always ask for Dr. Conrad , " Murray told detectives two days after Jackson 's death in 2009 . Trent Jackson , who drove Katherine Jackson to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center , where doctors were trying to revive her son , said Murray did not have a conversation with Paris Jackson , the 12-year-old daughter , as he told police . "  She asked me , ` Dr. Murray , you said you save a lot of patients . You know , you save people with heart attacks , and you could n't save my dad , " Murray told detectives . "  I said , ' I tried my best . ' And she said , ' I know that , Dr. Murray . At least I know . I know you tried your best . I know you tried your best , but I 'm really sad . You know , I will wake up in the morning , and I wo n't be able to see my daddy . ' " Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson were initially kept in an SUV outside of the emergency room after they followed the ambulance carrying their father to the hospital , Trent Jackson said . Frank Dileo , who was Michael Jackson 's manager , later escorted them inside after their grandmother arrived , according to Trent Jackson . Murray never spoke to Michael Jackson 's mother at the emergency room , contrary to his statement to police , Trent Jackson said . While the truthfulness of Murray 's interview is a major issue in the trial , it is not expected that Michael Jackson 's 14-year-old son Prince will be called to testify , the relative said . Katherine Jackson , who has custody of the children , is opposed to any of them being called as witnesses , he said . Prosecutors are near a conclusion to their direct presentation in Murray 's trial , but rebuttal witnesses could be called next week after the defense rests its case .	Prince Jackson disputes doctor 's account of events , family member says Murray told police he comforted Prince , Paris , Blanket Jackson in emergency room Katherine Jackson does not want her grandson to testify in Murray 's trial , a family member says
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. Army officer who was honored for valor after his combat outpost in Afghanistan was attacked has also received a letter of reprimand for failing to secure the base before the attack , according to Army officials . Such a letter normally would prevent career advancement . U.S. Army Capt. Matthew Myer received the Silver Star for his part in repelling a Taliban attack on his small combat outpost in eastern Afghanistan in July 2008 . The attack , near the village of Wanat , is still the deadliest ground combat of the war involving U.S. troops . A coordinated Taliban attack from the steep hills surrounding the base almost resulted in the outpost being overrun . According to troops who survived , the Taliban came at the base with about 200 fighters , outnumbering the U.S. forces at the base . In the end nine soldiers were killed and 12 were wounded . About 100 Taliban were killed . Despite the heavy U.S. death toll , Myer was awarded the Silver Star for calling in aircraft to beat back the fighters , some of whom had breached the base walls , according to U.S. military officials in Afghanistan . After the attack , the U.S. military scrutinized how enemy forces were allowed to get as close to the base as they did . Officials familiar with the after-action review said Taliban fighters got within grenade-throwing distance of U.S. troops . Myer even called in close air support to hit enemy targets just 10 meters from his own position , according to officials familiar with the after-action report . Four-star Gen. Charles C. Campbell was chosen to review the final investigation and make disciplinary decisions . Campbell decided Myer would receive a career-ending letter of reprimand for failing to prepare the base 's defenses sufficiently against an enemy attack . Myer was informed this week of his punishment , according to U.S. military officials . CBS News first reported his punishment . Two of Myer 's senior commanders , who were not at the base during the attack , also received similar career-ending letters of reprimand . Officials would not elaborate on the reasons for the reprimands . Army officials acknowledge the base , built to protect the people in Wanat , was at the bottom of a valley surrounded by high hills , an almost impossible location to defend . According to one U.S. military official familiar with the general 's decision to reprimand Myer , "  He saw the evidence and made a decision based on that . " However , the same official said , "  Unless you 've been there , you do n't know how hard those places are to defend . " Myer and his two senior officers are allowed to appeal the punishment . Another U.S. military official familiar with the review said he expects the three officers to meet with Campbell to plead their cases .	Army Capt. Matthew Myer has Silver Star from actions during a Taliban attack Letter of reprimand criticizes him for allowing attack to take place Two of his superior officers also receive letters of reprimand Site of attack was at bottom of a valley surrounded by high hills
President Barack Obama flatly stated Tuesday the United States wo n't forget the gruesome killing of American journalist James Foley and promised "  justice will be done . " And now , apparently , he has some options to pursue such justice -- going after ISIS not just for beheading Foley , but for its campaign of terror around the region . The U.S. Defense Department has given Obama "  a range of planning options " to go after the Islamist terror group , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday . That includes continuing to strike the group , as U.S. forces have done for weeks , inside Iraq as well as taking the fight into Syria . "  We 're having a constant conversation inside the administration about what options could be necessary to go after ISIS whether it 's in Syria , Iraq or wherever they train or operate , " the spokeswoman said . Harf added that the President -- who has authorized reconnaissance flights over Syria , according to a U.S. official -- has n't made any decisions on what to do next . But , even if he has n't offered specifics , he has n't backed down in his rhetoric . Speaking at an American Legion event Tuesday about Foley 's killing -- which ISIS videotaped then put online as it threatened more such killings targeting Americans -- Obama said that , while his government will be patient , it also wo n't hesitate to use its vast reach to bring "  justice " by going "  after those who harm Americans " and others . "  We 'll continue to take direct action where needed to protect our people and to defend our homeland , " the President said in Charlotte , North Carolina . "  And rooting out a cancer like  ISIS  wo n't be easy , and it wo n't be quick . But tyrants and murderers before them should recognize that kind of hateful vision ultimately is no match for the strength and hopes of people who stand together for the security and dignity and freedom that is the birthright of every human being . " Officials : American fighting for ISIS killed in Syria Official : U.S. wo n't coordinate with al-Assad U.S. officials take pains to point out that they are going after ISIS already . Militarily , that means increasing its presence in the Persian Gulf , boosting intelligence gathering and cooperation in Iraq , doing more for Iraqi security forces and conducting airstrikes in Iraq , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said Tuesday . Still , if the United States is serious about going after ISIS -- wherever it is -- it ca n't count on the group to stay on the Iraqi side of the porous Syrian border . That 's why striking in Syria is a possibility . If that 's what happens , it would mean Obama would be on the same side as Syrian President Bashar al-Assad -- the same man who U.S. officials have been railing at for years , going so far as to work closely with the "  moderate opposition " forces trying to unseat him the past three years . Yet these "  moderate " forces are n't alone in trying to topple al-Assad . They 've been joined by -- and sometimes fight against -- ISIS and other groups such as al-Nusra Front , that Washington calls terrorist organizations . Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem said al-Assad 's regime was ready to accept support from the United States and others working under the U.N. umbrella to fight "  terrorists " -- a reference to ISIS . But Moallem warned against any unilateral action or strikes in Syrian territory without permission . Harf said Tuesday , though , that U.S. officials wo n't be suddenly befriending or working with their counterparts in Syria . Quite the contrary , she said , stressing "  we are not going to be coordinating with the Assad regime , period . " "  The answer to ISIS is not the Assad regime , " the State Department spokeswoman said . "  They have allowed them to grow ... . And we are not going to be working with them to root out this threat . " In fact , Harf said Obama is asking Congress to fund a "  training and equip mission " for the "  moderate opposition in Syria . " This could be significant , as up until now the U.S. government has resisted giving arms or military equipment directly to anyone in the war-torn country who wants to defeat al-Assad -- in part due to fears such weaponry could end up in the wrong hands , including that of ISIS . "  It is always a challenge that we 're dealing with , " Harf said . "  We believe here , though , that we need to keep supporting the moderate opposition in Syria . " Officials : Non-military ways to defeat ISIS The key to defeating ISIS is n't necessarily as simple as military might , U.S. officials say . Yes , airstrikes could block the Islamist terror group 's offensive , though they would n't necessarily eliminate them entirely if fighters move underground . "  It does n't take too many people around you getting blown up to make you not want to get out into the open , " said retired Col. Peter Mansoor , an ex-aide to former CIA Director Gen. David Petraeus . From a funding and manpower standpoint , Harf said it 's important to cut off funding for ISIS and its supply of foreign fighters like Douglas McCain , the American killed in fighting in Syria over the weekend . There is also a gut decision of what to do when faced with a terror threat : After beheading Foley , for instance , ISIS promised to kill more Americans so long as they were targeted . Kirby , the Pentagon spokesman , said that "  you ca n't let yourself be intimidated by a group like this . " You ca n't count on convincing them either , though it is important the local people understand that they are better off without ISIS than with them , he added . "  They will respond to force , " Kirby said of what military action can do . "  But ultimately what 's going to defeat them is a rejection of their ideology . And that can only be done through good governance -- in Iraq and Syria . "	State Department official : Cutting off funding , foreign fighters for ISIS is key Pentagon official : Military power is effective , but so is local "  good governance " U.S. official : Pentagon has given Obama options on what to do in Syria President Obama on ISIS : "  We 'll continue to take direct action "
Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me . Fool me three times ? Good grief , no one should ever be fooled three times . But that 's exactly what will happen to the Senate Intelligence Committee -- and the American people -- unless President Barack Obama puts a leash on an unchecked CIA . He now must stop it from taking any more steps to try to hide its record of torture , secret prisons and the kidnapping program known as extraordinary rendition . Under the leadership of Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein , D-California , the committee conducted a five-year investigation into the CIA 's use of torture between 2001 and 2006 . Senators and their staff members reviewed more than 3 million pages of CIA documents , resulting in a report of more than 6,000 pages . The committee voted Thursday to submit its report on torture to the executive branch for a declassification review and then public release . One of the very few conclusions of the report that will be made public is that the CIA repeatedly misled Congress , the White House and the Justice Department on the facts of the torture program . An entire section of the report is dedicated to CIA falsehoods , presumably including lies to the very committee charged with overseeing the CIA . Fool the Senate once , shame on the CIA . After nearly four years of investigating , the committee voted in December 2012 to adopt the report but delayed any vote on declassifying it until the CIA -- the agency that the committee had just concluded had lied to Congress and carried out all of the illegal conduct in the report -- had 60 days to review the report . Well , 60 days turned into more than six months as the CIA reportedly found almost no factual errors in the report but nonetheless wrote a couple hundred pages reportedly asserting the efficacy of the program and attacking the report 's methodology . The agency , however , was n't done . It then ran a whisper campaign among reporters to disparage the Senate report . The CIA campaign to hide the truth did n't just stop with foot dragging or writing counter-reports . It reportedly went as far as spying on the Senate Intelligence Committee staff 's use of computers dedicated for their exclusive use . Feinstein has characterized the reported incidents as possibly violating the constitutional separation of powers principle , the Fourth Amendment , a criminal computer fraud statute and an executive order banning the CIA from spying domestically . The CIA must be held responsible for any laws broken , but it is certainly reasonable to ask why the Senate Intelligence Committee or the White House ever let the agency get its controlling hands on the report in the first place . Fool the Senate twice , shame on the Senate . With the committee poised to vote to submit the torture report for a declassification review and then public release , it is worth asking : Will the Senate risk getting fooled by the CIA a third time ? CIA Director John Brennan has promised to play nice , saying that if sent the Senate torture report yet again , the CIA would "  carry out the review expeditiously . " Yes , let 's again entrust the report to the agency that broke the law on torture and was so brazen that until this month , its acting CIA general counsel was a lawyer named 1,600 times in the torture report . Only a fool would be fooled three times . Feinstein should insist -- and Obama should agree -- that the White House itself conduct the declassification review . Furthermore , only White House officials who had no role in any of the banned practices described in the report should be involved in the review , and the CIA should be consulted only as needed -- with only CIA officials untainted by torture looped in . By law , the president has authority to declassify information , and he surely has the authority to decide the process for declassifying this landmark report . The CIA should never have had a torture program , never should have lied about what it was doing and never should have been given broad authority to review the Senate oversight report . Obama can not now hand the agency a black-out pen to continue to hide the horrors it inflicted around the globe and the harm it caused to our American values . It 's time for someone other than the CIA to decide what all Americans can know about its wrongs . Fooled twice , yes . Let 's not be fooled again . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Christopher Anders worries that CIA is trying to slip one past Senate and American people A controversial report on torture should be declassified , he argues On Thursday , the Senate Intelligence Committee approved release of the report Anders says President Obama needs to rein in the troubled agency
CNN  -- Dressed in a pink uniform , midwife Esther Madudu shuffles past rows of beds to check on the five babies she delivered the night before inside a small health center in rural eastern Uganda . Lying underneath a sky blue mosquito net , a newborn girl wrapped in a white sheet tries to stretch her tiny body as Madudu slowly approaches . "  Esther is there , " says the midwife , pointing to the baby girl resting next to her mother . "  Esther Madudu -- they gave the baby my names , all my names , because yesterday it was born on my birthday , " she continues , with a smile on her face . "  The mother was too excited because she never expected the baby to be alive so she said : ` these are all your names . ' The pain was too much ; she walked for a long distance and she thought the baby was dying . " Read this : Flying doctor takes to the skies Pain medication is a rare luxury in the small village of Atitiri so Madudu had to rely on one special treatment to help the woman bring her baby to life . "  I gave her ` verbocain , ' " says Madudu . "  You know ` verbocain ' is the only drug we can give them in Africa , " she explains ironically . " ` Verbocain ' -- you verbally talk to the mother ; giving her just consoling words and patting her , rubbing her back , until she gave birth . " ` Stand Up For Mothers ' Madudu is well known here as a midwife who has a very good record of saving both mothers and babies during difficult deliveries . But her reputation extends far beyond eastern Uganda . Since 2011 , Madudu has become the poster girl for all of Africa 's midwives , fronting an international campaign to highlight the plights of mothers and babies on the continent . Called "  Stand Up For African Mothers , " the initiative by the African Medical and Research Foundation  AMREF  aims to ensure that all pregnant women throughout Africa have access to trained midwives to ensure a reduction in high maternal mortality rates . In sub-Saharan Africa , AMREF says 200,000 women die every year from complications during pregnancy or childbirth -- that 's 60 % of the global total . "  In Africa , maternal mortality death is really unacceptably high , " says Abenet Berhanu , AMREF country director for Uganda . Read this : ` Give African women a voice ' The group , one of Africa 's top health and development research organizations , works together with local authorities to improve education and facilitation of care . It also aims to train 15,000 midwives by 2015 to equip them with the necessary skills to maintain good health and has launched an online petition to symbolically nominate Madudu as a candidate for the 2015 Nobel Peace Prize . "  She really has a passion for her work , " says Berhanu of Madudu . "  She has been working extra hours ; she is passionate in handling mothers , " he adds . "  This -LSB- the nomination -RSB- is in recognition for all midwives who have been working under challenging circumstances . " To support the "  Stand Up For African Mothers " campaign , Madudu has visited different countries giving several speeches to draw attention to the issue of maternal mortality in Africa . "  This campaign is not a political campaign , " explains Madudu . "  It is just a campaign which is creating awareness that there is death , maternal mortality rate which is high in Africa ; mothers are dying ; babies are dying . The solution should be , we train midwives , " she says . Devotion Like many maternity clinics in rural parts of Africa , the health center in Atitiri is lacking several necessary resources -- shortage of running water , electricity challenges , broken beds and scarcity of medicines all make Madudu 's job very difficult . But despite the challenges , the midwife extraordinaire remains devoted to her patients . A mother of two , Madudu has chosen to live hours away from her family to be able to cater to the women that need her . "  I opted to give my children to my mother , not because I do n't love them , " she says . "  I love my children but because I could not have time for them , to cook for them , take care of them , because of my tight schedule of duties . " Read this : One woman 's mission to fix water crisis Madudu can completely identify with the fears of the mothers she helps . Soon after becoming a midwife , she suffered herself the cruel experience of losing a child . "  I am a victim of mortality because I lost my baby during child birth , " recalls Madudu . "  It was a terrible condition for me ; it was psychological torture , because a midwife losing a baby ? And yet I 'm the one saving other babies , " she adds . "  It was terrible and I said ` no mother should lose a baby ; I 'll try my level best , I will improvise , whatever I can , so long as I have the knowledge to save that woman and her baby . ' " And that 's what she 's been doing ever since , working tirelessly to ensure that mothers get the right treatment during pregnancy and child birth . She is optimistic that the "  Stand Up For Afican Mothers " campaign will create much needed awareness of the plights of the people she 's helping . "  We hope to create a future where no baby is left alone , where no mother dies while giving birth , " she says . "  That is my hope . " Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	"  Stand up For African Mothers " is a campaign aiming to highlight the plight of African mothers Launched by AMREF , it wants to ensure that all pregnant women in Africa have access to midwives The group has nominated Ugandan midwife Esther Madudu for the 2015 Nobel Peace Prize AMREF aims to train 15,000 midwives in Africa by 2015
London  CNN  -- The past few days in Ukraine have been marked by an escalation of street protests and ongoing clashes with riot police in the center of Kiev , as Ukrainians respond to new repressive laws adopted last week . The legislation seriously undermines the freedom of assembly , media , privacy and civil society . These laws constitute a crackdown on major democratic freedoms and offer a path to dictatorship . They criminalize defamation , introduce a label of "  foreign agents " for foreign funded NGOs , enact jail terms for wearing masks and hard hats during the protest , and restrict the work of non-registered news agencies . In short they could seriously undermine the chances for free and fair presidential elections when they are held . The protests erupted two months ago against pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych 's foreign policy U-turn away from EU integration . Since then , his strategy has been to suppress and intimidate the media and political activists . In December , prominent journalist Tatiana Chornovol was attacked and badly beaten . The Ukrainian president 's office condemned the attack and ordered an investigation . Since then , four protesters have died amid ongoing clashes with police and dozens have been arrested -- and a Ukrainian Catholic Church spokesman told the National Catholic Reporter that the church 's website had been compromised by cyber attacks via neighboring Russia . Instead of dialogue and compromise , President Yanukovych has chosen the hard line towards establishing dictatorial rule . His ruling Party of Regions , in cooperation with the Communist Party , passed the repressive laws , and the Ministry of Interior issued a decree allowing riot police to use force and weapons against the protesters . The Kiev court prohibited any demonstrations until March 8 . Statements about the "  foreign instigated " nature of the protests and the language of an "  external enemy " have started to appear in the ruling party rhetoric . Yanukovych has also fired his long-standing head of presidential administration , Serhiy Liovochkin , who is believed to take a moderate position in proposing dialogue with the opposition and protesters . As of today his post is vacant . The expectations are that it could be filled by a hardliner . Groups of thugs and aggressive young men who support the government have further destabilized the situation . On Tuesday more than 500 of them were roaming the streets of Kiev . Any attempts by citizens to call in police forces to address this security issues were ignored . Such further escalations could be the plan of the elites to introduce marshal law and forbid any demonstrations . What can be seen in Ukraine is an attempt to create a criminal dictatorial rule in order to preserve the power of Yanukovych , as the chances of his political survival or a victory in free and fair elections in 2015 are slipping away . It is a dangerous strategy , which will be futile for three main reasons . First , the civic protest is strong and is spreading to the east and south of Ukraine . Each aggressive move on the side of the regime sparks more and more people on the streets . Independent opinion polls show that 50 % of the population support the protest and 25 % cent are ready to participate in it actively . Second , the charisma of Yanukovych is hardly matching the profile of the dictator . His recent addresses to the nation and pre-recorded closed meetings with Ukrainian media show his lack of confidence and evasion of talking about political crisis . Much less is he ready to face any open rally of his supporters . His popularity levels are at a record low . Even before the start of the protest they were only 14 % , compared to 42 % in 2010 . Finally , Ukraine 's economic model is not viable to support a dictatorship . The macroeconomic situation remains very fragile and the investment climate had deteriorated even before the political crisis . The coffers of the state are drained as illegal raids pushed businesses into a shadow economy . The $ 15 billion infusion from Russia will only help so much and these disbursements will be tied to conditionality , such as state asset sales . Earlier this month the World Bank pointed to endemic corruption , weak governance , limited access to finance and a lack of competition as serious obstacles to growth . All this dooms Yanukovych 's aspirations for a dictatorial rule . He should face the reality of irreversible change and prevent a further escalation . The alternative is an unpredictable collapse of his rule , as the nation will reject a tight grip on freedom and democracy . READ : Clashes turn deadly for first time The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Orysia Lutsevych .	Clashes escalate between protesters and police after controversial new laws adopted Lutsevych : Action could seriously undermine chances for free and fair presidential elections Protests against President Viktor Yanukovych 's policy U-turn away from EU integration Lutsevych : "  What can be seen in Ukraine is an attempt to create dictatorial rule , preserve power of Yanukovych "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Hundreds of people converged on New York 's Union Square Friday for the May Day Immigration Rally , calling for workers ' rights and a path to citizenship for the country 's nearly 12 million undocumented immigrants . New Yorker 's support the rights of undocumented workers on Friday at a May Day rally . The annual event , which began in 2006 , was organized by the May 1st Coalition for Workers and Immigrants Rights . Similar rallies were scheduled across the nation in Boston , Massachusetts ; Detroit , Michigan ; Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ; San Diego , Los Angeles and San Francisco in California , and San Antonio , Texas , according to the group 's Web site . Following rally cries from speakers in both English and Spanish , demonstrators braved a rainstorm and marched approximately two miles to New York 's Federal Plaza . Among the participants was Saul Linares , who emigrated from El Salvador six years ago and works at a Long Island factory making equipment for the U.S. Army . Linares is particularly concerned about children who are American citizens , yet whose illegal immigrant parents have been deported . "  The children are living alone , sometimes with relatives , at churches or with neighbors , " he said . Teresa Gutierrez , a co-coordinator of the event , blames current government policy for the United States ' immigration woes . She said she believes the Clinton administration 's landmark 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement , or NAFTA -- which was meant to promote cross-border growth between the United States and Mexico -- actually had exploitive effects on the Mexican population . "  Immigrants came because of NAFTA . They do n't risk their lives crossing the border because they want to , but because they have to , " she said . A smaller anti-illegal immigration rally assembled across the street , organized by the New Yorkers for Immigration Control and Enforcement . Charles Maron , a New York firefighter and husband of a first generation Pakistani , believes illegal immigrants who commit crimes should be deported . "  Someone who comes , teaches their kids the American way , I support that . " Participants in the May Day rally included people from Latin America , Africa and the Middle East . According to Gregory Jesus Luc , who is producing a documentary about the plight of Haitian immigrants , "  It 's about awareness , letting media and America know that we are immigrants and we are the backbone of this country . "	May Day rally seeks path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants Similar rallies take place in cities across United States Anti-illegal immigration rally in New York draws a smaller crowd
CNN  -- Dinosaur skeletons illegally smuggled in to the United States have been turned over to the Mongolian government in a repatriation ceremony Thursday . U.S. authorities officially turned over 18 dinosaur skeletons -- including a "  nearly complete " Tyrannosaurs Bataar , Saurolophus Angustirostris , and an Oviraptor , a fossilized egg and a "  grave yard " containing the remains of at least five dinosaurs . During the ceremony , U . S. Attorney Preet Bharara and James T. Hayes , Jr. , Special Agent in Charge at the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  returned the historic items to Od Och , Mongolia 's Permanent Representative to the United Nations . "  A recovery of this sort is really without precedent , " said Bharara . "  This is a historic event for the U.S. Attorney 's office as well as a prehistoric event . " On display , was a multicolored egg that looks much like a rock , a large rock containing the remains of multiple Oviraptors , and another rock with two well preserved Gallimimus . The looted fossils are 68 to 80 million years old and originated from the Gobi Desert of Mongolia , which had much more water at the time , said paleontologist Mark Norell during the ceremony . The bones were disassembled into many pieces before being smuggled through customs between 2005 and 2012 , said Hayes . The Department of Homeland Security Investigations seized the skeletons from a commercial paleontologist , Eric Prokopi , who pleaded guilty in 2012 to smuggling and other charges . Prokopi had a "  vast inventory " of historical items in a number of locations under his control , said Hayes . In June , Prokopi was sentenced to three months in jail and one year and three months supervised release on charges related to smuggling , conspiracy , and sale or receipt of stolen goods , according to ICE . Under Mongolian law , dinosaur fossils are property of the Mongolian government and exporting them from the country is a criminal offense . Och expressed his appreciation to the U.S. attorney and the agencies involved in the recovery . "  This can be seen as best practice of international cooperation to fight organized crime , " Och said . The skeletons returned to the Mongolian government are very important , said Norell . "  They are extraordinarily rare . " Prokopi was also at the center of a 2013 investigation that led to the recovery and reparation of a "  nearly complete " skeleton of a Tyrannosaurus bataar to the Mongolian government . Bharara and ICE turned over a skeleton standing 8 feet tall and stretching 24 feet in length after it was illegally smuggled and changed hands several times , including being sold at auction . "  The fossils returned today do not belong in the hands of any private collection or one owner , " said Hayes . "  They belong to the people of Mongolia where they will be displayed in their national museum alongside the Bataar ICS repatriated last year . " As heavy as 14 elephants , as long as 2 tractor trailers : Meet the titanosaur Scientists discover what may be the biggest bird ever to fly Study : Triceratops took a million years to develop horn	Over 18 dinosaur skeletons illegally smuggled to U.S. returned to Mongolian official Skeletons were recovered from commercial paleontologist , Eric Prokopi Recovery made by HSI and ICE is unprecedented , said U.S. Attorney Bharara Prokopi was sentenced to three months in jail for smuggling and other charges
CNN  -- Violence in the United States is not related to illegal Mexican immigrants , but violence in Mexico is connected to vast shipments of weapons from the United States , Mexico 's foreign minister told CNN Thursday . Foreign Minister Patricia Espinosa pointed to efforts by Mexico to stop the flow of weapons , the great majority of which come from the United States . "  Since 2006 , " she said in a wide-ranging interview with CNN 's editorial board in New York City , "  the Mexican government has seized over 85,000 weapons in Mexico . " She noted that it 's not just "  regular weapons , " but also machine guns , grenades and other high-power arms . Robert Pastor , a Latin America national security adviser for President Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s , pointed out last year there were at least 6,600 U.S. gun shops within 100 miles of the Mexican border and more than 90 percent of weapons in Mexico come from the United States . In contrast , Espinosa said , there 's no evidence linking high crime rates with illegal immigration , as some U.S. politicians have contended . The two largest Latino populations in the United States are in the New York City and Los Angeles areas , she said , but both locales have seen a "  dramatic drop in the crime rate . " Government and police statistics show that the crime rate has been decreasing in New York for the past 15 years . Similarly , statistics show that rate for most major crimes in Los Angeles also has fallen in recent years . "  This clearly shows that linking immigration directly with violence is not connected , " Espinosa said . Others make the case , however , that illegal immigration and high crime are strongly linked . Supporters of SB 107 , the controversial Arizona immigration law , parts of which were struck down in federal court in July , used that argument to pass the bill this year . "  Border violence and crime due to illegal immigration are critically important issues to the people of our state , " Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said earlier this year . "  There is no higher priority than protecting the citizens of Arizona . We can not sacrifice our safety to the murderous greed of the drug cartels . We can not stand idly by as drop houses , kidnappings and violence compromise our quality of life . " But statistics from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency and the FBI indicate that both the number of illegal crossers and violent crime have decreased recently . According to the FBI , violent crimes reported in Arizona dropped by nearly 1,500 incidents between 2005 and 2008 . Reported property crimes also fell , from about 287,000 incidents to 279,000 in the same period . These decreases are accentuated by the fact that Arizona 's population grew by 600,000 between 2005 and 2008 . According to the non-partisan Immigration Policy Institute , proponents of the bill "  overlook two salient points : crime rates have already been falling in Arizona for years despite the presence of unauthorized immigrants , and a century 's worth of research has demonstrated that immigrants are less likely to commit crimes or be behind bars than the native-born . " Espinosa also addressed comments by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton earlier this month comparing Mexico 's drug war to an "  insurgency " similar to the problem Colombia faced more than 20 years ago . " -LSB- W -RSB- e face an increasing threat from a well-organized network , -LSB- a -RSB- drug-trafficking threat that is , in some cases , morphing into or making common cause with what we would consider an insurgency , in Mexico and in Central America , " Clinton said at a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations . "  It 's looking more and more like Colombia looked 20 years ago . " Mexican officials , from President Felipe Calderon on down , took exception to that characterization . Espinosa reiterated the point Thursday . "  The realities are very different , " she said . Colombia , she said , was fighting drug-producing and drug-trafficking organizations that also were working with an entrenched Marxist guerrilla movement . "  In Mexico , " she said , "  the situation is very different . In Mexico , we are dealing with very powerful and strong transnational criminal organizations . " Espinosa also addressed the issue of drug cartels spreading south to Central American nations , which seems to have become a bigger problem in recent years . "  The world is becoming smaller every day , " she said , adding that "  transnational organized crime does not recognize any borders . " And while the problem is not particularly new , she said , "  What has changed is the power of these transnational crime organizations . " Espinosa said some governments in Central America have gotten weaker or do n't have the technological capabilities to fight crime , and the drug cartels have taken advantage . "  They have found a place to develop their activities , " she said . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Crime rates have decreased in Latino areas of the U.S. , says Mexico 's foreign minister But large numbers of guns are flowing from the United States to Mexico , she says Some analysts note there are 6,600 U.S. gun shops within 100 miles of the Mexican border
Rome  CNN  -- The Sistine Chapel is ready . The new pope 's clothes are laid out . Now it 's up to the cardinals . The work to elect a successor to retired Pope Benedict XVI begins in earnest Tuesday , with a morning Mass at St. Peter 's Basilica . The service -- open to the public -- will be the last public event featuring the 115 cardinals who will choose the new spiritual leader of the world 's 1.2 billion Roman Catholics . Cardinals taking part in the process will then walk to the Sistine Chapel , chanting prayers as they go , to begin the secret election called the conclave . After that , the only clue the world will have of what is happening inside will be periodic puffs of smoke from a copper chimney installed over the weekend in the Sistine Chapel . Black smoke , no pope . White smoke , success . Rome was abuzz Monday with preparations for the conclave , from the 5,600 journalists the Vatican said had been accredited to cover the event to the red curtains unfurled from the central balcony at St. Peter 's , the spot where the world will meet the new pope once he is elected . Tailors have also completed sets of clothes for the new pope to wear as soon as he is elected . Video released by the Vatican over the weekend showed the installation of a pair of stoves inside the chapel . One is used to burn the cardinals ' ballots after they are cast and the other to send up the smoke signal -- the one that alerts the world that a vote has been taken and whether there 's a new pope . Workers could be seen scaling the roof of the chapel Saturday to install the chimneys that will carry the smoke signals to the world . When we 'll see the first smoke is anyone 's guess . The cardinals will probably vote Tuesday , but they do n't have to , Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi said Monday . If they do , it 's likely the first smoke might be seen around 8 p.m.  3 p.m. ET  , he said . When cardinals elected Benedict in 2005 , the white smoke signaling the decision came about six hours after an earlier , inconclusive vote , he said . It took another 50 minutes for Benedict to dress , pray and finally appear on the balcony of St. Peter 's , he said . The longest conclave held since the turn of the 20th century lasted five days . On Monday , cardinals held the last of several days of meetings to discuss church affairs and get acquainted . Lombardi said 152 cardinals were on hand for the final meeting . Church rules prevent cardinals over the age of 80 from participating in the election of a pope but allow them to attend the "  General Congregations " that precede the vote . On Friday , Cardinal Timothy Dolan of New York , one of about a dozen leading candidates to become pope , said the meetings have focused less on scandals facing the church and more on spiritual matters . "  We cardinals sure are praying a lot , " Dolan wrote . Contrary to media reports , he wrote in a blog post , the focus of the cardinals ' meetings is much the same as it was two millenniums ago , namely : "  How most effectively to present the Person , message , and invitation of Jesus to a world that , while searching for salvation and eternal truth , are also at times doubting , skeptical , too busy , or frustrated . " He said , "  Those are the ` big issues . ' You may find that hard to believe , since the ` word on the street ' is that all we talk about is corruption in the Vatican , sexual abuse , money . Do these topics come up ? Yes ! Do they dominate ? No ! " The scandals came up again Monday when the Vatican Press Office denied conclave accreditation to Italian journalist Gianluigi Nuzzi , who wrote a book about scandals within the Vatican . The book was based partly on documents leaked from Benedict 's personal apartments . Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi told CNN the accreditation had been denied because Nuzzi applied as a documentary filmmaker , not as a journalist . Meanwhile , the Italian press is full of speculation about which cardinal may win enough support from his counterparts to be elected , and what regional alliances are being formed . The United States has 11 of the 115 votes , making it the second largest national bloc after Italy . Sixty of the cardinals are from Europe and 67 were appointed by Benedict , who stepped down at the end of last month , becoming the first pontiff to do so in six centuries . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Richard Allen Greene reported from Rome , and Michael Pearson wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Ed Payne and Hada Messia and journalist Livia Borghese also contributed to this report .	Tuesday 's pre-conclave Mass will be open to the public , the Vatican says Cardinals do not have to vote Tuesday but probably will , a Vatican spokesman says Preparations are largely complete for the secret vote The longest conclave in the 20th century lasted five days
CNN  -- "  Slow and steady wins the race " may be the moral of a children 's tale , but the adage did n't hold up over the weekend in the case of Clark the tortoise vs. California police . The 150-pound tortoise decided to make a break for it in Alhambra , California , on Saturday . But he was no match for local police , who found the creature wandering the streets east of Los Angeles . "  Almost had a pursuit ! " the Alhambra Police Department wrote on its Facebook page . "  It took two officers to take this guy into custody , " they explained -- because of the creature 's weight . Handcuffs , they joked , were n't an option . In short order , police say , Clark was reunited with his family . Locals chimed in on Facebook , most celebrating Clark 's safe return . One woman claimed she saw the tortoise while he was on the lam "  eating grass and leaves and moving at a fast clip . " Others made Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle jokes . But the Alhambra Police Department shut those down , writing that Clark "  did not respond to ` Michelangelo , ' ` Leonardo , ' ` Raphael , ' or ` Donatello . ' " It 's not the first time the police department has taken a walk on the wild side . The department encountered a man riding his horse through town on July 30 . And on August 1 , officers stopped another man who went for an evening jog in the nude . When officers asked the naked man what he was doing , they say , he told them he 'd taken a pill and "  decided to go for a run . " Alhambra Police did not speculate whether drugs played a role in Clark 's decision to lead them on a low-speed chase . Chicago : A man walks into a bar ... with a tiger	Clark , a 150-pound tortoise , was spotted wandering the streets of Alhambra , California Police say it took two officers to corral the tortoise ; handcuffs not an option Clark was returned to his family , leaving cops with lots of material for Facebook jokes
CNN  -- Mark Zuckerberg believes that connectivity is a human right . Or at least that 's how he 's framing his new project , Internet.org , a partnership with leading companies in the smartphone industry to bring Internet access to the developing world . You could be generous and call this enlightened self-interest , but more likely , Internet.org is a canny business move dressed up to sound like charity . In his overly earnest manifesto about the project , Zuckerberg declares , "  For almost ten years , Facebook has been on a mission to make the world more open and connected . For us , that means the entire world  $ " not just the richest , most developed countries . We 've made good progress , and today we connect more than 1.15 billion people through Facebook each month . But as we started thinking about connecting the next 5 billion people , we realized something important : the vast majority of people in the world do n't have any access to the internet . " In other words , how do we help these people become our customers ? Companies that support Internet.org include Ericsson , Mediatek , Opera , Samsung , Nokia and Qualcomm . They make their money building smartphones or the systems and services that help them run . Internet.org has a three-part plan for achieving its goal . 1 . Develop cheaper means of access , specifically low-cost smartphones . 2 . Find data efficiencies that will allow services like Facebook to work with less bandwidth . 3 . Create business models that will incentivize companies of all types to provide cheaper , more plentiful Internet access in the targeted regions . While this outline sounds refreshing , the fact is , Facebook and its partners have been pursuing them quite actively already . Internet.org is simply benevolent branding on what these companies were hard at work doing . Samsung and Nokia , for example , have been pushing their way into developing markets with low-cost smartphones . In terms of data efficiency , Facebook has developed two projects , Facebook Zero and Facebook on Every Phone , which allow the social network to run on feature phones with little bandwidth . These apps have propelled Facebook 's recent growth in Africa and Mexico . New business models have emerged in regions like the Philippines , Mexico and Egypt , where Facebook partnered with handset makers and mobile carriers to preload its services onto phones in exchange for incentivizing upgrades and more expensive data plans . Will Zuckerberg 's new initiative operate differently than these existing ventures ? The name certainly implies so . The . org domain it uses in its name is one of the original top-level domains created specifically for nonprofits . Today , it is also used by academic institutions , open-source and community projects , and the philanthropic parts of for-profit corporations . A number of articles mistakenly referred to Internet.org as a nonprofit . It 's easy to see how they were confused . In the opening lines of his essay about the new project , Zuckerberg writes , "  It may not actually be pro 	Mark Zuckerberg is starting an initiative to bring Internet access to developing world Ben Popper : Internet.org is a canny business move dressed up to sound like charity He says some people have mistakenly assumed the initiative is a nonprofit , but it 's not Popper : Zuckerberg interested in potential growth and profits from emerging markets
CNN  -- Recovery efforts on Alaska 's Mount McKinley were suspended Sunday because of environmental hazards following an avalanche thought to have killed four Japanese climbers , the National Park Service said . The avalanche on the western side of the mountain , America 's highest peak , was first thought to have occurred on Thursday , the parks service said Sunday . However , rangers later confirmed with climber Hitoshi Ogi , who survived the avalanche , and with teams on the mountain that the slide occurred early Wednesday . The section where the avalanche took place is roughly 11,800 feet above sea level , park spokeswoman Maureen McLaughlin said Saturday . The five were traveling on McKinley 's West Buttress as one rope team , although the rope broke during the incident , officials said . One climber , Ogi , survived the incident after he was swept into a mountain crevasse and was able to climb out , sustaining a minor hand injury , officials said . Ogi , 69 , was unable to locate his fellow climbers and descended solo to the Kahiltna Basecamp , where he reported the event , according to the park service . An aerial search took place Thursday , and an initial four-member ground search took place Friday , the park service said . On Saturday , a 10-person crew including rangers , volunteer patrol members , a dog handler and a rescue dog investigated the debris zone left by the avalanche . "  During the search , NPS mountaineering ranger Tucker Chenoweth descended into the same crevasse that the survivor Hitoshi Ogi had fallen into during the avalanche , " the parks service said . "  While probing through the debris roughly 30 meters below the glacier surface , Chenoweth found a broken rope " matching the Japanese team 's rope . He attempted to dig further "  but encountered heavily compacted ice and snow debris , " officials said . "  Due to the danger of ice fall within the crevasse , it was decided to permanently suspend the recovery efforts . " Male climbers Yoshiaki Kato , 64 , and Tamao Suzuki , 63 , and female climbers Masako Suda , 50 , and Michiko Suzuki , 56 , of the Miyagi Workers Alpine Federation expedition are all presumed to have died in the avalanche , the park service said . The climbers , on their registration forms , indicated their experience included climbing peaks in Africa and Asia , but not McKinley , McLaughlin said . Four die on Mount Everest Named after William McKinley , the 25th president of the United States , the mountain 's summit reaches an elevation of 20,320 feet above sea level . The mountain is also known as Denali , an indigenous name meaning "  the high one . " The debris path was about 800 feet long and 200 feet wide , officials said . It was in an area where avalanches are known to occur , but not of this magnitude . There have been six climbing fatalities on Mount McKinley this season , the parks service said . The four Japanese fatalities were the first to occur on the West Buttress route . In May , a climber died after falling more than 1,000 feet down McKinley 's north face . The climber apparently tried to recover a backpack that had started to slide downhill before falling , the park service reported . That fatality was considered McKinley 's first serious incident of the 2012 mountaineering season . Less than a week later , a 36-year-old Finnish mountaineer also died from injuries sustained in a fall during descent . Since 1932 , a total of 120 climbers have died on Mount McKinley , according to the park service . The Japanese consulate in Anchorage has been in contact with the families and assisted in translating conversations with Ogi . CNN 's David Ariosto and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Dangerous conditions prompt a permanent suspension of recovery efforts Four Japanese climbers are presumed to have died in an avalanche The avalanche took place a day earlier than initially thought , officials say
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas called the Holocaust the most heinous crime in modern human history , his office said in a statement Sunday . He called the Holocaust an embodiment of racism , in response to a question by Rabbi Marc Schneier on the eve of Holocaust Remembrance Day , the statement from the Palestine Liberation Organization said . He said Palestinians reject racism and ethnic discrimination , and he called on the world to fight it . "  The Palestinian people , who suffer from injustice , oppression and denied freedom and peace , are the first to demand to lift the injustice and racism that befell other peoples subjected to such crimes , " the statement read . The PLO called on Israel to "  conclude a just and comprehensive peace in the region , based on the two states vision . " Monday is Holocaust Remembrance Day . Ceremonies begin after sundown Sunday . In his 1983 doctoral dissertation , Abbas wrote of "  the Zionist fantasy , the fantastic lie that six million Jews were killed " and said only 890,000 Jews were killed by Nazis -- and that these were chiefly the victims of a Zionist-Nazi plot , the Jerusalem Post reported Sunday . But in 2011 , he said he did "  not deny the Holocaust " and that he had "  heard from the Israelis that there were six million " victims , adding , "  I can accept that , " The New York Times reported . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday that he was struggling to reconcile Abbas ' remarks on the Holocaust with the decision by his Fatah movement last week to seek a unity government with Hamas . Abbas "  ca n't have it both ways , " by calling the Holocaust the most heinous crime in modern history while embracing Hamas , a "  terrorist organization that denies the Holocaust and openly calls for a new extermination of the six million Jews of Israel , " Netanyahu said . Netanyahu said Abbas is likely seeking to carry out "  damage control " with his latest remarks . "  What he 's trying to do is to placate Western public opinion that understands that he delivered a terrible blow to the peace process by embracing these Hamas terrorists , and I think he is trying to wiggle his way out of it . " A tweet Sunday from Netanyahu 's office said Abbas "  is forging a pact with Holocaust deniers . " It included a photo of Abbas smiling alongside Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal . Fatah and Hamas announced Wednesday they will begin discussions to form a unity government . An interim government could be finalized in the next five weeks , with elections possible by early 2015 , Fatah spokesman Fayez Abu Eita said . After the reconciliation was announced , Netanyahu 's office said Israel canceled peace negotiations that were scheduled to take place that night . Israel and the Palestinian Authority face an April 29 deadline to agree on a framework for a comprehensive peace treaty , but the sides appear far apart . Netanyahu : No peace talks if Abbas is backed by Hamas	Netanyahu : Abbas "  ca n't have it both ways " while embracing Hamas In 1983 , Abbas called the death of 6 million Jews a "  Zionist fantasy " and "  fantastic lie " Abbas now calls the Holocaust an embodiment of racism , calls on the world to fight injustice Abbas ' Fatah faction said last week it will seek unity government with Hamas
Last time I was in Seattle I burned down an apartment . It was n't arson ; it was the faulty wiring on a trash-picked lamp . Or , from the look of the hard black puddle that used to be my stereo , a bad wall outlet . I never found out because two days later I left town to wait tables at Yellowstone National Park . As the Space Needle turned into a knitting needle in the rearview mirror of the bus I was riding , I wrote bad poetry and fractured thoughts into my soot-stained journal , including this : "  Seattle is too nice . Better to live here when I 'm older and have a family . I hope Jeff is able to get my deposit back . " That was 19 years ago . I still do n't have a family . Seattle has only gotten nicer . And I 'm happy to report that Jeff , my former apartment manager , was able to get my deposit back . Visiting Seattle again , recently , I felt traces of what I was getting at with the "  too nice " thing . Coming from most places in the United States , the city can feel a bit like visiting a friend 's upper middle class parents ' house while they are away for the weekend . It 's wealthy , its yard is beautiful  verdant , bracketed by two mountain ranges  , it has nice amenities and the fridge is stocked . I think my trash-picking bohemian 18-year-old self was looking for something more edgy and glamorous . * Here 's what "  too nice " ** can mean to a visitor . You wake up on Saturday morning and after securing breakfast at Pike Place Market -- where one can grab coffee , crumpets , full breakfasts with a view , the best scrambled eggs ever or whatever morning vittles you require -- you then have to decide what to do next . A visit to the Olympic Sculpture Park on the edge of downtown ? A stroll through trendy Capitol Hill 's boutique shops , cafes and restaurants ? A ride up the Space Needle or a climb up the brick water tower in Volunteer Park ? Sail Lake Union ? Or trek to one of the city 's vital outer neighborhoods like Fremont , the self-proclaimed Center of the Universe , or Ballard , a Scandinavian fishing village turned hipster retail district ? That 's a lot . Too nice ? Probably not . Too much ? Possibly . Here 's what I did : All of the above . After breakfast I started at the Olympic Sculpture Garden , *** a zig-zag of 20 outdoor sculptures made by the art world all-stars  Calder , Serra , Bourgeois  . It feels kind of like a highbrow miniature golf course . There are mini-ecosystems created to reflect Washington 's biodiversity . A mini-aspen grove , a sloping meadow of grass and wildflowers . There are bright red movable chairs where you can rest and a pedestrian bridge over functioning train tracks . And there 's a water hazard : glorious Puget Sound itself . The garden spills onto beach littered with driftwood and an arsenal of skipping stones . You do n't have to admire the water from the beach . There are scads of boat tours for visitors . But what you should really do is head to the Center for Wooden Boats on the south shore of Lake Union . Imagine a car museum that lets you rent the cars . That 's how Center for Wooden Boats works . It 's also a living workspace filled with volunteers building , repairing and maintaining boats . As you stroll the floating dock and talk with the people there you begin to learn another language . "  Luff " is the forward-most vertical edge of a sail . A "  sloop " is a single fore-and-aft rigged mast and bowsprit . A "  fishing smack " is a boat for fishing . I went on one of Center for Wooden Boats free Sunday sails  They leave at 1:00 and 2:30 , but sign-up begins at 10 a.m. , so get there early .  and met a couple from Oregon celebrating their 40th anniversary . We blew by gaudy power yachts moored to the coast and imagined we were pirates . The sky overhead looked like a pile of oyster shells . There is probably a word for the feeling of being surrounded by water that 's surrounded by a city . I do n't know it . All I know is that I was sad when we had to dock the boat . But I got over it . I went to visit the spot of my old apartment in Capitol Hill . Like many city hills , the top of Capitol Hill is wealthy and older and the neighborhood gets poorer and younger as you move down toward Interstate 5 which separates it from Belltown . Of course , I used to live at the bottom . The year I left , a new coffee shop opened called Bauhaus . It 's now an institution . And the area around it is now all a-bustle . A block away is Melrose Market , a hipster-foodie Valhalla complete with record store , wine bar and sustainable sandwich shop . It was also home to the best meal I had in a city filled with best meals . Sitka & Spruce embodies the gourmet , local in a casual setting that defines much of the city 's food culture . As you climb the hill on Pine Street you begin to see restaurant after shop after bar . The area rivals any other urban trend center in the United States . If you can make it through the gantlet of cocktails and kombucha , you 'll be rewarded by the many treasures of verdant Volunteer Park . Yes , the Space Needle downtown is worth a ride , but the old brick water tower in Volunteer Park gives you something the Space Needle ca n't : a view of the Space Needle . The park also boasts the Seattle Asian Art Museum and a conservatory teeming with flowers . But my favorite spot is Bruce Lee 's grave , just north of the park in Lake View Cemetery . You can find it by looking for the goth kids milling about Bruce 's son Brandon 's grave . He 's buried next to his father . The grave site reminds you of all the cultural figures that at one point called the Emerald City home : Jimi Hendrix , Ray Charles , Quincy Jones , and , yeah , Kurt Cobain . On my last day , I boarded a bus  there is a nifty free smartphone app for Seattle called OneBusAway that pinpoints your location and tells you where the closest bus is and where it will take you  and went to Ballard , a little Scandinavian fishing village that reluctantly became part of Seattle in 1907 . It 's brick . It has an all-day market on Sundays . There are more cute boutiques and restaurants than you can shake an umbrella at . But the best part is the Hiram M. Chittenden Locks , where you can watch as boats are safely transitioned to the different water levels as they move from salt water to fresh water . Below the lock is a fish ladder where you can watch the area 's famous salmon swim upstream on biological autopilot to mate and hatch their eggs . Watch them through huge glass windows as they make . their . way . back . home . to procreate . In Seattle . It might be too nice for a restless East Coast 18-year-old under the influence of Kerouac , but even the salmon know it 's a good place to return and raise a family . Footnotes * Of course Seattle did have an edge to it in the early '90s . Heroin addiction was rampant  the curse of being a Pacific Rim port town at the time  . The closest I came to the city 's drug trade was when I accompanied my co-worker from DeLaurenti , an Italian specialty food store in Pike Place Market , while he bought marijuana from his old friend who "  had n't not had weed since the late '70s . "  There was apparently a "  weed drought " that summer . I was unaware of who we were visiting until I innocently asked our host about the huge new guitar amplifier in his living room . "  Oh that ? They sent it to me for free when they found out we were opening for Pearl Jam , " he said while staring at the 6 o'clock news on TV . "  I was like ` Whatever I 'm not going to be opening for Pearl Jam my whole life . ' " "  What 's the name of your band ? " I asked . "  Mudhoney . " ** Now let 's not get carried away , Seattle is a modern city with all the attendant problems that entails . There is poverty  some say the phrase "  skid row " was invented here  and in particular a high concentration of "  gutter punks . " That is , kids with hoodies , tattoos , dogs and suspiciously good orthodontia who ask for money with a sneer . But even the poverty situation here feels less hopeless than other places . Roger , a homeless guy I split a hot dog with my first night there , told me , "  They take care of their homeless people here . " *** Let the fact that this city recently unveiled an $ 85 million outdoor sculpture garden tell you everything you need to know about the weather . Yes , it rains . But , as every Seattle booster will quickly tell you , not as much per year as New York or even Miami , and the weather is always temperate . Ah , yes , but what about the number of grey days ? Well , it 's not a coincidence that Seattle invented America 's modern coffee addiction and its biggest online  i.e. do n't have to go outside  retailer . But , truly , would you visit Cancun when the sun was n't out ? Or New York when it 's empty ? The weather is part of Seattle 's identity , and I encourage people to visit during the long grey season . Bonus : There are travel deals to be had .	A long-ago Seattle resident returns to the city he deemed "  too nice " at 18 His findings ? A lot to make a thirtysomething happy Outdoor attractions , unique neighborhoods and great food are draws
CNN  -- Tracy McMillan has gotten under my single-status skin . I 'm not sure how it took nearly a week for her Huffington Post column , "  Why You 're Not Married , " to land in front of me , but it finally did . And now I 'm fired up -- not in an angry way but in the sort of way that made me skip to my desk , excited to type . To hear it from the thrice-divorced McMillan , I 'm 41 and not married because of one  or more ?  of six reasons : I 'm a bitch , a slut , a liar , shallow , selfish or not good enough . Wow . Is that all ? Maybe I smell , too . I 'll be the first to admit I 've got issues  c'mon , who does n't ?  , but I 'm not owning these . Perhaps she was talking about why her own marriages failed or was simply setting out to get a rise , which she did brilliantly . And while I 've been guilty of occasional transgressions that might fit in some of those unflattering boxes , McMillan does n't touch why I 'm not married . Based on the buzz surrounding her conversation-starting piece , I 'm laying down and lining up behind reason number seven : Life happens . Before reading on , know that I am not and refuse to be woe-is-me . Like Jennifer Aniston , minus the killer body and bank account , I 'm happy . Really , I am . I skipped to my desk , dammit . Of course I 'd love to meet and marry that one and only , but in the meantime I 'm living my life , and I 'm taking everything that 's been given me on the journey . Maybe , like me , that 's where you are , too . Maybe you spent your adolescence clashing with a stepfather who did n't get you emotionally . And maybe the father who did get you had been relegated by the courts , when you were 2 and your parents divorced , to every-other-weekend access . Maybe your first love cheated on you , just around the time a second divorce rolled through your family . So maybe your faith in men and marriage was a little shaken before you teased your hair for the prom . But that 's nothing some therapy and better hair sense ca n't fix , right ? Maybe you 're a searcher with a healthy dose of wanderlust , someone who needed time to commit to furniture , let alone a man , because there was so much you needed to see , do and become . Maybe you were and still are a hopeful  I refuse to say hopeless  romantic who for years held a candle for the one you thought was The One . He 'd changed your life , after all , when he lured you to Israel  though it could have been Thailand , for all you cared  -- allowing you to claim that Jewish side of yourself you 'd never embraced before . And maybe he slipped and called you his soul mate at one point , a statement you caught and remembered . So even after you read the diary he 'd left out , oops , learned about the Brazilian woman with amazing eyes , broke up and dated others , you still held out hope for him . You stupidly took the crumbs he tossed you from time to time and thought they had meaning . Finally , you got through your thick noggin that the guy just was n't that into you . Hell , he was n't even all that nice to you . You learned he was n't the one who got away . He was the one who got in the way . Then , maybe you met the one who was that into you . He loved and respected you like no man had before . And the dog -- how could you not fall for the man and his dog ? One day , while taking a break from kayaking , when you least expected it , maybe he pulled out a ring and asked you to marry him . Maybe you said yes but then freaked out . You could n't eat dinner , and you love dinner . Maybe you snuck out of the B&B in the middle of the night . You found a pay phone and called your father , with whom you 'd grown profoundly close , sobbing . Maybe you were seized by fear . But everyone around you , including your therapist , said they expected nothing less , given your family history . They even said it would be weird if you did n't freak out . So you were engaged to be married . But maybe after you moved to a new state and settled into engaged life , you still worried . That fear , that inkling that something was missing or wrong , grew stronger . Maybe you became a genius at dodging wedding questions . Maybe you lost countless hours of sleep , watching him and the dog as they slept peacefully , struggling with what you felt . You did n't want to quit the race , but at some point you knew with painful clarity there was a hurdle you two could n't clear . So maybe , out of your love for him and yourself , you handed back the ring and left . Maybe you wished you could share custody of the dog . Maybe , even as you licked those wounds in your pathetic little apartment , you began to appreciate your courage . You learned to trust yourself more . You realized your past did n't define your future ; you did . And then , maybe when you were finally prepared to date again , you woke up a single Jew living in Utah . But being a single Jew in Utah would n't matter , because then life tossed you a doozy that put the pain of a called-off engagement to shame . Maybe you suddenly lost your father . Being emotionally available for someone else was n't something you could even entertain . Now you had an excuse not to date . But maybe you knew that your dad -- not to mention your amazing mom and stepmom , and your now-gentler ex-stepdad -- wanted nothing more than for you to love and be loved . So when you were ready , with a fresh start in a new city , you were excited to put yourself out there again . Maybe you were approaching 40 when you arrived in the South . Maybe you were slapped across the face with the reminder that most people your age are married with children . Maybe you went to a singles event and became convinced you were the oldest one there , so you ducked out early . But maybe you held onto hope and optimism . You sucked up your pride and whipped up an online dating profile . You found out that men in Belgium , as well as men with odd fetishes and offensively bad grammar and spelling , have a thing for you . You received horrifying -- yet hysterical -- notes from suitors that made for great Facebook status updates . Maybe you agreed to go on dates you dreaded because you were determined to have an open mind . Maybe you learned you had good reasons to dread those dates . You wolfed down a nice piece of salmon as one man told you , within the first hour of meeting , that he cheated on his wife , still loves his ex-girlfriend and did n't go to his own father 's funeral . Maybe you thought you should charge him for therapy . But maybe you still believe there 's someone great out there for you . You 're ready , you know you have so much to give , and you look forward to meeting him -- wherever and whenever that might be . And in the meantime , you know you have a lot to be grateful for . Maybe you have a career you love , and through the stories of suffering you hear , you know that if still being single is your biggest problem , you are damn lucky . Sure , you might be a bitch , a slut , a liar , shallow , selfish or not good enough . Maybe , though , you happen to be 41 and single because life , real life with all its complications , has just worked out that way . So far . But , hey , what do I know ? Maybe that 's just me .	Tracy McMillan wrote on Huffington Post why she thinks you 're not married Her reasons touched a nerve for many , including CNN 's unmarried Jessica Ravitz Sometimes life just gets in the way , Ravitz writes
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter said he would step aside as the head of football 's global governing body in 2015 , if he wins the June 1 presidential ballot . Blatter 's announcement came on Tuesday after his opponent , head of the Asian Football Confederation  AFC  Mohamed Bin Hammam , told CNN the time had arrived for a change at the top of world soccer 's power base . Bin Hammam -- a 61-year-old FIFA executive committee member -- confirmed last week he would run against Blatter in the election , the first candidate to do so since Africa 's Issa Hayatou was defeated by the Swiss in 2002 . "  You know very well that I am a candidate for the next four years as FIFA president but these will be the last four years for which I stand , " Blatter , 75 , told a UEFA congress in Paris . Can Bin Hammam change FIFA for the better ? Both men were present at a meeting of European football 's governing body in the French capital as they looked to secure backing ahead of the vote in Zurich . "  FIFA has been under the same presidency for 13 years , " Bin Hammam told CNN . "  Mr Blatter has been heavily involved in the administration of FIFA for 35 years . I believe he has contributed a lot to the development of the game , but as I said , this is a long time . "  It is time for a new direction . A lot of fans today have grown up and they have only known Mr. Blatter as head of FIFA , or head of the administration of FIFA , so I think change is not the wrong thing . " Blatter 's presidential rival vows reform Bin Hammam , who has been at the summit of Asian football since 2002 , also said greater transparency is needed among the game 's decision makers . FIFA became mired in controversy ahead of their decision to award the 2018 and 2022 World Cups to Russia and Qatar respectively , with two executive committee members -- Amos Adamu and Reynald Temarri -- suspended amid allegations of selling votes . "  People would like to see transparency within FIFA , " said Bin Hamman . "  FIFA is always accused of corruption and it is not  corrupt  . What is missing , and lacking , is transparency which over the years we could not provide to the public . " A Qatar native , Bin Hammam also defended the emirates ' conduct during the bidding process for the 2022 tournament . "  Qatar played the game according to the law of the game . People were not happy , but people will not be happy with so many decisions taken by FIFA . "  I do n't think people were happy about Russia winning the right to host 2018 . Now is not the time to cry about something that happened in the past . Let us hope the future is going to be more transparent and more open for the public . " Blatter -- the eighth incumbent of FIFA 's top job -- was this month boosted by the news the 2010 World Cup had made the non-profit organization $ 3.655 billion and said he was not expecting to be challenged in the forthcoming elections . Blatter : 2010 World Cup was a huge financial success However , Bin Hammam announced he would compete for the role of FIFA chief on March 18 and has not spoken with Blatter since . "  Not since I announced I was running , I spoke to him maybe two weeks back . "  I hope Mr. Blatter realizes our game is about competition and there is nothing wrong with competing . I hope we will understand that competition does not mean we are enemies . " Meanwhile , Frenchman Michel Platini has been re-elected unopposed as president of European football 's governing body UEFA on Tuesday . The 55-year-old former European Player of the Year will serve a second mandate of four years , having first been elected in 2007 when he took over from Lennart Johansson .	Sepp Blatter will step down as FIFA president in 2015 , if elected for another term His presidential rival Mohammed Bin Hammam has said it is time for a change Bin Hammam is Blatter 's first election opponent since Issa Hayatou in 2002 The vote for the FIFA presidency will take place in Zurich , Switzerland on June 1
CNN  -- They scream germs : Used gum . A flock of pigeons . A tomb covered with kisses . The Blarney Stone in Ireland received more than 400,000 visitors in 2008 , many who kissed the lucky stone . These bacteria-infested attractions have topped an unusual list compiled by editors at TripAdvisor.com , a travel advice Web site . This summer , editors at the site named the five "  germiest " tourist spots in the world . Despite the H1N1 scare that went global this spring , tourists have n't stopped spitting out their gum and sticking it onto a wall already saturated with millions of gooey pieces , editors say . Nor do germ fears stop travelers from journeying to the pigeon-infested St. Mark 's Square in Venice , Italy , where the birds often bestow droppings . "  These places are great attractions regardless of the fact that they are ` germy ' , " said Brooke Ferencsik , a travel expert at TripAdvisor . "  Venice is lovely , and it 's a great spot , but with all the pigeons , I 'd bring an umbrella just in case the birds drop some gifts from above . " Though it is unlikely to get sick from visiting one of these places , health experts say germs are always a gamble . The more people who touch and visit a spot , the more germs there are in the mix , they say . Their traveling advice ? Travelers should load up on hand sanitizers and wash their hands often on their trips . Blarney Stone in Blarney , Ireland Where the Blarney Stone came from and how it got to Ireland is a matter of debate . One old tale goes : Once upon a time , the king of Ireland saved a woman drowning in Blarney Lake . The woman told the king that if he kissed the stone , he would receive the gift of eloquence . Thus , the tradition of kissing the Blarney stone was born . Watch where you can find germ hotspots " Last year , about 400,000 people kissed the stone , says a spokesman for Blarney Castle & Gardens . To do so , the person must be hung upside down to kiss the rock . Some people prefer watching to smooching . Chuck Gerba , a professor of microbiology at the University of Arizona , visited the Blarney Stone in Ireland last year and refused to kiss the same spot where millions of tourists had put their lips . "  My wife did it , " he added . "  And I wiped her lips before I kissed her . " Market Theater Gum Wall in Seattle , Washington There is a distinct fruity aroma that welcomes visitors when they pass the giant wall of gum housing millions of chewed pieces in Seattle . The gum -- pink , blue , yellow and green -- is piled several inches thick , spanning an area 15 feet high and 50 feet wide . Watch the wall of gum " The Gum Wall , also dubbed the Wall of Gum , is one of the strangest attractions in Pike Place Market , where visitors can go to watch fish throwers and see the original Starbucks . "  People will do artwork with the gum , " said Jay Hitt , the marketing director of the Market Theater . "  They write words on the wall , stick posters and business cards . " The gum-sticking tradition began by accident in 1993 when patrons , mostly college students waiting in line for a show , would stick gum to the wall . Theater company workers say they scraped the gum routinely , but eventually gave up . Slowly the gum amassed . Today , there are n't any rules at the Gum Wall . Visitors from all over the world snap photos next to it and leave as many pieces of their own gum as they want . St. Mark 's Square in Venice , Italy In the heart of Venice , Italy , lies St. Mark 's Square , also known as Piazza San Marco , where both tourists and pigeons flock . Each year , more than 2 million visitors venture to St. Mark 's Square to see the Doge 's Palace and St. Mark 's Basilica . Thousands of the dirty birds crowd the square sometimes leaving their droppings or attacking visitors . Some fearless visitors who are n't worried about germs snap pictures with the birds . But health experts warn that birds are notorious for carrying dangerous germs and viruses . If you want to see the famous pigeons , go soon . In 2007 , city officials have worked hard to remove the pigeons from the square . They have banned people from feeding them and have even started trapping the birds in nets , significantly reducing the pigeon population . Grauman 's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood , California What do George Clooney , Clint Eastwood and Marilyn Monroe have in common ? All three of them are celebrated stars with their hand prints molded into the concrete of the forecourt of Grauman 's Chinese Theatre for millions of people to touch . The sidewalk is littered with 246 celebrity hand and footprints that draw in 4.5 million visitors a year , many of whom put their own hands and feet on them . The site began as an accident in 1927 when Norma Talmadge , a famous actress in the 1920s , stepped into wet cement . Creator and owner of the theater , Sid Grauman , decided to make the hand and footprints a tradition . "  The stars are selected based on the longevity of their career , " said Levi Tinker , a tour guide at the Grauman Theatre . "  Stars who will be around 10 to 20 years from now are picked so people know who they are . " For germ-conscious travelers , Tinker says the concrete is mopped daily and pressure washed once a week . Oscar Wilde 's Tomb in Paris , France It 's an unusual site in the Pre Lachaise Cemetery in Paris . Author and playwright Oscar Wilde 's body rests in a tomb speckled with lipstick marks from visitors from all over the world showing their literary appreciation . Wilde , who died in 1900 from cerebral meningitis , continues to be a celebrated literary figure today famous for his tabooed sexuality at the time and his novels such as "  The Picture of Dorian Gray . " The kisses display a rainbow of colors -- so much so that travel experts say Oscar Wilde 's name on the tomb can be hard to discern sometimes . One TripAdvisor traveler wrote after visiting the grave , "  The tombstone of Oscar Wilde is ... well , wild , excuse the pun . "	More than 400,000 visitors kissed the Blarney Stone in Ireland in 2008 Tourists will try to make artwork with their chewed gum on Seattle 's Gum Wall Oscar Wilde 's tomb in Paris , France is covered with an array of lipstick kisses The Grauman Chinese Theatre that houses celebrity hand prints is washed daily
CNN  -- Ebola is now a big enough concern that the American people deserve some straight answers . And judging from the latest polling , plenty of people will be listening to what they are . On Wednesday , the Pew Research Center reported that more than twice as many Americans were paying attention to Ebola as were paying attention to the midterm elections  36 % to 15 %  . In fact , Ebola placed higher than ISIS and the firing of the Secret Service director in terms of public attention . This is hardly surprising : The public is bound to want to know more about potentially fatal epidemics that seem to come from nowhere and have a high fatality rate . Indeed , Gallup reported Tuesday that one-in-five Americans worry about becoming infected with Ebola . Public fear is only likely to increase when the government seems confused and its story keeps changing . Just look at the early reaction to the spread of the disease . As recently as September 16 , President Barack Obama said at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that : "  I want the American people to know that our experts , here at the CDC and across our government , agree that the chances of an Ebola outbreak here in the United States are extremely low . " The President went on to promise : "  We 've been taking the necessary precautions , including working with countries in West Africa to increase screening at airports so that someone with the virus does n't get on a plane for the United States . " He also characterized the chance of someone with Ebola reaching the United States as an "  unlikely event . " Fast forward less than a month , and someone infected with Ebola came from Liberia , via Brussels , to the United States  and has sadly since died  . Clearly , the system of screening in place failed . During his CDC visit , the President also announced that some 3,000 American service men and women would be dispatched to fight Ebola in West Africa , a region where epidemiologists have estimated there could be between 550,000 and 1.4 million Ebola cases in Sierra Leone and Liberia alone by the end of January 2015 . The experience of U.S. troops in Liberia a decade ago is a reminder of the additional risks American troops face when sent to places where dangerous diseases are widespread ; roughly a quarter of American troops sent to Liberia in 2003 reportedly contracted malaria . Yet the administration seems not to have properly thought through how it will treat members of the U.S. military who might contract Ebola while deployed fighting the epidemic in Africa . Asked Tuesday if the military was stockpiling ZMapp , the experimental treatment for Ebola , Gen. David Rodriguez , head of Africa Command , said the military was not because it had not yet been proven effective . But given Ebola 's extremely high fatality rate , it is hard to imagine there would not be plenty of patients who would at least prefer to be given a chance to try it . Meanwhile , the disease appears to have taken another country by surprise . Reporting on the case of a Spanish health worker who contracted the virus in Sierra Leone , NPR noted that : "  A few months ago , Spanish officials were touting the country 's ability to handle Ebola patients . ... But last night , the tone abruptly changed . " Spanish officials said they had no idea how the aid worker had been infected since "  as far as we know , she was wearing a protective suit the whole time and did n't have any accidental contact " with the patient . So we have screening that did n't exist , a military commitment that is clearly inadequate but may put our troops at risk , and reassurances about suits that may not work . No wonder some U.S. senators are refusing to comment on the Obama administration efforts . As The Blaze reported , "  Sen. Mark Pryor , a second-term Democrat from Arkansas , stumbled badly this week when he admitted he is n't sure whether the Obama administration has done enough to protect Americans from Ebola , because he had n't been briefed lately . " If a U.S. senator does n't have a clue , it is little wonder so many Americans are suspicious that the Obama administration is once again drifting into failure , confusion and misinformation . All this leaves the public with many legitimate questions that need answering : What is the risk to the young men and women we are sending into West Africa ? How many of them will come home infected with Ebola , malaria and a variety of other tropical diseases ? What has to be changed at the National Institutes of Health to invest in new treatments for Ebola and a vaccine for prevention ? What has to be changed at the Food and Drug Administration to fast-track Ebola-related medicines so we can save lives as rapidly as possible ? Can the Centers for Disease Control develop a genuine operational capability to project effective public health assistance into West Africa and bring the epidemic under control in countries with governments too weak to be effective ? Can we develop a screening process for passengers that is reliable and then insist that every person coming out of Ebola-infected areas be screened -- and , if necessary , quarantined ? The American people deserve candid and , most importantly , accurate answers to such questions on what is a potentially deadly and dangerous epidemic . Complete coverage on Ebola	Polls show Ebola of significant interest to Americans , Newt Gingrich says U.S. troops face extra potential dangers in West Africa , such as malaria , Gingrich notes Obama administration has n't properly thought through its Ebola strategy , he says
Washington  CNN  -- A horse is a horse , of course , of course . That is , of course , unless that dancing horse belongs to the famous Romney family . Sports Illustrated Explainer : What 's dressage ? Rafalca , the dressage horse co-owned by Ann Romney , the wife of GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney , competed Thursday and will continue competition on Friday at the London Olympics ; the horse is in 13th place after Thursday 's competition . Ann Romney began riding horses when she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 1998 and has said the sport has helped lessen the symptoms of the inflammatory disease . Horserace turns  almost  literal in London Still , the Romneys ' participation in the pricey prancing pony sport is causing conservatives consternation and liberals laughing fits . Both say the fussy filly is yet more proof that Romney , whose net worth is nearly $ 250 million , is out of touch with average voters . "  It fits into the narrative the Democrats are trying to put forward that he is wealthy and out of touch with the typical America , " said Donald Gross , a political science professor at the University of Kentucky . The liberal group MoveOn.org pokes fun at the elegant equine in a 30-second television spot set to air in the battleground states of Nevada , Ohio and Pennsylvania and supported by a total ad buy of five figures . Looking a dressage horse in the mouth The ad is told from the perspective of the horse . "  My name 's Rafalca , the Romneys ' dressage horse , " the ad begins . MoveOn.org uses a poorly executed English accent as the voice of the Romneys ' horse . "  You might have seen me execute ` leg yields ' and ` flying changes , ' " the ad continues , using terms from the sport of dressage . "  How do I pull off such grace and athleticism while looking so good ? Maybe it 's because the Romneys spend $ 77,000 per year on my upkeep . " The ad comes to a grim conclusion , stating : "  After Mitt Romney repeals health care and ships your jobs overseas , I daresay your life wo n't be nearly as pampered as mine . After all , you 're not one of his horses . " What Romney could learn from dressage In mid-July , the Democratic National Committee briefly used video of the Romneys ' Olympic-bound horse to portray the candidate as "  dancing around the issues , " but later discontinued using Rafalca because it could be seen as offensive to the GOP candidate 's wife . DNC to stop using Romney horse in attack videos Such cheap shots reflect ignorance about the sport , said Stephan Hienzsch , executive director of the United States Dressage Federation . "  It 's a bit misleading that the sport is as expensive or as elitist as people have made it out to be , " Hienzsch said . "  It does n't necessarily reflect on the entire sport . " Still , conservatives are mortified at what they see as the poor political strategy of having a horse participate in something that , according to the United States Dressage Federation , can cost upwards of $ 50,000 to compete at such a high level . "  I 'm not sure why the horse has to be in the most upper-class hoity-toity Olympic event ever invented , " conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer said on Fox News recently . "  It 's unnecessary . " During the campaign , Romney has struggled to shake the image of a disconnected multimillionaire . Comments about NASCAR-owning friends and asides on owning more than one Cadillac certainly do n't help matters , political experts say . Romney calls billionaire football team owners friends In a Quinnipiac University / CBS News/New York Times swing state poll released this week , more than 50 % of voters in the battleground states of Pennsylvania and Ohio said they do not feel Romney "  cares about the needs and problems of people " like themselves . More than 50 % of voters polled in those two states said President Barack Obama cares about their needs and problems . While the candidate and his team are rooting for Team USA , it would n't be a bad thing politically if Rafalca fails to medal , said Larry Sabato , director of the University of Virginia 's Center for Politics . "  This is one of these things where the candidate defers to his spouse even though the entire staff knows it 's a bad idea . You do n't have to be a political strategist to know this was not a good idea , " Sabato said of the horse 's Olympic debut this week . "  This is no Mr. Ed . " Winning a medal will ensure Romney is the butt of horse jokes for weeks to come . With Friday 's dressage competition looming , there 's still time to make political hay out of the matter . "  If I were the Romney campaign I 'd be hoping the Romney horse finishes fourth , " said Norman Ornstein , a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute . "  The audience for dressage is not huge , but if Romney 's horse wins the gold medal that 's a lot of attention . " CNN 's Kevin Liptak and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Ann Romney 's dressage horse made its Olympic debut Thursday Ann Romney began riding horses to help lessen the symptoms of multiple sclerosis A new ad by liberal group MoveOn.org pokes fun at the horse Conservative commentator has suggested Olympic horse was a questionable political move
CNN  -- Manchester United got their Premier League campaign off to a winning start with a 3-0 victory over newly-promoted Newcastle United at Old Trafford . Dimitar Berbatov , Darren Fletcher and Ryan Giggs all got on the scoresheet as Newcastle were reminded of the tough task they face to prevent making an instant return to the Championship . Alex Ferguson 's side rarely looked threatened as they began their quest to regain the title from Chelsea with a confident showing . But it was Newcastle who had the first clear chance of the game as Andy Carroll met Joey Barton 's corner only to head wide from just six yards out . Soon after , Manchester United began to dominate the game as the visitors sank deeper and deeper into their own half . They broke the deadlock on the half hour mark as Argentina midfielder Jonas Gutierrez lost possession and Paul Scholes fed Dimitar Berbatov to power a low shot past Newcastle keeper Steve Harper . Just eight minutes later the home side doubled their advantage due to some sloppy defending from Newcastle . Patrice Evra 's cross from the left was n't dealt with before it ricocheted into the path of Darren Fletcher and the Scotland international had the simple task of turning the ball home from six yards out . Berbatov should have grabbed his second after the break when a neat flick from Rooney put him clear but though his shot beat Harper it rolled the wrong side of the post . Wayne Rooney was taken off after an hour so new Mexican signing Javier Hernandez could get his first taste of Premier League action , as 35-year-old Scholes began to pull the strings . Portugal winger Nani was next to go close as he fired a left foot shot narrowly wide of the far post before Patrice Evra drilled a low cross across the face of goal . Berbatov 's neat footwork allowed him a shot on goal inside the area as the game entered the final ten minutes but Harper saved well with his feet . Ryan Giggs replaced Nani and he grabbed the third on 85 minutes with an angled volley into the far corner from a pinpoint Scholes cross . After the match Ferguson purred over Scholes ' performance . He told Sky Sports : "  He showed that even at his age you do n't lose what you 've got . "  His range of passing and vision was marvellous and he 's still got the passion to play . He and Ryan Giggs are blessed with something special . "  Three points is always important in your first game and I thought we controlled most of it . It was a steady performance . "	Manchester United beat Newcastle United 3-0 in the Premier League Dimitar Berbatov , Darren Fletcher and Ryan Giggs grab the goals Andy Carroll misses a glorious early chance for newly-promoted Newcastle
CNN  -- The building where a gunman killed five people at Northern Illinois University two weeks ago will be demolished , state officials said Wednesday . Police tape and flowers sit outside Cole Hall at Northern Illinois University on Sunday . Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich 's office confirmed that the state will provide the funding for the university to demolish Cole Hall , the site of Steven Kazmierczak 's February 14 rampage . Cole Hall will be replaced by a high-tech classroom building to be named Memorial Hall , the office said . Kazmierczak , of Champaign , Illinois , opened fire on a geology class , shooting 21 people before killing himself . He used a shotgun hidden in a guitar case and three handguns hidden under a coat , NIU Police Chief Donald Grady said . Grady said he did n't know how many shots had been fired , but he said investigators recovered 48 bullet casings and six shotgun shells . About 160 students were registered for the class that met in the large lecture hall . Kevin McEnery said he was in the classroom when the gunman , dressed in a black shirt , dark pants and black hat , burst in carrying a shotgun . "  He just kicked the door open , just started shooting , " McEnery said . "  All I really heard was just people screaming , yelling ` get out . ' ... Close to 30 shots were fired . " Student Zach Seward said , "  We were having lecture as normal , a PowerPoint presentation . All of a sudden , the side door on the stage opens . Average-height male Caucasian comes out , draws a shotgun , pumps it and fires the first round on the first couple of rows . "  After that , everybody ducked down , started screaming , going toward the door . On the way out , I heard shots still being fired . Everybody was screaming and running out of the room . It was chaos . " See map of where the shootings happened " Kazmierczak 's girlfriend told CNN that the 27-year-old had stopped taking an antidepressant three weeks before the shooting . Jessica Baty said Kazmierczak had been taking Xanax , used to treat anxiety , and Ambien , a sleep agent , as well as the antidepressant Prozac . Baty did not say whether Kazmierczak stopped taking Prozac abruptly or whether he consulted with his psychiatrist before doing so . She said Kazmierczak had been taking the antidepressant for obsessive-compulsive tendencies and anxiety caused by school . Baty told CNN that , during their two-year courtship , she had never seen him display violent tendencies , and she expressed bewilderment over the cause of the rampage . "  He was anything but a monster , " Baty said . "  He was probably the nicest , most caring person ever . " "  There were no red flags , " said Grady , the university police chief . "  He was an outstanding student ; he was an awarded student ; he was someone that was revered by the faculty , staff and students alike . ... So we had no indications at all . " NIU President John Peters said the gunman was a former graduate student who had a good record as an undergraduate , receiving a degree in sociology at the school in 2006 . "  There 's no indication that there was any trouble , " Peters said . All the victims were from Illinois . The DeKalb County coroner 's office identified four of them : Daniel Parmenter , 20 , of Westchester ; Catalina Garcia , 20 , of Cicero ; Ryanne Mace , 19 , of Carpentersville ; and Julianna Gehant , 32 , of Meriden . The fifth victim , Gayle Dubowski , 20 , of Carol Stream , died at a hospital in Rockford and was identified by Winnebago County authorities . Read about the victims ' lives " Though authorities said they responded within seconds to the incident , they also vowed to see what might have been done better . "  If there is a way where this tragedy could have been anticipated , or stopped beforehand , we will find it , " said Blagojevich . Northern Illinois University has an enrollment of more than 25,000 . The campus covers 755 acres . E-mail to a friend	Cole Hall , site of shootings , to be replaced by high-tech "  Memorial Hall " Steven Kazmierczak opened fire in geology lecture hall February 14 Kazmierczak shot 21 people , killing five of them , then killed himself , police say Shooter 's girlfriend says he stopped taking antidepressant a few weeks earlier
CNN  Ridiculously cold weather is gripping much of the country , and it 's going to get worse before it gets better . In Chicago , the high temperature Wednesday will be 1 degree Fahrenheit . Yes , that 's the high . And the Dakotas , Minnesota , Wisconsin and Iowa will endure wind chills as low as 40 degrees below zero over the next two days . Even much of the South will be in a deep freeze by Wednesday morning . And folks from Ohio to Maryland can expect 3 to 7 inches of snow Tuesday . As of 12:30 p.m. , 150 flights -- most heading to the East Coast -- were canceled at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago , and passengers at Chicago Midway International Airport were experiencing 20-minute delays and a dozen cancellations , transportation officials said . Affected by winter weather ? Share your images with CNN iReport But not everyone is suffering . In fact , the brutal weather can be a financial boon . Here 's a look at some of the businesses whose sales grow hot when the days get cold : Hardware and grocery stores Some Iowa residents are stocking up on supplies , boosting the bottom lines of area hardware and grocery stores . "  They 're preparing and planning ahead , which is really good so they do n't have to drive out in the streets , " Mark Hayman , owner of Hayman 's West Side Ace Hardware , told CNN affiliate KWQC . He said that sales of snow shovels and salt have doubled and that his staff is ready for the week . "  We have a lot of shovels and salt that we keep in stock year-round , " Hayman told the affiliate . "  We store them in the warehouse and make sure we do n't run out . " North Scott Foods , in Eldridge , is similarly stocked up and ready . A delivery truck that normally arrives Tuesday came earlier this week , ahead of the expected drop in temperature . "  They wanted to make sure the roads were good . We told them , ` good , come a day early ; we 'll need it , ' " assistant manager Jim Speirs told KWQC . Food deliveries For those who do n't stock up in time , never fear . Another type of business that sees its phones ring off the hook when the temperature drops is those specializing in deliveries . Who wants to go out on a cold day and brave the roads when there are others willing to deliver what you need ? Malisha Spencer , manager at Indy All Night , which offers food delivery in Indianapolis nearly 24 hours a day , says business nearly doubles when a heavy cold front comes through . Daytime food delivery orders increase the most , she said . "  Most of our deliveries usually come at night , but when it gets colder , we get them all throughout the day , " Spencer said . Salt sellers Salt : It 's not just for your grandma 's bland casserole . Salt for highway deicing makes up 41 % of total salt sales in the U.S. . So you can imagine that salt sellers are n't as bummed out about the cold as regular Joes . During the snowstorms last year , Minnesota-based Cargill Inc. told The Wall Street Journal that the demand for deicing salt was "  simply unprecedented in recent memory . " Auto repair shops Icy roads mean a big boost in business for auto repair shops . The cold makes cars more susceptible to damage . For example , a bumper that bends or dents in the summer can shatter in the winter , Brad Hamilton , manager of the Collision Center of Dayton , told CNN affiliate WDTN during last year 's cold spell . Plumbers There are lots of things homeowners can do to help avoid frozen pipes when temperatures drop . Michael Dunn , owner of M.T. Dunn Plumbing -- which services the Portland , Oregon , area -- lists some tips on his website . You can leave water dripping slowly from faucets , for example . Or set your home 's thermostat above 55 degrees . But even the best-laid plans can be no match for Mother Nature , which is where plumbers such as Dunn can step in . "  It rarely gets that cold here , but when it does , it gets very hectic , " he said . During a particularly bitter cold snap last year , Dunn remembers getting 227 calls in one night . "  It was a record , " he said . "  It filled up my mailbox . " Winter gear makers The Original Muck Boot Company in Rhode Island counts on the fall and winter for 70 % of its sales . And it 's not the only one . Brooklyn-based Pawz , which makes bright-colored rubber boots for dogs , also see sales peak in the winter . "  It 's seems odd to say this , but the nasty , cold , slushy weather is core to our business . We welcome it , " Sean O'Brien , global director of retail footwear , told CNN Money . CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri contributed to this report .	Wind chills in the upper Midwest will drop as low as 40 degrees below zero Even much of the South will be frozen by Wednesday morning A food delivery service doubles its business when the weather gets this bad
New York  CNN  -- A leading Muslim-American group lashed out at the federal government Friday for moving to seize assets -- including four mosques -- that belong to a foundation and a corporation believed linked to Iran . "  The American Muslim and faith communities must not allow houses of worship to become pawns in geopolitical struggles , " said Imam Mahdi Bray , executive director of the Muslim American Society 's Freedom Foundation . "  The tension between the United States and Iran must not be played out in the mosques of America . " Federal prosecutors say their actions against assets belonging to the Alavi Foundation and the Assa Corp. , which also include a Manhattan skyscraper , are not an effort to target mosques . "  There are no allegations of any wrongdoing on the part of any of these tenants or occupants , " said Yusill Scribner , a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York in a written statement Thursday . "  The tenants and occupants remain free to use the properties as they have before today 's filing . " A senior Justice Department official told reporters that the government is moving against the Iranian landlords of the buildings , not seizing mosques as religious-oriented facilities . The mosques -- in New York , Maryland , California and Texas -- just happen to be among the tenants of the buildings in question , the official said . But the Muslim American Society 's Freedom Foundation called the actions an "  unprecedented encroachment of religious freedom . " The group said "  it is an abiding concern among the American Muslim community that this action is just the beginning of a backlash after last week 's Fort Hood shooting tragedy . " A Muslim-American soldier is accused in a Fort Hood , Texas , shooting spree that left 13 people dead and dozens injured . The Council on American-Islamic Relations , another leading Muslim-American group , issued a statement Thursday saying the government 's actions may have First Amendment implications . "  Whatever the details of the government 's case against the owners of the mosques , as a civil rights organization we are concerned that the seizure of American houses of worship could have a chilling effect on the religious freedom of citizens of all faiths and may send a negative message to Muslims worldwide , " said Ibrahim Hooper , the national communications director for the council . The controversy erupted after prosecutors in New York filed an amended civil complaint seeking forfeiture of all assets of the Alavi Foundation and Assa Corp. . They include properties owned by the foundation in several states . A 36-story office tower in midtown Manhattan is owned by the 650 Fifth Avenue Company , a partnership between Alavi and Assa , the Justice Department said . The complaint alleges that the Alavi Foundation provided services to the Iranian government and transferred money from 650 Fifth Avenue Company to Bank Melli , Iran 's largest state-owned financial entity . U.S. and European Union officials last year designated Bank Melli as a proliferator for supporting Iran 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs and funneling money to the Revolutionary Guard and Quds Force , considered terrorist groups by the United States . Bank Melli issued a statement last year denying involvement in deceptive banking practices . Prosecutors allege the properties at issue were "  involved in and -LSB- were -RSB- the proceeds of money laundering offenses , " and that the owners violated the International Emergency Economic Powers Act , executive orders and U.S. Department of Treasury regulations . "  As today 's complaint alleges in great detail , the Alavi Foundation has effectively been a front for the government of Iran , " Preet Bharara , U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York , said on Thursday . "  For two decades , the Alavi Foundation 's affairs have been directed by various Iranian officials , including Iranian ambassadors to the United Nations , in violation of a series of American laws . The Alavi Foundation 's former president remains under investigation for alleged obstruction of justice , and both the criminal and civil investigations are ongoing . " John Winter , a New York lawyer representing the Alavi Foundation , said his client would challenge the complaint . "  We 're obviously disappointed that the government brought this action because we have been cooperating with the government since this investigation began about a year ago and we intend to litigate this matter , " he said . "  It may take some time , but at the end of this litigation , we 're of the mind that we 're going to prevail here . " The buildings remained open and were continuing to operate as usual . When a CNN reporter arrived at one of the seized mosques -- in Queens , a New York City borough -- he found it to be operating normally . There was a copy of the federal complaint taped to the front door of the building , but the doors were open and people were coming and going . Calls to the Iranian Mission for comment were not immediately returned . A report Friday on the Web site of Iran 's state-run Press TV did not contain any responses from Iranian officials . CNN 's Terry Frieden , Brian Todd , Deb Feyerick , Eddie DeMarche and Ross Levitt contributed to this story .	Group says houses of worship should not be "  pawns in geopolitical struggles " Alavi Foundation , Assa Corp. accused of transferring money to Iran Government seizing assets of Alavi , including four mosques U.S. Attorney : "  Alavi Foundation has effectively been a front for the government of Iran "
CNN  -- ISON , the most closely watched comet in recent years , may be falling apart as it nears its close encounter with the sun . Comets are giant snowballs of frozen gases , rock and dust that can be several miles in diameter . When they get near the sun , they warm up and spew out some of the gas and dirt , creating a tail that can stretch for thousands of miles . Most comets are in the outer part of our solar system . When they get close enough for us to see them , scientists study them for clues about how our solar system formed . When ISON was first discovered , hopes were high that it might become visible to the naked eye , meaning everyone might be able see it , not just those with good telescopes who took the trouble to find it . There was talk it might even rival some of the Great Comets like Halley 's or Hale-Bopp and spread a huge tail across the sky . But some observers on Tuesday reported online that the comet is not nearly as bright as it has been in recent days and that it may be pouring out dust . This could mean the comet 's core , or nucleus , has "  completely disrupted , releasing an enormous volume of dust , " NASA 's Comet ISON Observing Campaign says in its November 25 online update . But other observers say images taken by NASA 's STEREO spacecraft are "  encouraging evidence that the comet still exists , " Padma Yanamandra-Fisher with the ISON campaign told reporters on the campaign 's Facebook page . She added that it 's too early to tell what kind of shape the comet is in , though . "  I believe the next couple of days will be crucial to determine the post-perihelion appearance of the comet , " Yanamandra-Fisher said . Perihelion is the point in an object 's path that is closest to the sun . 5 things to know about Comet ISON Whatever its final fate , she said , ISON has "  provided a wonderful window into the world of comets . The full understanding of this comet and its place in the taxonomy of comets will only come in hindsight . " ISON was discovered in September of 2012 by astronomers Vitali Nevski and Artyom Novichonok using a telescope near Kislovodsk , Russia , that is part of the International Scientific Optical Network  ISON  . ISON -- officially named C/2012 S -- was 585 million miles away at the time . Its amazing journey through the solar system has been chronicled by amateur astronomers and by space telescopes . NASA has even created a toolkit for ISON fans . Confusion about its fate is n't new for ISON watchers . "  From the moment of discovery , ISON has been a confusing , frustrating , dynamic and unpredictable object . In other words , it has been a very typical comet ! " said Karl Battams , an astrophysicist with the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington . The glare of the sun has blocked most ground-based observations , but NASA has a fleet of spacecraft watching as ISON plunges toward the sun . If it has n't already broken up , it will skim about 730,000 miles above its surface on Thanksgiving Day and could put on a sky show in early December when it moves out of the glare of the sun . The comet will make its closest approach to Earth on December 26 , and , no , it wo n't hit us . But for now , we wait to learn ISON 's fate . "  I am excited at marking the progress of this comet that has captivated the world from its discovery and the possibility of it being a Great Comet , " Yanamandra-Fisher told CNN.com . "  I am glad that I was able to be part of its journey . "	Comet ISON may or may not be breaking up Comet could put on spectacular show if it survives ISON is currently flying toward the sun
CNN  Farah fled the civil war in Syria with her husband in the middle of the night , hitching rides on trucks until they finally crossed into Jordan . Two days later , she gave birth to a girl in a country where they hold no status . Like 70,000 other refugees from Syria , Iraq , Sudan and the Palestinian Territories , Farah  her name and the others in this article have been changed to protect their anonymity  now lives with her family in Zarqa , a poor Jordanian city teeming with factories and crumbling apartment blocks . Men dominate public spaces , and many women stay at home , isolated . Two years ago , Farah was a nurse and her husband a lawyer . Here , he found work tiling construction sites , but was arrested three times for working illegally . "  Now my husband stays at home , depressed and afraid of being sent to the camps , " Farah said . She is now the family breadwinner , working at a local organization providing educational programs to Syrian and Jordanian children . Every day she navigates the dangers of Zarqa 's crime-ridden streets and ignores sexual advances from men . Yet Zarqa is also a pocket of hope . Some 384 female refugees working with the Near East Foundation have been able to re-establish savings , restore dignity , strengthen their capacity to bounce back and rebuild their lives . Many of them choose to become earners for the first time . They belong to a network of Jordanian and refugee women -- coaches , mentors and peers -- who lean on each other and offer business and social support , exchange tips and build friendships . Some 80 % of the refugees in this network have chosen to invest in building a small home-based business . Fatiya , who escaped Iraq during the 2003 invasion , was surviving on charity until six months ago . Now she runs her own leather goods home-based business , making belts , wallets and key chains for tourists from the safety of her home . These days , Fatiya is busy rebuilding her life . "  I make my own way , "  she says . Zainab , also an Iraqi refugee , is now a hairdresser in Zarqa . On the side , she teaches the art of hairdressing to young women , walking alongside them in their first steps to become economically independent . On March 8 , we celebrate International Women 's Day and the empowerment of women globally -- including the nearly 6 million refugee women and girls who , like Farah , Fatiya and Zainab , continue to adapt to life in their new surroundings with determination , creativity and skill , despite increasingly limited options . Aid agencies must match the strength of these women 's resilience . To truly assist them , we must empower them with opportunities and choices . Of the 10.5 million refugees registered with UNHCR , the UN 's refugee agency , less than 1 % are eventually resettled . The rest remain in limbo , forced to forge new lives in places where they often have no right to work . Refugees are displaced for an average of 20 years , and more than half disappear into urban sprawls where they struggle to integrate and start their lives over . Humanitarian assistance and media attention tend to fixate on "  immediate " aid -- distribution of cash , food and subsistence items . This is unsustainable . UNHCR provides critical cash assistance to refugees in Jordan -- but this can be as little as $ 71 a month , 16 times below the country 's poverty line . Refugees need to supplement their allowances , yet they can not legally find employment , and working in the informal sector can be dangerous . Farah , Fatiya and Zainab are among hundreds of women who are finding a world of options as they build their vocational skills and financial literacy . But their increased role as earners challenges cultural norms , exposing them to heightened abuse and violence . Women 's ability to generate income does not guarantee economic independence . To help this network of women control the income they earn , the Near East Foundation facilitates discussions with male family members about their wives ' and daughters ' newfound roles . "  In the beginning , these women were tremendously shy -- they did n't talk , " says Hamdan Eliemat , who heads the Bani Hasan Islamic Society , a community organization supporting the women . He laughs . "  And now they wo n't stop talking . And we men , now we have to listen . " The international community must advocate for refugees ' right to survive . We must ensure that beyond immediate aid , women have access to skill-building , financial resources , social networks and protection from violence and harassment , so they have the chance to build their own futures .	Jina Krause-Vilmar : On International Women 's Day , focus on helping refugee women adapt to new lives She says aid agencies like hers aim to help these women build job skills and financial literacy She says the effort includes educating men about wives ' and daughters ' new roles
CNN  Spray from Victoria Falls hits the faces of tourists and locals as they look down at Africa 's most famous waterfall . The water acts as a wake-up call , but this spectacular sight is no dream . Located on the border of Zimbabwe and Zambia , tourists from all over the world arrive to witness the natural wonder . In 2013 alone , over 1.8 million people came to Zimbabwe on holiday according to the Zimbabwe Tourism Authority . That number may sound impressive , but tourism authorities say 2014 will be an even stronger year for the industry . "  Zimbabwe is pumping when it comes to tourism , " says Barbara Murasiranwa from Zimbabwe 's Tourism Council . "  We 've picked up , gotten back to ... where we were in 1999 , and we are even surpassing the figures for 1999 . " Murasiranwa has good reason to be optimistic -- the World Travel & Tourism Council expects tourism to make more money for the country in 2014 than any other year in the past decade . And recent figures also show hotels at Victoria Falls are enjoying solid business -- occupancy rates in the area reached 77.6 % in August , up from 62.6 % in the same period in 2013 . Troubled past But the tourism industry has been through tough times after its heyday in the 1990s . "  It was the land invasions and the violence and the bad publicity that the country received , " says Trevor Lane of the organization Friends of Victoria Falls , explaining the industry 's slump . " -LSB- Zimbabwe -RSB- was perceived as a high risk country after that and tourism virtually stopped overnight . " Shortly after the world welcomed in a new millennium , more than 2,000 white owned farms , of five million hectares , were targeted by the government for resettlement . While authorities insisted the program was sustainable , some white farmers were subject to violence , and lost their property to emboldened groups of black Zimbabweans . Economic meltdown Since then , members of the international community -- including the U.S. Treasury -- has imposed sanctions on Zimbabwe 's president Robert Mugabe and his inner circle . The chronic economic mismanagement that followed saw a period of hyper-inflation , and citizens at some point had to pay 300 billion Zimbabwean dollars for a loaf of bread . According to the World Bank , "  Zimbabwe is in debt distress as total external debt at the end of 2012 remains high at 70 % of GDP . " And these economic hardships hit the tourism sector hard . While over 2.2 million tourists arrived in 1999 , by 2005 that number was 1.5 million . The industry has seen a shaky recovery since then , but the hard times are still fresh in the minds of hotel owners and tour operators . "  Tourism shrank massively , " says Lane . "  A lot of people obviously folded , left town ... the rest of us just managed to survive ... until -LSB- the -RSB- revival started again a couple of years ago . " Improving infrastructure In a move to ensure the troubled days do n't return , Zimbabwean Minister of Tourism and Hospitality Industry , Walter Mzembi , has announced a $ 150 million plan to expand the airport at Victoria Falls . The project , which will be financed with a loan from China EXIM Bank , is boosting confidence amongst local business owners . "  Currently , the ... short runway limits us as to the number of people that can come in on a flight , " explains Jonathan Hudson , the manager of Safari Lodge -- one of the biggest hotels in Victoria Falls . "  The new 4 km  2.5 miles  runway , the new terminal , which will be able to hold up to five wide bodied aircraft , new carousels , increased immigration offices , is going to make a huge difference to us ... With this we can increase the number of seats coming into Zimbabwe on a daily basis . " Looking ahead But , as U.N. data shows tourist numbers worldwide grew by 5 % in the first eight months of 2014 , renewed confidence in the Victoria Falls region is palpable . "  I think Vic Falls is on a goldmine , " says Karen Dewhurst from the cruise company Zambezi Explorer . "  It 's a beautiful location , and people are beginning to hear about it , and with Zimbabwe being much safer ... it 'll definitely pick up . " Trevor Lane from Friends of Victoria Falls , is also optimistic . "  I think the future looks good . I think what we got to be careful of is that we do n't sort of over capitalize ... We do n't want to make it into another Niagara Falls where it 's over commercialized . But I do think that the future here is very bright . " Read this : Island paradise targets more beach-goers Read this : Creating a new Cape Town through design More from Marketplace Africa Monique Todd contributed to this story	The Victoria Falls are located on the border between Zimbabwe and Zambia The World Travel & Tourism Council expects tourism to make more money for Zimbabwe in 2014 than any other year in the past decade Between 1999 and 2005 the tourism sector in Zimbabwe shrunk significantly Renewed confidence in tourism in Zimbabwe is partially due to a $ 150 million plan to expand the airport at Victoria Falls
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- For Olympic swimmer Eric Shanteau , the last two months have been a whirlwind . "  Full of the best moments and the scariest moments of my life , " says the 24-year-old Olympic swimmer . Eric Shanteau said he felt angry when he found out he had testicular cancer . "  Getting to the Olympics was , has always been , my swimming dream since I was 8 or 9 years old . You know , right after I started swimming it was , ' I want to make an Olympic team . That 's where I want to be ' . " In June , a week before the qualifying round of the Olympics he was told he had testicular cancer . "  My initial reaction was probably anger more than anything else , " he says . "  I 'm used to being in control of everything . I 'm in control of how I train , how I race and then to all of a sudden have that control ripped away from me was tough . " After weeks of tests to determine the "  stage " or spread of the cancer , Shanteau 's team of doctors cleared him to compete in the Beijing Olympics , which meant carefully monitoring his tumor but delaying treatment . Though putting off the surgery was controversial to some , Eric says it was an educated choice based on numerous doctor evaluations . "  I hope people understand that if I was in a different position with my test results , then I would n't have put off having surgery . " Dr. Sanjay Gupta reports from Eric Shanteau 's surgery " He swam a personal best in the 200 meter breaststroke . He did not qualify for the finals . Cancer was a motivator , he says , because he knew it meant he could be facing his last competition . He put everything he had into that heat . "  Leave it all in the pool , and I do n't look back and regret anything as far as how I raced . " Once back from Beijing , Shanteau invited CNN to spend time with him the night before his surgery in Atlanta , Georgia . Though admittedly a little scared , he spent the evening relaxing with his family , cooking dinner , walking the dog . A source of inspiration , he says , were fans who shared their stories of beating cancer . "  They send me their story and it helps me to learn that people are going through the same thing I am all over the world , " says Shanteau . "  They all affect me in a different way and it 's been really encouraging to share in this experience with other people . " Testicular cancer is diagnosed in about 1 in 300 men in their lifetime . It is the most common form of cancer for 15 - to 34-year-olds . It is also one of the most curable if discovered early . Nearly 140,000 men in the United States are testicular cancer survivors . Shanteau says he experienced no symptoms of cancer and came across the tumor by chance . "  I 've been in a Speedo half my life , " he says . "  So I am really comfortable with my body . One day I just felt something that was n't suppose to be there . I decided to go and get it checked out . " He adds that although he had the "  greatest excuse in the world " -- an Olympic dream -- to ignore the lump , he understood the importance of early detection . Shanteau 's father Rick , is battling lung cancer and responding well to treatment . "  A lot of guys , if they hear a rattle in their car , they 're at the mechanic the next day , " he says . "  But if they feel something -LSB- physically -RSB- that they do n't think should be there , it takes them a year to get to their doctor and that just is not smart . There 's really no excuse , because it can save your life . " Fast forward to Shanteau 's recent operation at Emory University Hospital . CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta was with Shanteau during the surgery and spoke with the lead surgeon , Dr. Jeff Carney , moments afterward . "  I think the operation went very well , " Carney said . "  Eric 's a very healthy young man , very thin , in excellent shape . That makes my job easy . " Later that week , Shanteau 's pathology results revealed that the operation removed the most of the cancer . "  The majority of it is gone . " he tells CNN . "  There is a small chance it could come back but I should n't need chemotherapy at this point , so I am really optimistic . " His treatment plan is to keep a close eye on his health for the next year with regular medical tests . "  Obviously , it would have been nice if the doctor said , ` You 're completely in the clear , ' but my results are exactly what the doctors expected . " Eric says the cancer diagnosis gave him a different perspective on life . "  I appreciate life much more now , " he says . "  I do n't let myself get upset about the little nitpicky things anymore . Food even seems to taste better . It is really great . " As for Shanteau 's swimming career , he plans to compete in the 2009 World Swimming Championship in Rome , Italy . "  2012 -LSB- the next Olympics -RSB- is a push for me . Right now I 'm just kind of taking it year by year and we 'll see what happens . "	Olympic swimmer Eric Shanteau found out about his cancer in June He delayed treatment so he could compete in the games in Beijing He plans to compete in the 2009 World Swimming Championship in Rome Testicular cancer is diagnosed in about 1 in 300 men in their lifetime
Tokyo  CNN  -- A first attempt to plug a cracked concrete shaft that is leaking highly radioactive water into the ocean off Japan failed Saturday , so officials are now exploring alternatives , spokesmen for Tokyo Electric Power Co. said . Power plant workers had been trying to fill the shaft with fresh concrete , but that did not change the amount of water coming out of the crack , the spokesmen said at a news conference that ran late into the night Saturday . Their "  plan B " is to use polymers to stop the leak , the spokesmen said . A Tokyo Electric expert will visit the site Sunday morning and decide what polymer to use before the work begins . Workers will then break the shaft 's ceiling and insert the polymer in a different spot from where they tried to place the concrete , they said . Water from the 2-meter-deep , concrete-lined basin has been seen escaping into the ocean through a roughly 20-centimeter  8-inch  crack , the company said earlier Saturday . The shaft lies behind the turbine plant of the No. 2 reactor at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , which was heavily damaged in the earthquake and resulting tsunami last month . Radiation levels in the shaft have been measured at more than 1,000 millisieverts per hour , which is more than 330 times the dose an average resident of an industrialized country naturally receives in a year . Radioactivity above the shaft was measured at 250 millisieverts per hour , said Tokyo Electric , the plant 's owner . Tokyo Electric said it is discussing other methods to use should the polymer fail , but it has n't identified what those other methods may be . The discovery of the leak comes after a feverish effort in recent days to explain a sharp spike in contamination in seawater measured just off the plant . Tokyo Electric said the shaft lies next to the water intake for the plant 's steam condenser , at the end of a long channel that has been filling with radioactive water for several days . Officials announced Thursday , based on samples taken the previous afternoon 330 meters  361 yards  off the plant , that seawater showed levels of iodine-131 measuring 4,385 times above the standard and cesium-137 at 527 times beyond normal . Experts say the latter radioactive isotope may be a greater concern because it persists longer , since it takes 30 years to lose half its radiation -- compared to an eight-day half-life for the iodine-131 isotope . While officials know the radioactive water is coming from the cracked pipe , they do n't yet know where it originates . The ratio of the two isotopes in the seawater samples , combined with the discovery of the cracked shaft itself , supports the idea that the radioactivity is coming from the reactor and not the spent fuel pools at the plant , said Gary Was , a professor of nuclear engineering at the University of Michigan . Hunting down the source of the leak inside the reactor , however , is "  exceptionally challenging " because officials must inspect a complicated array of pipes inside the dangerous radioactive environment that now exists within the containment building , said physicist James Acton , an associate in the Nuclear Policy Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . The Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency ordered Tokyo Electric to start testing water farther offshore and to the south , agency official Hidehiko Nishiyama said . The utility has now established monitoring posts 15 kilometers  9.5 miles  off the coast , in a line directly offshore , 10 kilometers south , and 16 kilometers south . Highly radioactive water has also been detected in several reactors ' turbine buildings , nearby tunnels and groundwater in the immediate vicinity . But the area around the No. 2 reactor has been of particular concern , because water in an exposed maintenance tunnel leading from its turbine building showed radiation levels more than 100,000 times above typical levels for nuclear coolants . A two-day project began Saturday to install a camera in that trench to help pinpoint potential leaks , a Tokyo Electric official said . Spraying was also set to continue this weekend of an experimental new material to lock in radioactive material in and around the nuclear complex so that it does n't seep further into the air , water or ground . Crews have dispersed about 2,000 liters  more than 500 gallons  of synthetic resin in a 500-square-meter locale , according to Tokyo Electric . The aim is to hold the released radioactivity on the ground , so it ca n't interfere with the restoration of the cooling systems aimed at preventing the overheating of nuclear fuel rods in reactors and spent fuel pools at the plant . "  You spray it to hold down the loose contamination , and it acts like a super glue , " said Nolan Hertel , a radiation engineering expert at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta . "  You do n't want radioactive materials that are loose to get away . " Meanwhile , Nishiyama said there is a plan to inject nonflammable nitrogen into reactors 1 , 2 and 3 to prevent the risk of another hydrogen explosion like the ones that extensively damaged the unit 1 and 3 housings in the days following the March 11 earthquake and tsunami . A buildup of hydrogen is an early sign of damage to a reactor 's superheated core , but Nishiyama said no alarms had been sounded about rising pressure and that adding nitrogen would not force engineers to release hydrogen from the reactor vessel . The nitrogen injection is only to prevent hydrogen from accumulating , he said . "  If the hydrogen concentration can be kept below about 4 % , then it reduces the risk of an explosion , " explained Was . "  So dilution with nitrogen , which does n't support combustion , makes sense . " The continued injection of tons of water into the reactor cores and spent nuclear fuel pools shows that the race to prevent further explosions or widespread releases of radiation into the atmosphere remains far from over . "  I think the biggest concern here is what 's going on in the reactor cores , " said James Acton , of the Carnegie Endowment . "  Keeping those cores cool is still the single most important task facing the plant operators at the moment . " Jeff Immelt , the chief executive of General Electric Co. , was heading to Japan to meet with Tokyo Electric about stabilizing the damaged reactors , which were designed by GE , company spokeswoman Deidre Latour said Saturday . All these efforts come just more than three weeks after a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami struck northeast Japan , effectively wiping out some communities and leading to the deaths of nearly 12,000 people and leaving more than 15,400 missing , according to Japan 's National Police Agency . The Fukushima Daiichi plant was hit hard in the disaster , especially after its primary and back-up systems to cool nuclear fuel in its six reactors and their respective spent nuclear fuel pools failed . Since then , there has been a multifaceted and at times problematic race to prevent explosions  three took place in the days immediately after March 11  , the overheating of nuclear fuel and the resulting release of radioactive material into the air , soil and water . By Saturday , concerns seem to have abated somewhat about the airborne radiation that led to the ordered evacuation of 78,000 people , with another 62,000 living within 20 to 30 kilometers being told to stay indoors . An official with Tokyo Electric said early Saturday that data from eight new monitoring posts around the plant showed airborne radiation levels had stabilized , at between .390 and .0019 millisieverts per hour . Saturday -- after a stop in Rikuzentakata , in Iwate prefecture -- Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan went to Hironocho , a village in Fukushima prefecture that has served as the operations center for the nuclear crisis effort . The trip , described by the prime minister 's office as aimed at boosting morale among utility company workers and soldiers involved in the effort , put Kan on the edge of the 20-kilometer evacuation zone . "  I appreciate your significant contributions in fighting the invisible enemies in this battle , which will determine the fate of Japan , " Kan said at J-Village , a soccer complex that has become a staging area for the Fukushima Daiichi operation . CNN 's Tsukushi Ikeda , Yoko Wakatsuki , Junko Ogura , Rich Phillips , Midori Nakata and Susan Olson contributed to this report	Efforts to plug the leak with concrete failed Saturday Officials will try again Sunday and use polymer instead Water testing has been ordered further south and offshore Japan 's prime minister personally thanks crisis workers at the staging area
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In what he called a "  defining moment for our nation , " Sen. Barack Obama on Tuesday became the first African-American to head the ticket of a major political party . Sen. Barack Obama on Tuesday told supporters he will be the Democratic nominee . Obama 's steady stream of superdelegate endorsements , combined with the delegates he received from Tuesday 's primaries , put him past the 2,118 threshold , CNN projects . "  Tonight we mark the end of one historic journey with the beginning of another -- a journey that will bring a new and better day to America , " he said . "  Tonight , I can stand before you and say that I will be the Democratic nominee for president of the United States . " Watch Obama say he 'll be the nominee " Obama 's rally was at the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul , Minnesota -- the same arena which will house the 2008 Republican National Convention in September . Speaking in New York , Sen. Hillary Clinton , congratulated Obama for his campaign , but she did not concede the race nor discuss the possibility of running as vice president . "  This has been a long campaign , and I will be making no decisions tonight , " she said . Watch Clinton congratulate Obama " There were reports earlier in the day that she would concede , but her campaign said she was "  absolutely not " prepared to do so . Two New York lawmakers also told CNN on Tuesday that during a conference call Clinton expressed willingness to serve as Obama 's running mate in November . Watch the latest on a possible joint ticket " ' One source told CNN that Clinton told those on the call that if asked by Obama , she would be interested in serving as his running mate . One of the lawmakers said Clinton 's husband , former President Bill Clinton , has been pushing the idea privately for several weeks . The Clinton campaign maintains the New York senator merely said she would do whatever is in the party 's best interest , and that her comments Tuesday are no different than what she has been saying for weeks . Clinton said she would meet with supporters and party leaders in the coming days to determine her next steps . She also asked people to go to her Web site to "  share your thoughts with me and help in any way that you can . " Watch what could be in store in Clinton 's future " CNN has projected that Clinton will win the primary in South Dakota and Obama will take Montana . Those states marked the final contests in the primary season . Obama praised Clinton 's campaign . He has been speaking favorably of the New York senator as his focus has turned toward the general election and his battle against John McCain , the presumptive GOP presidential nominee . "  Sen. Hillary Clinton has made history in this campaign not just because she 's a woman who has done what no woman has done before , but because she 's a leader who inspires millions of Americans with her strength , her courage , and her commitment to the causes that brought us here tonight , " he said . Diving into general election mode , Obama turned his attacks to McCain , saying it 's "  time to turn the page on the policies of the past . " "  While John McCain can legitimately tout moments of independence from his party in the past , such independence has not been the hallmark of his presidential campaign , " he said . "  It 's not change when John McCain decided to stand with George Bush 95 percent of the time , as he did in the Senate last year . " Earlier Tuesday night , McCain portrayed himself as the candidate of "  right change . " "  No matter who wins this election , the direction of this country is going to change dramatically . But the choice is between the right change and the wrong change , between going forward and going backward , " he said in Kenner , Louisiana . CNN 's Candy Crowley , Jim Acosta , Suzanne Malveaux , Paul Steinhauser and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton says she 's not making any decisions tonight NEW : CNN projects Clinton wins South Dakota ; Obama takes Montana Obama passes delegate threshold Clinton tells New York lawmakers she would be Obama 's No. 2
Washington  CNN  -- Arizona 's controversial new immigration law could harm local law enforcement efforts , a delegation of police chiefs from across the country told Attorney General Eric Holder in a closed-door meeting Wednesday . The officials , representing several major cities and a handful of Arizona communities , told Holder the requirement to check the immigration status of many individuals stopped by officers would divert police resources away from crime-fighting efforts and build mistrust between police and the Latino community . They warned that members of immigrant communities could become more reluctant to step forward and talk to police . "  In fact , the majority of us believe -LSB- the Arizona law -RSB- will actually cause crime to increase , " said Chris Burbank , the police chief of Salt Lake City , Utah . A spokesman for Holder said after the meeting that the attorney general had heard the chiefs ' message . "  The attorney general thought the police chiefs raised important concerns about the impact the Arizona law will have on the ability of law enforcement to keep communities safe , " spokesman Matthew Miller said . The chiefs told reporters that Holder gave them no indication of when -- or if -- the federal government would file a legal challenge to the law . Holder said "  there would be a decision coming soon on some of the federal issues associated with this , " said John Harris , police chief for Sahuarita , Arizona . Harris , who heads the Arizona Police Chiefs Association , said law enforcement officials have consistently supported the use of more federal resources -- including National Guard troops -- to clamp down on illegal immigration . President Barack Obama plans to deploy up to 1,200 more National Guard troops to the U.S. border with Mexico , an administration official said Tuesday . In addition , the president will request $ 500 million to supplement current spending for enhanced border protection and law enforcement activities , the official said . "  Any resources at this point are going to be useful , " noted Tucson , Arizona , Police Chief Roberto Villasenor . "  But I do n't want to just treat the symptoms of the problem . " Villasenor said the federal government must act to resolve the illegal immigration problem or face a "  patchwork quilt " of state laws trying to deal with the issue . Arizona 's law allows officers to check the residency status of anyone who is being investigated for a crime or possible legal infraction -- if there is reasonable suspicion the person is an illegal resident . Critics -- including Holder -- have argued the law will promote racial profiling . Representatives of law enforcement groups supporting the law were not included in the delegation that met with Holder . Several Arizona sheriffs and other individual police officers have backed the measure as a necessary step in the face of what has been widely construed as a federal failure to protect the Mexican border . "  Arizona sheriffs are elected officials and that changes your perspective , " noted Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey . Ramsey , who opposes Arizona 's law , said if the measure is upheld by the courts it would be enforced by law enforcement officials , despite any misgivings they might have . Ramsey and other chiefs said they understand the public 's frustration and they recognize the popularity of Arizona 's action in several state legislatures .	NEW : Aide says Holder thinks police chiefs raised important points about Arizona law Police chiefs tell AG Eric Holder that Arizona 's new statute could harm law enforcement efforts The chiefs say the law could make immigrants more reluctant to work with local police Law enforcement officials who back Arizona 's law are n't included in the meeting
CNN  -- Tommy Morrison , a former heavyweight boxing champion who starred in the "  Rocky V " film , died , his former promoter told CNN . He was 44 . Morrison died at an Omaha , Nebraska , hospital Sunday night with his wife at his side , Tony Holden said . Morrison was interviewed by Larry King from Holden 's living room on February 1996 -- the night he announced he had tested positive for HIV . In recent years , he claimed that the HIV test produced a false positive . Holden , who said he spoke with Morrison or his wife several times a week for the past year , would not comment on the cause of his death or the state of his health in recent months . Morrison played the character Tommy "  Machine " Gunn in "  Rocky V , " made in 1990 . It 's one of the series of the popular Rocky films starring Sylvester Stallone , who played boxer Rocky Balboa . Morrison won the World Boxing Organization heavyweight title in 1993 , defeating George Foreman . He also fought and lost to boxing great Lennox Lewis in 1995 . People we lost in 2013	Morrison won the WBO heavyweight title in 1993 He played Tommy "  Machine " Gunn in "  Rocky V " The fighter died in Omaha with his wife by his side
CNN  It 's just secured a whopping $ 8 billion dollar TV deal and now the English Premier League is cleaning up in shirt sponsorship revenue . Driven by a contract with car manufacturer Chevrolet , Manchester United 's $ 70m a year deal is a big part of the EPL 's 36 % rise in shirt sponsorship income on the 2013/2014 season , reports Repucom . Factor in a kit deal with manufacturers like Nike and Adidas and leading clubs can generate over $ 75 million a year from this revenue stream , according to recent data from Forbes . But it not just English clubs that are benefiting from these kind of deals to ensure brands ' names are splashed across the front of their kits . Spain 's Primera Division showed a 30 % rise , Italy 's Serie A was up 21 % , with France 's Ligue 1 and Germany 's Bundesliga experiencing 13 % and nine percent increases respectively . Only the Netherlands ' Eredivisie bucked the trend as its shirt sponsorship income value dropped five percent to $ 47 million as European clubs reaped the benefits of sponsors forking out $ 777m to get their brand on the front of some of the world 's biggest clubs ' kits . "  With investment in 2014/15 growing 20 % over last season , the investment in shirt sponsorship has increased faster than at any time in the last 15 years " said a Repucom spokesman . It 's an investment that 's being fueled by oil-rich Middle East countries , with the United Arab Emirates and Qatar based companies -- Qatar Airway 's logo adorns the front of Spanish club Barcelona 's shirt -- spending $ 181 million this season . While the EPL likes to see itself as the "  best league in the world , " Spain 's Primera Division tops the table for the percentage of income for these deals coming from foreign companies with 86 % of all shirt sponsorship revenue coming from outside Spain . It 's not just airlines and banks -- Standard Chartered 's logo is on the front of Liverpool 's shirts -- that want to be associated with football . Even countries are getting in on the act with oil-rich Azerbaijan 's "  Land of Fire " slogan emblazoned across the front of Spanish champions Atletico Madrid 's shirts . "  We are two traveling companions who embark on a common path that allows them to develop multiple joint actions , " said Atletico president Enrique Cerezo at the time the deal was renewed until the end of this season . "  In just one year , we have been able to project the image of Azerbaijan for the world and promote bilateral relations between our countries . " Not that all kit sponsorship deals arguably work out so harmoniously . Newcastle United 's partnership with payday lender Wonga attracted plenty of negative headlines as the deal sparked protests from fans ' groups and debt campaigners . Wonga 's logo on children 's kits -- including those for two-month-year-olds -- will now be dropped in the 2016-17 season . Looking further afield , American newcomer MLS is also attracting big business with shirt sponsorships totaling $ 55.8 m -- about $ 3m more than the Netherlands ' Eredivisie , which perhaps is another signal of the strengthening of interest in football in the U.S.	The English Premier League sees a 36 % rise in shirt sponsorship income European leagues have profited from a yearly increase of 20 % in shirt deals Even countries sponsor teams with Azerbaijan partnering up with Atletico Madrid
CNN  -- Investigators are trying to determine what led to the fatal mauling of a zoo worker by a tiger in northwest England , police said Saturday . Sarah McClay , 24 , died after being attacked Friday by a Sumatran tiger while working in the big cat enclosure building at the South Lakes Wild Animal Park in Dalton-in-Furness , the Cumbria Constabulary said . The enclosure has various indoor and outdoor compartments connected by lockable doors , police said . Keepers enter various parts of the enclosure to perform duties . "  However , systems are in place  to  ensure that animals and keepers remain apart at all times , " the constabulary said in a statement posted on its website . "  At some stage this has failed and the animal and Sarah came together with tragic consequences . The police are working to establish whether this was a result of human or technical factors . " Zoo owner David S. Gill asked for the public 's support , understanding and prayers in the aftermath . "  The park is a very safe environment and never at any stage were any other public or staff in danger , " Gill posted Saturday on the zoo 's Facebook page . "  We have been given the all clear by the authorities after initial investigations yesterday and we hope you will allow us all to work through this tragic event . " Worker mauled to death at Californian sanctuary by her favorite lion CNN 's Neda Farshbaf and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Sarah McClay , 24 , died after being mauled by a tiger She was working in enclosure when she was attacked Police are trying to determine what exactly happened
CNN  -- The search for an American -- whose wife says he was shot on a lake that straddles the U.S.-Mexican border -- has been suspended , a Mexican official said Friday . David Hartley was reportedly shot to death September 30 by gunmen investigators believe are linked to a Mexican drug gang . At present , there are no Mexican agencies actively searching Falcon Lake for Hartley . But the mother of Tiffany Hartley -- the woman who says her husband was shot -- says she 's "  hopeful that they 'll restart on Monday , " after meeting with Mexican officials on Friday . Cynthia Young , Tiffany 's mother , said said that she , her daughter and Tiffany 's dad met with Mexican and American officials for about 8 hours on Friday . Young would not specify which officials attended the meeting but said the family was told that the Mexican government was "  restrategizing " how it is handling the search for Hartley 's body . Young said that the day mostly entailed Tiffany refiling a witness statement with Mexican officials , recounting what happened on the day she said he was killed . Young said the meeting occurred in McAllen , Texas , where Tiffany and her husband had recently relocated . Earlier in the day , Tamaulipas state attorney general spokesman Ruben Dario Rios explained the decision to halt the search . "  Our investigators have taken a temporary recess so that we can better assess the strategies we are using to find the body . We are currently considering other approaches to our search , " he said . The search was suspended on Thursday . Responding to local reports that it may have been threats of imminent gun battles by the Los Zetas cartel that led to Mexican officials to suspend the search , Dario Rios said , "  Negative . " "  We have no official information of threats on our investigators . " Tiffany 's mother said that "  we 're very disappointed " in the development . "  The longer this goes the less chance there is of finding David , " she said . Tiffany Hartley told authorities the couple was on a sightseeing trip on Falcon Lake , a reservoir on the Rio Grande . She believes the attackers may still have her husband 's body . Dario Rios said earlier Friday taht Tiffany Hartley has not responded to the attorney general 's formal request for more information about the incident . "  We still have not spoken to her , " he said . Young had said her daughter is willing to meet with Mexican authorities on her terms and on U.S. soil , not in Mexico . Tamaulipas state governor Eugenio Hernandez Flores , in Washington for annual meetings on Mexican-U.S. partnerships , was scheduled to meet with FBI officials during his visit Friday to pledge cooperation as authorities look into the matter . He told CNN that Mexican police had deployed dozens of searchers but have found neither a body nor a jet ski . Tiffany said she met with the lead Mexican investigator in the death of her husband days before the police officer was killed and his severed head delivered to authorities in a suitcase . U.S. and Mexican authorities vowed the search for Hartley 's husband would continue despite the investigator 's slaying on Tuesday . "  I met him . He sat right next to me , " Hartley said , referring to Mexican state official Rolando Armando Flores Villegas . Her remarks aired on CNN 's "  American Morning " Thursday . "  We talked through a translator and he just seemed like a really good guy who really wanted to just do good for -- you know , his country , " Hartley said . Hartley said she wonders if the death of the lead Mexican investigator will hamper the search for her husband . "  It definitely makes me worried that nobody is going to want to take over , " she said . On Thursday , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States is doing everything it can to find Hartley and told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " that she is "  sickened " by the case . "  I hope that we can -LSB- find him -RSB- , " said Clinton . "  I mean , the beheaded body of the brave Mexican investigator that just showed up shows what we 're dealing with . " She said the United States is "  supporting local law enforcement , supporting the authorities on the border , doing everything that we know to do to try to assist in helping to find the body and helping to find the perpetrators . " A report issued by a Texas-based think tank suggested Thursday that Hartley 's death may have stemmed from a case of mistaken identity in the ongoing war between two Mexican drug cartels . The Stratfor report , which cites anonymous sources , noted that Hartley worked for an oil and gas company with operations in Reynosa , Mexico . The couple had lived there for two years and had only moved to McAllen within the past few months , the report said . The truck they drove to Falcon Lake on September 30 still had a license plate from Mexico 's Tamaulipas state . The couple drove their personal watercraft to the Old Guerrero area of the lake , which the report said is a "  known battleground in the ongoing war in the Los Zetas and Gulf cartels . " The sources told Stratfor both cartels have been known to conduct surveillance and countersurveillance operations on personal watercraft , so Zetas scouts identified them as possible Gulf spies , because of their license plate and their method and direction of travel on Falcon Lake . They were then apparently confronted by "  Zetas enforcers , " Stratfor said . The sources told Stratfor the attack was unauthorized by senior Los Zetas members and "  a damage control campaign is currently under way ... to identify and eliminate those who engaged the Hartleys without proper authorization . " Protocol involves prompt disposition of a body to ensure no evidence can be brought against the group , the report said . Sources said that "  once Hartley was identified as an American , his body was destroyed the same day as the incident to prevent a backlash from the U.S. government against the group , " Stratfor said . "  With the heavy diplomatic and public pressure on both U.S. and Mexican authorities to find David Hartley 's remains in the investigation , the decapitation of Flores Villegas was a stern signal to both the United States and Mexico that no body will be produced and to leave the situation alone . " Falcon Lake is about 70 miles west of the Hartleys ' home in McAllen . CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Eric Fiegel and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Tiffany Hartley meets with Mexican authorities in Texas Mother is hopeful the search will resume Monday No Mexican agencies are actively searching for David Hartley Hartley 's wife says he was shot on Falcon Lake on September 30
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  Nigeria 's elections have been postponed from next Saturday to March 28 , the country 's election commission announced Saturday . The postponement was due to security concerns , the commission said . The Islamist terror group Boko Haram has increased its attacks against troops and civilians in the weeks leading up to the elections . "  In consideration of the advice by the security agencies , it will be unconscionable to have elections without adequate security , " said elections chairman Attahiru Jega , according to a tweet from the Independent National Electoral Commission . Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan , who is running for re-election , has been criticized for not doing enough to combat Boko Haram . In January , an angry mob pelted his motorcade with rocks while he was visiting northeastern Nigeria . Jonathan a member of the Peoples Democratic Party , faces a formidable challenge from a opposition alliance . The All Progressives Congress called the delay a "  major setback for Nigerian democracy . " " I strongly appeal to all Nigerians to remain calm and desist from violence and any activity which will compound this unfortunate development . We must not fall into this obvious trap , " party chairman John Odigie-Oyegun . "  Change we must . They can only delay it ; No one can stop it . " The announcement comes the same day Benin , Cameroon , Niger , Nigeria and Chad pledged to deploy 8,700 troops , police and civilians , as part of a regional effort to fight Boko Haram . Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , as well as bombing government buildings . The Islamist group has said its aim is to impose a stricter form of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . Recently attacks in Nigeria and in neighboring Cameroon and Chad have increased . Boko Haram attacks Nigerian city in second takeover attempt CNN 's Lillian Leposo and Christian Purefoy reported from Nigeria and Steve Almasy wrote in Atlanta . Journalist Ngala Killian Chimtom contributed to this report .	Nigeria elections delayed six weeks because of violence in northeastern part of country Opposition party calls for calm , says change can not be prevented President Goodluck Jonathan is running for re-election
CNN  Two bodies have been found in the ruins of an Annapolis , Maryland , mansion that burned two days ago , Anne Arundel County fire officials said Wednesday at a press conference . Technology executive Don Pyle , his wife and four grandchildren are feared dead in the fire . Officials said the two bodies have not been identified . For the first time since the fire broke out on Monday , local and federal officials were able to secure the structure and access the foundation of the 16,000-square-foot house . Cadaver dogs led them to the bodies , officials said . Officials would not comment on the age range of the victims found , nor would they discuss where they were located or the possible cause of death . Authorities are treating the house as a crime scene . Officials said this is standard procedure for a case like this and no evidence has been found to indicate suspicious activity . The waterfront house belonged to Pyle , chief operating officer for ScienceLogic , company spokesman Antonio Piraino said . Pyle was believed to have been at home with his wife , Sandy , and four grandchildren . The sheer size of the structure and the fact that three-fourths of the building had collapsed into the basement , with piles of deep-seeded debris still smoldering , compounded the search , Anne Arundel County Fire Capt. Robert Howarth said Tuesday . He is leading the investigation along with a team from the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . "  Your looking at five standard houses put together , " he said Tuesday . "  This is more of a commercial fire than it is a residential fire . There are a lot of businesses that are n't 16,000 square feet . That adds to it . " Pyle had not been heard from on Monday , and his colleagues at ScienceLogic were "  hoping for a miracle , " CNN affiliate WJLA-TV in Washington reported . Heavy equipment was brought in to aid in the search for victims and clues -- a process that could take days . "  We have some very unique challenges with this house , " Howarth said . "  The construction of the house contained a lot of very heavy materials . We 're looking at some steel beams that weigh in the area of 7 tons . " When the first firefighters arrived on the scene early Monday , they received conflicting reports about whether the family may have been out of town . But after interviews with relatives , it was determined that six members of the family were not accounted for , Anne Arundel County fire officials said . "  We still do not have 100 % proof that they 're in this house , " Howarth said . Fire officials said they were alerted to the fire about 3:30 a.m. Monday . About 80 firefighters responded . The ATF national response team responded because the fire was deemed suspicious , Howarth said . The fire department said crews had difficulty knocking down the blaze because the house is secluded , apparently with no fire hydrants on the scene . Photos the fire department posted on Twitter showed hoses stretched for long distances . Capt. Russ Davies , Anne Arundel County fire spokesman , said it took hours for fire department tanker trucks and a fire boat on an adjacent creek to bring the fire under control . Pyle 's company bio described him as a industry veteran who has held multiple CEO positions , with more than 25 years ' experience in information technology infrastructure software and hardware management . Pyle told The Washington Post last year that after holding positions in a family business , he decided to look for an "  industry that was in its infancy and something that would have growth potential . " He started in a sales position in a firm that connected computers over transmission lines , and later sold both hardware and software components for the Internet . Pyle told the newspaper he eventually moved from sales to sales management to general management positions . In 1992 , the company went public and was sold to Cisco Systems five years later for $ 4.2 billion , according to the Post . CNN 's Wes Bruer , Ralph Ellis , Shimon Prokupecz and Lindy Royce contributed to this report	2 bodies found in Annapolis mansion that burned , fire officials said Fire destroyed the 16,000-square-foot house on Monday , a fire official says Technology executive Don Pyle owned the house
OPRAH.com  -- Chris Rock is an Emmy-winning comedian , devoted husband and loving father -- but it 's time to get to know a new side of this funnyman . Meet Chris Rock , hair expert . It 's a detour he took after an innocent carpool ride left Rock with an idea he just could n't shake . "  I was with my daughter one day , and we 're in the car and she 's with one of her friends in the back seat , a little white friend , " he says . "  She was just kind of raving about her friend 's hair a little too much for my comfort -LSB- saying -RSB- : ` You 've got great hair . Oh , your hair 's so good . ' " Not wanting to make her comments a big deal , Rock says he tried to play his them off . " -LSB- I said -RSB- : "  Oh , baby , your hair 's beautiful . Come on , ' " he says . "  If I would have really reacted , then she would have a complex about her hair . " Still , Rock could n't let it go . "  It sparked something in me , " he says . Oprah.com : Oprah 's hair throughout the years ! What Rock discovered is a $ 9 billion industry that affects the daily activities , wallets , self-esteem -- and even the sex lives -- of black women . Because women spend so much time and money on their hair , Rock says men are forced to adopt a hands-off policy . "  You can not touch a black woman 's hair . You are conditioned not to even go there , " he says . "  When I was a dating guy , I dated women from different races . Anytime I was with an Asian or a Puerto Rican girl or a white girl , my hands would constantly be in their hair . Like my hands were thirsty . " One of the first lessons Rock learned on this journey was that women do their hair for one another . "  They say it 's for the men , but it 's really for the women . Because guys do n't care , " he says . "  There 's no point in the history of the world where men were not sleeping with the women in front of them . We take what we can get . " Actress Nia Long , who Rock interviews in the film , agrees . "  There 's always this sort of pressure within the black community like , if you have good hair , you 're prettier or better than the brown-skinned girl that wears the Afro or the dreads or the natural hairstyle , " she says . Oprah.com : Oprah 's stylist reveals his hair secrets Rock found the biggest moneymaker in the hair business to be weaves . Black women can spend six to eight hours getting their hair braided into tiny sections . Stylists then delicately attach tracks of hair -- which can be simple extensions or full wigs -- to the braids . "  If you 've got a weave , your scalp 's like a beat up highway , " Rock jokes . Women who wear weaves stop by the salon for regular washes , conditioning and tightening , but the real expense lies with the hair itself . Rock says he was shocked to learn that regular women spend thousands of dollars on weaves -- and even put them on layaway . "  Janet Jackson spends $ 5,000 to go to the Grammys on her hair . I did n't know Kiki was spending $ 5,000 to go to AT&T and answer the phone , " he says . "  That was disturbing . " Rock discovered the hottest hair on the market is found in India , where human hair is the number two export behind software . "  This is some of the worst poverty in the world , " he says . "  I do n't think -LSB- people -RSB- know they 're walking around with $ 1,000 on their head . " While in India , Rock witnessed a tonsuring ceremony at the Venkateswara Temple . Every year , more than 10 million people cut their hair off as an offering to the Hindu gods . "  In India , hair is considered a vanity , and removing hair is considered an act of self-sacrifice , " he says . "  These people have no idea where their hair is going or how much it 's worth . The money made at this temple is second only to the Vatican . The hair collected here is auctioned off to exporters who distribute it around the planet . " Another staple of the industry is relaxers -- also called "  creamy crack " by some . While women of other races use perms to add curl , black women use them to straighten their hair . "  You name a black woman , any black woman , " Rock says . "  They 've either had their hair relaxed , or they 're having their hair relaxed right now . " The active ingredient in relaxer is a substance called sodium hydroxide . The chemical is so strong it can burn a woman 's hair off -- which is why Rock is urging parents to stop the relaxing addiction now . "  This kiddie perm has to stop , okay ? They should n't have to worry about that till they 're in their teens , " he says . "  Putting those chemicals in that child 's hair is just not cool . " Rock says he tells his own daughters they 're beautiful every moment he can -- and has only one answer when it comes to questions of having good hair . "  Whatever makes you happy is good hair , " he says . "  Do your hair for you , and you will be happy . " Oprah.com : Find the right look for you -- risk free ! From The Oprah Winfrey Show "  2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Chris Rock investigated the black hair industry after daughter admired white hair Says black hair care industry pulls in some $ 9 million a year Biggest moneymaker is hair weaves -- up to $ 5,000 , says Rock He says hair straightening chemicals are too harsh for young children
CNN  -- Two crew members were taken to a hospital after a FedEx cargo plane crashed on landing Tuesday morning at the Lubbock , Texas , airport , officials said . A damaged FedEx ATR-42 lies beside a runway early Tuesday at the Lubbock , Texas , airport . The injuries appeared to be minor , said James Loomis , director of Lubbock Preston Smith International Airport . There was a small fire on the plane , the Federal Aviation Administration and FedEx spokeswoman Sandra Munoz said . Munoz said she was not sure about the extent of the damage . The plane is an ATR-42 twin-turboprop aircraft and landed short of the touchdown zone at 4:37 a.m. CT  5:47 ET  , Loomis said . Munoz said the plane had been traveling from Fort Worth Alliance Airport and skidded off the runway amid light freezing rain . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send photos , video Neither official could immediately say what caused the accident , and Munoz did n't know why parts of the plane caught fire . The plane was operated by Empire Airways , which is under contract with FedEx Corp. , based in Memphis , Tennessee .	Fire reported as plane goes off runway in freezing rain at Lubbock , Texas , airport Two crew members hospitalized with apparently minor injuries , official says ATR-42 twin-turboprop operated by Empire Airways under lease to FedEx
CNN  -- The International Criminal Court on Tuesday acquitted a Congolese man accused of brutal war crimes in 2003 . It is the first such acquittal for the court , which is based in The Hague , Netherlands . Prosecutors accused Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui of responsibility for the 2003 massacre of hundreds of villagers in Bogoro , Democratic Republic of Congo . Witnesses and testimony recounted brutal slayings and rapes against the residents , including women , children and people burned alive in the resource-rich village in the central African nation . He was charged with three counts of crimes against humanity and seven counts of war crimes . The court decided prosecutors failed to present sufficient evidence that Chui had personally led the attacks or ordered child soldiers to carry out war crimes . In a statement , the court said its judgment did not mean it believed no crimes were committed in Bogoro , or even that Chui was necessarily innocent ; only that prosecutors had n't proved their case . Rights advocates criticized the judgment . "  The acquittal of Ngudjolo leaves the victims of Bogoro and other massacres by his forces without justice for their suffering , " said Geraldine Mattioli-Zeltner , the international justice advocacy director for Human Rights Watch . "  The ICC prosecutor needs to strengthen its investigations of those responsible for grave crimes in Ituri , including high-ranking officials in Congo , Rwanda , and Uganda who supported the armed groups fighting there , " she said . Bogoro is in Ituri province . Prosecutors said they may appeal the decision . Chui remains jailed pending a hearing Tuesday afternoon , the court said . The case against Chui is one of five brought by the court involving the conflict in Congo . In the only other case so far concluded by the court , judges in July found Lubanga Dyilo guilty of forcing children to fight and sentenced him to 14 years in prison . The court dismissed charges against one man . The verdict against another , Germain Katanga , is pending , the court said . Two other men , Sylvestre Mudacumura and Bosco Ntaganda , both accused of war crimes , have not been captured , according to the court . Read more : Prosecutor seeks new Congo war crimes warrants Brian Walker and Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Richard Greene in London also contributed to this report .	International Criminal Court acquits Congolese man accused of war crimes The court said its decision does n't mean Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui is necessarily innocent But the court said prosecutors failed to prove their case Human Rights Watch criticized the decision
Robert King still remembers well the dimensions of his cell : 6 x 9 x 12 feet . There was a steel bed and a sink that doubled as a toilet where he would also wash clothes . King spent 29 years in solitary confinement in Louisiana . He has been free since 2001 , but still has difficulty with geographical orientation . "  I get confused as to where I am , where I should be , " he said . King joined researchers and legal experts at the American Association for the Advancement of Science annual meeting in Chicago this month to talk about the mental and physical health consequences of solitary confinement . "  The widespread consensus among mental health professionals is that solitary confinement , for the overall majority of mentally ill prisoners , places them at severe risk of additional harm , " said Craig Haney , director of the program in legal studies at the University of California , Santa Cruz . The talk was timely . This week , New York state agreed to several changes that would limit the use of solitary confinement for disciplining some groups of inmates , including those under 18 or pregnant women . The agreement stemmed from a class-action lawsuit . The New York State Department of Corrections provided to CNN a statement from its acting commissioner , which read in part : "  These are important reforms that will make the disciplinary practices in New York 's prisons more humane , and ultimately , our state 's criminal justice system more fair and progressive , while maintaining safety and security . " A department spokesperson said no statement was available on the general use of solitary confinement . A brief history of solitary confinement There are about 80,000 people being held in some sort of solitary-type confinement in the United States , Haney said . Prisoners in solitary confinement tend to be restricted to cells of 80 square feet , not much larger than a king-size bed , Haney said . Sleeping , eating and defecating all take place inside that space . For exercise , prisoners in solitary confinement often get a short time in a cage rather than an outdoor yard -- perhaps one hour per day . Haney , who has studied prisons and punishment for more than four decades , estimates that about one-third of people in solitary confinement in this country are mentally ill , although some prison systems do not permit mentally ill inmates to be placed in solitary confinement . Solitary confinement was used broadly in the 19th century , but the punishment was then largely abandoned because of the view that "  it was doing more harm than good , " Haney said . Correctional practice began to reincorporate solitary confinement in the late 1970s and 80s , as prisons began to get overcrowded , Haney said . He believes prison systems turned to solitary confinement as a short-term solution to controlling disruptive or violent behavior , lacking the resources to provide positive incentives or programming . But overcrowding in prisons turned out to be permanent and mostly increased each year . Prison systems continued to struggle over what to do to resolve conflicts or stop violence or disruption in the institutions . They put more prisoners in solitary confinement and left them there for longer periods of time , Haney said . "  I think the cost of solitary confinement is now being critically examined and rethought , and prison systems are beginning to ask themselves whether this is worth it , and whether or not it does not create more harm than good , " he said . "  Courts are pushing them to consider the inhumanity of the practice , as well . " ` Prison was n't in me ' King noticed six months into his time in solitary confinement that his eyesight significantly worsened -- he thinks because his eyes had become acclimated to such short distances in his cell . Over time , he retrained his eyes so that he would not be so nearsighted , he said . Eye problems are not uncommon in these circumstances . In fact , Jules Lobel , professor at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law , said there is a swath of cataract surgeries at Pelican Bay Prison in California . Lobel represents more than 1,000 prisoners at Pelican Bay in a lawsuit alleging that keeping prisoners in such conditions -- isolated in small , windowless cells with no physical contact or phone calls -- violates the Constitution and international law because it is "  cruel and inhumane . " King , who was freed when his conviction was overturned 13 years ago , said his mental health suffered , too , but he knew others were faring worse and he was determined to not let that happen to himself . "  I was depressed every day I was in prison , " he said . "  I wanted to get out . I was in prison , convicted for a crime I did n't commit . Of course I was depressed . " Initially , food was served to him on a tray under the door to his cell ; sometimes the tray was flung onto the floor with its contents spilled . King said he and other inmates filed a redress and went on hunger strikes until they negotiated that holes would be cut in bars to serve the food in a more sanitary way . He said he and others also filed a lawsuit so that the prison would give them the opportunity for outdoor exercise . King could talk to other prisoners through the walls or by sliding notes . "  What helped me weather the storm was : I was in prison , but prison was n't in me , " he said . What it 's like Solitary confinement has been associated with many different physical and psychological ills . "  When isolated prisoners are asked , they point to anger , hatred , bitterness , boredom , stress , loss of the sense of reality , suicidal thoughts , trouble sleeping , impaired concentration , confusion , depression , and hallucinations , " writes Peter Scharff Smith of the Danish Institute for Human Rights in an essay published by University of Chicago Press . Several studies point to headaches , heart palpitations , increased pulse and oversensitivity to stimuli as symptoms of isolated prisoners , Scharff Smith wrote , as well as dizziness , loss of appetite and weight loss . Most studies on the topic have found depression and anxiety among isolated inmates , Scharff Smith wrote . A study on the New York City jail system published this month in the American Journal of Public Health found that those who had been in solitary confinement at least once had a higher likelihood of self-harm . Haney said identity disorders have also been found among isolated prisoners because of the loss of contact with the social world . "  People have to structure their lives around the absence of other human beings , " he said . "  They -LSB- prisoners in solitary confinement -RSB- go for years on end without touching anyone with affection . " Typically people released from solitary confinement do n't get much help transitioning out of it , he said . Some systems parole prisoners directly out of their isolated cells . Lobel argued at the AAAS conference that social interaction and sensory stimulation form a basic human need , as supported by science . Research has shown people outside of prison who are socially isolated also have a higher risk of heart attacks , hypertension , concentration and memory problems , he said . "  We 're trying to integrate law and science in this , " he said . Solitary confinement and the brain There are n't any direct brain-imaging studies of people who are in solitary confinement because of access issues , Huda Akil , a neuroscientist at the University of Michigan , said at the AAAS conference . But available studies on similar situations suggest significant brain changes could be occurring . Positive experiences , including social interaction , have positive impacts on the brain , such as the activation of molecules called growth factors , which are akin to fertilizers for brain cells , helping them regrow and interact . "  Depriving people of that is physically depriving the brain from its nourishment , " she said . Without any social interaction , some people hallucinate or become explosive in their emotions , she said . An absence of sunlight and being out of sync with the daily rhythm could produce negative effects by itself , she said . Several studies on shift workers have found associations with various medical conditions . Severe depression has profound impacts on the brain ; autopsies have shown that "  the orchestration of brain and activity of genes in their brains is messed up " in such patients , she said . It 's a vicious cycle : You feel bad , that produces stress , stress hurts the brain , and that makes you feel bad , Akil said . Chronic depression and stress have been associated with a shrinking of the hippocampus , a seahorse-shaped brain area critical for memory , spatial recognition and controlling one 's emotions , Akil said . Studies have shown that the longer the depression goes untreated , the more the hippocampus shrinks . "  When Robert -LSB- King -RSB- tells you that he gets disoriented physically , I can tell him that people who are chronically depressed have a shrunken hippocampus , and that that affects your ability to orient in space , in 3D , " she said . King told CNN after the conference that this brain atrophy could be what is happening to him . "  The brain somehow wo n't register things , and it wo n't register exactly where I am , " he said . The Angola 3 King was one of three inmates known as the "  Angola 3 " who protested what they said were injustices at the Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola . The three spent decades isolated in cells for 23 hours a day . The other two , Herman Wallace and Albert Woodfox , were convicted in the 1972 killing of a guard at the Angola prison . Wallace died just days after being released from prison in October 2013 at age 71 . "  His legacy will endure through a civil lawsuit that he filed jointly with his fellow Angola 3 members , Albert Woodfox and Robert King , " Rep. John Conyers Jr. , D-Michigan , said in October . "  That lawsuit seeks to define and abolish long-term solitary confinement as cruel and unusual punishment . " Former ` Angola 3 ' inmate dies days after release Woodfox remains in prison , where he has been in solitary confinement for more than 41 years . Amnesty International USA has called for his release . King was convicted in 1973 of killing a fellow inmate , although he believes he was "  being punished for being a member of the Black Panther Party . " He was transferred to Angola weeks after the security guard was killed , but was investigated as a possible conspirator in the slaying . Today , King serves as an adviser to Solitary Watch , an online project devoted to news , firsthand accounts and research and reporting on solitary confinement . He has also campaigned for the release of the other two members of the "  Angola 3 . " King writes on his website : "  I may be free from Angola , but Angola will never be free of me . "	About 80,000 people in the U.S. are being held in solitary-type confinement New York state agreed to limit solitary confinement for some prisoners Study showed solitary prisoners had higher likelihood of self-harm
Financial Times  -- The government of a remote province in western China says it is investigating Coca-Cola over allegations that it illegally mapped parts of the province , as China and the US engage in an escalating war of words over cyber espionage . The Yunnan Geographical Information Bureau of Surveying and Mapping said the US drinks company had been "  illegally collecting classified information with handheld GPS equipment " , according to a Yunnan government website . Coca-Cola said it had "  co-operated fully " with the inquiry , adding that local bottling plants use "  e-map and location-based customer logistics systems that are commercially available in China " to improve customer service and fuel efficiency . "  These customer logistics systems are broadly used for commercial application across many industries in China and worldwide , " the company said . The Yunnan government said the Coca-Cola case was one of 21 instances of alleged illegal surveying under investigation in the area , which also included others ' illegal sales of classified military maps online , aerial photography by unmanned aircraft , and illegal surveying of military bases . The bureau gave no further details of the Coca-Cola investigation , but a bureau official who gave his surname as Han said the investigation would end soon . "  We will announce the results when it ends , " he told the Financial Times in an interview . "  It is a bit sensitive . I do n't know how it got published , " he added . China National Radio broadcast an interview with Li Mingde , the deputy director of the Yunnan bureau involved in investigating Coke , who said it was "  urgent " to punish cases of illegal mapping . "  Some people are profiting from collecting information , including providing it to some foreign intelligence agencies , " he said , noting that when the Chinese embassy in Belgrade was bombed by the US in 1999 , the US blamed it on an inaccurate map . "  Mapping information can be used by enemies . So it must be restricted , " he said . Coke declined to respond to his comments . Beijing and Washington have recently ratcheted up their mutual accusations about cyberspying , with the White House on Monday calling on China to take "  serious steps " to stop extensive hacking of US companies and start negotiating international rules for behaviour in cyberspace . The comments in the New York Times and other leading newspapers followed reports of Chinese hacking , as well as high-profile research from US cybersecurity company Mandiant which for the first time linked extensive cyberattacks on US businesses to a specific unit of the Chinese military in Shanghai . A recent New York Times report on hacking by the military unit said Coca-Cola had itself been a target . Yang Jiechi , China 's foreign minister , has rejected allegations of Chinese military involvement in hacking . "  Anyone who tries to fabricate or piece together a sensational story to serve their political motive will not be able to blacken the name of others or whitewash themselves , " he said at the weekend . Additional reporting by Gu Yu in Beijing and Yan Zhang in Shanghai  The Financial Times Limited 2013	A local Chinese government has accused Coca-Cola of illegally mapping parts of Yunnan province The claims are part of a war of words between China and the US over cyber espionage
CNN  -- A Chicago police officer was shot and killed Wednesday afternoon during a struggle with a suspect in a police facility parking lot , police said . Officer Thor Soderberg was walking to his vehicle in the parking lot at 61st and Racine on the city 's South Side , after completing a shift with the department 's Operation Protect Youth program , when he encountered the offender , said James Jackson , assistant superintendent of police operations . "  The 24-year-old suspect disarmed the officer and then shot him , " Jackson said at a news conference Wednesday night . The department believes the suspect then was involved in an armed robbery a short distance away from the shooting , where he fired additional shots , said Jackson . "  Several officers quickly responded and there was an exchange of gunfire with the offender . The suspect was shot . His injuries are non-life threatening , " said Jackson . The suspect was in stable condition at Advocate Christ Hospital in Oak Lawn , according to a police spokesman . Soderberg was 43 years old and an 11-year veteran of the department , said Jackson . He was most recently assigned to the department 's education and training division .	NEW : Chicago police identify officer killed in struggle Shooting occurred in police facility parking lot Suspect shot in gun battle with responding officers Suspect hospitalized with non-life threatening injuries
Beijing , China  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama huddled with the Chinese premier Wednesday on the final day of his visit to China . Obama 's meeting with Prime Minister Wen Jiabao took place at the Diaoyutai State Guest House , continuing a theme of cooperation between the two nations and development of mutual interests . The men greeted each other in public before meeting privately . The White House hailed this week 's meetings between Obama and Chinese leaders . "  President Obama 's visit to China has demonstrated the depth and breadth of the global and other challenges where US-China cooperation is critical , " a White House statement said Wednesday . "  His discussions with President Hu have strengthened possibilities for future cooperation . "  In order to continue to develop this important relationship , President Obama has invited President Hu to visit the United States in 2010 . President Hu has accepted with pleasure . " During his final hours in China , Obama visited the Great Wall before flying to South Korea , where he will meet with President Lee Myung-bak . Obama described the Great Wall as "  spectacular , " as a bone-chilling wind whipped around him . "  It gives you a perspective on a lot of day to day things that do n't amount to much . " Asked if the harsh weather reminded him of his home town , Chicago , he said , "  It does feel the same does n't it ? " His day began with a series of short interviews with American television networks . Wednesday 's session with Wen follows Obama 's meeting a day earlier with Chinese President Hu Jintao , with the two speaking of a common vision of shared responsibilities and economic opportunities after their talks . Trade , nuclear proliferation and the sticky issue of human rights were part of their discussions . The two leaders "  talked about continuing to build a positive , cooperative and comprehensive relationship between our nations , " according to Obama , who said he welcomes China 's desire for a greater role in world affairs . "  China and the United States share extensive common interests and broad prospects for cooperation on a series of major issues important to mankind 's peace and stability and development , " Hu said , naming the economy , climate change and cultural exchanges among those issues . On economic and trade issues , Hu called for Beijing and Washington to build a positive relationship in the 21st century , to build a partnership . "  Our two countries need to oppose and reject protectionism and all its manifestations , " Hu said . Sentiment favoring protectionism has grown in the United States , as hundreds of billions of dollars in Chinese products pour in each year . Some analysts say the Chinese goods are artificially cheap and come at the expense of American jobs . The issue of human rights has often been a sticking point between Beijing and Washington . China regularly cracks down on its religious and ethnic minorities . Though Hu said China was willing to discuss issues such as human rights and religion to broaden understanding between the nations , he acknowledged that each side had agreed to respect the other 's cultural sovereignty . In addition , China and the United States , the largest producers of greenhouse gases , have agreed to team up to fight climate change and create clean energy . Hu and Obama said their nations will cooperate to advance technologies and work toward a global agreement on reducing carbon emissions . The leaders did not offer a timeframe , however .	U.S. President Barack Obama meets Chinese premier on final day of his visit to China Obama visited the Great Wall before flying to South Korea U.S. , China agree to team up to fight climate change , create clean energy "  China and the United States share extensive common interests , " Hu says
CNN  -- Children play with a worn-out badminton set . Families sip traditional Indian tea known as chai from silver-colored cups and chat as the sun sets in a rose-colored sky . Goats bleat in the distance , water buffaloes chew on hay and the cackles of crows ring through the air . Welcome to the village of Chevuru , in southeast India , not far from the Bay of Bengal . Here , lush green rice paddies ring concrete homes in various stages of construction . I came here with 15 colleagues to help these villagers , who are among some of India 's poorest and most disadvantaged people . We came to help build safe and solid concrete and brick homes for them . The villagers are Dalits -- once known as untouchables -- and they still suffer from discrimination . This group of 90 families live in thatched-roof huts that are prone to leaks and have mud floors that wash away . Some of their children attend a "  school " that is a small outdoor space in front of a church . Many only have the clothes on their backs for daily wear . Ravi Kumar , head of the Association of Relief Volunteers  which partners with American nongovernmental organization Longitude , the group we used to volunteer in India  and our leader on this project , told us that giving the villagers these homes would not only physically improve their lives but it would also boost their morale -- endowing them with a new sense of pride and helping them to dream of a brighter future . Despite their tough lives -- many of the village men can only get work a few months a year on the rice paddies -- the villagers were enthusiastic , generous and hard-working . We worked under humid skies and sunny days , sometimes in more than 40-degree Celsius  104 degrees Fahrenheit  temperatures . We carted cement , sifted materials , mixed cement , plastered walls -- and one day we worked together as a group to plaster a roof . It was back-breaking work , and watching the villagers tirelessly do it inspired me to do as much as I physically could , though we had to drink copious amounts of water and eat a lot of food . I became known as the "  after lunch napper , " frazzled by the morning 's duties . As we worked side by side with the villagers , we got to know them and their friends . One family I spent a lot of time with was building their home to accommodate four generations : their parents , their children and their grandchild . Their names were Ramadu  the grandfather  , his son-in-law Krishna and his daughter , Buji . Krishna and Buji 's eldest daughter had polio , which led to her legs being amputated . The couple help raise their daughter 's grandchild , a 5-year-old boy named Siy , who has a clever smile and always seemed ready to test the commands of his grandparents . I visited them in their hut , where they lived in a space that seemed to measure about 10 feet by 10 feet . I knew the new home -- at a cost of just $ 1,500 -- would dramatically change their lives . Despite the difficulty of their situation , they kept telling our project leader Kumar that I was working too hard and needed to rest . They always brought us superb chai tea to drink with them . But all I wanted was to help them and all the others as much as possible while we were there to get the house done . I think we did a good job : Though the homes were unfinished when we left after two weeks of work , noticeable progress had been made . Most importantly , we felt the townspeople 's spirits were lifted . During our time , we met many families and played games with the children . We asked them what they wanted to be when they grew up . One of my colleagues brought bubbles  which were very popular  , while others brought clothes , pens and pencils , and sports equipment . Kumar said the villagers benefited by meeting people from outside their world , getting to speak English and exchange ideas . But the benefits were definitely mutual : We got to learn about them , too , their lives , goals and interests . These villagers have so many needs : proper schooling , health care , hygiene , clothing , mosquito nets  which only cost $ 5  and , of course , housing . But I saw that given the right tools and opportunity , the people of Chevuru were quite capable of accomplishing what they set out to do . On our last night , the villagers threw us a party and we danced together in the new saris and kurtas they had given us . We all left wondering what we could do next to help them and discussed plans for future work in Chevuru .	A group of 16 volunteers from Turner Broadcasting goes to India to help build houses The people of Chevuru , India , are some of the poorest people in the country Helping the families was so rewarding for Miranda Leitsinger that she is planning a return trip
CNN  -- A liberal Democratic congressman who came under fire for a lewd photo that briefly appeared on his Twitter account over the weekend told CNN Wednesday that he did not post the image . Democratic Rep. Anthony Weiner spoke to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer a day after a contentious exchange with reporters in which he refused to directly answer any questions about the picture . On Wednesday he said he had hired a law firm to look into the matter . But he declined to directly answer whether he appeared in the photo . "  Photos can be manipulated . Photos can be of one thing and changed to something else . We 're going to try to get to the bottom of what happened , " he said . The photo showed the lower body of a man wearing underwear . A conservative blogger who broke the story has called for a full investigation of what he said was either the hacking of a congressman 's account or something Weiner wants to hide . But Weiner told CNN he did not think such steps are necessary to deal with what he said was internet spam , an issue that many Americans face . "  Just because it happened to Congressman Weiner on his personal account does n't mean that the taxpayers should pay for an investigation , " he said . "  I 'm going to turn it over to some people who are going to give me advice on what to do next . "  This seems like it was a prank to make fun of my name , the name Weiner . It happens a lot , " he added . Asked whether he was protecting anyone , Weiner replied , "  Yes , I 'm protecting my wife , who every day is waking up to these insane stories that are getting so far from reality . You know , we 've been married less than a year . " He also declined to say what he had written in direct messages to Twitter followers . "  I 'm not going to get into how I communicate with people on social media . There was nothing ... inappropriate , " he said . An e-mail that Twitter sent to members of Congress Wednesday lists several online security tips , according to a copy of the e-mail CNN obtained . The message does not specifically mention the photo posted on Weiner 's page , but notes that questions about account security have surged recently . "  Some of you inquired today about the security of Twitter accounts , " Twitter 's Adam Sharp wrote . "  While we wo n't comment on individual accounts , news reports of the past few days are a good reminder of the importance of actively protecting your account credentials . " Weiner on Tuesday told reporters he was n't interested in talking about the issue any more , saying he already made statements over the Memorial Day weekend after the photo turned up on his Twitter account Friday night . In a heated exchange with reporters , he repeatedly dodged direct questions about the photo . "  If I were giving a speech to 45,000 people , and someone in the back threw a pie or yelled out an insult , I would not spend the next two hours of my speech responding to that pie or that insult . I would return to the things that I want to talk about , " Weiner said in response to a question about whether he sent the lewd photo to a Seattle woman . He also refused to say why he has n't asked law enforcement to investigate if in fact his account was hacked , as he has said it was . Despite repeated efforts by reporters , Weiner did not directly answer questions about the photo . In earlier comments , when asked if the photo was of him , Weiner deflected the question . "  I 'm not going to talk about this anymore , " he said , adding : "  I 'm going to get back to the conversation I care about , " including economic issues and what he calls a conflict-of-interest situation involving conservative Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas on the health care reform law . The New York Democrat is a leading liberal voice in Congress . Asked several questions about the Twitter situation Tuesday , Weiner stuck to his message . "  I understand you 're doing your job , but I 'm going to go back to work now , " Weiner said at one point . When asked if he was concerned about being hacked , he responded : "  I 'm going to return to working on the things I care about . I participated in the story a couple of days now , given comments on it . This is a distraction and I 'm not going to let it distract me . " When a reporter noted the distraction might go away if he answered the questions , Weiner answered : "  I 'm not convinced of that . "  I 'm not convinced there 's any value of me talking about it , " Weiner said . Asked again if he was the man in the photo , Weiner responded again that he had made previous statements and now it was time for him to get back to work . On Wednesday , Weiner told CNN that he regretted "  the way that I handled it yesterday and I 'm trying to do a better job today . " Previously , Weiner blamed the photo on a hacker who got control of his social-networking accounts and played a prank . Weiner 's spokesman , Dave Arnold , said Monday the congressman has retained an attorney to look into the situation . No formal criminal investigation has been launched , which rankles Andrew Breitbart , whose conservative website biggovernment.com first reported the photo on Weiner 's Twitter account in connection with a tweet to a Seattle woman . Breitbart , who has been involved in questionable tactics against Democrats and liberals in the past , told CNN on Tuesday that the case warrants further investigation . "  There 's something fundamentally different between a prank and a hack -- a prank is innocuous , a hack is criminal , " Breitbart said , later adding he wanted a full investigation by the FBI and Capitol Police . However , CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Tuesday he believed the situation was a harmless prank unworthy of further investigation . "  Twitter is not a very secure environment , " Toobin said , noting that information on the site can be unreliable "  and does n't even come from the people it appears to come from . " He added : "  There 's a famous expression -- do n't make a federal case out of it . " CNN 's Kate Bolduan , Dana Bash and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this story .	NEW : Twitter e-mails members of Congress about account security Weiner says he did not post a lewd photo and has hired a firm to investigate On Tuesday he had a heated exchange with reporters A conservative blogger who broke the story wants an investigation
Devecser , Hungary  CNN  -- Rescue workers searched Wednesday for six elderly people missing at Kolontar , one of three villages in southwest Hungary that was hit Monday by a wave of toxic red sludge from an alumina plant reservoir that burst . Wearing chemical protection suits , the workers used metal sticks to poke through muck three-feet deep  1 meter  for the presumed victims , reported MTI , Hungary 's official news agency . At least 116 people were injured , eight of them seriously , when the mishap occurred Monday afternoon , the agency said . Most of them were flown to hospitals in the capital , Budapest . The reservoir has been repaired and the flow from the pool has halted . But the material that flowed out of the reservoir continued to pose a threat . On Wednesday , more than 500 National Disaster Management Authority staffers and soldiers and employees of Hungarian Aluminum Production and Trade Company  MAL  , the company that owns the alumina plant 's reservoir , were trying to halt the advance of the sludge before it reaches the Danube River 's tributaries , said Jeno Lasztovicza , head of the defense committee , according to MTI . The sludge had already reached the Marcal River , which flows into the River Raba , which empties into the Danube . It was expected to show up in the Danube as soon as this weekend , said Imre Szakacs , head of Gyor-Moson-Sopron County 's defense authority , MTI said . Emergency workers were pouring plaster and fertilizers into the Marcal River in hopes that it would bind with the sludge and counter its alkalinity before it reached the Danube , the continent 's second-longest river , some 70 km  43 miles  north , reported MTI . But the material will have been neutralized by the time it reaches the Raba , Interior Minister Sandor Pinter told reporters . Untreated , the sludge contains heavy metals , which cause burns and eye irritation , he said . Four people -- two children ages 1 and 3 , an elderly woman and a 35-year-old man whose SUV overturned in the sludge -- have been confirmed dead in the environmental disaster , which occurred 160 km  99 miles  west of Budapest , near the town of Ajka . Residents were advised not to eat produce from gardens that were covered when the dam burst , releasing at least 1 million cubic meters of thick red mud . It was not clear when residents evacuated from affected areas in the villages of Kolontar , Devecser and Somlovasarhely would be able to return home , nor were the long-term consequences clear . A state of emergency has been declared in three counties , the State Secretariat of Governmental Communications said . In a statement on its website , MAL said it "  offers its honest condolences to the relatives of all of the victims who lost their lives in the catastrophe . " CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this story .	4 people dead , 6 missing , 116 injured in southwest Hungary Workers use metal sticks to poke for more victims Flow may reach the Danube River
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Anti-whaling activist Peter Bethune testified in a trial Monday that he had no intention of hurting anyone when he protested Japan 's whale hunt . The New Zealand activist from the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society , standing trial in Tokyo District Court , said that he believed bottles of butyric acid he threw at the Shonan Maru 2 whaling ship were non-toxic and would not harm anyone . Bethune faces five charges , including assault against whalers and trespassing into a whaling vessel . He pleaded guilty last week to all charges but assault . If convicted , Bethune faces a maximum of 15 years behind bars . At Monday 's hearing he tearfully described the January collision between the Shonan Maru 2 and the Sea Shepherd 's multi-million-dollar speedboat , the Ady Gil . The crash sunk the Ady Gil , which Bethune captained . Weeks later , Bethune jumped aboard the Shonan Maru 2 and attempted to make a citizen 's arrest of the captain . He was arrested and brought back to Japan to face criminal charges . In court last week , Bethune admitted to all the charges , except for assault . "  I admit that I boarded the Shonan Maru , but I believe that I have good reason to do so , " he said . "  I admit that I fired the butyric acid , but there were additional circumstances that we will discuss in court . " Prosecutors say the butyric acid burned two crew members of the Japanese whaling fleet , but Sea Shepherd calls it a harmless , albeit rancid , liquid . Butyric acid is found in rancid butter and vomit . Bethune 's case is the first time a Sea Shepherd activist has been tried in a Japanese criminal court in the group 's long-running battle with Japan 's whalers in the icy waters of the Antarctic . Japan annually hunts whales in the Antarctic , despite a worldwide moratorium on whaling , under the loophole that a country may legally do so if its purpose is scientific research . Sea Shepherd has claimed the science argument is a sham , noting that the whale meat then gets sold in Japanese markets and served in restaurants . A verdict is expected June 10 . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	Anti-whaling activist facing charges of assault , trespassing Peter Bethune says he did not intend to harm anyone Bethune admits he threw butyric acid at Japanese whaling ship Activists were protesting Japan 's whale-hunting practices
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A needle is inside the body of Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo , traveling along his veins and poking at his organs . This piercing imagery is used by the pro-democracy activist in his poem "  June Fourth in My Body " dedicated to the year 2009 -- the same year he was sentenced to 11 years in prison for inciting subversion of state power . Prior to his arrest , Liu would write a poem every year around June 4 to commemorate the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown in Beijing and those who lost their lives . "  He is really forcing himself to look at this in order that other people do n't forget , because it has been such a publicly erased moment in history in China , " says fellow poet Jeffrey Yang , who is based in the U.S. Liu was a fervent participant of the 1989 pro-democracy movement . He occupied Tiananmen Square , led hunger strikes , drafted public opinion polls and lobbied foreigners to donate toward the movement . On June 4 , 1989 , tanks entered the streets around Tiananmen Square and opened fire on demonstrators . Liu escaped relatively unscathed . Imprisonment Two days after the crackdown , Liu was arrested and imprisoned for nearly 20 months . This was the first of many prison sentences that Liu would serve for speaking out against the Chinese leadership . Liu is currently serving his sentence and could not be reached . It is unclear whether he is able to continue his annual tradition of composing a poem to remember those who died on June 4 , 1989 . However , his works between 1990 and 2009 have been compiled into the anthology "  June Fourth Elegies , " published in 2012 . Yang translated the collection into English . "  June Fourth in My Body " is the last entry in the collection and it particularly stands out for Yang . "  The very last poem in the collection is just heart breaking , " he says . The poem likens the tragic crackdown to a rusting but still piercing needle that has been left inside the activist 's body . "  June 4 was a life-changing and defining date for Liu . Besides , he has been struggling with feelings of guilt as a survivor of the incident , " says Teng Biao , founder of the rights group China Against Death Penalty . Ending one-party rule Teng , a well-known human rights lawyer , advised Liu in the drafting of Charter 08 , a pro-democracy manifesto that called for an end to one-party rule . The document ultimately led to Liu 's 2008 arrest and eventual sentencing in December 2009 . In 2010 , Liu was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize while imprisoned . To mark the 25th anniversary of the June 4 massacre , we asked Teng to recite the first three stanzas of the moving poem in a recording  see above  , and Yang to recite his English version . Translator Yang adds that : "  The collection is an annual return to the same event , over and over again . Sometimes he 's in prison , sometimes he 's at a bar , at other times he 's at home , but the one thing that is striking is that as the years pass , the emotional content is still very much alive through his work . "	Jailed activist Liu Xiaobo was a participant of the 1989 pro-democracy movement Every year , Liu writes an elegy for the martyrs of the Tiananmen Square massacre "  June Fourth in My Body " was dedicated to the year 2009 , the same year Liu was given an 11-year sentence Friend and fellow activist Teng Biao recites an extract from the moving poem
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- Malian authorities have found a mass grave containing 21 bodies thought to be soldiers killed while a junta chief was in power after a 2012 military coup , a Ministry of Defense spokeswoman said Wednesday . Investigators found the bodies in a grave close to a military camp in the village of Diago , just north of Bamako , spokeswoman Alasane Diarra said . Last week , Gen. Amadou Sanogo , who led the March 2012 coup , was arrested , charged with complicity in kidnapping . A failed counter-coup shortly after he seized power pitted two army factions against each other : the green berets loyal to Sanogo and the red berets loyal to ousted President Amadou Toumani Toure . "  At the military camp in Diago , there were both green berets and red berets soldiers . We do not know which group the soldiers in the grave belonged to , " Diarra said . Investigations into alleged kidnapping and killings after the military takeover that plunged the West African country into chaos have been ongoing since April 30 , 2012 . "  The investigators have been working on the case since April , so just after the coup . They have known about the grave for a while , but when they finally went there and opened the grave , there were more bodies than they previously thought , " Diarra said . The bodies are all male and from different ethnic groups , she said . As the bodies are removed from the grave , forensic investigators will start the process of identifying the men . "  Families of soldiers who disappeared during the coup will be asked to come and identify their family members , " Diarra said .	The bodies are thought to be those of soldiers , a Ministry of Defense spokeswoman says They are believed to have been killed after Mali 's March 2012 coup Investigators will seek to identify the men as they are removed from the mass grave Coup leader Amadou Sanogo has been arrested , accused of complicity in kidnapping
CNN  -- Transit officials in San Francisco reopened all downtown subway stations Monday evening after successively opening and closing them to stem the threat of spreading protests . "  All BART Stations are Now Open , Trains Running On Time , " said a release from Bay Area Rapid Transit . The situation was fluid most of the evening , with officials trying to thwart demonstrators , closing and reopening the Civic Center and Montgomery stations , closing the Powell station , then at least partially reopening Powell to allow riders to disembark . Police officers in response gear stood at the Civic Center station , with one officer on a megaphone telling people , "  This is your final warning , the station is closed . " On the streets , small groups of protesters could be seen gathering to criticize BART after several shootings involving its police officers -- the latest coming last month and resulting in the death of 45-year-old Charles Hill . Meanwhile , an official with the system stood by the decision to shut off cell phone service ahead of a protest last week . The decision Thursday to "  temporarily interrupt ... service at select BART stations as one of many tactics to ensure the safety of everyone on the platform " drew widespread criticism and stirred the well-known hacking group Anonymous to stage an "  operation " Sunday . The group urged those supporting its cause to attend a "  peaceful protest " at 5 p.m. Monday at the system 's Civic Center stop . "  What we 're going to do is take the appropriate steps within the Constitution , " he said . "  There are more constitutional rights than just free speech . There is the right to be safe . " Last week 's protest never materialized . But the decision to cut cell service elicited fresh condemnations from civil liberty organizations , the San Francisco Chronicle 's editorial page and others . "  All over the world people are using mobile devices to organize protests against repressive regimes , and we rightly criticize governments that respond by shutting down cell service , calling their actions anti-democratic and a violation of the rights to free expression and assembly , " Rebecca Farmer from the ACLU 's northern California office wrote on the advocacy group 's website . "  Are we really willing to tolerate the same silencing of protest here in the United States ? " Online messages attributed to Anonymous took credit for the apparent hacking Sunday of myBART.org , a link off BART 's website that showed a page featuring , among other items , the hacking group 's logo -- a smirking mask above two crossed swords , all on a black background . In addition , Twitter traffic related to Anonymous boasted that hackers had been able to get into BART 's internal network . Several related items and documents were posted , including one claiming to be "  the User Info Database of MyBart.gov . " This had e-mails and , in some cases , phone numbers and addresses of hundreds of people . "  By  cutting cell service  , you have not only threatened your citizens ' safety , you have also performed an act of censorship , " a seemingly computer-generated voice -- speaking over dramatic music and images -- said in a video posted online Sunday afternoon . "  By doing this , you have angered Anonymous . " The Federal Communications Commission is collecting information on the matter , with agency spokesman Neil Grace saying Monday by e-mail that "  any time communications services are interrupted , we seek to assess the situation . " "  We ... will be taking steps to hear from stakeholders about the important issues those actions raised , including protecting public safety and ensuring the availability of communications networks , " said Grace . Yet on Monday , Johnson emphatically stood by BART 's move , made on the same day British Prime Minister David Cameron proposed a crackdown on social media to quell riots . "  We made a gut-wrenching decision that was forced upon us by the protesters , " Johnson said . "  They made us choose between people 's ability to use their mobile phones  and  their constitutional right to get from point A to point B. " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Trains are now running normally , BART says A BART official says the system was "  forced " to act to protect passengers ' safety Citing "  important issues , " a spokesman says the FCC is probing cutting cell service The Bay Area Rapid Transit system 's action last week drew criticism , stirred an online attack
Editor 's Note : The FBI had three openings on its list of the Ten Most Wanted Fugitives . Monday night , FBI Assistant Director Kevin Perkins joined CNN 's Rick Sanchez exclusively on "  Campbell Brown " to announce who filled the first open spot . Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to "  Campbell Brown " over the next two nights to find out who else will fill the slots . Officials say Joe Saenz is thought to be linked with Mexican drug cartels . CNN  -- Joe Saenz rubbed his hands together and smiled as he walked up to a Los Angeles County , California , home . His demeanor gave no clues as to what would happen next . Once in the front yard of the home , police said , he drew a gun and shot the victim several times , then in the head , execution-style . The slaying , caught on tape in October 2008 , was over drug money , police said . Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department Detective Traci Gonzales knew there were drug and gang ties to the slaying , so she showed the videotape to Los Angeles Police Department Detective Ron Chavarria , a veteran on the gang beat . Watch why Saenz made the list " At the time , Gonzales had no idea that videotape would break open a case that has frustrated local and federal authorities for a decade . Saenz had eluded authorities for so long , they thought he might be dead . Now , they knew Saenz , wanted in connection with four murders , a kidnapping and a rape , was still out there . Saenz is the newest person on the FBI 's Most Wanted List , after three fugitives on the list were recently caught . A member of the Cuatro Flats gang , Saenz first stepped into police crosshairs in 1998 . He was wanted for shooting and killing two rival gang members at a housing complex in the Hollenbeck area of Los Angeles . Then , he was a fresh-faced 22-year-old with a dark side . "  Just gruesome , gruesome , cold-blooded , " Chavarria said . "  Just walks right up to these guys , shoots them and then just walks over and stands over them and shoots them each in the head and casually walks away . " They knew he was dangerous , and they had to find him . "  We had pictures of him constantly on our dashboard so that there was no question if we saw this guy we knew who he was , " Chavarria said . Within days , Saenz -- also known as Jose Saenz , Louie Louie and more than two dozen other aliases -- was wanted for a third murder . Investigators said Saenz suspected the mother of his child , Sigreta Hernandez , would turn him in , so he kidnapped , raped and murdered her at his grandmother 's house . "  He leaves a note indicating that his grandmother has nothing to do with the murder and that he left the scene . And from that point on he became a fugitive for the next 10 years , " Gonzales said . FBI Special Agent Scott Garriola believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking -- crossing the border with falsified documents . "  He 's believed to be linked with the cartels in Mexico , bringing large amounts of narcotics into the Los Angeles area , Garriola said . "  And I think the reason for the last crime was a direct relationship to the cartels . " He 's eluded police for years , and has reportedly made statements that he plans to kill a police officer if they ever find him and arrest him , according to the FBI 's Most Wanted Web site . Now , authorities are hoping the video from October 2008 will help them get one step closer to the man who they say terrifies those who know him just as much as his victims . "  We heard rumors that not only citizens were afraid of him , but also his own gang members were afraid of him , " Chavarria said . The chilling video , Chavarria said , shows why Saenz is so dangerous . "  It looks like he really enjoys what he does , he enjoys killing people , " he said .	Joe Saenz wanted in connection with four murders , a kidnapping and a rape Saenz , a member of Cuatro Flats gang , reportedly kills man on video FBI believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking Saenz allegedly killed mother of his child out of fear she 'd turn him in
CNN  -- This latest film from master filmmaker Pedro Almodvar will be both familiar to his fans and viewed as a departure . While it boasts a couple of his regular cast of performers  including Antonio Banderas for the first time in 21 years  it is not an original story  as most of his work is  and is instead adapted by the director and his frequent collaborator , brother Augustin , and based on a novel "  Mygale "  "  Tarantula " in the UK  by Thierry Jonquet . It 's also significantly darker in tone , more subtle , wholly unsentimental and rather more brutal than we 're used to getting from Almodvar . World famous plastic surgeon Robert Ledgard  Banderas  lives in an isolated compound called El Cigarral , a magnificent mansion shut off from the world by trees , a wall and gates . In the compound 's laboratory Robert is experimenting on a new kind of skin , one developed through the gene therapy called transgenesis , an ethically-challenged procedure that has been banned by Robert 's superiors . Using pig cells , Robert has developed a new kind of human skin that can resist disease , fire and puncture but still transmits other sensations , like human touch . He 's achieved this by experimenting on humans , in strict violation of every ethical standard and contrary to the instructions of his medical superiors . One of these human subjects , a young and beautiful woman named Vera  Elena Anaya , "  Talk To Her "  , is his captive in the mansion and is Robert 's latest guinea pig . Vera lives in a sealed room . Her meals and other materials are delivered via dumbwaiter and her only contact with another person is when Robert is transplanting skin on to her or when he enters her room at night to give her some opium to smoke . Robert lives with a caretaker , Marilia  Marisa Paredes , "  All About My Mother , " "  Talk To Her "  , who is his willing accomplice in this macabre medical experiment and acts as a mother figure to him . She makes meals for Vera and is the only other person with whom she has any contact . Marilia also dotes on Robert , whose tireless albeit creepy work was triggered by the death of his wife some years before , the victim of a horrible car crash and subsequent burning , hence the flam-resistant pigskin . She did n't die from her burns , however . In the process of being nursed back to health , she caught sight of her horribly disfigured form in a window reflection and immediately leapt from a window . As a result , Robert is intent on perfecting a method for healing burn victims . It all seems altruistic , but there 's something definitely ... off about Robert and not just the beautiful young woman he keeps captive in his house . Almodvar is one of the most skillful and consistently magnificent directors of the last 30 + years and while "  The Skin I Live In " may be a bit of a departure from what his fans are used to , it is no less of a skillful and intriguing film . It is rife with the maestro 's deft touches of the bizarre rubbing up against the commonplace and the erotic is present where perhaps it is not expected . At the Toronto International Film Festival , I took to referring to "  Skin " as more "  Almod-nenberg " or "  Cronen-dvar , " referring to David Cronenberg , whose own offering at this year 's Toronto fest is also somewhat atypical of the most famous of his works . It is significantly darker than much of Almodvar 's recent work and contains more than a couple of eye opening "  Wait . He did what ? " moments . Alas , many of these moments come so deep into the film , that to allude to them could constitute spoilers . While it 's possible that some of you may see what 's coming , I did not and I will not deprive you of the singular joy that is a movie-provided "  Holy crap ! " Banderas is nothing short of spectacular in what should prove to be a career resurgence for him . His Robert is all simmering emotion , everything below the surface . His is the quiet and determined countenance of the researcher , plying his trade tirelessly for the betterment of humanity ... or not . Part of the irony given the subject matter of the film may be that he does n't look any older than he did 20 years ago . At the Toronto Film Festival where I screened the film , the common reaction of my fellow film goers when asked their thoughts on the film was something along the line of "  I 'm not sure , yet . " It takes some time to digest , and I think it may perhaps be a film that with time does reveal its secrets and becomes that masterpiece . "  The Skin I Live In " is rated R and contains graphic violence , sexual situations , rape and some rather unsettling ideas surrounding revenge and psychopathy . It is distributed by Sony Pictures Classics and opens on October 14th .	"  The Skin I Live In " is significantly darker in tone It contains more than a couple of eye opening moments Antonio Banderas is nothing short of spectacular
CNN  -- Incomes ? Home prices ? New car sales ? Americans exactingly measure everything that pertains to their material well-being . But when it comes time to assess the things that matter most -- human well-being and happiness -- there we find ourselves baffled . This week , Americans celebrate Valentine 's Day . The National Retail Federation can inform us how much Americans will spend and how that spending compares to last year and the year before that . It can tell us how much of that spending will be directed to candy , how much to cards , how much to lingerie , how much to dinners out . Specialists will inform you , if asked , about the relative size of the gay and lesbian Valentine market , how many Valentine dollars will be spent on pets , and how Valentine 's Day spending compares to Halloween and Cinco de Mayo . But what the Valentine dollars buy ? That is a lot more obscure . The lost art of offline dating The statisticians can tell us that 31 million Americans live alone , and that fewer than half of American homes are shared by a husband and wife . Their data shows that the American birth rate plunged to an all-time low in 2011 , and that almost one-fifth of American women in their 40s have not had children . But the statisticians can not tell us what we most want to know : Are these trends conducive to human flourishing ? Are we doing a better or worse job of sustaining love and family compared to other places and other times ? These questions -- the very most important of them all -- are the questions where our public discussion is most accepting of answers based on raw assertion . "  Living alone comports with modern values . It promotes freedom , personal control and self-realization . " That sunny assessment comes from Eric Klinenberg , author of the 2012 book , "  Going Solo . " Maybe he 's right -- go try to prove he 's not ! The hookup culture of commitment-free sex ? It 's empowering , claims a new book excerpted in The Atlantic . "  To put it crudely , feminist progress right now largely depends on the existence of the hookup culture . And to a surprising degree , it is women -- not men -- who are perpetuating the culture , especially in school , cannily manipulating it to make space for their success , always keeping their own ends in mind . " Are more children growing up in single-parent households ? That 's a good thing , asserts journalism professor Katie Roiphe in a New York Times op-ed . The upside of online dating : Always a funny story to tell "  If you think that being married ensures a good life for your children you need only enter a bookstore and open any novel , or go to the theater and watch practically any play , or have dinner with nearly anyone you know . Suffering is everywhere , and married parents , even happily married parents , raise screwed-up or alcoholic or lost children , just as single parents raise strong , healthy ones , " Roiphe writes . If we were reading about running-shoe production , or the relative costs of different sources of electricity , or the merits of different mobile phones , we 'd want facts and proof . But when it comes to the things that matter most , proof is difficult and our feelings are strong . How technology has changed romance "  People do n't actually read newspapers , " quipped the great student of mass media , Marshall McLuhan . "  They slip into them like a warm bath . " We want to hear that Facebook can substitute for the marriages we do n't form , and that friends and pets provide more gratification than the children we do n't have . We want to believe that we can shed sexual partners without a pang and attract new ones at every age of life . And in our dynamic consumer economy , there is always a provider who will deliver what we want . Who will say that they are wrong ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum says we lack real evidence on the impact of living alone Is the dropping birth rate a good or a bad thing , he asks Frum : Is a new book right about the hookup culture being empowering ? He says we want to believe in life without traditional attachments , but is it best ?
CNN  -- While America faces many big issues -- unrest in the Middle East , the effects of climate change , uneven economic growth , growing income inequality , a costly and less than optimal health care system and more -- the contest to control the House and Senate does not really seem to be turning into a defining struggle over the national agenda . Clearly the 2014 midterm elections are n't generating much excitement on the hustings . According to Gallup , voter enthusiasm is down significantly since 2010 . Republicans are more enthused than Democrats , according to Gallup , but neither party is doing very well . Given that many of the key races in competitive states might come down to a small percentage of voters , as is usually the case in midterms , enthusiasm and its impact on turnout can be decisive on Election Day . This election wo n't be like 1994 , when Republicans took control of Congress with a rightward push , or 2006 , when Democrats did the same with campaigns to move beyond President George W. Bush 's conservatism . In those midterm elections , voters were mobilized as people came to believe that the collective outcome of the races offered a huge opportunity for their parties . Obama 's midterm malaise Why do so many people seem to be sleepwalking through these races ? Part of the problem has to do with the fact that neither party is in great shape . Democrats and Republicans face fundamental internal challenges going into November , big long-term problems that have significantly dampened much of the enthusiasm on each side . For Republicans , the vice remains political extremism . Over the past six years , Republicans have been dragged down by the actions of congressional Republicans associated with the right wing , the tea party faction . As House Republicans were pushed further to the right and the party embraced an extraordinarily ruthless approach to handling the challenges of governance -- willing to take measures such as threatening to throw the nation into default over budget disputes -- the party 's popularity has plummeted . Republicans were forced to devote an extraordinary amount of their time and energy during this year 's primaries to navigating through an intraparty battle between tea party and establishment factions who were vying to face off against Democrats . Republicans fight for 2014 's early voters For tea party Republicans , the problem is a leadership that has become too embedded in Washington , too comfortable with the political status quo . For other Republicans , the tea party is the problem : They have dragged down the reputation of their party , making it seem incapable of leadership , decision-making or rational deliberation . The struggles within the GOP are so severe that it is difficult for Republican voters to perceive November to be a great rallying moment for candidates and their party . They just want to secure control of the Senate , more focused on what they are against , namely President Barack Obama , rather than what they are for . There has been some evidence in recent days that Republican candidates are finding themselves under pressure in states such as Georgia and South Dakota , where victory should have been a slam dunk . Democrats are doing even worse than the GOP when it comes to enthusiasm . President Obama has become the problem as he finds himself in a similar position to President George W. Bush . Democratic candidates are struggling to figure out how far they need to go in disassociating themselves with the president of their own party . Gergen : White House blames Panetta , not its own faults For many liberals , President Obama has failed to deliver on key promises from 2008 , ranging from measures to combat climate change to liberalized immigration rules and dealing with the growing problem of economic inequality . President Obama has done a lot of talking , but he has not been as successful at achieving his goals . And he has not displayed the aggressive political style that many on the left believe is needed to counteract fierce Republican opposition . For moderates and independents , there is growing unease and discomfort with the way in which Obama has handled the implementation of health care , the problems with the economy and the response to the growth of ISIS . Some of these criticisms have come to the forefront with the recent publication of Leon Panetta 's book , "  Worthy Fights , " in which he charges the President had been too passive in handling foreign policy . Former Sen. and Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar said to The New York Times that first-term Sen. Mark Udall could only win if he demonstrates to voters that he stands for "  the Colorado way , not the Obama way or the Democratic way . " Given that so many prominent Democrats are focused on separating themselves from the president from their own party , rather than proudly running on his record , it makes it difficult to rally around a platform and agenda . There are some factors that the parties ca n't control . Everyone these days seems disgusted with Washington , so it 's difficult for people to be enthusiastic that anything will break through the gridlock . The improvement in the economy also makes it harder for both parties to rally the troops than in 2010 , when the recession generated more anger and zeal about the elections . But there are some problems the parties can try to address . Democrats and Republicans who are getting ready to launch a candidacy for the 2016 election should be paying close attention and thinking hard about how they can move their respective parties beyond this state of affairs . Effective Republican candidates need to prove that they will make their party a serious governing force in Washington . Democrats will need to show , without creating so much distance from the President that they simply offer fodder to their Republican critics , that they can greatly improve upon and transcend what Obama has accomplished . Until then , most voters will have difficulty believing that either party is capable of moving government in a new direction and solving the problems that confront the nation .	Polls show voters are not caught up in the election , with Democrats even less enthusiastic Julian Zelizer says GOP voters must deal with split between moderates and tea party faction Democrats are struggling with how to dissociate themselves from unpopular Obama policies , he says Zelizer : Candidates for 2016 have to decide how to try to transcend these struggles
CNN  The popular Pope Francis is taking some hits himself after some lighthearted comments that included a pretend punch to a colleague . The comments came while trying to make the point that free speech should have some limits , including on the right to insult another 's faith . Speaking Thursday to reporters on the plane ride to the Philippines , the Pope gestured with a fake punch to demonstrate what he would do if someone were to say "  a swear word against my mother . " Most journalists interpreted it as a joke , not a justification of violence , especially since the Pope had also just forcefully stated that "  one can not kill in the name of God . " Still , the Vatican felt the need to clarify , in response to a later CNN question about the punch , that his words were "  spoken colloquially " and consistent with the Pope 's "  free style of speech . " I do n't for one minute think the Pope is advocating for any type of violence , whether religiously motivated murder or sparring among friends who dis each other 's mamas . What concerns me is his apparent belief that religion should have special protection when it comes to free speech . "  One can not provoke , one can not insult other people 's faith , one can not make fun of faith , " he said . "  There is a limit . Every religion has its dignity . ... In freedom of expression there are limits . " The Pope , responding to a general question about the interplay between religious liberty and free expression , was clearly referencing the massacre of journalists at Charlie Hebdo magazine by Islamist militants in Paris last week . Although he did not say the slain cartoonists brought the attack upon themselves because of their satirical criticism of Islam , it 's not a huge logical leap to that conclusion and raises the likelihood of such a misinterpretation . Let 's just say it 's not what most public relations professionals would advise . And while the Pope has been known to talk more informally with reporters on the papal plane  his "  Who am I to judge ? " comment about gay Catholics came on the return flight from Brazil in 2013  , he 's still on the record and obviously aware that his words will be reported and analyzed . The Pope is not the only prominent Catholic raising the issue . Bill Donahue , a self-appointed spokesman fighting "  anti-Catholicism " as the president of the New York-based Catholic League , released a statement with the headline , "  Muslims have a right to be angry , " on the day of the killings . On Thursday , his statement was headlined : "  Pope sides with Catholic League . " Such chutzpah . While no one can match the offensive tone of Donahue , who actually said Charlie Hebdo 's Stephane Charbonnier "  did n't understand the role he played in his own death , " the gist of the Pope 's message was the same : Criticism of religion is problematic . As an aside , I 'll be curious to see if those who slammed Donahue have the same harsh words for the Pope . Perhaps both of them should take a lesson from the response of another Christian , Jim Wallis , president of Sojourners , a progressive , evangelical community and publication . He had a different suggestion for how people of faith should respond to the Paris attacks : "  Jesus tells us to bless those who persecute us , to return love for hate and good for evil , and even to love our enemies , " Wallis wrote . "  Loving your enemies certainly includes supporting the foundational commitment to free speech , and defending the right of free speech , even , or especially , for those who offend you . " I think most American Catholics agree that while blasphemy -- offensive speech against God or religion -- is not particularly nice , it does not follow that it can or should be regulated or outlawed . In the United States , the Supreme Court outlawed blasphemy laws in 1952 . I 'm hoping the Pope was only offering counsel to his followers , rather than advocating for any sort of legal position . No one has the right not to be offended . Even the Pope .	Heidi Schlumpf : Pope told reporters one ca n't insult others ' faith , expression must have limits She says he seems to believe religion should have special protections on free speech Schlumpf : Most U.S. Catholics likely disagree -- no one has right not to be offended , even Pope
Former NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue on Tuesday rescinded punishments against four players in the New Orleans Saints bounty scandal . The ruling overturned a decision made in October by Roger Goodell , the current commissioner , against Jonathan Vilma , Anthony Hargrove , Will Smith and Scott Fujita . SI : Goodell the big loser here Under the bounty program , Tagliabue wrote , Saints players were given incentives during the 2009 through 2011 seasons to render opposing players unable to play . They were called "  cartoffs " and "  knockouts . " In addition , it was alleged that the Saints offered a bounty for injuring Minnesota Vikings quarterback Brett Favre during the NFC Championship game in January 2010 . In October , after he upheld suspensions , Goodell appointed Tagliabue to review player appeals . In his 18-page order , Tagliabue found that Fujita 's actions "  were not conduct detrimental " and vacated a one-game suspension imposed by Goodell . Tagliabue wrote that Fujita "  did not participate in the program including cartoffs and knockouts and that his participation in a ` non-injury ' pay-for-performance pool is typically subject only to club discipline . " Tagliabue found that Hargrove , Smith and Vilma engaged in "  conduct detrimental to the integrity of , and public confidence in , the game of professional football , " but ordered their punishments also be rescinded . Read Tagliabue 's ruling  PDF Hargrove had been suspended for seven games but was credited with having served five . Goodell found that Hargrove falsely answered an NFL investigator 's questions about the misconduct . But Tagliabue said it was not clear Hargrove lied about the program and noted that he was "  under tremendous pressure to follow the chain of command in order to keep his job . " Tagliabue concluded that there was insufficient evidence that Hargrove 's alleged misconduct merited a suspension . Peter King : Ruling points finger at Saints brass Goodell had suspended Smith for four games after finding he gave money to the program . But Tagliabue said Smith was being singled out unfairly because he was a team captain . "  On the present record , selective prosecution of allegations of misconduct and enforcement of discipline relative to Smith can not be sustained , " Tagliabue wrote . "  Whatever the reason for such selective enforcement , it does not satisfy basic requirements for consistent treatment of player employees similarly situated . " Goodell had found that Vilma offered a bounty to any Saints player who could knock Favre out of the 2010 championship game and suspended him for the entire 2012 season . But Tagliabue nixed that suspension , too , saying it was not clear that any such pledges were made seriously . "  Was it inspirational only ? " he asked . "  Was it typical ` trash talk ' that occurs regularly before games ? The parties presented no clear answers . " Tagliabue wrote reducing the suspensions to fines could be justified in the cases of Hargrove , Smith and Vilma . "  However ... this entire case has been contaminated by the coaches and others in the Saints ' organization , " he wrote . After the order was released , Saints quarterback Drew Brees took to Twitter : "  Congratulations to our players for having the suspensions vacated . Unfortunately , there are some things that can never be taken back , " he wrote . Are athletes who speak their minds out of bounds ? In a statement , the NFL noted that the matter had been reviewed by Goodell , two collective bargaining agreement grievance arbitrators , the Collective Bargaining Appeals Panel and now Tagliabue . "  The decisions have made clear that the Saints operated a bounty program in violation of league rules for three years , that the program endangered player safety , and that the commissioner has the authority under the CBA to impose discipline for those actions as conduct detrimental to the league , " the league said . "  Strong action was taken in this matter to protect player safety and ensure that bounties would be eliminated from football . " October : Goodell upholds suspensions In a statement , the NFL Players Association , the union , said it was pleased with the decision . "  Vacating all discipline affirms the players ' unwavering position that all allegations the league made about their alleged ` intent to injure ' were utterly and completely false . We are happy for our members . " Vilma 's lawyer , Peter R. Ginsberg , accused Goodell of "  trying every conceivable maneuver to avoid real and honest scrutiny of his manufactured allegations that Jonathan Vilma engaged in a bounty program aimed at opposing players . " Though gratified that his client "  no longer needs to worry about facing an unjustified suspension , " he said Tagliabue 's order "  does nothing to rectify the harm done by the baseless allegations lodged against Jonathan . "	Decision by former commissioner overturns current NFL chief Case affects the New Orleans Saints from 2009-2011 Tagliabue says Saints given incentives to hurt opposing players Was it typical "  trash talk " that occurs regularly before games ?
CNN  -- Three men who toppled an ancient boulder in Utah 's Goblin Valley State Park have been booted from their Boy Scout leadership roles . Video of Glenn Taylor shoving the huge rock off a slender pedestal where its rested for millions of years went viral online and prompted media scrutiny . Taylor sang the rock song "  Wiggle It , Just a Little Bit " as he pushed the delicate sculpture over , which was followed by laughter and high fives with his son . David Hall , who shot the video and posted it on Facebook , and the two Taylors were leading a Boy Scout group on a visit to the park when the incident happened . The National Boy Scouts of America and the organization 's Utah National Parks Council issued almost simultaneous and similar statements Monday addressing the men 's actions . "  After reviewing this matter with the local chartered organization , these men have been removed from their leadership positions and are no longer members of the BSA , " the national statement said . The local council statement said the former leaders violated the Scouts ' principle of "  Leave no trace , " which it said "  teaches the value of natural areas and the methods we can use to help protect and conserve these areas for future generations . " The three men , all from Utah , defended their actions in interviews last week , saying the delicate structure posed a threat to visitors . But park officials suggested they broke the law by defacing a state park . The attention has led to revelations that Taylor filed a personal-injury lawsuit in September , claiming he had suffered "  serious , permanent and debilitating injuries " from a 4-year-old car crash . "  Someone with a bad back who 's disabled , who ca n't enjoy life , to me , does n't step up and push a rock that big off the base , " the defendant in Taylor 's lawsuit , Alan MacDonald , told Salt Lake City television station KTVX . Taylor 's lawyer did not return calls for comment . But when CNN affiliate KUTV noted that Taylor did n't look particularly debilitated in the video , he replied , "  You did n't see how hard I pushed . " CNN Legal Analyst Danny Cevallos said when someone has a pending disability lawsuit , "  You 'd think they 'd avoid the camera like the plague . "  But instead , they think no one will ever see it or repercussions will ever come of it , " Cevallos said . Goblin Valley , in southern Utah , is home to thousands of the mushroom-shaped rocks -- known to locals as goblins -- that developed as millions of years of winds and water eroded sandstone cliffs . "  We have now modified Goblin Valley , a new Goblin Valley exists , " Hall is heard saying at the end of his video . "  That 's crazy that it was held up just by that little bit of dirt . Some little kid was about ready to walk down here and die and Glenn saved his life by getting the boulder out of the way . So it 's all about saving lives here at Goblin Valley . Saving lives . That 's what we 're all about . " Hall told Utah television station KUTV that the boulder seemed unstable . "  That was n't going to last very long at all , " he told the CNN affiliate . "  One gust of wind and a family 's dead . " Asked if he would do it again , he said , "  Absolutely , absolutely . " But Jeff Rasmussen , the deputy director of Utah State Parks and Recreation , said , "  It did n't look like a stiff wind to me . " "  Obviously , we 're very concerned and upset that somebody would come and destroy this natural wonder that took millions of years to be formed , " he told KUTV . In his 22 years on the job , he said he had not heard of any goblins rolling off their pedestals . Taylor has expressed regrets . "  I wish we would have been smart enough to go get a ranger 'cause it was wrong of us to be vigilantes , and I 'm sorry I did that , " he told CNN affiliate KSTU . "  We thought we were doing a good deed , " Taylor told the affiliate . But the Emery County attorney or the Utah Attorney General may not agree , said Eugene Swalberg of Utah State Parks . The men "  are currently under criminal investigation , " he said ont Friday . "  It gives you a pit in your stomach . There seems to be a lot of happiness and joy with the individuals doing this , and it 's not right . This is not what you do at a natural scenic area . " CNN Correspondent Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	NEW : Man seen toppling rock claims "  debilitating injuries " from car crash in recent lawsuit Boy Scouts remove leaders recorded toppling an ancient stone in a Utah park The men defended their actions , saying the rock was dangerously unstable State officials say men may have broken the law by defacing a state park
Entertainment Weekly  -- How are the elements of the charming , traditional romantic comedy "  The Proposal " like the checklist of a charming , traditional bride ? Let me count the ways ... Ryan Reynolds wonders if marrying his boss , Sandra Bullock , is a good thing in "  The Proposal . " Something old : The story of a haughty woman and an exasperated man who hate each other -- until they realize they love each other -- is proudly square , in the tradition of rom-coms from the 1940s and '50s . Or is it straight out of Shakespeare 's 1590s ? Sandra Bullock is the shrew , Margaret , a pitiless , high-powered New York book editor first seen multitasking in the midst of her aerobic workout  thus you know she needs to get ... loved  . Ryan Reynolds is Andrew , her put-upon foil of an executive assistant , a younger man who accepts abuse as a media-industry hazing ritual . And there the two would remain , locked in mutual disdain , except for Margaret 's fatal flaw -- she 's Canadian .  So is "  X-Men 's " Wolverine ; I thought our neighbors to the north were supposed to be nice . Margaret , with her visa expired , faces deportation and makes the snap executive decision to marry Andrew in a green-card wedding . It 's an offer the underling ca n't refuse if he wants to keep his job .  A sexual-harassment lawsuit would ruin the movie 's mood . OK , he says . But first comes a visit to the groom-to-be 's family in Alaska . Amusing complications ensue . Something new : The chemical energy between Bullock and Reynolds is fresh and irresistible . In her mid-40s , Bullock has finessed her dewy America 's Sweetheart comedy skills to a mature , pearly texture ; she 's lovable both as an uptight careerist in a pencil skirt and stilettos , and as a lonely lady in a flapping plaid bathrobe . Reynolds , meanwhile , is just refining his dry comedy thing , learning to get the most from his deceptive cute-face looks . Who knew these two would , hmmm , complete each other ? Working together , both are surer and more disciplined in delivering their comedy goods . iReport.com : "  Proposal " has "  plenty of laughs " Something borrowed : The boisterous family dynamics . The eccentric supporting players  none more extreme than Oscar Nunez from "  The Office "  . The snappy screwball dialogue in Pete Chiarelli 's script . And the way Anne Fletcher directs like a camp counselor wrangling bunkmates ... it 's all been seen before . For a reason . These elements work . Something blue : As the wise and saucy matriarch of the family , the divine 87-year-old Betty White has fun as one hot grandma -- and inspires her younger stars to say "  I do , " too . EW Grade : B + CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	EW : "  The Proposal " is a top-notch romantic comedy Movie adheres to formula , but it 's well done , very funny Casting is perfect , script delivers
CNN  -- Pea soup . That crucifix . Those stairs . "  The Exorcist " was released 40 years ago to great fanfare . "  This film , when it came out , lived at the very center of popular culture , " film critic and author Richard Crouse told CNN . "  It was the only thing that people talked about . The speed of popular culture was n't as fast as it is now . Even a big hit like ` Gravity , ' people are excited for a week , excited for two weeks , and then it fades away until awards season comes around . But it was n't like that in 1973 . This movie , for a year , really inked out all available entertainment space . " Crouse , author of the book "  Raising Hell , " recalled "  stories about people throwing up at screenings . Someone sued Warner Bros. because they were so overwhelmed by the movie they passed out , hit their head on the seat in front of them and broke their jaw . And Warner Bros. settled with them . Someone attacked the screen in San Francisco because they thought there were evil spirits inside the screen . Those stories played themselves out over months and months and months and turned the movie into something we 're still talking about 40 years later . " Based on William Peter Blatty 's 1971 novel of the same name , "  The Exorcist " was nominated for 10 Academy Awards and won Oscars for Best Sound Mixing and Best Adapted Screenplay . It remains one of the highest-grossing films of all time , and is also the first horror film to be nominated for Best Picture . Director William Friedkin  nominated for a Best Director Academy Award  , however , never approached the project as a horror film . He saw "  The Exorcist " as a story about the mystery of faith . Set in Georgetown , Washington , D.C. , "  The Exorcist " tells the story of 12-year-old Regan MacNeil  Linda Blair , who received a Best Supporting Actress Oscar nomination  , whose disturbing behavior prompts her mother , Chris MacNeil  Ellen Burstyn , nominated for Best Actress  , to seek an exorcism after medical doctors are unable to help her daughter . The story is loosely based on real events . The book and the movie open during an archaeological dig in Iraq . Friedkin recalled shooting in Mosul . "  It was very rare to be given permission to film in Iraq , " said the director , "  let along to film on an archaeological dig . Iraq , at that time , was not run by Saddam Hussein , but it was governed by the Ba'athist Party , which is Saddam Hussein 's party . They allowed us to come over here and film on the condition that I would use Iraqi people on the crew and train them in film techniques ; and , strangely , that we would show them how to make film blood . " The Iraq sequence introduces the exorcist himself , Father Lankester Merrin  Max von Sydow  , who is also an archaeologist . The Jesuit priest comes to the realization that he will again fight a demon he has battled in the past . Friedkin recalled shooting in the northern Iraq desert . "  It would often be 130 degrees by 10:30 in the morning , " he said in a commentary on the film 's Blu-ray , "  and we 'd have to stop shooting and then go into our tents until 7:00 at night when we then had four more hours of daylight in which we could film . " Chris , a Hollywood actress filming a movie in D.C. , approaches Georgetown University psychiatrist Father Damien Karras  Jason Miller , who received a Best Supporting Actor Oscar nomination  , a Jesuit who feels he 's lost his faith . He is riddled with guilt over not having been able to better care for his mother who died poor , scared and alone . Karras , initially skeptical , agrees to conduct the exorcism . Father Merrin is summoned to help and the two work together to exorcise the demon Pazuzu out of Regan . The scenes that made audiences the queasiest did n't involve green vomit . People were reportedly sickened during the scenes that involved Regan undergoing medical testing in real time . Namely , the arteriogram . That scene was filmed at New York University Medical Center with a real radiologist and his assistant as they went through the step-by-step process of the invasive procedure . Some people in the audience fainted seeing the needle go in as the dye was injected and blood spurted . The now-famous spider-walk scene , in which Regan descends the stairs in the Georgetown home , initially could n't be used in the film in 1973 because wires were visible . CGI was used to add the scene for a 2000 theatrical re-release , which included a few other scenes totaling 12 minutes . The film 's other special effects , including the shaking bed and other moving furniture , were rather do-it-yourself . For example , Regan 's bedroom set was refrigerated . Air conditioners would n't work because they take moisture out , and the point was to visually capture the actors ' breath on film . Von Sydow was only 44 when he played Father Merrin , so makeup artist Dick Smith  who also created Marlon Brando 's look in "  The Godfather "  transformed the actor into the elderly Jesuit who appears onscreen . He also did Blair 's makeup , transforming her from cherubic to demonic . During the shocking scene in which Regan masturbates with a crucifix , a box containing a sponge with Karo syrup and red food coloring was placed between Blair 's legs . The child actress did n't comprehend the meaning of the scene until years later . A mechanical dummy was used for the scenes in which the possessed Regan spun her head 360-degrees . The fake vomit was actually a mix of pea soup and oatmeal . Linda Blair wore contact lenses in a variety of colors and sizes during her character 's various stages of possession , including an all-white pair for when her eyes rolled back into her head . When the priests chanted that famous line -- "  The power of Christ compels you ! " -- Blair 's body had to be lifted mechanically . The background was lit with shadows that helped mask the wires , which were painted as a dotted line to break up the color so they blended in . Armed with a crucifix , holy water , faith  which was slowly beginning to return to Karras  , and acting in the name of God , the two priests summon the power of Jesus Christ to drive out Pazuzu . Weakened by guilt and the demon 's hold over his psyche , Karras takes a break . Upon returning to Regan 's bedroom , he sees that Merrin has died . Enraged , he begs the demon to take him instead of the child . The demon obliges . Karras throws himself out of Regan 's bedroom window , falls down a steep stairway , and is given last rites by Father Dyer  who was played by a real priest , Father William O'Malley  , before dying . The infamous flight of stairs leading down to M Street NW in Georgetown consists of 97 stone steps . During filming , the special-effects team lined each and every step with a half-inch of rubber . The stuntman filling in for Father Karras dove down them twice . To this day , "  The Exorcist " resonates with audiences . "  I think ` The Exorcist ' holds up well because it is , first and foremost , a well-crafted film , cannily designed to be upsetting , " Michael Calia , a professor of film at Quinnipiac University , told CNN . "  But clearly the narrative has a psychological depth and complexity that shakes us up on a number of levels . " It 's not just about a demon inhabiting a little girl , but "  it 's also about the vulnerability of those around her and how badly they are damaged by their having to deal with the possession , " explained Calia , who pointed out that Father Merrin best summed up the demon 's modus operandi when the priest stated that "  the demon 's target is not the possessed ; it is us ... the observers ... every person in this house . " "  The story can shake our understanding of the world and ourselves , " Calia continued , "  and that 's where the film functions on a level beyond mere entertainment . " While the film contains unforgettable images and great scares , Crouse said , "  what I think drew people to this movie is it takes you on such a journey where , in the end , good wins out . " The takeaway is that good and evil battle one another out , within everyone , every day . "  Everyone who sees ` The Exorcist ' takes from it what they bring to it , " said Friedkin . "  If you believe in the mystery of faith , in the power of goodness over evil ; that is what you will take from the film . "	"  The Exorcist " is about the demonic possession of a girl and the priests who save her Some of the film 's scenes are considered just as shocking today as they were in 1973 Many people consider "  The Exorcist " to be the scariest movie of all time Director William Friedkin , however , did not treat it as a horror film
Baghdad  CNN  -- One person was killed and 57 were injured Thursday when hundreds of protesters clashed with security forces in Sulaimaniya , a city in the Kurdish region of northern Iraq , according to Dr. Raykot Hamed Salih , a health official there . Salih had reported earlier in the day that nine people were killed , but he retracted that figure . He explained to CNN that in the middle of the chaos , the emergency hospital in Sulaimaniya received a number of unconscious individuals , and doctors mistakenly thought they were dead . Dozens of protesters attacked the Kurdistan Democratic Party headquarters in the city and destroyed furniture and computers inside the building , police officials in Sulaimaniya told CNN . Witnesses told CNN that a number of Kurdish security forces , known as peshmerga , opened fire to disperse the protesters . The demonstrators were angry about corruption , the quality of basic services and unemployment , Salih said . Authorities imposed a full curfew , banning cars and pedestrians from moving around the city until 6 a.m. , police said . The Kurdistan Democratic Party is headed by the Kurdistan region 's president , Massoud Barzani , an important power broker in the region . Iraq , like many of its neighbors , has been convulsed by popular protests since demonstrations toppled the leader of Tunisia last month . A least one person was shot dead and 55 others -- including four police -- were wounded Wednesday when private security guards and Iraqi security forces fired on hundreds of demonstrators outside the governor 's office in the eastern city of Kut , health officials said . Police officials in Kut , about 65 miles  110 kilometers  south of Baghdad , tell CNN that nearly 2,000 demonstrators demanded the resignation of Wasit 's provincial governor , Latif Hamed , accusing him of corruption . Some of the protesters tried to force their way inside the governor 's office , prompting private security guards to shoot at them , police said . With the shooting , the situation escalated rapidly and the protesters became angrier , Kut police said . Dozens of protesters stormed the governor 's office again and destroyed furniture inside , then set the building on fire . Another group of demonstrators went to the governor 's house and set it ablaze . Kut police tell CNN that Hamed was not in the city when protesters attacked his office and home . The protesters were heard shouting , "  Down with  Prime Minister Nuri  al-Maliki , down with the corruption , down with thieves . " Others were carrying a banner that said , "  Eight years of suffering , where are your promises ? " referring to the Iraqi government that took power after Saddam Hussein 's regime fell in 2003 . In Falluja , hundreds of protesters walked toward the city council building and the mayor 's office on Tuesday , demanding the resignation of the mayor and the head of the city council because of corruption and their inability to provide basic services to the people . For the first time since the demonstrations started across the country more than two weeks ago , Iraqiya state TV broadcast video of the Kut demonstration and urged people to protest peacefully and not to turn to violence .	Protesters attack the offices of an important regional party , police say Kurdish security forces open fire to disperse them , witnesses say Iraq has been wracked by demonstrations for two weeks Authorities impose a curfew until 6 a.m.
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Thursday that House committees will begin action on President-elect Barack Obama 's proposed economic recovery package in the next couple of weeks , with a vote in the full House slated for the week after Obama 's inauguration . Speaker Nancy Pelosi says the House will not go on a break until an economic recovery package is passed . Obama will take office January 20 . If that schedule slips , Pelosi , D-California , pledged to cancel the House 's planned weeklong break in mid-February for Presidents Day . "  We are not going home without an economic recovery package , " Pelosi said . Pelosi said Obama 's plan has broad public support "  almost sight unseen , " citing a poll from Politico that says 79 percent of Americans support the president-elect 's plan . A senior Pelosi aide said discussions about the details are ongoing between the Obama transition team and key leaders . The Ways and Means Committee will focus on the tax piece , approximately $ 300 billion in tax cuts . Obama transition aides met with Democrats on that committee Wednesday morning to discuss various proposals , according to another Democratic aide . The Appropriations Committee is tasked with drafting details on spending hundreds of billions of dollars on infrastructure projects , food stamps and other aid to states . Sidestepping a question on possible roadblocks for the bill , Pelosi instead touted the new muscle of the expanded Democratic majority . "  We have been so used to an uphill fight , but now we have arrived . We have a big , strong , something like an 80-vote majority in the Congress , in the House , with a Democratic president in the White House , " she said . In a speech Thursday , Obama said it was imperative that Congress move quickly to pass the stimulus package once he takes office , warning that a failure to do so would have devastating long-term consequences to the nation 's economy . "  We start 2009 in the midst of a crisis unlike any we have seen in our lifetime , a crisis that has only deepened over the last few weeks , " Obama said at George Mason University in Virginia . Watch Obama call for "  dramatic action " on the economy " "  I do n't believe it 's too late to change course , but it will be if we do n't take dramatic action as soon as possible , " Obama continued . "  If nothing is done , this recession could linger for years . " Key members of Obama 's own party , however , said they opposed central tax measures of the president-elect 's proposals after emerging from a closed-door meeting of the Senate Finance Committee . Watch Obama explain his tax proposals " In particular , they do not think that giving employers a $ 3,000 tax credit for each worker they hired would work . "  I 'm not that excited about that , " said Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts . "  Having a tax credit for hiring is not going to change that dynamic ; creating a direct job will . So I 'd rather spend the money on the infrastructure , on direct investment , on energy conversion and other kinds of things , much more directly and much more rapidly and much more certainly create a real job . " Sen. Kent Conrad agreed . "  I think it 's unlikely to be effective , " the North Dakota senator said . "  If you think about it , businesspeople are not going to hire people to produce products that are not selling . Who is going to hire in the auto industry if you give them a $ 3,000 credit to make cars that people are not buying ? " A second Obama tax proposal that several Democrats were down on is payroll tax credits , amounting to about $ 20 per paycheck and totaling $ 500 per person and $ 1,000 for couples earning less than $ 200,000 a year . Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon said he doubted that proposal would do much to stimulate the economy . "  We have an example from the first stimulus that indicates just giving people $ 500 to $ 600 , while certainly welcome when there 's this much economic hurt , may not be the best use of stimulus , " Wyden said . Instead , Wyden said , pumping more money into infrastructure spending would be more effective in creating jobs . Conrad agreed with Wyden . "  Twenty dollars a week ? I do n't think that will be effective , either . That is in terms of economic impact . We have got to focus on what is actually going to lift the economy , " Conrad said . None of the senators CNN spoke with after the meeting said they thought the opposition to these provisions would derail the bill but suggested that many meetings would be needed with the Obama team to hammer out an agreement . First votes in the Finance Committee , which must approve the tax components of the stimulus plan , could come in the next two weeks , senators and aides said . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh , Dana Bash and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Speaker Nancy Pelosi sets full House vote on stimulus for week of January 25 House committees will work on Obama 's plan over the next couple of weeks Senate Democrats balk at proposal to give employers $ 3,000 for each worker hired
Hillary Clinton was making her way around the Hamburg Inn on Wednesday -- a quaint , politically historic family restaurant in Iowa City -- when she got the question . From the back of the restaurant , a young man loudly asked when Clinton was going to announce she was running for president . While the room chuckled , Clinton looked at the chocolate bourbon pecan pie shake in her hand and blurted , "  Love the shake ! " After that , Clinton paid for two shakes and some coffee  $ 18.26 , she put the change in a donation tin on the counter  and exited the establishment with a hearty goodbye . Clinton 's non-answer to the question was not surprising . When asked about 2016 in the past , Clinton -- who is likely to make a presidential run but has played coy for the last year -- has done everything from shrug and walk off stage to laugh and say , "  next question . " In this case , though , it was the question , not the answer , that was most telling . Instead of if she 'll run , the question was framed as a certainty , like it was a forgone conclusion the former secretary of state was going to make a run at the White House . That could be felt throughout the Hawkeye State . As Clinton visited this week to campaign for Rep. Bruce Braley , the Democratic Senate hopeful , both people who support Clinton and those who do n't said the former secretary of state 's candidacy is a foregone conclusion and that very few Iowans look at what she is doing as anything but campaigning . "  I 'm absolutely sure , absolutely sure , " said Steven Lucas , a former pipe fitter and labor member , as he stood in line to see Clinton speak in Cedar Rapids . Lucas ' opinion comes from what he said were years of watching politicians come through Iowa and play coy about running for president . "  It 's the politics of denial , " said Lucas , a Sen. Elizabeth Warren supporter . "  It is a mind game . It really is . " Iowans are generally more politically tuned in than most voters . Because of the state 's place as the first-in-the-nation presidential caucus , bumping into a top flight presidential contender at a local labor hall or barbecue around caucus time is just another day for most Iowans . That familiarity with campaigning has caused Iowa voters to look at what Clinton is doing - traveling the country to support Democrats , spending the last week of her midterm campaign in both Iowa and New Hampshire -- and think the former first lady already made up her mind . "  I know she is running , " said Deb Lohrer , who stood at the front of the line at one of Clinton 's events . "  I think it was obvious years ago . " Clinton did little to tamp down those beliefs while in Iowa on Wednesday , most likely because she does n't want to . While speaking in Cedar Rapids , Clinton heralded Iowa 's astute voters and the state 's focus on politics . "  You have a lot to be proud of , " Clinton said . "  You test your candidates , you actually force them to be the best they can be and they have to be willing to answer the tough questions . " She also tailored her speech to focus on the state . She mentioned devastating floods that rocked Cedar Rapids earlier in the year and thanked the state for opening "  their hearts and homes " to her during her failed presidential bid in 2008 . In addition to Clinton 's not too subtle actions , she has had help on the ground in Iowa that has reinforced the idea she already is running . Ready for Hillary , the super PAC urging Clinton to run for president and organizing around her possible candidacy , has made the state a focus and put their money behind nearly the entire slate of 2014 Democrats running in Iowa . To date , the group has donated $ 123,000 to Iowa candidates , including the Jack Hatch , the gubernatorial hopeful who been consistently polling behind incumbent Republican Gov. Terry Branstad , and all the congressional candidates Ready for Hillary also loomed large at the final Harkin Steak Fry in September , where the group activated more than 100 volunteers for the event . What 's more , the PAC donated $ 5,000 to the event 's account , $ 10,000 to the Iowa Democratic Party and also purchased the party 's voter file data for $ 20,000 . Ready for Hillary 's impact is also being felt by everyday Iowans and the state 's top political operatives . At Clinton 's events on Wednesday , women and men sport baby blue shirts emblazoned with "  Ready , " swag that group handed out earlier in the year . And to Tyler Olson , the former chair of the Iowa Democratic Party and a Clinton supporter , Ready for Hillary has done a great deal to raise Clinton 's already high profile in Iowa . "  I 'll be surprised if Secretary Clinton does n't run , and I think she 'd be a great president . Most Iowa caucus-goers I talk to believe she will run and will support her if she does , " said Olson , who informally advises the Clinton PAC . Standing outside Clinton 's first event on Wednesday , people chatted about Braley and whether they thought the Senate hopeful could come from behind to best his Republican opponent . But quickly , the conversation turned to Clinton . Gayle Reese of Newhall , Iowa turned to her friend and reflected on why Clinton was even in Iowa . "  Even my husband asked me , ` Why do you want to go see her , ' " she said to a small group of people . Her blunt answer : "  I told him , ` She is going to run for president . ' "	Clinton plays coy on discussing a 2016 bid , but people in Iowa assume she 's running Clinton made her second visit to Iowa this fall on Wednesday Clinton 's Iowa ground game has been helped by a Super PAC called Ready for Hillary Clinton will also visit New Hampshire , another early presidential primary state
CNN  -- Iraq is placing big stakes on the success of this week 's Arab League summit in Baghdad . "  It is a recognition of the new Iraq that emerged since 2003 by its new leaders , its new constitution , its new policies , its new political system at the heart of the Middle East , " Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said Monday . "  This summit could truly be called the Arab Spring summit , " he declared . Previous summits included Arab leaders who no longer hold power due to the uprisings in several nations , including the late Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , former Tunisian President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali , and former Yemeni Persident Ali Abdullah Saleh . Zebari described the summit as "  the most important event for Iraq . " It will mark the first time Arab leaders have held the summit in Iraq since 1990 . The summit will take place Thursday , but it is considered a three-day event because many leaders begin gathering Tuesday . The country is spending more than half a billion dollars on it , Zebari said . U.S. President Barack Obama has highlighted the summit 's importance as well . "  For the first time in two decades , Iraq is scheduled to host the next Arab League summit . And what a powerful message that will send throughout the Arab world , " he said in a December news conference with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . "  People throughout the region will see a new Iraq that 's determining its own destiny , a country in which people from different religious sects and ethnicities can resolve their differences peacefully through the democratic process . " The gathering tests Iraq 's ability to provide critical organization and security in the country where deadly violence remains a weekly norm . It was originally scheduled to be held in Baghdad last year , but was postponed due to the unrest . Last week a militant group with links to al Qaeda claimed responsibility for a deadly wave of bombings , saying they were designed to undermine security for the summit . The blasts were meant to target the security plan "  of the government of fools inside the Green Zone , in preparation of the meeting of Arab tyrants in Baghdad , " said a statement from the Islamic State of Iraq , an umbrella group that includes al Qaeda in Iraq . The Interior Ministry said "  all protective measures " have been taken to host the delegations and media at the summit . In a statement , the ministry described the summit as a "  great political achievement that suits Iraq 's importance and geopolitical position in the region . " It slammed terrorists "  racing to prove their propaganda presence by carrying out hysterical acts aiming to affect the atmosphere of the summit . " Unprecedented security measures are in place for the event . While the interior ministry has said it 's unlikely roads will be closed off or a curfew will be imposed , the capital already appears to be in a state of lockdown . Most of the main roads in central Baghdad , including those leading to the Green Zone -- the highly fortified area that includes government buildings -- have been cut off to vehicle traffic . Cars are being thoroughly inspected at checkpoints , causing hours-long delays . But similar checkpoints did not stop the large-scale bombings that recently hit the capital . Following those attacks , Iraq announced a national holiday from March 25 to April 1 . The traffic jams and additional security measures are keeping most people indoors -- and many who still need to get to their jobs are making their way on foot . "  How can we survive , how can we live ? " asked Abu Ahmad , a street vendor . "  I live from day to day and I make about $ 10 U.S. a day to support my family . Now how can I support my family in those coming days ? " "  This is not the time for this summit , " said another angry Baghdad resident . "  If it was the right time , they would not have to shut everything down ... . Shame on them . For weeks they have been planning on how to protect Arab leaders while Iraqis are not protected . " But Iraqi leaders insist the summit is shaping up to be a success . All member nations plan to attend , except Syria , Zebari said Monday . Syria was not invited because its membership was suspended amid a violent government crackdown on an uprising , The league includes 20 countries in addition to Iraq and Syria . Zebari said it 's unusual to attract leaders from all the invited countries . He did not say who would represent each country . One leader who will attend is Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir , who is wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes and genocide . Iraqi state television reported Bashir 's plan on Sunday . Bashir has traveled to other Arab countries despite the ICC warrants against him for alleged war crimes and genocide in the Darfur region , where rebels have fought government forces and allied militiamen such as the Janjaweed since 2003 . Arab League Secretary-General Nabil Elaraby arrived Sunday in Baghdad with a small delegation in advance of the summit . The agenda includes 10 central issues , the most important of which is Syria , Zebari said . While the Arab League has discussed Syria at numerous meetings in recent months , Zebari said the summit will be "  a golden opportunity for the Arab leaders to think together collectively " about the mounting crisis and stalemate . Other issues include Somalia , Yemen , the Arab-Israeli conflict , international terrorism and making the Middle East free of weapons of mass destruction , Zebari said . To prepare for the big event , ministries were allocated about $ 500 million for expenses including building and renovation of palaces , hotels , convention centers , and more , said Zebari . Baghdad municipality and other agencies have spent to cover costs related to the summit as well , he said . It is Iraq 's biggest challenge in many years , said Zebari , pointing to the era under Saddam Hussein when Iraq was sanctioned and boycotted . "  In fact , this country was isolated many years ago , " he said , adding that that 's why the summit "  is a very , very important thing . " From CNN 's Josh Levs , Jomana Karadsheh , Arwa Damon , and Mohammed Tawfeeq	It could be called the Arab Spring summit , foreign minister says Iraq has spent more than half a billion dollars to prepare President Obama said people throughout the region will see "  a new Iraq " The top issue at the summit will be Syria , Iraqi diplomat says
Bombs exploded near two shuttered embassies in Tripoli Thursday morning , according to state media and eyewitness accounts . Libyan state media , citing witnesses , said a car bomb exploded near the Egyptian embassy in central Tripoli . The second blast occurred near the embassy of the United Arab Emirates in the western part of the capital , according to residents . No injuries were reported in either blast , but photos posted to social media appeared to show extensive damage around both buildings . A resident who lives near the UAE embassy said in a social media posting that the blast shattered some windows in nearby buildings . The explosions come a day after bombings killed at least five and wounded more than a dozen in two eastern Libyan cities that are strongholds for Libya 's anti-Islamist government . Most embassies in Libya have closed due to the ongoing fighting there between Islamists and the internationally recognized government more than three years after rebels -- backed by NATO aircraft -- toppled the regime of Moammar Gadhafi . In August , U.S. Pentagon and State Department officials said they believed Egypt and the UAE had been carrying out secret airstrikes against Islamist militants . Egyptian officials have denied any involvement in Libyan airstrikes .	Bombs explode near Egyptian , UAE embassies in Tripoli , media and witnesses say Both embassies are closed and no injures were reported The blasts come a day after five died in explosions amid ongoing fighting in Libya
CNN  -- Manchester United were dealt a serious blow Tuesday as captain and key central defender Nemanja Vidic was ruled out for at least two months with a knee problem . The Serbian star missed the final five months of last season after rupturing his cruciate ligament and a fresh problem has emerged on the same knee . "  Nemanja Vidic has had a meniscus operation on his right knee and will be out for around eight weeks , " read a statement on the club 's official website . The new injury setback for the 31-year-old could not have come at a more unfavorable time for the English Premier League giants , who are also missing a number of key defenders ahead of vital league and Champions League clashes . England internationals Phil Jones and Chris Smalling are currently sidelined , the former with the same problem as Vidic , leaving manager Alex Ferguson with only two fit regular central defenders . That includes Jonny Evans , who picked up a minor injury in the 2-1 victory over Liverpool at Anfield Sunday which left United in second place in the early standings . United 's neighbors and EPL champions Manchester City suffered a shock 4-2 home defeat Tuesday to Aston Villa in the English League Cup . City were twice ahead through Mario Balotelli and Aleksandar Kolarov , but two goals from Gabriel Agbonlahor , allied to an own goal from Gareth Barry and an extra time strike from Charles N'Zogbia saw Villa into the fourth round . Meanwhile , league leaders Chelsea continued their fine start to the domestic campaign with a thumping 6-0 home win over second-flight Wolves . John Terry , who quit the England captaincy just ahead of his FA hearing into charges that he made a racial slur in an EPL match last season , lined up for the match at Stamford Bridge . Gary Cahill put Chelsea ahead after just four minutes and it was one-way traffic throughout with Fernando Torres scoring in the second half and new Victor Moses rounding off the scoring . In an all-EPL clash , Wigan won 4-1 at West Ham after the home side had taken an early lead while high flying Everton were shocked 2-1 at Leeds to make a surprise exit .	Nemanja Vidic ruled out for two months with fresh knee injury Leaves Manchester United short of defensive options John Terry plays in Chelsea 's English League Cup rout of Wolves EPL champions Manchester City beaten by Aston Villa
CNN  -- Italian superstar Valentino Rossi has made a remarkable return to the MotoGP circuit , just 41 days after breaking his leg . The reigning world champion recorded the seventh fastest time in practice for Sunday 's German Grand Prix at Sachsenring behind pace setter Dani Pedrosa of Spain . Rossi 's Yamaha teammate Jorge Lorenzo , who has opened up a big lead in the title race in his absence , was second fastest ahead of Saturday 's qualifying which will decide the grid positions . The 31-year-old Rossi suffered a nasty fracture of his right tibia in a crash at Mugello in Italy and was expected to be ruled out for the rest of the season . But after missing four rounds , he has returned following test sessions at Misano and Brno to gauge his fitness . "  I feel good and this track is helping me because a lot of it turns to the left , " Rossi told the official MotoGP website . "  I am feeling quite confident on the bike and also my shoulder is good and not giving me problems . Now I have some pain in the leg and ankle but it 's not too bad . " During his absence , Rossi has slipped to seventh in the title standings , 104 points behind Lorenzo and 52 adrift of second-placed Pedrosa . The nine-time world champion is hoping his leg will allow him to take part in qualifying and the race proper . "  Now we will have to wait until Saturday morning to see how the leg is and whether it has swelled overnight or developed any problems . " His old rival Casey Stoner of Australia was not surprised to see Rossi back in action . "  When I heard he was testing at Misano I thought it was really fast , but at the same time I 've heard of people getting their collarbone plated and riding within a week , so there was always a possibility of him coming back here , " he said .	Valentino Rossi records seventh fastest time in practice for German MotoGP Defending champion Rossi in action just 41 days after breaking his leg at Mugello Dani Pedrosa sets fastest time ahead of title leader Jorge Lorenzo
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama met Wednesday with U.S. Army Gen. Ray Odierno to get a first-hand account of conditions in Iraq from the top commander for the country . A White House spokesman said Odierno "  provided a positive assessment " of security conditions and the transfer of responsibilities to Iraqi security forces ahead of completing the planned withdrawal of most U.S. troops by the end of August . In addition , Obama and Odierno discussed the recent certification of election results by Iraq 's Federal Supreme Court and efforts to form an inclusive Iraqi government , according to White House deputy press secretary Bill Burton . Odierno is responsible for determining the pace of withdrawal of American forces from Iraq , but the Obama administration has said the deadline for bringing home all but 50,000 troops by the end of August remains on schedule despite the recent spike in violence there . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Saturday found that 64 percent of Americans favor the president 's plan to keep the 50,000 U.S. troops in Iraq by the end of the summer , with 35 percent opposed . But the national poll indicated that support for the planned removal could drop significantly if Iraq can not solve its current problems in coming months . With the ongoing reduction of troops in Iraq , the U.S. now has more troops in Afghanistan than Iraq for the first time since 2003 .	NEW : President meets with commander to discuss planned troop withdrawal from Iraq NEW : General reportedly gives "  positive assessment " of security conditions on ground Administration says withdrawal on schedule Poll finds 64 percent favor president 's plan to keep 50,000 troops till end of August
LONDON , England  CNN  -- For almost four months , fans of Michael Jackson were holding what were deemed by concert promoters AEG Live as the "  Hottest Tickets on the Planet . " Queues for tickets to Michael Jackson 's concert wind outside the O2 Arena in London on March 13 , 2009 . Now some 750,000 would-be concert-goers have been left with slips of paper that , while steeped in sentimentality , wo n't entitle them to see the hyped spectacular that was promised to be Jackson 's farewell concerts . It 's unclear whether all fans will receive a full refund . Early Friday morning , AEG Live 's Web site was still promoting the concerts , announcing there were just "  17 days until show time . " After midday , all reference to the shows had been removed . Late Friday afternoon , the O2 Arena was still saying that ticketing information would be available "  in due course . " And callers to Ticketmaster 's customer service number were still being greeted the message , "  Ticketmaster is aware of the news relating to Michael Jackson . We have no official information at this stage . As soon as we have any information we will immediately contact all customers who have booked tickets through Ticketmaster . " Seatwave , Europe 's biggest online market for fan-to-fan ticket sales , told CNN that customers who bought tickets via its Web site would receive a full refund , the cost of which would be covered by an insurance claim which could top # 2 million  $ 3.2 million  . "  This is what you buy insurance for . Unfortunately it 's always for these kind of terrible circumstances , " Joe Cohen , Founder and CEO of Seatwave told CNN . The official secondary ticketing partner for the shows , Viagogo , also promised fans a full refund . Consumer rights group Which ? warned fans who bought tickets from third parties , including auction Web sites such as eBay , may have more difficulty getting their money back . Michael Jackson was scheduled to play 50 shows at the O2 Arena in London , a grueling schedule for even the fittest pop star , according to celebrity media advisor , Simon Astaire . "  He needed money , there is no question about that , hence his 50 dates at the O2 . It 's easy to say today and I think one has to be respectful today , but it was a stretch to do 50 concerts in the way he wanted to do in that time frame . Even for the fittest , most grounded individual it 's very , very difficult , " he told CNN . According to estimates by "  Billboard , " unconfirmed by the promoters , Jackson 's concerts would have netted the singer $ 50 million in ticket and merchandise sales . Back in March , tickets for an initial run of ten concerts sold out at the astonishing rate of 11 tickets per second , a feat Chris Edmonds , the Managing Director of Ticketmaster UK called a "  live entertainment phenomenon . " Demand for the tickets prompted organizers to add another 40 dates to the schedule . The London shows were to be the first step in a multi-phase package with Jackson , including plans for a 3-D live concert film and a 3-D movie based on Jackson 's "  Thriller " music video . It 's not known at this stage how much of the cost of Jackson 's canceled concerts will be shouldered by promoters AEG Live . The company is yet to issue a statement on the matter . It is thought only part of Jackson 's 50-date London engagement was covered by insurers . One of those was Lloyds of London , whose spokesman Louise Shields told CNN "  any losses are not likely to be significant . " Mary Craig Calkins , partner at Howrey law firm in Los Angeles told CNN it was likely Jackson was covered by essential element insurance , a common form of cover in the entertainment industry to guard against losses associated with the main act . The policy would normally cover ticket sales and production-related expenses . "  He was hiring dancers for the production , there 's pyrotechnics , there 's the music , there 's the equipment , there 's the venue , " Calkins told CNN . "  It 's a bigger than life tour so you would expect the expenses to be huge ... You would expect the insurance company to conduct a very thorough investigation . It 's a lot of money at stake , " she said . AEG Live 's partner in Jackson 's stage comeback , Tom Barrack , Chairman of Colony Capital , posted a statement on the company 's Web site , saying they were "  deeply saddened " by Jackson 's death . A spokesman for Barrack declined to comment on the financial implications , saying "  they 're not even focused on that , it 's a personal loss . " Barrack was involved in a deal to save Jackson 's Neverland Ranch when the singer 's debts became overwhelming . Watch a report about Jackson 's lavish lifestyle " Jackson 's sudden and unexpected death has sparked a surge in demand for his recordings and memorabilia . Since his death , hundreds of items including albums , posters and T-shirts have been listed on auction Web site eBay . And sales of his recordings have skyrocketed in shops and on music download sites .	Financial impact of Jackson 's death on London concerts remains unclear Ticket sellers are still to clarify whether fans will received a refund , and how Jackson was scheduled to perform 50 concerts at London 's O2 Arena Singer 's death has sparked surge in downloads , sales of Jackson memorabilia
CNN  -- A designer clothing store , a comic book store , a tattoo parlor and a ... women for sale store . This unusual window display shocked shoppers at a busy Tel Aviv mall last week when among the run-of-the-mill shops , they came across a group of young women standing in a storefront . On them were price tags detailing their age , weight , height , dimensions and country of origin . Organizers said the campaign is designed to bring awareness to women trafficking . It aims to collect enough signatures to pressure the Israeli justice ministry to back legislation that makes it a crime for men to go to prostitutes . This legislation is the next important step in the fight against women trafficking , said attorney Ori Keidar , one of the founders of the task force against the problem . "  The legislation against the prostitutes ' customers will bring a reduction in the demand for prostitution and it will be a less lucrative business for crime organizations , " Keidar said . "  This in turn will bring a reduction in the trafficking of women . " Keidar said the legislation is modeled after similar legislation in Sweden that has drastically reduced trafficking and prostitution . Over the past decade , about 10,000 women have been trafficked into Israel in what Keidar calls "  modern slavery . " The women are locked , beaten , raped , starved and forced to receive 15-30 men a day 365 days a year , according to the attorney . About three years ago , Israeli police greatly reduced women trafficking by pouring resources into the problem . Security forces have also helped by stepping up patrols on the Israeli-Egyptian border as a result of al Qaeda presence in the Sinai . This 300-kilometer border was the main route for smuggling women into Israel , Keidar said . "  This legislation against the customers will bring a further reduction in trafficking and with a little more pressure we can make this go away " Keidar said .	The women have price tags detailing their age , weight and height The tags also include their dimensions and country of origin The campaign aims to collect enough signatures to pressure the Israeli justice ministry It hopes the ministry will back legislation that makes it a crime for men to go to prostitutes .
CNN  -- Passengers traveling on Air France may face more delays as the airline prepares to cancel more flights due to a strike by aviation workers , a statement on the airline 's website said Tuesday . Workers , including pilots and flight attendants , have called for a four-day strike to protest a draft law that they say will curtail their right to strike . The work stoppage began Monday . Despite the walk-out , Air France said it was able to operate more than 70 % of its long-haul flights , but on Wednesday , the statement lowers that number to 60 % . Still , several passengers were caught off-guard by the strike . Amelie Straub waited for an hour for her flight to Brazil Monday night before she was told that it was canceled . When the 26-year-old returned to Charles de Gaulle airport Tuesday morning , she still did n't know whether she would be booked on a flight out of Paris . Straub said she 's not upset about the strike , but called Air France 's handling of the walkout "  unacceptable . " "  What the crew did last night , I think that 's unacceptable , " she said . "  I do n't think we should ban the right to strike , but it should be controlled and we should be given ample warning . " Beatrice Lestic , a general coordinator for the transportation unions in France , said that 60 % of pilots were on strike Tuesday , and she expects the number to increase Wednesday . Lestic says Air France employees are against proposed legislation that would require workers to provide a 48-hour notice before they strike . "  Since the arrival of the proposed law , the intentions of government and businesses are clear : removing all means of dissent from air travel personnel , " the main pilot union , SNPL , said . "  Let there be no mistake : in the light of the government and businesses ' will to muzzle airline pilots , we must speak with one voice , " the union added . In addition to the cancellations of long haul flights -- flights involving long distances , such as international ones -- Air France said more than a quarter of its remaining scheduled flights are not expected to get off the ground Tuesday . It advised passengers to postpone trips until after Friday . CNN 's Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	NEW : Air France says despite strike , 70 % of long-haul service was in operation French air transport workers are on strike through Thursday The workers are protesting a draft law that requires a 48-hour notice before a strike
The U.S. Senate gave final approval Thursday to a roughly 1,200-page bill that promises to overhaul immigration laws for the first time since 1986 , creating a path to citizenship for millions of undocumented residents while ratcheting up security along the Mexican border . Senators passed the sweeping legislation -- initially drafted by the four Democrats and four Republicans in the chamber 's so-called "  Gang of Eight " -- by a 68-32 vote . Fourteen Republicans joined a united Democratic caucus in supporting the bill , which is backed by the White House and has the potential to become the crowning legislative achievement of President Barack Obama 's second term . In a White House statement , Obama hailed the Senate vote as "  a critical step " toward fixing what he called a broken immigration system . He labeled the measure that now goes to the Republican-controlled House a compromise , adding that "  we just need Congress to finish the job . " The Senate vote included a rare adherence to old-fashioned protocol . Vice President Joe Biden presided in his constitutional capacity as head of the Senate , and senators voted one-by-one from their desks , calling out "  aye " or "  no . " Republican Sen. Jerry Moran of Kansas broke the drama of the moment when he mistakenly voted "  aye , " then quickly asked the clerk to make it "  no " as the chamber erupted in laughter . Biden tapped his gavel and called for order . Before announcing the result , Biden warned against outbursts from the public gallery , but chants of "  Yes we can " and "  Si se puede " broke out after he read the tally . Biden called for the sergeant at arms to restore order . "  Today is another historic day in the Senate , " said Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont . "  This legislation will reunite families . It will bring millions of people out of the shadows and into our legal system . It will spur job growth and reduce our deficit . And it will make us safer . " "  The time has come to act in the interest of all Americans , " declared Sen. Bob Menendez , D-New Jersey , a member of the Gang of Eight . "  I hope that message will be heard loud and clear in the House  of Representatives  . " Historic ruling opens door for immigration for same-sex spouses Most congressional conservatives , however , remain staunchly opposed to the measure , and have declared it dead on arrival in the House . Obama warned in his statement that opponents of immigration reform will try even harder to derail it . Noting the broad support for the Senate bill from the business community , organized labor and others , he urged people to contact their House representatives and "  tell them to do the right thing . " Republicans are sharply divided over the politically sensitive issue . In the wake of the GOP 's crushing loss among Hispanics in the 2012 election , many top voices in the party have pushed for an endorsement of some form of a path to citizenship for the country 's roughly 11 million undocumented residents . "  No one should dispute  that  like every sovereign nation on this planet , we have a right to control who comes in . But unlike other countries , we are not afraid of people coming in here from other places , " said Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , the most prominent Republican in the Gang of Eight and a potential 2016 presidential candidate . "  I support this reform . Not just because I believe in immigrants , but because I believe in America even more . " For many of the GOP 's strongest supporters , any path to citizenship for those who entered the country illegally is a form of unforgivable amnesty . They also do n't trust the Obama administration to fully enact the bill 's new border security measures , which are generally opposed by progressives . "  There 's just no way I can look my constituents in the eye and tell them that today 's assurances wo n't become tomorrow 's disappointments , " said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . "  We 'll never resolve the immigration problem on a bipartisan basis either now or in the future until we can prove that the border is secure as a condition of legalization . " Senate takes another step toward passing immigration reform Sen. Mike Lee , R-Utah , called the vote on the measure "  largely symbolic " and predicted the bill would ultimately be relegated to the "  ash heap of history . " If enacted , the measure would create a 13-year path to citizenship for most undocumented immigrants , while raising the cap on visas for high skilled workers and establishing a new visa program for low skilled workers on America 's farms . A recently added border security amendment -- introduced by GOP Sens. John Hoeven of North Dakota and Bob Corker of Tennessee -- would require 20,000 more border agents , complete 700 miles of fence along the boundary with Mexico , and deploy $ 3.2 billion in technology upgrades similar to equipment used by U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan . The amendment also strengthens eligibility verification and border entry-exit controls . Most undocumented immigrants would be eligible for permanent residency only after the five conditions have been met and verified by the Department of Homeland Security . While Corker 's and Hoeven 's change appeared to sway some reticent Republicans in the Senate , top House Republicans remained opposed the overall blueprint . "  Apparently some have n't gotten the message : the House is not going to take up and vote on whatever the Senate passes , " said Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  We 're going to do our own bill ... and move the legislation that reflects the will of our majority and the will of the American people . " House Republicans have indicated their intention to tackle the issue with several smaller proposals instead of one larger bill . Boehner repeated his pledge to block a vote on any immigration measure that does n't have the support of a majority of House Republicans . Democrats contend the Senate version would pass the House if brought to a vote , with a united Democratic caucus joined by some Republicans . The speaker also refused to take a position on whether or not there should be some kind of path to citizenship for those who entered the country illegally . Democrats have repeatedly warned they will not agree to a plan that lacks such a path . Regardless , Boehner said he hopes the House will deal with immigration reform this year . "  I have made it clear since the day after the election that this political football should stop , and that the Congress should deal with this issue , " he said . Farm bill failure portends problems for immigration in the House	President Obama says "  we just need Congress to finish the job " The 68-32 Senate vote sends the measure to the House for consideration Speaker Boehner says the House will stick to its own version of immigration reform The Senate bill offers a path to citizenship for millions of undocumented immigrants
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two top North Korean diplomats were traveling to Santa Fe , New Mexico , to hold talks with Gov. Bill Richardson , the governor 's spokesman said . Kim Myong Gil is a senior diplomat with the North Korean mission to the United Nations . Kim Myong Gil and Taek Jong Ho , senior diplomats with the North Korean mission to the United Nations , left New York on Tuesday and are scheduled for a two-day meeting with Richardson , said a U.S. source with knowledge of the visit and a senior State Department official . Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , has traveled to North Korea several times in the past , most recently in April 2007 to secure the return of remains of U.S. soldiers killed during the Korean War . The U.S. source with knowledge of the visit said that the North Koreans had asked Richardson for the meeting . Richardson would listen to what the North Koreans had to say but would not do any negotiating , the source said . The three will meet at the governor 's mansion in Santa Fe for all-day talks Wednesday and then discuss renewable energy initiatives on Thursday , according to Richardson spokesman Gilbert Gallegos . New Mexico is a leader in the United States in exploring renewable energy technologies . The visit comes on the heels of former President Bill Clinton 's trip to North Korea to gain the release of two U.S. journalists held in Pyongyang . Obama administration officials had said they hoped the release of Laura Ling and Euna Lee would give North Korea a face-saving opportunity to return to talks aimed at ending its nuclear program . North Korea has said it would not return to the so-called six-party talks with the U.S. , South Korea , Japan , Russia and China . The New Mexico trip could signal that the North Korean regime was ready to re-engage with the international community , the source said . "  The timing is interesting , " said the U.S. source . "  It 's two days . Interesting things can always be said . And any interesting thing can be passed on to the  Obama  administration . " Because of existing sanctions on Pyongyang , North Korean diplomats serving at the mission to the United Nations are limited to travel within a 20-mile radius outside the New York city limits . The North Koreans had asked for permission to travel to New Mexico , and the State Department granted it , a senior State Department official told CNN . "  The North Koreans asked for permission to travel and as in the past , we have said yes , " the official said . "  But we do n't know what they want to talk to Bill Richardson about . If the North Koreans want to talk , they know who to talk to . They can come back to the six-party process and tell us if they are ready to move toward denuclearization . " CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Source : Richardson would be listening but not negotiating Richardson spokesman : Renewable energy initiatives to be discussed on Thursday N. Korean envoys ' visit comes on heels of former President Clinton 's trip to N. Korea North Korea has said it would not return to so-called Six Party Talks
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said Sunday that Israel was willing to stop attacks on Gaza if the Palestinians stop firing into southern Israel . "  If they stop firing at our communities , then we will stop firing . If they stop firing altogether , then there will be quiet , " Barak said in an interview on Israel Radio . But Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned shortly afterward that the converse was also true . "  Our policy is clear . If attacks against Israeli civilians and Israeli soldiers continue , the response will be very harsh , " he said before the weekly Cabinet meeting Sunday . Barak 's offer comes after a particularly intense few days of hostilities following a Hamas rocket attack on an Israeli bus that left a teenager critically wounded on Thursday . Netanyahu said Sunday the victim , Daniel Wiliech , "  is fighting for his life . We , along with the entire nation , pray for him . " Israel responded with a series of strikes on Gaza that has left at least 18 people dead , the largest number since a major Israeli incursion into the territory in 2008-09 in response to Palestinian rocket attacks . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas Saturday called for an emergency meeting of the Arab League in the face of the upsurge in violence , according to the official Palestinian news agency . The Arab League plans to request that the United Nations Security Council "  consider the aggression against the Gaza Strip " and impose a no-fly zone over Gaza to protect civilians , Hisham Yousef , the Arab League 's chief of staff , said Sunday . Palestinians fired nine mortars and rockets into Israel Sunday morning , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said -- a significant drop from the level of the past few days . On Saturday , the Israeli air force struck and killed three Hamas personnel in southern Gaza , according to both the Israeli military and Palestinian medics . The Israel Defense Forces said the people were a senior Hamas military wing leader and his two bodyguards . In another incident , a Palestinian man died of wounds in an early evening airstrike in the Zeitoun area of Gaza City . Rosenfeld said about 42 rockets and mortars were fired into Israel on Saturday , including 10 longer-range Grad rockets , but no injuries were reported . The military put the number of rockets and mortars fired Saturday at 50 . It said aircraft and armored forces targeted 11 squads of "  terrorists " in the northern and southern Gaza Strip and 15 "  terror activity sites , " including "  terror infrastructure sites , Hamas outposts , smuggling tunnels and weapons manufacturing and storage facilities . " The three-day death toll in Gaza includes at least 10 militants and eight civilians . On Friday , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the attack on a civilian bus "  crossed the line " and that "  whoever tries to hurt and murder children will have no immunity . " In a Friday letter to the U.N. Security Council , Riyad Mansour -- Palestinian ambassador to the United Nations -- charged Israel with using "  indiscriminate and excessive force " and asked for the world body to intervene to "  prevent the slaughter of more innocent civilians . " A Hamas official vowed Saturday to widen the scope of the group 's attacks on Israel if Netanyahu did not agree to halt airstrikes on Gaza . Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri blamed Israel for the surge in violence and said Hamas would do what was needed to protect Palestinians in Gaza . Abu Obeida , spokesman for the Hamas military wing , the Ezzedeen Al-Qassam Brigades , told reporters in Gaza City on Saturday that his group would continue to wage a fight until Palestinians cast off the Israeli occupation and wrested away their lands . He said it was impossible to speak about any sort of calm between Hamas and Israel while there was aggression being committed against the Palestinian people . Israeli officials have cited various precautions to avert casualties . They include early warning systems , road closures near the Gaza border and the use of bomb shelters , police spokesman Rosenfeld said . The Israeli military said Saturday that its newly deployed anti-rocket defense system known as the Iron Dome successfully intercepted Grad rockets that had been fired from Gaza Friday and Saturday . Over the past 48 hours , "  terrorist organizations " in Gaza had fired more than 120 Grad missiles , rockets and mortars at Israel , the IDF said . In a statement released Saturday , the Israeli military said it "  continued striking terror sites in the Gaza Strip " in coordination with Israel 's domestic security agency , the Shin Bet . Journalist Talal Abu Rahma contributed to this report	NEW : The Arab League plans to ask for a no-fly zone over Gaza Prime Minister Netanyahu says a teen hit in a bus attack is fighting for his life Netanyahu warns that Israel will strike back hard if attacks continue At least 18 Palestinians have died in Israeli strikes since the Hamas attack on the bus
CNN  -- Swiss chocolate maker Lindt is expanding into the U.S. , China and Russia as it seeks to combat the impact of the country 's strong franc and the eurozone crisis . The franc , seen as a safe haven currency , has been appreciating as the almost-three year old financial crisis continues to weigh on countries using the euro . The strong currency eats into the company 's bottom line , leaving Lindt -- which turned an operating profit of $ 52 million this year -- struggling to maintain financial momentum . According to Lindt chief executive Ernst Tanner , sales growth is falling short of targets and some of the company 's markets are now in decline . Appreciation of the Swiss franc cost Lindt an estimated 9.5 % of profits in 2011 . "  We have grown from approximately $ 800 million twenty years ago to $ 2.5 billion -LSB- in sales -RSB- last year . But those $ 2.5 billion would be more than $ 4 billion at exchange rates that we had 20 years ago , " Tanner said . Lindt still makes all its chocolate in Zurich , but its expansion plans now include opening boutiques and coffee shops to promote its brand . But the company , famous for its Lindor balls , continues to face challenges in emerging markets . "  The chocolate consumption is relatively low and the Lindt brand is unknown -LSB- in emerging markets -RSB- , " Tanner said . "  With a boutique we can best demonstrate our values , our quality , our breadth of products . This is a vehicle with which we have really established our brand . " CNN 's Arvid Ahlund contributed to this report .	Swiss chocolate maker Lindt is expanding into the U.S. , China and Russia The Swiss company 's profits are being hit by the strong franc Boutiques and coffee shops are central to Lindt 's expansion into emerging markets
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The trial of a Mexican soap opera star -- accused of paying an American to marry her so she could work into the United States -- will also feature a star from a U.S. reality show . Celebrity photographer Markus Klinko , star of Bravo 's "  Double Exposure , " hired an investigator to gather evidence of Fernanda Romero 's alleged sham marriage , according to prosecution and defense documents . Romero , 28 , was arrested on marriage fraud charges in April and her federal trial begins Tuesday in Los Angeles . Her husband is also accused . She would never have been prosecuted if Klinko had not personally financed an investigation of his former girlfriend and delivered the results to immigration agents , the defense said . "  Klinko went to great lengths to see to it that this case was criminally prosecuted and ... did so because of his animus toward defendant Fernanda Romero , " a defense petition said . When Klinko , 49 , takes the stand as a prosecution witness , the defense will try to prove that the Swiss native engaged in his own sham marriage two decades earlier , according to a defense document filed in court . A Texas woman , in a sworn statement filed with the court , said Klinko paid her $ 20,000 for a sham marriage in 1987 . "  The marriage between Markus and me was done for the sole purpose of allowing Markus Klinko to obtain a green card , " Victoria Waisman said in a sworn statement filed with the court . The Klinko-Waisman marriage ended after just four months and was never used for a green card application , the defense document said . Klinko married another woman a day after his divorce from Waisman was finalized . It was through that second marriage that Klinko obtained a U.S. work visa , the defense said . "  As the Waisman evidence shows , Klinko was quite familiar with the crime of marriage fraud , thus was able to construct a somewhat believable case against the defendants , " a defense petition said . Klinko , through an attorney , denied to CNN the accusation that he had been involved in a sham marriage . Klinko earlier denied to CNN that he personally sought to have Romero , his one-time girlfriend , prosecuted . It was his lawyer who gathered and presented the evidence to immigration officials , he said . He said it was not because he was angry over their breakup , but it was part of a legal battle with Romero and Michael Ball , the owner of the Rock & Republic clothing company . Romero was then a model for Ball 's company . Klinko said he turned the evidence over to the government because he feared extortion from Ball and Romero . The former lawyer , Anthony Lopresti , said in a filing in Klinko 's bankruptcy case that it was Klinko who hired the investigator "  to pursue the criminal prosecution and/or deportation of Ms. Romero . " The investigation , which Klinko insisted on , was "  outside the scope " of the lawsuit , Lopresti said . Romero has appeared in at least 15 television shows and films since 2005 , according to the Internet Movie Database , when prosecutors allege she paid Kent Ross , a pizza deliveryman and musician , to marry her . The prosecutor in the case , Assistant U.S. Attorney Jim Left , said Romero could get between 15 and 21 months in prison if convicted , though such cases usually produce shorter sentences . The case is unusual because marriage fraud charges are usually litigated by immigration authorities rather than prosecuted as criminal cases . The federal complaint accused Romero of paying Ross , 28 , to marry her on June 12 , 2005 , but alleges they never lived together as a couple . Romero began dating Klinko a month later , and they lived together for several months , the complaint said . According to a sworn affidavit by ICE Senior Special Agent Bonita Canterberry filed in the case , Klinko and Romero 's relationship ended in 2007 , about the same time Klinko filed a lawsuit against Rock & Republic jeans company and its owner , Ball , alleging breach of contract in relation to a photo shoot . Klinko also accused Ball of extortion . "  In connection with the civil suit , Klinko 's attorney and private investigators looked into the claim that Ball had arranged for the sham marriage between Romero and Ross . Klinko and his attorney turned over to ICE documentation and findings from their investigation , which , in turn , led to the government 's investigation into Romero 's marriage to Ross , " Canterberry 's affidavit says The complaint names Michael Ball as a target of the federal investigation , alleging that he helped arrange the sham marriage while Romero was modeling for his company . Romero 's show business career began in Mexico at age 16 when she joined the ensemble Frizzby , her Internet Movie Database biography says . The group toured Mexico and Central America , releasing two top-10 singles , it says . She started hosting television shows and appearing on commercials in Mexico when she was 18 , it says . Romero has appeared in print and TV ad campaigns for Rock and Republic , Clean and Clear , Pepsi , Apple and JC Penney , it says . "  She was cast in Telemundo 's original production ` Wounded Soul , ' where she was not only a lead actress , but also a lead singer , performing two songs in the soap opera 's soundtrack , " her biography says .	NEW : Markus Klinko denies he also had a sham marriage Fernanda Romero is on trial for using a sham marriage to get a work visa "  Double Exposure " star Markus Klinko is a key prosecution witness Klinko denies he turned his ex-girlfriend in to the feds
A Texas teacher was fired Friday , one week after sending racially charged tweets about incidents in Ferguson , Missouri . Vinita Hegwood said in a statement that she was "  reacting to a series of threatening and racist attacks " made against her and her "  expressed opinions on Ferguson , Missouri , " when she wrote on November 7 , "  Who the  expletive  made you dumb  expletive  crackers think I give a squat  expletive  about your opinions . #Ferguson Kill yourselves . " Later that evening another tweet appeared , saying , "  You exhibit nigga behavior , I 'm a call you a nigga . You acting crackerish , I 'm a call you a cracker . " Hegwood is African-American . Ferguson became a flash point in the debate over race after the August 9 shooting death of Michael Brown , an unarmed black teenager , by Darren Wilson , a white police officer . The fatal shooting sparked a series of protests in the St. Louis suburb . A grand jury is expected to decide soon whether Wilson will face charges . Teacher suspended after Ferguson tweets Hegwood , whom the school district suspended on Monday , submitted her resignation Thursday , accepting responsibility for the tweets that she said were sent "  emotionally and impulsively . " The Duncanville Independent School District 's seven-member board declined to accept her resignation and instead voted to terminate her , district spokeswoman Lari Barager said . District employees do have the right to free speech , Barager said , but Hegwood 's comments were so egregious , the school was left with "  no other option . " Hegwood , an English teacher , was in her second year at Duncanville High School near Dallas . She apologized for any embarrassment her actions may have caused the district . "  My reaction in no way reflects the standards to which I have held myself and my students for the last 20 years of teaching , " she said . Hegwood did not immediately respond to CNN 's calls and emails seeking comment . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests	Texas school district board declines teacher 's resignation , votes to terminate her One tweet on Ferguson , Missouri , events referred to "  dumb  expletive  crackers " Teacher Vinita Hegwood said tweets were sent "  emotionally and impulsively " Hegwood apologizes for any embarrassment her actions may have caused district
CNN  -- When a set of recommendations to reduce gun violence hits President Barack Obama 's desk on Tuesday , it will trigger a new stage in a decisive political battle consuming Washington . And it will show just how much America may have changed in the wake of last month 's massacre in Newtown , Connecticut . The proposals from a White House task force may include some with broad support on issues involving mental health . But one of the most intense flashpoints is already known : The group , overseen by Vice President Joe Biden , is expected to support reinstating an assault weapons ban . "  I would say that the likelihood is they will not be able to get an assault weapons ban through this Congress , " National Rifle Association President David Keene said Sunday . But the powerful gun rights lobbying group is gearing up for a fight , which , CNN has learned , will include an ad campaign . "  When a president takes all the power of his office and is willing to expend political capital , you do n't want to make predictions , " Keene said on "  State of the Union . " Keene said he also does not believe Congress will pass a ban on high-capacity magazines . The NRA argues that such bans wo n't help stop gun violence and that they infringe on Second Amendment rights . But Sen. Chris Murphy , D-Connecticut , said the NRA 's prediction is wrong . "  I think that this issue is going to continue to move , " he told "  State of the Union , " speaking from Newtown . "  The NRA does not represent gun owners anymore . This is not your father 's NRA . It represents gun manufacturers , " Murphy said . While the NRA does receive large sums of money from gun makers , Keene insisted that manufacturers are "  not our constituency . " "  Our constituency is twofold , " he said . "  It 's the American people who want to own guns and use them legally , and it 's the Second Amendment itself . " Biden told reporters last week , amid meetings with a wide array of groups , that he had never heard so much support for "  the need to do something about high-capacity magazines . " Sen. Dianne Feinstein , who is pushing a ban similar to one that expired in 2004 , has said she believes it will make it through Congress . "  All of the things that society regulates , but we ca n't touch guns ? That 's wrong , " Feinstein said in December after 27 people , including 20 children at Sandy Hook Elementary School , were killed in Newtown by a gunman who then shot himself to death . Numerous mass shootings have involved high-capacity weapons . Obama set up the task force and instructed the group to have proposals by the end of January . Biden said last week he will have a set of recommendations ready for the president by Tuesday . While the NRA , with 4.2 million members , holds a great deal of sway , it faces a country deeply concerned about the kinds of weapons that have been used in numerous mass killings . It 's also facing a new foe : a political action committee created by former U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and her husband , Mark Kelly . Giffords was shot in the head in a mass shooting two years ago that killed six people . "  With Americans for Responsible Solutions engaging millions of people about ways to reduce gun violence and funding political activity nationwide , legislators will no longer have reason to fear the gun lobby , " the two vowed in a USA Today op-ed last week . Obama made clear Saturday that he 's ready for a fight over how to respond to gun violence . In his weekly radio address , he gave a list of challenges ahead , including protecting "  our children from the horrors of gun violence . " "  These , too , will be difficult missions for America . But they must be met , " he said . The Obama administration will try to pass an assault weapons ban , an administration official said Friday . Sen. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia , told CNN he believes that a ban on assault weapons alone , "  in the political reality that we have today , will not go anywhere . " A strong advocate for Second Amendment rights with an "  A " rating from the NRA , he has expressed openness to changing laws but argues that other aspects of society should change as well . "  It has to be a comprehensive approach , " he argued Sunday on "  State of the Union . " Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , on Sunday called on the nation 's largest gun retailers to "  participate in a temporary moratorium on selling assault-style rifles until Congress has considered legislation to reduce gun violence , " his office said in a statement . "  Since the Sandy Hook massacre , sales of assault-style rifles have skyrocketed and are poised to grow even further during an upcoming ` Gun Appreciation Day ' organized by extreme pro-gun activists , " the statement said . The group behind the event , scheduled for January 19 , uses its website to encourage Americans to "  go to your local gun store , gun range or gun show with your Constitution , American flags and your ` Hands off my Guns ' sign to send a loud and clear message . " Dick 's Sporting Goods , one of the largest sporting goods retailers , suspended sales of certain semi-automatic rifles nationwide after the Newtown massacure . Another likely point of contention between gun rights activists and those supporting stricter gun control is a call for universal background checks . Biden has said several groups that his task force met with support such checks for all gun buyers , including those who purchase through private sales . Keene has also told CNN that he does not support instituting background checks for purchases at gun shows . He said Sunday the NRA does support the idea that people who are ruled mentally incompetent should be listed as not allowed to purchase firearms . In the interview Sunday , Keene complained that Biden 's panel did n't really listen to what the NRA had to say . Despite promises that the task force had not reached conclusions before hearing from all sides , "  the conclusions were reached , " he argued . "  We suspected all they wanted to be able to do was to say he had talked to us , and now they were going to go forward to do what they wanted to do . " Another question facing Biden 's panel is how to tackle images of shootings in entertainment . His task force met with leaders of the the film , TV and video game industries . It 's unknown what the task force may suggest as a response to what Obama has described as a culture that often "  glorifies guns and violence . " Meanwhile , across the country , Americans of all stripes are debating the issue in person , in town hall meetings , and in social media .	NEW : "  This is not your father 's NRA , " Sen. Chris Murphy says NRA president predicts an assault weapons ban wo n't pass Schumer calls on retailers to suspend sales of assault-style rifles A federal task force on gun violence will present proposals by Tuesday
CNN  "  Real Housewives of Beverly Hills " star and former child actress Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested Thursday morning . Richards was taken into custody by police at the Beverly Hills Hotel on accusations of trespassing , resisting arrest and public intoxication after security personnel complained that she was bothering hotel guests about 1:30 a.m. ` Real Housewives of Atlanta ' cast member 's mother dies A police representative said Richards was asked to leave but refused and then entered a restroom and would n't come out . Hotel security made a "  private persons arrest , " then police entered the restroom and took Richards into custody . "  Ms. Richards was displaying symptoms of alcohol intoxication including slurred speech and belligerent insolent behavior , cursing at the officers and passively resisted arrest , " police said in a statement . "  After being transported to the station for booking , Richards kicked one of the officers in the leg ; however the officer was not injured . " Richards is expected to face misdemeanor charges , according to Lt. Lincoln Hoshino of the Beverly Hills Police Department . She has been released from custody . A call to Richards ' representatives has not been returned . Richards reportedly entered rehab in 2011 for "  serious issues " after what watchers deemed erratic behavior on the reality show , which also features her sister Kyle Richards . The Richardses are the aunts of former TV star Paris Hilton . ` Real Housewives of Atlanta ' husband gets prison Kim Richards appeared in Disney 's "  Escape to Witch Mountain " and "  Wonderful World of Color " as a child and was a frequent guest star on television series , though her acting career later stalled . She had a significant role in the 2006 film "  Black Snake Moan . " Bravo , the network that airs the "  Real Housewives " franchise , declined to comment on her arrest .	"  Real Housewives of Beverly Hills " star Kim Richards was arrested early Thursday morning Beverly Hills police say Richards would n't leave a hotel when asked and later struck an officer
CNN  -- A 42-year-old Utah man planned to "  randomly shoot and kill " at a Salt Lake City mall , then pick off moviegoers , and finally blow up a city bus -- a plot he detailed to a counselor who alerted police -- according to a court document . Jack Harry Stiles has been charged with allegedly making a terrorist threat involving the use of a hoax and a real "  weapon of mass destruction " as defined under Utah law , according to the charging document obtained Tuesday by CNN from the Salt Lake County District Attorney 's Office . The Salt Lake Public Defender 's Office acknowledged Tuesday that it is representing Stiles , but declined otherwise to speak about his case . According to the charging document , police first became aware of the plot after an employee at Pioneer Valley Hospital in West Valley City told them August 12 how Stiles detailed plans to "  kill as many people as possible . " The document did not state why Stiles was at the hospital , identifying the woman he spoke with as a "  crisis worker . " The attack was to unfold Wednesday , which is the anniversary of Stiles ' mother 's death . After the hospital worker , Stiles allegedly himself then spoke to authorities . He specified three targets he had "  mapped out " to determine the best places to hide in order to inflict the most bloodshed , the charging document states . Stiles explained he 'd carry bags containing two automatic handguns with silencers , as well as five extra magazines of ammunition per gun , authorities say . The document did not state whether he had allegedly obtained any of those . "  He talked about going out and procuring these weapons , " Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill told CNN affiliate KSL . "  Or if he could n't do it , then he certainly knew somebody who was sympathetic to him who would help him . " Details , but no answers in Oregon mall shooting The charging document does not specify others involved in the plot , nor is anyone else known to have been arrested in connection to it . Stiles ' first stop : the City Creek Center mall in downtown Salt Lake City . Opened in March 2012 , this shopping mall features restaurants and more than 100 stores such as Nordstrom , Macy 's , Tiffany & Co. , Michael Kors and Coach , according to its website . Having already gone there "  observing people , " Stiles said he planned to go back around lunch time September 25 and "  just randomly shoot and kill people , " the charging document says . His next stop , he told investigators , would be about 5 miles south at the Sugarhouse Movies 10 complex . Stiles allegedly had done his homework there as well , claiming it had slow-moving crowds and no security system and expressing concerns moviegoers might scramble if he went during a busier time . The charging document states that his idea was to take up a position in the back of the theater and start selectively "  shooting people 's heads off " with handguns . Lastly , Stiles said he wanted to plant a bomb under a public bus to detonate as it moved over the City Creek Center bridge "  to cause mass amount of death , " according to the court document . "  The defendant indicated he will not intentionally shoot and kill children , " the charging document says about Stiles ' alleged intentions overall . "  However , the defendant said he will randomly kill people until he runs out of ammunition . " Either that or police get to him . If that happens , according to the document , the suspect planned to "  drop his guns , place his hands in the air and surrender because the police are ` faster shots . ' " Asked Tuesday about the plot , the Utah Transit Authority referred inquiries to the Salt Lake City Police Department . Linda Wardell , general manager of City Creek Center , declined to detail the security measures being taken there . "  The safety of our shoppers and our employees is our top priority every day , " Wardell said . Stiles -- who , according to KSL and other media , was charged Monday -- is being held on $ 1 million bail , another court document states . Previous mall shooting plots	Jack Harry Stiles , 42 , is charged with making a terrorist threat He told police he wanted to "  kill as many people as possible " His first target was a Salt Lake City mall ; his second was a movie theater Lastly , he planned to blow up a bus , according to his charging document
New York  CNN  -- New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg found himself facing questions Thursday about why the city was paying for more than 100 vacant hotel rooms when thousands were displaced after Superstorm Sandy . The rooms were reserved for storm victims who were pushed out of their homes by Sandy , which hit the area October 29 . According to Bloomberg 's office , a total of 1,014 people were housed in 416 rooms , while another 120 rooms designated as emergency housing were vacant . "  We 've gone out and we 've gotten housing for people in case they might need it , but the wonderful thing is we have n't needed it so far , " Bloomberg said Thursday . "  We have hotel rooms in advance , particularly now because as you get toward the holiday season the hotel occupancy goes up , and if we need it -- and I hope we do n't -- we 're going to have those , " he added . That 's a surprise to Nicole Neal , whose whose apartment in the Queens neighborhood of Far Rockaway has n't had heat or power since the storm hit . "  I would go to the hotel , " Neal told CNN on Thursday . "  It 's freezing in my apartment . I got to wear four pairs of socks every day . " Yisroel Schulman , president of the New York Legal Assistance Group , said scores of families are staying in cold , dark homes because they are concerned about looting or they do n't want to pull their children from school . "  We believe strongly the minute that first snow hits , and it 's really cold , these people are going to need housing , " Schulman said . "  It 's a very prudent move on apart of the city to have as much temporary housing as possible . " The city says canvassers have knocked on more than 12,600 doors to tell people that housing assistance is available for those who still lack heat , and they leave flyers on the doors of units where no one answers . Residents are being told about restoration centers where they can be connected with hotels if their heat is still out . Sandy victims outraged over business-as-usual power bills Neal said she had not been contacted about the available hotel rooms . She has been staying with her mother in a crowded Brooklyn apartment while she awaits repairs to her apartment , where she said the walls are caving in and mold is growing on the walls . She said the Federal Emergency Management Agency has given her $ 1,700 and that the city took over responsibility for the housing complex she lived in because the landlord abandoned it . "  That 's why I am so mad , " she said . "  We still do n't have lights . It 's crazy . " Bloomberg 's office said the city expects FEMA to reimburse it for the hotel rooms . FEMA spokesman Dan Watson told CNN that the agency would consider that , provided the city could provide some justification for the costs . As of Wednesday , 473,785 households in New York and New Jersey had applied for disaster relief assistance with FEMA . While not all of the families were requesting housing assistance , officials said they continue to work with state and local officials to help all victims of the deadly storm . Meanwhile , the agency started exploring the possibility of housing some displaced residents on boats , posting a request for information in hopes of finding rapid , cost-effective housing options on small vessels . Opinion : Let 's not forget superstorm victims FEMA said the purpose of the request was for market research only and to explore whether the maritime industry could offer viable options for residents who remain homeless . Officials said the vessels they requested ideally would sleep two to six adults , either as stand-alone boats or interconnected to create a single dwelling made of multiple units . The request for information specifically said the agency is n't looking for cruise ships as a solution to the crisis caused by the colossal storm that pounded the Northeast last month . FEMA faced criticism from residents and politicians for its decision to house first responders and emergency personnel on cruise ships docked in New Orleans and other cities after Hurricane Katrina . Sandy slammed ashore near Atlantic City , New Jersey after forming in the Caribbean and sweeping northward , killing a total of 182 people from Haiti to Canada . It caused widespread flooding and damage and destroyed or damaged more than 30,000 homes and businesses in New Jersey alone , state officials said . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said the latest estimates of Sandy-related storm costs in his state were $ 36.8 billion , while New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo told reporters earlier this week the total cost in his state was $ 41 billion .	NEW : New York paying for vacant hotel rooms for storm victims NEW : Bloomberg says they 're booked in advance as a precaution NEW : "  I would go to the hotel , " Queens woman tells CNN FEMA asks about housing some storm victims on small boats
At least 14 people , including a general , were killed Thursday when a Ukrainian military helicopter was shot down by "  terrorists " near Slovyansk , acting President Oleksandr Turchynov told Parliament . Turchynov said the chopper , which was carrying soldiers for a troop rotation , was shot down with a Russian rocket-propelled grenade launcher . Militants in the rebel stronghold claimed responsibility for downing the helicopter , a spokesman for the militants said . The aircraft had flown there from Kramatorsk , he said , where the Ukrainian military has a substantial presence . The large loss of life will be a major blow to the Ukrainian military , which on Monday toughened its approach to the separatist movement when it launched a fierce assault on militants who 'd taken control of part of Donetsk airport . Also in Slovyansk , the self-declared mayor said pro-Russia separatist militants are holding four European observers who have been missing since Monday . But he declined to say where . "  Our militants got them , " Vyacheslav Ponomarev said Thursday . "  They were detained because they did n't respect my request . I asked them not to leave Donetsk  city  . They decided they were smarter and could come here . " Ponomarev added that the monitors from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe were not being held in the town . They also are not "  exchange material , " he said , indicating that they were not being held to swap for separatists detained by Kiev authorities . Ponomarev said he had been in contact with the OSCE , and they were assessing the situation . He said he would probably release the monitors soon but would n't say when . On Wednesday , Ukrainian Foreign Ministry spokesman Yevhen Perebynis said that a pro-Russia group was holding the monitors and that negotiations for their release were "  in process . " The four team members , who are Swiss , Turkish , Estonian and Danish , were on a routine patrol Monday east of Donetsk city when last heard from , according to the OSCE . The last time an OSCE team went missing in the Donetsk region , its members also turned up in the hands of the militant separatists in Slovyansk and were described by Ponomarev as "  prisoners of war . " They were freed just over a week later . There were fears Wednesday for the safety of another group of 11 monitors who went missing after being stopped at a roadblock in Marinka , west of Donetsk city , but the group later re-established contact with the OSCE . The OSCE said Thursday that the 11 had been abducted for seven hours by a dozen-strong armed group but were released . Separatists : Bodies to be returned to Russia Dozens of pro-Russia separatists were killed after Ukrainian security forces launched their assault on Donetsk International Airport on Monday , following the militants ' seizure of a terminal . The military 's move -- only hours after President-elect Petro Poroshenko declared his election win -- was interpreted by some as an indication that he will take a tougher stance as he seeks to unify the country . Now , the grim task of returning the dead to their families is under way . At least 33 Russian citizens are among the militants killed during the violence , a spokesman for the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic told a CNN team at the morgue . The bodies have been identified , and there is an agreement with the local police to escort the remains back to Russia soon , several separatist representatives said . The bodies will be taken across the border to the southwestern Russian city of Rostov-on-Don . From there , they will be transported to different cities according to where they are from , reportedly including Moscow and Grozny in the Russian republic of Chechnya . The CNN team at the morgue in Donetsk city saw at least 10 coffins . The separatist spokesman at the morgue said the men were volunteers from across Russia who had come to help stand with the separatists against the authorities in Kiev . The spokesman also said that there are still about 15 bodies left at the airport that the separatists have n't been able to collect or identify . About 20 of those killed are Ukrainian , he said . The Donetsk mayor 's official website put the airport death toll at 40 Tuesday , including two civilians , but did not specify how many were separatists . But the separatist spokesman said the death toll could be as high as 70 . If confirmed , this would make Monday the deadliest day in Ukraine since the bloody clashes in Kiev 's Independence Square , or Maidan , which triggered the ouster of pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych in February and led to the current spiral into violence in the east . The separatists have until now insisted that their movement is homegrown , so their very public acknowledgment of so many Russian citizens among those killed Monday marks a shift in approach . It could be intended to goad Moscow into a response at a time when the separatist movement is under pressure to find a way forward and has shown signs of division within its ranks . Kiev and the West have accused Russia of coordinating and supplying the separatists , a claim Moscow has denied . Russia has said it will respect Sunday 's election results . On Thursday , a U.S. official with direct knowledge of the latest intelligence said 30,000 Russian troops that had been amassed along the Russia-Ukraine border have been moving back to their home bases over the last several days . About 10,000 troops -- mainly infantry -- remain along Russia 's border with eastern Ukraine , the official said , and there are some signs those troops will be pulling back as well . NATO this week also reported signs that some Russian troops near Ukraine 's eastern border may be preparing to pull back . The United States has been using satellites to track Russian troop movements for weeks , and both the United States and NATO have released imagery to bolster their case that Russia had amassed tens of thousands of troops along the border . Several U.S. officials have said it appears the Russians have decided to try to work with the new Ukrainian government , but officials also point out that it would n't take much to bring a large number of Russian forces back to the border via transport aircraft at any time . Governor in talks with separatists Serhiy Taruta , the billionaire governor of Donetsk , acknowledged in a CNN interview in Kiev that a Ukrainian military operation was under way in the Donetsk region , but he was unable to comment further . Taruta said he was in talks with pro-Russia separatist leaders in the region to try to calm the situation , adding that the aim was to "  reach real understanding , " rather than just a deal . "  We are having dialogue , which is dragging out because they seem to have a constant rotation of their leaders , but I hope that in the final analysis we will reach an agreement and reconciliation to work together , " he said . Taruta has met with Poroshenko in Kiev , he said , adding that the President-elect will visit the Donetsk region "  we hope in the first half of June . " Meanwhile , a spokeswoman for the Donetsk People 's Republic said that some barricades were being cleared away from in front of the regional administration building in Donetsk city that the separatists have made their headquarters for weeks . She said that separatists were "  cleaning up " and "  instilling order " and that a news conference would soon explain more . Earlier , militants surrounded the building and said they were searching it for looters but explained little more . Russia and Ukraine bicker in U.N. meeting Clashes in eastern Luhansk Amid the ongoing tensions , Ukraine 's National Guard base in the eastern Luhansk region was attacked Wednesday by what the country 's Interior Ministry described as "  terrorists . " "  There have been losses among military personnel as well as among the attackers , " a statement from the ministry said . The Luhansk region is , with neighboring Donetsk , at the heart of the separatists ' bid to declare independence from Ukraine . Eastern Ukraine was a key support base for Yanukovych , and many people there oppose the authorities in Kiev , favoring closer ties instead to Russia . Ukraine : Fierce fighting closes Donetsk airport , claims dozens of lives Opinion : Free elections good for Ukraine , but could be bad for Putin	U.S. official : Tens of thousands of Russian troops along border have been moving back Acting president says Russian grenade launcher downed helicopter Donetsk governor says he is in talks with separatist leaders , aims to calm situation Self-declared separatist mayor of Slovyansk says militants hold 4 missing OSCE monitors
CNN  -- As someone who studies the morality of babies , I am sometimes asked "  Are we naturally good or naturally evil ? " My answer is yes . Most adults have a sense of right and wrong . With the intriguing exception of some psychopaths , people are appalled by acts of cruelty , such as the rape of a child , and uplifted by acts of kindness , such as those heroes who jump onto subways tracks to rescue fallen strangers from oncoming trains . There is a universal urge to help those in need and to punish wrongdoers and there are universal emotional responses that revolve around morality -- anger when we are wronged , pride when we do the right thing and guilt when we transgress . In "  Just Babies , " I argue that much of this is the product of biological evolution . Humans are born with a hard-wired morality , a sense of good and evil is bred in the bone . I know this claim might sound outlandish , but it 's supported now by research in several laboratories . Babies and toddlers can judge the goodness and badness of others ' actions ; they want to reward the good and punish the bad ; they act to help those in distress ; they feel compassion , guilt and righteous anger . In my own research at Yale , done in collaboration with my colleague  and wife  , Karen Wynn , we show babies one-act plays -- puppets shows in which one puppet acts kindly toward a character  helping it up a hill , or opening a box for it , or passing it a ball  and the other puppet acts in a cruel way  pushing it down a hill , or slamming the box shut , or stealing the ball  . Babies ca n't speak , but we can learn about their judgments and preferences from their behavior -- where they look , what they reach for , and , for older babies , who they will give a treat to and who they will take a treat from . We find that even 3-month-olds prefer the good guy to the bad guy , and that older babies and toddlers will reward the good guy and punish the bad guy . Babies also prefer other characters that do the same ; they prefer a just puppet who rewards the good and punishes the bad over an unjust puppet who does the opposite . The existence of a universal moral sense is the good news . But we are , as the anthropologist Robert Ardrey put it , risen apes , not fallen angels . Our brains are the products of natural selection and so one would expect our innate morality to have certain limits . Indeed , studies find that babies start off as little bigots , eagerly dividing the world into us versus them and strongly favoring their own group over everyone else . Although the baby 's capacity for moral judgment applies broadly , when it comes to kindness and compassion , we start off indifferent -- or worse -- toward strangers . The biologist Richard Dawkins was right , then , when he said at the start of "  The Selfish Gene , " "  Be warned that if you wish , as I do , to build a society in which individuals cooperate generously and unselfishly toward a common good , you can expect little help from biological nature . " Or , as a character in a Kingsley Amis novel put it : "  It was no wonder that people were so horrible when they started life as children . " Fortunately , we can transcend our limited biological natures . Modern humans possess abstract moral notions of equality and freedom for all ; we see racism and sexism as evil ; we reject slavery and genocide ; we try to love our enemies . Of course , our actions typically fall short , often way short , of our moral principles , but these principles do shape , in a substantial way , the world that we live in . And being exposed as a child to these moral ideals -- and interacting with people who exemplify these ideals -- is an essential part of growing up to be a good person . Why does this research matter ? For one thing , these findings can change the way parents think of their own babies and children . Many people believe we are born selfish and amoral -- that we start off as pint-sized psychopaths . Others think that genes are destiny , and that some babies are bad seeds , unredeemable souls from the very start . Both these cynical views are mistaken . We are naturally moral beings , but our environments can enhance -- or , sadly , degrade -- this innate moral sense . Finally , an understanding of moral psychology can help us make the world a better place . If you 're interested in reducing racism and bigotry , for instance , it is critical to understand the inborn proclivity to favor one 's own group over others ; if you want to create a just society , you 'll want to learn about how we naturally think about fairness and equity . Good social policy is informed by an understanding of human nature at its best and its worst , and this is what the science of baby morality is all about . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Bloom . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Paul Bloom : Are people naturally good or evil ? Studies with babies yield clues He says babies as young as 3 months exhibit a sense of right and wrong But babies also divide world into us and them , showing strong preference for their own group Bloom : Humans are naturally moral beings but environment can influence how we develop
Editor 's note : This story is part of an ongoing series of profiles CNN is doing about economic survival in this time of financial crisis . Married couple Lindsay De Vore and Eliot Kohan on their delayed honeymoon to Orlando , Florida . CNN  -- At age 23 and fresh out of college , Eliot Kohan was diagnosed with an aggressive form of leukemia . He was told he had four months to live . He survived . But the disease left him and his wife , Lindsay De Vore , who live in St. Paul , Minnesota , saddled with thousands of dollars of medical bills on top of their student loans and daily expenses . But their struggles taught them an important lesson in saving money . "  When you have medical issues , it 's easy to spiral into some sort of depression , " the 26-year-old a technology analyst for a private contracting company in St. Paul said . "  My goal was to keep moving forward . I wanted to create some stability for our us . " All of that hard work saving for the past few years has paid off . The couple is elated to be closing next month on their first home in St. Paul , thanks to the troubled economy . De Vore and Kohan first told their story on CNN 's iReport.com . Share your economic survivor story with CNN . The timing could n't have been better for the couple to purchase a modest three-bedroom , one-story stucco house . De Vore and Kohan locked into a historically low mortgage rate of 4.9 percent this month . The couple selected a foreclosed home , slashing nearly $ 20,000 off the final price . "  We would n't have been able to buy this house if the economy were n't the way it is , " said De Vore , 25 , who works in the financial aid office at a private college in St. Paul . "  We were in the perfect position . " There were more than 300,000 foreclosure filings reported nationwide in December , marking a 17 percent increase from the previous month and a 41 percent increase from December 2007 , according to RealtyTrac , a foreclosure listing service . Meanwhile , unemployment continues to climb to rates unseen in decades . Yet the rocky economy is having a positive effect on some Americans , who are finding it the ideal time to buy a home . Similar to many married couples , Kohan and De Vore envisioned owning a house perhaps two or three years down the road , they say . Soon the couple says they noticed interest rates and home prices dipping so low that they found themselves nabbing a home as soon as they could afford the down payment . But the couple 's ability to afford their first home is a story about fiscal responsibility , patience and determination . De Vore and Kohan , who met in their freshman year at St. Paul 's Hamline University in 2002 , moved into a two-bedroom apartment during their last year of college . For the past five years , they have remained in the same collegiate apartment , furnished with Craigslist finds and family hand-me-downs . "  Money was a reason we 've stayed here so long , " Kohan said last week , bundled up with his wife because their apartment 's heater broke . "  But at a certain point , we felt like we were growing out of it in more ways than just physically . We wanted a change of pace . " The couple says they 've always been tight with money , keeping credit card usage limited to emergencies and being picky about what they spend their money on . But they became more "  money-conscious " in June 2006 , when Kohan was diagnosed with leukemia . He needed a costly stem cell transplant , and the couple did not have enough money . The sickness was evident in his frail face and bruised body . Luckily , when he went on leave from his job , his employers offered to hold his position until he recovered . Back in his hometown of Fergus Falls , a small city in western Minnesota , Kohan 's family and friends threw a benefit , raising $ 12,000 toward the costly medical bills . He soon recovered , but the experience forced him to refocus his goals in life , including buying a house . . The couple began saving in small ways . They bring their lunch to work and eat out only once or twice a month . They cut extra expenses that many couples in their 20s enjoy , such as nights at bars with friends and date nights to the movie theater . To save on gas money , Kohan takes public transportation , a 45-minute bus ride each way , to downtown Minneapolis for work . "  The house was a big motivation , " says De Vore , who tracks their expenses meticulously each month . When the couple married a year after his leukemia diagnosis , she opted for a small , intimate wedding . That helped cut costs too , she said . They waited nearly nine months before heading on their honeymoon trip . Instead of a grand trip abroad , they settled for a smaller trip to Orlando , Florida . Knowing that higher education would help her earn more , De Vore is taking night classes to earn her master 's degree in student affairs . Her tuition is free because she chose to attend the university where she works . By December , the couple began to realize all the saving had amounted to a down payment on a home . They wanted to invest in a home for at least 10 years , they say , so they can try to build equity . De Vore found the home through a real estate agent on her lunch break one afternoon in early January . It was "  nothing fancy , " she says , but the 1960s ranch-style house had a spacious kitchen and a small yard with enough space for a dog that they want . She knew instantly that it would be their new home , she says . "  We worked hard . We did n't cut corners , " she said . "  We did everything we did to get here , and it 's worth it , to our opinion . "	The couple will close on their first home next month in St. Paul , Minnesota They benefited from low mortgage rates and prices on foreclosed homes Eliot Kohan 's leukemia diagnosis helped him realize they had to start saving early "  We worked hard . We did n't cut corners , " Lindsay De Vore says
CNN  -- The Japanese coast guard has rescued a British woman on a solo round-the-world trip whose boat was damaged when it rolled several times during a tropical storm , her team said Friday . Sarah Outen was rescued by the coast guard in rough seas Friday afternoon , the London2London team wrote on its website . "  Sarah is now making her way to back to Japan , " the team wrote . "  We are awaiting final confirmation of details of Sarah 's arrival in Japan and will let you know more once we have further information . " A nearby merchant vessel and a coast guard plane kept watch on Outen until the rescue ship arrived . Sarah Outen : Around the world on two boats and a bike A small amount of water had gotten into the cabin of Outen 's boat , Gulliver , but she was "  bearing up well and demonstrating the strength and resolve that has brought her the huge distance on the journey so far , " the team said before her rescue . She asked for pancakes , cold orange juice and grapes for her first meal after arriving in Japan . Planning a round-the-world trip Coincidentally , a second solo British rower is about 280 miles northeast of Outen 's position and is also awaiting rescue , Outen 's team said . Charlie Martell departed Japan last month on a quest to row 6,000 miles across the Pacific , his website says . Outen managed to send updates on Twitter while waiting for rescue , writing , "  Trying hard2 smile and breathe calm keep getting interuptd by waves throwing us over . "  sic "  Focusing on calm trying2 block out wind and waves . Visualizing family and friends pulling us in . " Sarah Outen : Volunteering with victims of Japanese tsunami Outen began her solo circumnavigation April 1 , 2011 , in London with plans to cycle , row and kayak more than 20,000 miles . She hopes to finish in London in autumn 2013 . She is halfway to her goal . Her team says she has already cycled and kayaked more than 11,000 miles , going through countries including Germany , Poland , Ukraine , Kazakhstan and China . Outen is traveling alone , assisted by a London-based team that includes doctors , a weather forecaster and a sports psychotherapist . CNN 's Kyung Lah in Tokyo contributed to this report .	NEW : Sarah Outen 's boat was damaged when it rolled during a tropical storm , her team says Another solo British rower is also awaiting rescue Outen has already cycled , kayaked and rowed more than 11,000 miles
CNN  -- Jurors started to deliberate Friday after prosecutors and defense attorneys made closing arguments in the murder trial of an anti-abortion activist charged with killing a doctor who performed late-term abortion procedures . Scott Roeder is charged with murder in the death of Dr. George Tiller , who was shot to death May 31 in his church in Wichita , Kansas . Prosecutor Ann Swegle urged jurors to convict Roeder , reminding the jury of the defendant 's testimony Thursday . "  His testimony was delivered very matter-of-factly , but its contents were chillingly horrific , " she said . "  He carried out a planned assassination , and there can be no other verdict in this case ... other than guilty . " Kim T. Park , chief deputy district attorney , told the jurors that Roeder 's actions were unjustified and cowardly . "  Scott Roeder is not justified , " she said . "  He is only and simply guilty of the crimes he is charged with . " Mark Rudy , a defense attorney for Roeder , told jurors that Roeder believed he had to act . "  Scott thought that the babies kept on dying , " he said . "  Scott formed a belief that he had to stop George Tiller from killing more babies . " He admitted that Roeder killed Tiller but said only the jurors can decide if Roeder "  murdered " Tiller . He said he was not asking jurors "  to check your common sense at the door " and urged them to "  represent our little part of the nation well . " "  No defendant should ever be convicted based on his convictions , " Rudy said . Roeder testified Thursday that he shot and killed Tiller and did not regret it . "  There was nothing being done , and the legal process had been exhausted , and these babies were dying every day , " Roeder said . "  I felt that if someone did not do something , he was going to continue . " Tiller ran a women 's clinic at which he performed abortions . Sedgwick County District Judge Warren Wilbert ruled after the end of testimony Thursday that the jury could not consider a lesser charge of voluntary manslaughter against Roeder as the defense wanted . In making the ruling , Wilbert noted that Roeder had been talking about killing Tiller for 10 years , CNN affiliate WDAF reported . Several of Tiller 's family members broke into tears as Roeder recounted the shooting . Roeder said he did n't regret what he did and felt "  a sense of relief " when he learned that Tiller 's clinic was shut down after his death . Roeder calmly testified that he thought about different ways to kill the doctor -- driving a car into his , perhaps , or shooting him with a rifle . He also considered cutting Tiller 's hands off with a sword , but decided that would not be effective , as Tiller would still be able to train others . Tiller , 67 , was one of the few U.S. doctors who performed late-term abortion procedures . He had already survived one attempt on his life before he was killed . He decided to kill Tiller at his church , he said , because "  I felt that actually if he was to be stopped , that was probably the only place he could have been stopped . ... It was the only window of opportunity I saw . " Roeder said he visited the church four or five times before Tiller 's death . The week before the shooting , on May 24 , he carried a .22 - caliber handgun with him , he testified , but Tiller did not attend church that day . On May 31 , though , the doctor was there , and "  I did what I thought was needed to be done to protect the children , " Roeder said . "  I shot him . " "  The lives of those children were in imminent danger if someone did not stop George Tiller , " he said . The defense had sought to have former Kansas Attorney General Phill Kline and current Deputy Attorney General Barry Disney testify , but the judge did not allow it . Kline unsuccessfully attempted to prosecute Tiller in 2006 , and Disney charged Tiller with 19 misdemeanor counts , but a jury acquitted him . Wilbert said Roeder could testify about the cases and how they affected his beliefs , but to allow testimony from Kline would "  get into legal matters that do not concern this jury . " And , the judge said , the cases do not give Roeder a basis to state absolutely that Tiller 's actions were illegal , since the doctor had never been convicted . Defense attorneys claim Roeder was led to shoot Tiller in part because of authorities ' failure to punish him through the judicial system . Roeder testified he was "  very frustrated " by Tiller 's acquittal , saying it "  seemed like that was the last attempt by the state of Kansas to find if there was anything at all going on illegally in George Tiller 's clinic . " Roeder could face life in prison if convicted of first-degree murder . He also is charged with two counts of aggravated assault for allegedly pointing his gun at two other ushers as he fled the church .	Scott Roeder accused of killing Dr. George Tiller at church in May 2009 Tiller ran a women 's clinic where he performed abortions in Wichita , Kansas Roeder testified he thought of various ways to kill Tiller Defense attorney told jurors Roeder believed he had to act .
CNN  -- French authorities said Wednesday that they will not authorize weekend demonstrations in Paris as protests over an anti-Muslim video started to fade worldwide . Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault told radio station RTL that French police forces have been reinforced should protesters organize . "  There is no reason to bring conflicts in our country that do not concern France , " he said . Adding to the debate , the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo published cartoons featuring a figure resembling the Prophet Mohammed in an issue that hit newsstands Wednesday . Any depiction of Islam 's prophet is considered blasphemy by many Muslims . Magazine director Stephane Charbonnier told CNN affiliate BFM-TV that his staff is trying "  to comment  on  the news in a satirical way . " French authorities stationed extra police protection outside the magazine 's offices in advance of publication . The offices were attacked in November when the magazine was due to publish an issue with a cover appearing to make fun of Islamic law . "  In France , we always have the right to write and draw . And if some people are not happy with this , they can sue us , and we can defend ourselves . That 's democracy , " Charlie Hebdo journalist Laurent Leger said . "  You do n't throw bombs , you discuss , you debate . But you do n't act violently . We have to stand and resist pressure from extremism . " A demonstration took place Wednesday in Tyre , Lebanon , organized by Hezbollah , which the United States labels as a terrorist group . At a similar protest Monday in Beirut , thousands took part , waving Hezbollah flags and yelling , "  America is an enemy of God . " "  You most dignified of messengers , we are here to honor you , our prophet Mohammed , " they chanted . The reaction to the video in neighboring Iraq "  has been quite muted " compared with elsewhere in the region , the nominee to be the U.S. ambassador to Iraq said Wednesday . "  There have been demonstrations throughout the country , but they have been low-level , and there has been nothing that is specifically threatening , " Robert Stephen Beecroft said at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing in Washington . "  There have been statements highly critical of the film that is at issue and statements by some political leaders that they should examine their relationship with the United States because of this film . But on the whole , we get good cooperation , " he said . Due to recent events , officials have taken an even closer look at security and are working with Iraqi officials to ensure that U.S. personnel are "  safe as can be on our terms , " he said . "  Innocence of Muslims " was an obscure Internet video until September 11 , when rioters , seizing on it , breached the U.S. Embassy in Cairo . Protesters also attacked the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , killing U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans . "  The Innocence of Muslims " mocks the Muslim Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer , child molester and killer . Washington has made it clear that it did not sanction the film , although it was produced in the United States . A week of protests have rippled from Morocco to Malaysia , spurring U.S. officials to increase security at diplomatic missions and demand other governments to take action . Libya has taken steps to arrest those responsible for last week 's deadly consulate attack , bringing in dozens for questioning over the weekend , Libyan officials said . The exact number of arrests was unclear . One Libyan official said those arrested included suspects from Mali and Algeria as well as al Qaeda sympathizers . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Tuesday that FBI agents had arrived in Tripoli . They had delayed entering the country a few days while the situation remained especially volatile . The United States is looking at security at all diplomatic posts and will augment it at specific locations if necessary , Clinton said . CNN 's Susannah Palk , Salma Abdelaziz , Karen Smith , Virginia Nicolaidis , Josh Levs and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	NEW : At Hezbollah demonstration , people chant , "  America is an enemy of God " NEW : Reaction in Iraq has been "  muted , " but precautions are being taken , U.S. official says "  There is no reason to bring conflicts in our country , " French prime minister says Libya has taken steps to arrest those responsible for last week 's deadly consulate attack
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- Armed men fatally shot a Malaysian police officer and abducted another at a diving resort on the island of Borneo , according to Malaysian authorities . A group of eight gunmen dressed in army fatigues stormed the Mabul Water Bungalow Resort off the eastern coast of Sabah on Saturday evening and fired on marine police officers guarding the complex , said Eastern Sabah Security Command director Abdul Rashid Harun . The masked attackers fled by boat with one of the police officers , 26-year-old Constable Zakiah Aliep , after a gunfight that killed another , Corporal Abdul Rajah Jamuan , 32 . The two policemen were stationed at the resort following a series of kidnappings which began in Sabah last year . Harun said it was unclear who was responsible for the attack , but the vessel was seen traveling toward the southern Philippines , which is a notorious safe haven for Filipino separatists . With pristine diving spots that are considered some of the best in the world , Sabah is a popular destination for tourists but the region remains vulnerable to attacks by insurgents from the southern Philippines . This is the fourth incident involving suspected Filipino gunmen on the island this year . In April , a Chinese tourist and a Filipina worker were kidnapped from a diving resort off Semporna . A month later , a Chinese fish farm company manager was abducted from Batik Island near Lahad Datu . All three have been released following negotiations with Malaysian and Filipino security forces . Another Chinese citizen and a Malaysian worker , who were kidnapped from a fish farm near Kunak on June 23 , remain missing . Police believe the gunmen responsible for Saturday 's incident avoided detection by rowing a boat to the resort before springing the surprise attack from the rear of the complex , a spokesperson for the Malaysian police , Asmawati Ahmad , confirmed Monday . Malaysia 's prime minister Najib Razak has expressed his condolences to the family of the officer killed in the ambush , and promised authorities would try their best "  to look for and rescue " the missing constable . The Mabul Water Bungalow Resort was operating as usual Monday , a spokesperson for the hotel told CNN . Police investigations into the attack are ongoing , Harun from the Eastern Sabah Security Command said .	One policeman is dead and another kidnapped in Malaysian Borneo Authorities believe Filipino gunmen are responsible Latest in a string of abductions on the island -- a popular tourist destination Several other kidnapping victims have been released
Tokyo  CNN  -- A 63-year-old man wanted in connection with the murder of five people in a remote Japanese hamlet has been captured after a manhunt involving more than 400 police . Three bodies were found on Sunday after two houses in Mitake , a tiny community in western Japan 's Yamaguchi prefecture , were gutted by a "  suspicious " fire , Yamaguchi police spokesman Katsumi Harada told CNN on Wednesday . The following morning , two more corpses were found a few hundred meters away in the same neighborhood in the victims ' respective homes . An autopsy revealed that all five victims were killed by injuries to the head , prompting police to set up a task force to investigate a possible serial killer , Harada said . The wanted man -- who lived next to the burned out houses -- disappeared , prompting a huge manhunt . Police found the man in the mountains barely 1 km from the village . He was barefoot , wearing only his underwear when he was discovered , police spokesman Kazutaka Umemoto told CNN . The man was then taken to the nearest police station at Shunan for questioning . The case attracted significant media attention after a note , apparently written in the form of a "  haiku " poem -- a short form of Japanese verse -- was left hanging in the window of the fugitive man 's home . According to the authorities , the poem translated as : "  Setting on fire , smoke gives delight , to country fellows . " They have refused to draw a link between the poem and the killings . Mitake is a remote , mountainous community with less than 20 inhabitants . According to local media , the arrested man lived alone , and moved into the neighborhood about 20 years ago to take care of his elderly parents . Reports suggested the man grew increasingly alienated in the small community after his parents died about 7-8 years ago . One of the victims frequently quarreled with him over his dog , according to Yomiuri Shimbun , Japan 's largest newspaper .	Police have captured a 63-year-old man in connection with a series of killings Five bodies discovered in remote village in Western Japan ; their house burned down A note , in the form of a poem , was found in the home of man police are hunting
CNN  -- Recep Tayyip Erdogan was officially sworn in as Turkey 's new president Thursday after comfortably winning the country 's first direct vote to decide its head of state earlier this month . The appointment could see the 60-year-old former semi-professional football player remain at the top of Turkish politics for at least another decade . Erdogan was elected as prime minister of Turkey three times between 2003 and 2014 but the internal rules of his Freedom and Justice Party  AK  prevented him from running for the position again . While the presidential role is designed to be a ceremonial one -- akin to that held by the Queen in the United Kingdom -- Erdogan has already indicated a desire to change the constitution that will see his remit extended . But how do businesses on the ground feel about Turkey 's future and Erdogan 's continuing role in front line politics ? Foreign direct investment surged tenfold from just $ 20 billion in 2001 to over $ 200 billion today while massive infrastructure projects like Istanbul 's Marmaray Tunnel were completed under Erdogan 's watch . However , growth has slowed to just over 2 % in recent years and international ratings agencies such as Moody 's and Fitch have cautioned investors over political and social unrest within the country . CNN 's John Defterios spoke with Besir Ustaoglu , President of the American-Turkish Chamber of Commerce , about the prospects for the emerging market economy , with its 80 million consumers . He started by asking whether he was concerned by Turkey 's slower rate of growth in recent years . Besir Ustaoglu  BU  : We have been growing quite rapidly in the last ten years .  But  nowadays the economy is slowing down , you are right . We should be expecting to see a growth rate of 3 % to 3.5 % in the next few years . John Defterios  JD  : This is a difficult time because of the unrest in Iraq which could last a few years . You have the challenges to the south in Syria , and Europe is slowing down again . Where do you get your export growth ? BU : Well the neighboring countries in the southern part of Turkey , Iraq and Syria were our main partners for export in the old days -- actually being the main gateway to the Middle East Markets . Going through Syria , Turkey was exporting to almost a dozen markets . You are right , it has stopped and now the European Union is going through recession . Hopefully the United States and the European Union is working on the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership  TTIP  project . Turkey is a partner and is exporting to both the EU and the United States . JD : Years ago though , Mr Erdogan was touting great growth to the Middle East and Africa . Africa is still in play but the Middle East is very chaotic . This is really going to undermine the prospects for the next few years , is n't it ? BU : Of course after the Arab Spring , in northern Africa -- where Turkey had so many contractors in Libya , in Egypt and Algeria -- this also did n't help the Turkish economy . I hope in the near future all these conflicts will be resolved and again Turkish contractors will again take their place in these countries . JD : You 've had Mr Erdogan in office as prime minister for almost a dozen years . He could be in power  as president  for another ten years . Does this not concern you , that there 's a centralization of power under one personality and one individual ? BU : Not really , because if you look at it Turkey has had its best time in terms of economics and social welfare in the last 12 years . Since November 3 , 2002 , things have been really growing .  That 's  a good track record of a dozen years , as you say , of managing the country and  managing  relations  with the likes  of Europe and the United States . I think Mr Erdogan  should be  given a chance to see what happens in his presidency . JD : It 's interesting to see the ratings agencies , particularly Fitch and Moody 's , are putting a question mark over domestic political challenges . Do you think that 's fair ? BU : I do n't think so . If you look at the Turkish economy we have our own dynamics . If you look at production , it is increasing . Unemployment is not so bad . We have an average age of 29 , it is a big consumer market . So ratings institutes , I do n't know why they are trying to reduce the ratings of Turkey .	Recep Tayyip Erdogan sworn in as new president of Turkey Erdogan was elected as the country 's prime minister three times between 2003 and 2014 The country 's growth has stalled in recent years and ratings agencies have warned of political and social unrest
