London , England  CNN  -- Wayne Rooney ensured he hit the headlines for all the right reasons by ending his international goal drought during England 's 3-1 Group G win over Switzerland in Euro 2012 qualifying . The Manchester United striker was hit by allegations about his private life in the British press at the weekend but shrugged off the controversy to register his first goal for England in 11 games . He converted Glen Johnson 's cross to open the scoring before Manchester City winger Adam Johnson made it 2-0 in the second half after Switzerland 's Stephan Lichtsteiner had been sent off . Though 18-year-old Xherdan Shaqiri pulled one back for the hosts with a spectacular strike , Sunderland striker Darren Bent made the game safe with a late third for England . In the group 's other game Elsad Zverotic 's goal was enough to hand Montenegro a surprise 1-0 in Belgium . Managerless Portugal continued their disappointing start to the campaign as they were beaten 1-0 by Norway in Group H. Coach Carlos Queiroz is serving a six-month ban following an incident involving an anti-doping team before the 2010 World Cup and in his absence Portugal are struggling . Erik Huseklepp scored the only goal of the game after 21 minutes to leave Portugal with just one point from two games as Norway went top . Morten Skoubo netted a late winner for Denmark as they beat Iceland in the group 's other game . France bounced back from their shock defeat to Belarus on Friday by winning 2-0 against Bosnia-Herzegovina in Group D. Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema opened the scoring on 72 minutes before Chelsea 's Florent Malouda grabbed the second . Elsewhere in Group D , Hamdi Salihi 's goal gave Albania a 1-0 victory over Luxembourg while Belarus and Romania drew 0-0 . Miroslav Klose scored twice as Germany maintained their 100 per cent record in Group A by thrashing Azerbaijan 6-1 . Heiko Westermann , Lukas Podolski , Holger Badstuber and a Rashad Sadygov own goal completed the rout in Munich . In Istanbul , Turkey made it two wins out of two in their qualification campaign as they beat Belgium 3-2 thanks to a late goal from Arda Turan . Bayern Munich defender Daniel Van Buyten scored twice for Belgium , who had Vincent Kompany sent off . Late goals from Roland Linz and Erwin Hoffer helped Austria to a 2-0 win over Kazakhstan in Vienna . In Group C , Italy hammered the Faroe Islands 5-0 . Alberto Gilardino , Daniele De Rossi , Antonio Cassano , Fabio Quagliarella and Andrea Pirlo all got on the scoresheet as the Azzurri went top of the table . In the group 's other game a late goal from Nikola Zigic rescued a draw for Serbia against Slovenia . Russia were beaten 1-0 at home by Slovakia in Group F. Miroslav Stoch scored the only goal for the visitors . Elsewhere , Spurs striker Robbie Keane scored for Ireland as they beat Andorra 3-1 in Dublin , while Macedonia and Armenia drew 2-2 . Schalke striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar scored twice for the Netherlands as they beat Finland 2-1 in Group E . But Sweden are top of the group after they thrashed San Marino 6-0 . AC Milan striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored two goals in the rout . Hungary beat Moldova 2-1 thanks to goals from Gergely Rudolf and Vladimir Koman .	Wayne Rooney scores as England beat Switzerland 3-1 in Euro 2012 qualifying Managerless Portugal lose 1-0 to Norway as their poor start continues France bounce back from defeat to Belarus by winning 2-0 in Bosnia-Herzegovina Miroslav Klose scores twice as Germany beat Azerbaijan 6-1
Seoul  CNN  -- Pictured giggling on a park bench , 89-year-old Lee Soon-sang and his wife , Kim Eun-hae , look as though they met just yesterday . In fact , they married more than 60 years ago . But for half a century , Kim believed her husband was dead , missing in action during the Korean War  1950-53  . Then in August 2004 , a telephone call came from China . "  I thought someone was trying to make money off me . I got many calls like that over the years from China , but I did n't pay attention , " she said . This was no ordinary call . The voice on the other end of the line shook her to the core . It really was her husband . "  I asked , ` Are you really alive ? ' He answered , ` Yes , I am alive . ' Then I asked if he knew so and so , and he did know them . That 's how I knew it was real . " When they finally met , they barely recognized each other . "  He was so skinny , he was wobbling in , " recalled Kim . "  I could only recognize his nose . " In contrast Lee could n't believe how well fed his wife looked . "  She looked like one of those landlords from the old days , " he said . "  And the propaganda , that all South Koreans are starving to death ... that Americans are taking all the rice and only giving back rotten flour ... I only heard this kind of propaganda , so I thought she was dead . "  We just held each other and cried . " Lee Soon-sang had been captured by the North Korean army in 1953 , two days before the Armistice was signed . He spent three-and-a-half years in a prisoner of war camp and was then sent to work in the notorious coalmines at Aoji , North Korea -- also a production site for gunpowder . There he had remarried and had children -- though he said he never forgot about life before the war . "  Life in North Korea was hard ' , he said . "  So I always thought about my hometown . Even though I believed my wife was dead , I always thought I 'd go back one day . " Decades later , in 2004 , a "  broker " got in touch -- they are middlemen who make their living smuggling people in and out of North Korea . "  He told me that Kim Eun-hae and my son were in China with lots of money , that I should take the money and go back to North Korea to live a better life . " Aged 77 by then , he had managed to save up 20,000 North Korean won  approximately US$ 150  selling cigarettes . "  In North Korea , that 's a lot of money . You could buy a small house with that . I gave that to my wife and said , ` I 'm going to pick acorns , I 'll be back in two or three days . ' That 's how I left . " He said he meant to return . But he never did . He wo n't talk about the family he left behind . "  I 'm happy now . You 're my wife , " he told Kim . But the bitterness of his choice is a reality for many whose lives and loyalties were split by a divided Korea . Why the Korean War still matters Lee attends a lunch organized for prisoners of war like him -- a group of about a dozen men who meet three times a week , all of whom were held captive in the North long after the 1953 Armistice agreement when Pyongyang agreed to return all prisoners of war . Kim Sung Tae left his adopted daughter behind in North Korea when he fled in 2001 . "  How can we see each other unless there 's reunification ? " He 's 81 . He does not expect to see her again . He described the terrible hardships of his life in North Korea , especially the six months he spent in a prisoner of war camp . "  We were fed just a few hundred grams of grain a day , " he recalled . "  I would wake up in the morning and grab handfuls of lice from my body . That was normal . " For more than a decade after , his life was spent in a succession of regular prisons , often in solitary confinement in a cell no larger than the size of a crouching man . "  When I came back to South Korea , I asked them to take me to a prison here so I could compare . It was like paradise . South Korean prisons treated their prisoners better than North Korea treated their citizens . " According to South Korea 's Defense Ministry , 8,343 former servicemen have returned to the South since 1953 . Eighty of those men escaped through a third country decades after the Armistice was signed . Based on their testimony , the Seoul government believes there are still some 500 POWs living in the North . Kim Sung Tae feels the government should do more to bring them home . Recently , Unification Minister Ryoo Kihi-jae repeated his call for North Korea to resolve the issue of former servicemen and other abductees kept by the North . Pyongyang claims they are there of their own free will . And in the absence of actual talks between the two countries , Seoul has little leverage to orchestrate their release . Men like Lee Soon-sang and Kim Sung Tae are living proof that Pyongyang is wrong . But many Korean war veterans are now well into their eighties -- no longer at an age where fleeing across treacherous borders is particularly feasible . Men whose fate was sealed when they were taken prisoner 60 years ago may never see freedom again .	Lee Soon-sang and his wife reunited after more than half a century Lee was taken prisoner by North after the Korean War  1950-53 Thinking his wife was dead , he remarried and had children in North South Korea has called on Pyongyang to release all servicemen held there
CNN  -- What was it Jane Fonda used to say ? "  No pain , no gain . " She was n't talking about punching a guy in the face , handcuffing him to a chair for days and weeks on end , stringing him upside down like a piece of dry-cleaning , setting him on fire  feel the burn !  and running him over with a van , but these nuances can get lost in translation when an ambitious young man takes it into his head to improve his lot in life . Such is the plot of "  Pain & Gain . " Daniel Lugo  Mark Wahlberg  is like Don Vito Corleone : he believes in America . His heroes are the self-made men -- like the Corleones , like Scarface . The guys who started with nothing and made it happen for themselves . Do-ers , not do n't - ers . Daniel believes in America and he believes in fitness , and having proved his worth by attaining the physique he always wanted and tripling the membership at the Miami gym where he works  primarily by offering free memberships to strippers  he reckons he deserves the rest of the package : the big house , the boat , the sports car , the money . And so he hatches a "  three-finger plan . " With two bodybuilding buddies  Anthony Mackie and Dwayne Johnson  , he snatches a wealthy client  Tony Shalhoub  and tortures him until he signs away all his property and assets . Surprisingly , this works . The gang 's gross incompetence and double-digit IQ is matched only by the indifference of local law enforcement . Although he 's famous for his boys ' toys movies  "  Transformers , " "  Armageddon "  , let 's not forget Michael Bay cut his teeth on the slick buddy cop movie "  Bad Boys , " which filmed in and around Miami at much the same time as Daniel Lugo and pals were chopping up body parts with a chainsaw and an ax . Does that make this self-styled "  small movie " a more personal , mature work than his blockbusters ? Well , it 's R-rated , which means Bay gets to indulge his sexism and casual homophobia more explicitly than usual , albeit roped to a scattershot satire of dumbbell self-improvement culture and rampant egomania . Writers Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely have shown a knack for hardboiled black comedy before , notably in "  You Kill Me , " and it 's easy to imagine that the Coen brothers could have fashioned something sharp and funny out of this dismal true story . But even if he 's obviously imitating "  Burn After Reading "  the Coens ' worst film  and "  Fargo "  possibly their best  , putting a satire in Bay 's hands is rather like presenting the keys of a stolen Lamborghini to a drunken teenager . It 's a fast ride , but it does n't take you where you want to go . This is a movie about stupidity and cruelty in which stupidity and cruelty permeate almost every scene . Bay does n't hold anything back -- everything is over-pitched and underlined in hot neon . If he 's braked his trademark action cutting , it 's only to go overboard on slow-motion so as not to miss a single drop of blood or perspiration . He casts broad comic actors like Rebel Wilson , Rob Corddry , Michael Rispoli and Ken Jeong in supporting roles while encouraging his leads to play it straight , but caricatures victims and criminals alike . They 're all contemptible in his eyes -- the women more than anyone . Israeli model Bar Paly plays an Eastern European stripper who is apparently so stupid she believes Daniel is a CIA agent . She 's also subjected to a throwaway gang rape gag for her trouble -- thanks for that , Michael . The scenes of violence -- played for gross-out black comedy -- are especially toxic . This crude and ugly entertainment is as crass as everything this depressingly successful filmmaker has done .	"  Pain & Gain , " directed by Michael Bay , is based on a true crime story The film stars Mark Wahlberg , Anthony Mackie and Dwayne Johnson The director 's callous disregard for human suffering is plain to see
CNN  -- Life had not quite worked out the way Fuad Ibrahim had planned . A few years ago the whole world was laid out at the 21-year-old American striker 's feet . Ibee , as he is known by his coaches and teammates , was considered one of the most naturally talented players ever to emerge in U.S. soccer . He was quickly brought into the national team set up , playing in every game at the Under-17 World Cup finals . At the age of 16 he was the second youngest player ever to be drafted into the MLS . Perhaps prophetically , the youngest was Freddy Adu , a name that has become a euphemism for talent unfulfilled . Luck , nerve , injury , temperament : no one could explain Ibee 's decline after being called up to the U.S. Under-20 squad . But decline he did as he went from Dallas to Toronto and then to his hometown club , the Minnesota Stars in the NASL -- the second tier of U.S. soccer . The decline appeared terminal when he was released at the end of last season . . And then out of the blue an email arrived from the country of his birth -- Ethiopia . "  It said that Ethiopia would like to invite me to play for the national team , " Ibee told CNN , speaking from his hotel room in the capital Addis Ababa . Africa calling Ibee had left Ethiopia with his parents when he was eight . He only remembers blurry snippets from his life there , while he does not speak much of the language , just a few words and phrases . He still does not know quite what to make of how things have turned out . His entire life had been geared towards one day playing for the full U.S. men 's national team . Now there was another potential future on the Horn of Africa . "  I did n't think they wanted me to go right away but then they kept emailing me , " added Ibee . "  Eventually I replied back , thinking it might be something for the future . A couple of times we had contact over the phone . Then I realized they were serious . " Soon Ibee was flying to the high altitude of Addis Ababa and into Ethiopia 's squad for the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations , a biennial tournament considered one of the toughest , and most entertaining in world soccer . The Story of Libya 's Rebel Soccer Team Ethiopia had once been champions of Africa . But a devastating series of famines and wars killed millions of people in the 1970s and 80s . Soccer took a back seat until last year when the Walya Antelopes came from nowhere to qualify for their first Africa Cup of Nations in 31 years . Coach Sewnet Bishaw has masterminded their shock qualification -- Ethiopia having somehow made it through after losing 5-3 against Sudan in their first match . But Bishaw knew that , in a continent that provides some of the best players to the best clubs in the world -- with top African players playing for the likes of Real Madrid , Chelsea and Barcelona -- experience in foreign leagues would be needed . Eventually that trawl led to the MLS and to Ibee , who was handed his first start in a warm-up match against Tanzania . He scored . "  It was a special moment to score , " Ibee said of his first-half strike in a 2-1 victory . "  It will live with me for the rest of my life . " A Minnesota winter After emigrating to the U.S. the Ibrahim family settled in the wintry climes of Minnesota . His father made a living at a driving school , while Ibee soon discovered that he had a talent at soccer . "  It was the United States , the land of opportunity , so it was a chance to be raised in a better environment to have that opportunity in life , " he said of the family 's reasons for emigrating . "  But for any kid growing up in Africa , soccer is the first sport they play . I was never really serious but I started playing club teams , I was doing good and realized I should stick with it ... everything for me then was all about playing for the States . " He tried his hand briefly at American football -- as a kicker his record for a field goal was 34 yards -- but soccer was always his first love . It was after Ibrahim had been called up to the MLS residency program at the IMG Academy in Bradenton , Florida that Ibee started to dream of the world stage . "  I always wanted to play for the US national team , " he said . "  I got an Under-15 invite to stay in Florida and from day one it was special , playing pre-season against MLS teams . I realized I could make it . We were already playing professional teams . I thought , I could be there one day . I would n't be where I was today if was n't for U.S. soccer . " Ibee graduated seamlessly through U.S. soccer 's national youth teams , playing at the Under-17 World Cup in South Korea before being called up to the Under-20 team , the last step before becoming a full international . "  Ibee was one of the most talented players to come through the U.S. Under-17 and 20 teams , " said Thomas Rongen , the current youth academy director at Toronto , who was coach of the Under -20 U.S. national team at the time . "  But -LSB- he -RSB- was not able to make the step to the highest level . -LSB- Ibee -RSB- signed as one of the youngest players in the history of MLS , only Freddy Adu was younger . Technically very sound ... but -LSB- he -RSB- was not able to adapt to the professional game at the highest level . " The next big thing ? What went wrong ? "  I 'll be honest , I did n't have any injury when I was at Toronto and I 'm not someone to blame other people for things in the past , " explained Ibee . "  I was doing good but as time goes , growing up with so many coaches -- Toronto FC has had eight coaches in five years -- it effected my playing time . "  When a new coach came in I 'd get a rhythm , they 'd get fired and then a new one came in . All of a sudden you have to rebuild trust . It kind of kept happening . " After Toronto Ibee tried to get his big break in Europe , but that did not work out either . "  I was here and there in Austria and Denmark . I did n't find a place where I really fitted in . It did n't go the way I wanted . But this is life . You have to live with it and learn . " Then came the call from Ethiopia . "  The weather was very difficult especially coming from the cold and suddenly I 'm in high altitude , " he said of his arrival in Adidis Ababa , whichat 2,355 meters above sea level is the fifth highest capital city in the world . "  It was tough in the first week . But I 've got used to it . It was time to play for my country , the country I was born in . " Young Americans Ibee is not the only American soccer player that has made the move to a different national team . During qualification for the 2014 World Cup , national teams from Haiti , Palestine and Afghanistan , among others , have scoured U.S. soccer 's talent network looking for second and third generation immigrants to bolster their teams . An American Soccer Star Playing For Palestine "  There are a growing number of Americans playing for other national teams but it 's almost a second choice , " said Brian Sciaretta , a New York Times blogger , who runs Yanks Abroad , a website detailing the foreign adventures of American soccer players . He has seen a huge number of players coming through the U.S. system before turning up in the most unlikely of places from Ethiopia to Tajikistan . As many as 400 play in Europe alone . "  There 's so many different ethnically diverse people in the States . Soccer is new but we 've always been athletic people . We have state-of-the-art fitness and dieting . It 's quite attractive to foreign coaches , " he said . "  If soccer can make it work in this country it could have revolutionary effect on global football . " Now Ibee has the chance to put his career back on track . Currently a free agent , a good Africa Cup of Nations could secure him a contract back in the U.S. or even in Europe . First there is the task of negotiating a tough group containing reigning champions Zambia , former champions Nigeria and Burkina Faso . "  Technically they are very , very talented , " Ibee said of his teammates . Although he can not speak Amharic , he communicates with Bisaw in English . "  They have a different style of playing . They can shock anybody . No one thought Zambia would win the Africa Cup of Nations last year but they shocked everybody . " Shop window True life did not quite work out as expected for Fuad Ibrahim . But sometimes that is not necessarily a bad thing . Arsenal coach Arsene Wenger recently argued that the Africa Cup of Nations is the last tournament in world football where unknown players and teams can emerge to be stars . "  This time in South Africa you will have Ethiopia , " he said . "  If I ask you to name five Ethiopian players , I am sure you will have a problem . " Wenger 's quotes have been used by Bishaw to motivate his team further . But the chance to play against some of the best players in the world , and get his career back on track , is motivation enough for Ibee . "  It 's a great opportunity for me , " he said . "  Soccer can change the the way rest of the world view Ethiopia and Ethiopian soccer . After the goal I scored people recognize me in the street . I hope I do that on the big stage . " "  Only God knows . I 'll leave it up to God . "	This weekend sees the start of the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations in South Africa Former winners Ethiopia have qualified for their first AFCoN in 31 years In the squad is former U.S. Under-20 international Fuad Ibrahim The 21-year-old raised in Minnesota before being picked up by Ethiopia
Mashable  -- Google plans to create 20 special channels on its YouTube site , and will spend $ 100 million to create original programming to populate them , according to sources who talked with the Wall Street Journal . Like Netflix announced last month , Google wants to create its own streaming video programs , however , according to the WSJ sources , the company will create low-cost programming designed specifically for the web and YouTube , and support the shows with advertising . The sources said this will be a "  major overhaul " to YouTube , which already has a lucrative advertising system in place . It was unclear when Google would begin spending the money to create the new programs , but the source said that Google has visited top Hollywood talent agencies in search of ideas , and will probably end up making deals with production companies and directors to produce the content . Good move , Google . The direction broadcast television is taking is beginning to look obvious , where web-connected screens are finding their way into the living room and home theater in ever-increasing numbers . In addition to a plethora of set top boxes , many new TV sets are equipped with Internet connections , and Google 's own Google TV hardware is starting to make sense in light of this latest initiative . With original content produced specifically for the web inserted into the battle for viewers , it 's going to be more difficult for cable TV , broadcast and satellite TV to dominate television broadcasting as they still do . Now , instead of 500 channels and nothing on , there will be 5 million channels , and if Google has anything to do with it , there will be something on . It might be cats playing the piano -- now dressed up in tuxedos because of their expanded budget -- but it will be something . And that something is just the beginning . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Google plans to create 20 special channels on its YouTube site Sources say this will be a "  major overhaul " to YouTube Google has visited top Hollywood talent agencies in search of ideas
ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- American children are n't necessarily getting smarter or dumber , but that might not be good enough to compete globally , according to numbers cited Tuesday by Secretary of Education Arne Duncan . The National Center for Education Statistics found U.S. students placed below average in math and science . He noted a special analysis put out last week by the National Center for Education Statistics that compares 15-year-old U.S. students with students from other countries in the Organization for Economic Development . It found the U.S. students placed below average in math and science . In math , U.S. high schoolers were in the bottom quarter of the countries that participated , trailing countries including Finland , China and Estonia . According to the report , the U.S. math scores were not measurably different in 2006 from the previous scores in 2003 . But while other countries have improved , the United States has remained stagnant . In science , the United States falls behind countries such as Canada , Japan and the Czech Republic . Duncan told a room full of science and math experts of the National Science Board on Tuesday morning that this will hurt the United States as it competes internationally . "  We are lagging the rest of the world , and we are lagging it in pretty substantial ways , " he said . "  I think we have become complacent . We 've sort of lost our way . " He acknowledged that in some areas of the United States it is hard to find good math and science teachers . To solve that problem , he said , "  I think we should pay math and science teachers a lot more money . We pay everybody the same . We have areas of critical need -- math , science , foreign language , special education in some places . I think we need to pay a premium for that . " The National Education Association , which represents teachers , argues against such a proposal . "  Simply being a teacher of a hard-to-staff subject does not equate with effective instruction , and therefore , should not be rewarded in-and-of-itself through a salary differential , " the organization says in a position statement . The fourth - and eighth-graders who were part of the mathematics testing have improved their average scores compared with their European counterparts , but they still lag behind their Asian peers in China , Hong Kong , Japan , Korea and Singapore . In science , fourth-graders have fallen behind other students even though their average scores remained about the same . The eighth-graders ' scores remain about the same compared to 1995 . "  It has huge implications , " Duncan said . "  I think as a real economic imperative we have to educate our way to a better economy . "	National Center for Education Statistics put out special analysis In math , U.S. high schoolers were in the bottom quarter of the countries Education secretary : "  We are lagging the rest of the world ... in pretty substantial ways "
CNN  The search for a comic book artist missing in the Cayman Islands since Thursday is now being called a recovery mission . Norman Lee , an artist for DC and Marvel comics , went missing while snorkeling with his wife off the eastern coast of Grand Cayman , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . Strong currents hindered the search , which lasted until Friday evening , Cayman 27 reported . "  It is unlikely that we will make any recovery at this stage , " Chief Inspector Brad Ebanks told Cayman 27 . Lee , 47 , of Weymouth , Massachusetts , was known and for his work on "  Wolverine Annual , " "  Supergirl , " "  Starman " and other comic book titles . Tributes flooded his Facebook page and Twitter from friends , fans and colleagues who knew him from art school and comic conventions . "  I can not express how shaken I am that I will never get the chance to see that smile again , and it saddens me that this world has lost a wonderful man in Norman Lee . To his wife Jan , and his family and all his friends and fans that loved him , my sincerest condolences , " friend and fellow graphic artist Chris Kinniery said on Facebook . "  I 'm so sorry to hear about Norman Lee 's disappearance . My condolences go out to his family . ... He was an amazing talent in the industry and it was always a pleasure to work with him , " freelance artist	Comic book artist Norman Lee went missing in the Cayman Islands on Thursday Authorities called off search on Friday evening
CNN  -- The Louisiana man who Saturday became the first Vietnamese-American elected to the House says he hopes his win will push more young people to become politically active . Anh "  Joseph " Cao says his win shows that "  really anything can happen . " "  I am very honored and at this point , somewhat speechless to be the first Vietnamese-American congressman , " Anh "  Joseph " Cao told CNN on Sunday . "  But I also hope that many of our young people will consider being more politically active and being move involved in the community . Because as you can see , really anything can happen . " The Republican defeated nine-term Democratic Rep. William Jefferson in the mostly African-American and heavily Democratic New Orleans-area district . Jefferson had been expected to win a 10th term despite battling scandals and a federal indictment for the past three years . The contest , which drew a light turnout , was delayed until Saturday after Hurricane Gustav swept through southern Louisiana in late August . Had the vote been held during the November 4 general election , Jefferson -- who is black -- may have benefited from the heavy African-American voter turnout for Barack Obama . Cao conceded that low voter turnout aided his victory . "  We were hoping for a low turnout because it would provide us with the greater chance of winning , " said Cao , a lawyer and community activist . "  Based on the demographics of the district , a high voter turnout would have gone to our disadvantage . " Cao also may have been helped by the scandal that has plagued Jefferson . Jefferson , who pleaded not guilty to 16 criminal counts of racketeering , bribery , money laundering and obstruction of justice , denies any wrongdoing . In 2005 , Jefferson 's private homes in Washington and New Orleans were raided , and FBI agents say they found $ 90,000 in cash stashed in one of his freezers . Officials say the money was part of a payment in marked bills from an FBI informant in a transaction captured on videotape . Jefferson also is accused of soliciting and receiving hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes for himself and his family in exchange for promoting their products and services to countries in Africa . Cao said he came to the United States at the age of 8 after his family fled Vietnam as it fell to communists . "  When I -LSB- was -RSB- 9 years old , I received a letter from my father while he was in the re-education camp , " Cao said . "  He told me to study hard , to work hard and to give back to your country and to your community . So I hope to do that in Congress . "	Anh "  Joseph " Cao is first Vietnamese-American elected to the U.S. House Cao , of Louisiana , defeated Rep. William Jefferson , who was battling scandal Cao says he hopes win will encourage young people to become politically active
CNN  -- A car bomb attack in Algeria has killed three people and wounded 23 , the Algerian Press Service reported . An Algerian policeman stands in front of destroyed buildings in Thenia . The attack occurred Tuesday near an office housing judicial police in the city of Thenia , about 50 km  31 miles  east of the capital of Algiers , the agency said . The blast destroyed about 20 houses , and a commission has been appointed to look after the victims , the press agency said . Islamic extremists in Algeria and other North African countries have struck several times in recent years . An al Qaeda affiliate claimed responsibility last year for the deadliest attack in Algiers in 10 years , a bombing that destroyed the prime minister 's headquarters and a police base , killing at least 24 people and wounding more than 220 . Al Qaeda also took responsibility for a January 2 bombing that killed four and wounded 20 at a building housing security forces in Naciria , a city about 50 km  31 miles  east of Algiers . E-mail to a friend	Attack occurred near an office housing judicial police in the city of Thenia The blast destroyed about 20 houses ; 23 also injured Al Qaeda also took responsibility for a January 2 bombing that killed four
CNN  -- World No. 2 Roger Federer reached the semifinals of the Paris Masters for the first time in his long and illustrious career with a straight-sets victory over Austria 's Jurgen Melzer on Friday . The top seed in the absence of the injured Rafael Nadal , Federer had previously never made it past the last-eight stage -- where he was eliminated in 2002 , 2003 and 2008 . It is the second time he has beaten a frustrating run in the capital , having ended his long wait for a first French Open title on clay at Roland Garros last year . The Swiss star , a 16-time Grand Slam champion who has won 65 career titles , defeated 11th seed Melzer for the third time this season following straight-sets victories at Wimbledon and the US Open . The 29-year-old triumphed 6-1 7-6  7-4  against the French Open semifinalist to set up a Saturday showdown with last year 's losing finalist Gael Monfils , who upset world No. 4 Andy Murray in front of a jubilant home crowd in the late match . "  I thought I served well the whole match , " Federer told the ATP website after firing 18 aces , his best in a two-set match . "  I think in the second he was able play a bit more solid overall , and I think he served a bit better . Top guys rarely just go through two sets not having a sniff at all . His sniff was in the breaker when he hit two good returns to go 2-1 in a mini-break , really . " French 12th seed Monfils lost the opening game to love but broke Murray on the Scot 's next turn at serve before going on to seal a 6-2 2-6 6-3 victory . Monfils will be seeking to stop Federer 's bid to win a third successive ATP event as he bids to emulate last year 's feat , when he made it to the title match before losing to Novak Djokovic . The other semifinal of the indoor hardcourt tournament will be fought out by fourth seed Robin Soderling and dark horse Michael Llodra , who knocked out Djokovic on Thursday . Soderling saw off American eighth seed Andy Roddick , with the Swede winning 7-5 6-4 against a player he will line up with at the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London later this month . He reached the last four at Paris-Bercy for the first time , having ended a run of two three-set defeats to Roddick in the U.S. earlier this year . "  I just did n't feel sharp - everything was very basic , " Roddick told the ATP website . "  I played one good point , one bad point . The basics were n't there as much as they have been in the past couple of weeks , which is disappointing . " World No. 34 Llodra , France 's fourth-ranked player , boosted his chances of being picked for next month 's Davis Cup final against Serbia as he continued his dream run this week . The first unseeded semifinalist since 2007 , the left-hander defeated Russian 10th seed and 2006 champion Nikolay Davydenko 7-5 6-1 . The 30-year-old fought back from 4-2 down in the first set to win 11 of the next 13 games . "  I needed to play serve-and-volley because he was returning very well , " Llodra said . "  I was very lucid on break-points . When I had opportunities , I tried to be aggressive . I think today it was more mental victory than a tennis victory . "	Roger Federer had previously lost all three of his quarterfinals at Paris Masters The 29-year-old beats Jurgen Melzer to set up clash with last year 's runner-up Gael Monfils Fourth seed Robin Soderling will play dark horse Michael Llodra in other semifinal Frenchman Llodra became the first unseeded player to reach last four since 2007
CNN  -- For years , Germany has been feted as the strong man of Europe : While those around it battled years of boom-and-bust , Germany , stable and consistent , thrived . Its economy -- and the economic management of its leaders -- was frequently cited as an example to the rest of the world . But in recent years , that very stability has come to threaten the country , by forcing it to take a leading role in the bailouts of its less economically healthy neighbors , pledging to protect them from sinking under the weight of their debts . Despite being seen as vital for the survival of the euro , Germany 's actions have been greeted with anger and frustration at home . A Bloomberg/YouGov poll published on Tuesday found that just 15 % of Germans questioned approved of their government 's performance during the euro crisis , while 75 % disapproved . Concern about what the bailouts will mean for the eurozone has proved contagious , tarnishing not just the economies , but the individuals involved -- and German Chancellor Angela Merkel is no exception . Merkel and Sarkozy huddle as euro struggles Frequently dubbed Germany 's "  Iron Lady " and hailed as the country 's answer to former UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , the euro crisis has now left Merkel 's image looking decidedly rusty . Merkel , 57 , the daughter of a Protestant minister , was brought up in then-Communist East Germany . She trained as a chemist before turning to politics as a member of the conservative , right-wing Christian Democrats  CDU  . She was elected as chancellor -- the first woman to hold the post -- in 2005 , 15 years after she entered parliament . She was re-elected in 2009 , but recent polls suggest she may struggle to secure a third term . A survey by German television channel ARD earlier this month recorded a drop in Merkel 's approval ratings -- just 45 % of those polled said they were satisfied with her work , a slide of four points compared with the previous month . The same poll appeared to predict a grim future for Merkel 's CDU/CSU , with support for the party slipping to 36 % , compared to the 51 % who backed likely coalition partners , the Social Democratic Party and the Greens . And there was further bad news for Merkel , with her coalition partners , the Free Democrats  FDP  , notching up just 4 % support in the survey -- a result that , were it to be repeated in real elections , would see them fall below the minimum vote threshold , and lose their place in parliament . The FDP has already threatened to withdraw their support for the coalition if Merkel and the CDU back controversial euro bonds as a potential solution to the European debt crisis -- a move that could bring down the government . In March this year , the CDU lost control of the prosperous southern state of Baden-Wurttemberg , which it had governed ever since the 1950s . And with more elections to come later this year , in Berlin and the northern state of Mecklenberg-Western Pomerania , many CDU members fear the euro crisis could yet do further damage to the party -- and its embattled leader . As Germany 's conservative Die Welt newspaper recently pointed out in an editorial , "  it is possible the next election may even hinge on this issue . " "  For Merkel , it is both a curse and a blessing . Like her one-time mentor Helmut Kohl , it would provide her the chance to go down in history as a great European . At the same time , she runs the risk of what happened to her predecessor , Gerhard Schröder . -LSB- Who -RSB- did the right thing economically -- but was then voted out of office . " The latest financial figures mean Merkel and her party can no longer rely on the strength of the economy to see them through . On Tuesday , Germany announced its GDP for the second quarter of 2011 had virtually flatlined , growing by just 0.1 %  compared to 1.3 % growth in the first quarter of the year  . German slowdown adds to eurozone crisis There may be trouble ahead for Merkel , and for Germany as a whole , but the country 's years of stability should allow it to weather the storm more easily than some of its neighbors . And while the euro crisis has dented the chancellor 's image , the Bloomberg/YouGov poll suggests that most German hostility over the situation is directed towards Greece . Of those Germans questioned in the survey , 59 % were firmly opposed to further bailouts  with just 20 % supporting them  , and 58 % backed the idea of booting Greece out of the eurozone .	Euro crisis has hit German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's popularity ratings Recent polls suggest she may struggle to secure third term . Germany has played lead role in bailouts of economically weaker neighbors But this week Germany announced weak economic growth
CNN  -- The state visit of the President of Ireland , Michael D. Higgins to Britain this week is the culmination of a series of contacts at head of state level over 21 years , the most important of which was the successful State visit by Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh to Ireland in May 2011 . I had been surprised to learn , in the spring of 1991 , that as the seventh President of Ireland I would become the first to visit Britain as president . It is difficult to believe now but no previous Irish president in the history of the state had traveled to "  mainland " Britain for official business . There was a problem , for example , with how to describe me . Because of Northern Ireland , the British would not agree to call me "  president of Ireland " ! The occasion of my visit was to accept an honorary degree from Cambridge University , conferred by its chancellor , the Duke of Edinburgh and join President Vaclav Havel in London to decide on the logo and values for the Bank for Reconstruction of Eastern Europe . This was one illustration of the fact that relations between the two countries were not normal because of the disputed claims at the time by Britain and Ireland over Northern Ireland . My first meeting with Queen Elizabeth II occurred in May 1993 when she invited my husband Nick and me to take tea in Buckingham Palace . This was neither a "  state visit " or an "  official visit " ; it was a sui generis , carefully orchestrated meeting at head-of-state level between two countries with a troubled past seeking , in a symbolic way , to begin reconciling . We both understood the symbolism of that moment , captured in photographs of the two women heads of state smiling side by side . In 1995 I joined the Queen for an event in St. James Palace , London , commemorating the 150th anniversary of the Queen 's Colleges which had been established in Belfast , Cork and Galway  although only Belfast retains that name and original structure  . In June 1996 I was honored to be invited on an official visit to Britain by Prime Minister John Major , which included a lunch with Queen and Prince Edward , preceded by an inspection of the guard of honor at Buckingham Palace . That was the most emotional moment for me , standing beside the Queen and hearing the Irish national anthem played . President Mary McAleese had a number of opportunities to strengthen the personal relationship in meetings with Queen Elizabeth during her 14 years as president and ultimately was her host for that memorable state visit in 2011 . There is understandable anticipation on both sides of the Irish Sea for the return state visit of Higgins to Britain next week . During and since my presidency of Ireland , a difficult peace process was undertaken and came to fruition . I remember hosting a lunch in my official residence in 1995 for Senator George Mitchell , who had been asked by U.S. President Bill Clinton to help organize an economic conference in Belfast , so that those still fighting in the streets there might begin to think of a future peace dividend . Later Mitchell 's role changed to that of an effective mediator at the beginning of the peace process . The Good Friday Agreement was signed during the first year of McAleese 's presidency and , being from Northern Ireland , she was able to support in symbolic and diplomatic ways the further progress in establishing peace and shared political power in Northern Ireland . Trade and cultural relations between the two countries intensified during this period , helped by the fact that both countries are members of the European Union and share many common interests . Important amendments were made to the Irish constitution , which requires a referendum of the people , that both permitted the State to comply with the Belfast Agreement and provided for the removal of the "  territorial claim " contained in Articles 2 and 3 . The Northern Ireland referendum , to approve the agreement was held on the same day as the Irish referendum thereby symbolizing that the citizens of the land had the power to realize a change . As the relationships at all levels improved there was a growing pressure for this to be recognized at the highest state level , and we are about to witness the final act in that formal process . In my current work as U.N. special envoy to the Great Lakes in Africa , I am required to be in Rwanda at the time of the state visit next week , marking the 20th anniversary of the terrible genocide in that country . When I can , I will be glued to a television set , hoping to see coverage of a state visit that will evoke many memories and bring about the full normalization of the relations between two close and historic neighbors . READ : Queen welcomes Irish president -- and the thaw continues	Michael D. Higgins makes state visit to Britain this week , first ever by Irish President Understandable anticipation on both sides of the Irish Sea , says former President Mary Robinson Robinson : Visit means full normalization of relations between two close and historic neighbors
CNN  -- A Florida jury awarded a 92-year-old man $ 1.9 million in compensatory damages for the death of his wife , a former two-pack-a-day Marlboro smoker who started when she was 16 and died in her 70s , attorneys said Thursday . A jury awarded a 92-year-old man $ 1.9 million in compensatory damages for the death of his wife . The jury of five women and one man deliberated for slightly more than a day before deciding on the amount , attorneys for both sides said . The jurors put the total award at $ 5.3 million but found that Philip Morris USA was only 36.5 percent responsible for the lung cancer that plaintiffs said killed Leon Barbanell 's wife . Shirley Barbanell herself was deemed 63.5 percent responsible , the attorneys said . Plaintiff 's attorney Jonathan Gdanski said the jury found a design defect and a breach of warranty . Philip Morris announced that it plans to appeal the case , one of thousands of "  Engle progeny " cases , named after a 2006 Florida Supreme Court decision that decertified a class-action lawsuit against the tobacco industry . That case involved Dr. Howard A. Engle , a Miami Beach pediatrician and smoker who served as the lead plaintiff in the class-action suit . The decertification decision let former class members file lawsuits individually , and thousands did . The Florida Supreme Court also allowed some factual findings about smoking causing disease be taken from Engle case and applied to the progeny cases "  so plaintiff 's attorneys do n't have to start from square one in each of these cases , " said Ed Sweda , a lawyer for the Tobacco Products Liability Project in Boston , Massachusetts . The industry has balked at that . "  Today 's verdict is the result of a severely prejudicial trial plan , " said Murray Garnick , Altria Client Services senior vice president and associate general counsel , speaking on behalf of Philip Morris USA , in a written statement . "  From beginning to end , this case was marked by legal rulings that should be reversed on appeal , including allowing this jury to rely almost exclusively on findings by a prior jury that have no direct connection with the plaintiff in this case . " So far , six of the eight Engle cases that have gone to trial have come back with a plaintiff 's verdict , said Sweda . "  Another bunch are in the pipeline ready for trial this year , " he said . About Thursday 's verdict , he said , "  This is certainly a clear indication that tobacco litigation is alive and well . " Gdanski said his firm has more than 150 Engle cases . "  We 're more than happy to keep trying them , " he said .	Leon Barbanell 's wife smoked two packs a day for more than 50 years Six jurors deliberated for a day , put the total award at $ 5.3 million Jury determined Philip Morris USA was only 36.5 percent responsible Anti-smoking advocate : "  Tobacco litigation is alive and well "
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras  CNN  -- Hours after the sitting president was deposed by a military-led coup , a new president of Honduras was sworn in Sunday . Honduras President Jose Manuel Zelaya was detained and sent to Costa Rica , the government said . But the former president was not ready to give up his powers . The political developments that swept Honduras over the past weeks and led up to Sunday 's coup had the makings of a crisis , but the situation in the Central American nation of 8 million people was calm . Roberto Micheletti was sworn in as provisional president to the applause of members of Congress , who chanted , "  Honduras ! Honduras ! " Outside the building , supporters of ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya protested , but their numbers were limited , and the streets remained mostly peaceful . Micheletti told CNN en Español Sunday evening that he has imposed an "  indefinite " curfew . Micheletti , the head of Congress , became president after lawmakers voted by a show of hands to strip Zelaya of his powers , with a resolution stating that Zelaya "  provoked confrontations and divisions " within the country . A letter of resignation purported to be from Zelaya was read to members before the vote . But the deposed president , Zelaya , emphatically denied in an interview with CNN en Español that he wrote the letter . Speaking from Costa Rica , where he was taken after the coup , he said he plans to continue exercising his presidential duties with a trip to Managua , Nicaragua , to attend a summit of Central American heads-of-state . Zelaya awoke to the sound of gunfire in his residence and was still in his pajamas when the military forced him to leave the country Sunday morning , he told reporters . He was flown to Costa Rica , where he has not requested political asylum . "  This was a brutal kidnapping of me with no justification , " Zelaya said . He called the coup an attack on Honduran democracy . "  There are ways to protest without arms , " Zelaya said . The coup came on the same day that he had vowed to follow through with a nonbinding referendum that the Honduran Supreme Court had ruled illegal . Watch details on "  curious situation " in Honduras " The coup was widely criticized in the region , in strongest terms by Zelaya 's leftist allies , including Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . A statement from Venezuela 's foreign ministry said Zelaya was "  violently expelled from his country by a group of unpatriotic , coup-mongering soldiers . " The Bolivian government also condemned the coup , accusing Honduran troops of kidnapping Zelaya and violently expelling him from his country . Elsewhere , Jose Miguel Insulza , the secretary-general of the Organization of American States , strongly condemned the coup in a statement . And in Washington , President Obama said in a statement that he was "  deeply concerned " by the news . "  I call on all political and social actors in Honduras to respect democratic norms , the rule of law and the tenets of the Inter-American Democratic Charter , " Obama said . "  Any existing tensions and disputes must be resolved peacefully through dialogue free from any outside interference . " The president of the General Assembly of the United Nations , Miguel d'Escoto Brockmann , called the Honduran military 's intervention a "  criminal action . " But in Honduras , the Supreme Court said in an official statement that the military was acting in accordance with a court order to put an end to Sunday 's scheduled vote , which the court 's justices had found illegal . Micheletti addressed the issue directly in his first remarks as provisional president . "  I did not reach this position because of a coup , " Micheletti said . "  I am here because of an absolutely legal transition process . " No other countries immediately recognized Micheletti as president . Zelaya , a leftist elected in 2005 , had found himself pitted against the other branches of government and military leaders over the issue of Sunday 's planned referendum . It would have asked voters to place a measure on November 's ballot allowing the formation of a constitutional assembly that could modify the nation 's charter to allow the president to run for another term . In various interviews Sunday , Zelaya characterized the vote not as a referendum , but as a survey to gauge receptiveness toward a constitutional assembly . He denied that he would have been the beneficiary of any future constitutional changes . Zelaya , whose four-year term ends in January 2010 , can not run for re-election under current law . The Honduran Supreme Court had ruled the poll illegal , and Congress and the top military brass agreed , but Zelaya had remained steadfast . In the end , it appeared the opposition to Zelaya was too great . The military confiscated the ballots from the presidential residence , in effect canceling the disputed vote . In separate appearances Sunday , Zelaya , Venezuela 's Chavez and Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez said that the military had also detained Honduran Foreign Minister Patricia Rodas , further raising regional tensions . Speaking in Havana , Rodriguez said that the Cuban , Venezuelan and Nicaraguan ambassadors to Honduras had tried but were unable to protect Rodas from a group of masked soldiers who forcibly took her from their grasp . Further details regarding that incident were unclear . "  If they attack our ambassadors , they will be declaring a state of war , " Chavez said . "  If they have weapons , then we have weapons , too . "	Honduran Congress strips president of powers , names provisional president Obama statement : "  I call on all ... to respect democratic norms " Military detains President Jose Manuel Zelaya , flies him to Costa Rica Zelaya says he plans to continue exercising presidential duties
A South Carolina judge has ordered the state attorney general 's office to stop pursuing criminal charges against Craigslist.com while a lawsuit related to prostitution ads on the popular classifieds site makes its way through the courts . South Carolina Attorney General Henry McMaster has threatened criminal action against Craigslist . In statements to the media and on his Web site , South Carolina Attorney General Henry McMaster has accused Craigslist 's operators of not doing enough to eliminate ads soliciting prostitution in accordance with an agreement struck last November with 40 states attorney generals . Earlier this month , McMaster sent a letter to Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster accusing the site of failing to "  install sufficient safeguards " to prevent it from being used "  as a vehicle to advertise or solicit prostitution . " McMaster set a deadline of 5 p.m.May 15 to permanently remove portions of the site "  allowing for the solicitation of prostitution and the dissemination and posting of graphic pornographic material " or face criminal prosecution . In response , Craigslist filed a lawsuit on Wednesday seeking to prevent McMaster and his employees from charging the site with crimes related to the ads , claiming that to do so violates Craigslist 's First and Fourteenth Amendment Rights . The site also alleges that McMaster 's threats of prosecution violate the Communications Decency Act , which states that no "  provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider . " On Friday , Judge Weston Houck granted Craigslist 's request for a temporary restraining order preventing McMaster and his employees from "  initiating or pursuing and prosecution against craigslist or its officers and employees in relation to content posted by third parties on Craigslist 's Web site " until the court rules on the merits of the site 's lawsuit . Craigslist 's lawsuit cites an interview McMaster gave to Fox News on Monday , in which he likened the site "  to a hotel or motel owner that knows prostitution is going on on their premises and fails to do anything about it especially after having been told . " The lawsuit contends that , because the site relies on posters for content , McMaster 's threats leave Craigslist with no choice other than to shut down its South Carolina section or face criminal prosecution . Craigslist 's says that since November , the San Francisco , California-based company has undertaken significant good faith measures to cut back on prostitution-related ads , accounting for an 80 percent reduction in ads in its erotic services subcategory in U.S. cities . Some of the measures included asking posters for credit card number and telephone verification , implementing keyword filtering , and shuttering the erotic services section altogether , the Web site claims . In its place , the site established an adult section , where , in addition to the previous measures employed , the ads are also manually reviewed to ensure compliance with the site 's Terms of Use , resulting in just 40 ads in the section as of May 18 , the lawsuit claims . "  The defensive legal action Craigslist has taken against the solicitors and my office is good news . It shows that Craigslist is taking the matter seriously for the first time , " McMaster said in a post on his Web site on May 20 , the day the lawsuit was filed . "  Unfortunately , we had to inform them of possible state criminal violations concerning their past practices to produce a serious response . We trust they will now adhere to the higher standards they have promised . "	Judge orders AG to refrain from pressing charges pending lawsuit 's outcome Craigslist sued South Carolina attorney general to prevent criminal charges Attorney General Henry McMaster threatened to prosecute Craigslist for sex ads Craigslist says it has done all it can to reduce number of prostitution ads
CNN  Hillary Clinton permanently deleted all the emails on the private server she used to do official business as secretary of state , the Republican lawmaker who subpoenaed the emails said late Friday . Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina , chairman of the House committee investigating the attacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , said Clinton 's lawyer informed him of the news . "  Secretary Clinton unilaterally decided to wipe her server clean and permanently delete all emails from her personal server , " Gowdy said in a statement . Gowdy had also asked that Clinton turn over her server to the State Department inspector general for an independent review . Clinton 's lawyer , David Kendall , said no . In his letter to Gowdy , Kendall said the former secretary of state "  chose not to keep her non-record personal emails . " "  Thus , there are no ... e-mails from Secretary Clinton 's tenure as secretary of state on the server for any review , even if such review were appropriate or legally authorized , " he wrote . But she "  has maintained and preserved copies " of work-related , or potentially work-related emails she turned over to the State Department late last year . Kendall did not specify whether the emails were kept in paper or digital form . In December , Clinton turned over 55,000 pages of emails to the State Department . Clinton has asked that those roughly 30,000 emails be released to the public . State Department officials have said they will release them after they have been reviewed . "  Representatives of Secretary Clinton 's office have been in touch with the committee and the State Department to make clear that she would like her emails made public as soon as possible and that she 's ready and willing to come and appear herself for a hearing open to the American public , " Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill said in an email . Gowdy said it was n't clear when Clinton erased the server , but it appears to have been wiped after October 2014 , when the State Department asked Clinton to return her official emails to the department . The chairman subpoenaed Clinton 's emails regarding Libya and , last month , the State Department turned over about 300 emails to the committee . Clinton did not have an official government email account , so her personal server was the primary repository for her emails during her time as secretary of state . "  Not only was the secretary the sole arbiter of what was a public record , she also summarily decided to delete all emails from her server , ensuring no one could check behind her analysis in the public interest , " Gowdy said . But in his letter , Kendall said the federal law governing record retention requires that each federal employee individually decide what emails must be preserved . "  The manner in which Secretary Clinton assisted the State Department in fulfilling its responsibilities under the act is consistent with the obligations of every federal employee , " Kendall wrote . Gowdy has also subpoenaed the emails of about a dozen Clinton aides at the State Department . That request is still outstanding .	GOP lawmaker who subpoenaed the messages says they 've been deleted Clinton says she 's given work-related messages to State Department ; lawyer says she deleted personal emails
CNN  -- It 's ugly out there . And it 's only getting uglier . Tuesday has been a mess for much of the East Coast . A massive storm that started in California soaked a huge swath from Florida to New England , with snow and sleet falling in pockets of Pennsylvania and New York . This system is n't going away anytime soon . In fact , it could cause even more problems and headaches on Wednesday , especially if you are among the thousands at airports waiting and waiting and waiting to fly home for Thanksgiving . That 's because winds are forecast to pick up and sock densely populated places in the Northeast in the next day or so . For drivers , big gusts mixed with drenching rains can slow things down any day . For air travelers , there is always a big trickle-down effect when places like New York 's LaGuardia and Kennedy airports or those in Philadelphia and Boston experience wind delays . When this kind of stuff happens on one of the biggest travel days of the year ? Let 's just say people along the East Coast may have many good reasons to give thanks this holiday season . But the weather likely wo n't be one of them . Do n't get trapped by bad Thanksgiving weather : Top tips Storm blamed for wrecks , deaths The expected issues should n't overshadow what this storm has already done , and continued to do Tuesday . The system started on the West Coast , proving its might from the get-go . A 52-year-old man in Yuba County , California , died Thursday when a tree fell on top of a vehicle , a county sheriff 's office said . Road conditions were blamed for the deaths of two people in New Mexico . Three people were killed in an icy pileup along Interstate 40 late Friday in northwest Texas . The weather also was blamed for four deaths in Oklahoma since late last week Those were just some of the casualties from a storm that has led to more than 100 wrecks . There was more where that came from Tuesday . One stretch of the the Pennsylvania Turnpike , about 20 miles east of Pittsburgh , saw a little of everything over the course of the day -- snow , rain , ice -- according to CNN 's Shannon Travis . Snow was the issue for cities and towns along the Appalachian Mountains , all the way down to West Virginia . Parts of upstate New York , including Buffalo and Syracuse , were seeing flakes on Tuesday night . Still , it was n't -- or at least wo n't be -- especially chilly everywhere . The National Weather Service forecast temperatures to rise into the 50s during the night in Philadelphia and Boston . But there , the temperature wo n't be the story so much as the wind speed . Sustained winds in New York -- where the thermostat should hit 55 degrees by 5 a.m. -- will reach 19 to 24 mph , with gusts blowing as strong as 55 mph . It will not be much better Thursday , when the forecast calls for breezes from the west at 21 to 24 mph , with more potent gusts . Forget the rain : That wind could hamper the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade through the streets of Manhattan . The giant balloons that are the parade 's trademarks -- featuring characters from Hello Kitty to Snoopy to the Pillsbury Doughboy -- wo n't soar if sustained winds exceed 23 mph that day , because of fears that the balloon handlers wo n't be able to control them . "  We have a sergeant assigned to each of the balloons , " New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . "  They can be lowered all the way to the ground if the determination is made not to fly them . " Slick roads , high winds Chances are no one will miss the gigantic balloon versions of Papa Smurf or Pikachu around the dinner table on Thursday . But the same might not hold true for hundreds trying to fly out on airplanes over the coming days . #ATL24 : A day in the life of the world 's busiest airport As of Tuesday night , the weather 's effect on flights was fairly minimal . As of 10:30 p.m. , 158 flights had been canceled nationwide with another 84 scuttled Wednesday , according to the air travel tracking website Flightaware.com . The highest number of pre-Thanksgiving Day cancellations with 28 so far is northern New Jersey 's Newark Liberty International Airport , the site says . There is a possibility this situation could turn for the worst , quickly , leading to major delays if not more cancellations . CNN 's meteorology unit estimates , if winds blow as forecast , New York metro area airports could see average delays of two to three hours , and Boston 's Logan airport could be even worse . This would n't just affect those flying in and out of those airports , or others like Washington 's Dulles or Reagan that could be similarly affected . There 's a ripple effect because of the logistics of carefully coordinated schedules and connecting flights that could affect many of the 3.14 million people that AAA projects will fly this weekend . In expectation of such headaches , major airlines like Delta , U.S. Airways , JetBlue and United have already relaxed their policies by letting some customers change their reservations without a fee . Storm prompts airlines to relax travel policies Still , the vast majority of travelers -- 43.4 million , by AAA 's count -- wo n't be in the air , but on the road . For them , the combination of strong winds and slick surfaces , even if they are n't coated with snow or ice , could lead to problems . In other words , make a plan if you will be among these millions over the next few days , packing snacks and patience in case you come to a crawl . And , as always , drive safely . 5 healthy eating tips for holiday travelers CNN 's Indra Petersons , Dave Hennen , Dave Alsup , Rene Marsh and Holly Yan contributed to his report .	NEW : Website : 158 U.S. flights are canceled Tuesday , 84 so far Wednesday The storm system is bringing heavy rains , strong winds to East Coast 10 people die in wrecks as the same storm system pushed east Snow will fall in some places , though rain and wind are more likely
CNN  -- There are dozens of ships , aircraft and helicopters searching for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 in an area nearly as big as the continental United States . Now , 4-day-old satellite images have provided a much-needed lead : two objects spotted bobbing in the southern Indian Ocean , about 14 miles apart . The race is on to find those objects -- which experts caution could just as well be lost shipping containers as a chunk of fuselage or wing -- and by analyzing currents and other data perhaps locate the site where the plane might have gone down . Let 's say they find it . Would the mystery be solved ? Hardly . Finding the aircraft is just the beginning . Assuming that the plane crashed and that it 's on the bottom of the ocean , search crews would face myriad obstacles in recovering parts of the plane and in piecing together what happened . And the treacherous waters of the southern Indian Ocean would only add to the challenge , said John Blaxland , a senior fellow at the Australian National University and expert on Australia 's radar systems . "  The problem is that that piece of flotsam and jetsam is not where it was when the photograph was taken four days ago . The currents have taken it a long way eastwards , " he said . "  So the aircraft are looking , in poor visibility , and this is the area that we used to call the ` Roaring Forties ' ; this is in the 19th century the kind of waters that ships got wrecked in . So this is really treacherous stretches of water , not easy to work in , very hard to detect things in . " The cases of TWA Flight 800 and Air France Flight 447 hint at the difficulties that might lie ahead . The first demonstrates how tedious reconstruction work is and how important that work is to explaining exactly what went wrong , while the second shows just how long an ocean recovery can take . "  First thing to do is get back those recorders because ... there 's a huge amount of data in the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder . Get those back , and then we can see what we need to do next . But , you know , time is of the essence , " said Tom Haueter , former director of the National Transportation Safety Board 's Office of Aviation Safety . He knows what he 's talking about . How do passenger jets change flight paths ? Debunking conspiracy theories Haueter investigated the July 1996 crash of TWA Flight 800 , which exploded in midair shortly after takeoff from New York , killing all 230 people on board . His job began at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean . U.S. Navy and other divers spent more than 1,600 hours scouring for clues . "  We found pieces from just forward of the center section of the wing . Then we found the nose of the aircraft . And then we found the wings and the tail , the engines and everything else further down the flight path , " Haueter said . The NTSB ruled that the explosion was caused by an electrical short circuit , which detonated the fuel tank and caused the Boeing 747 to break into pieces in the waters off Long Island . The evidence was pieced together from a debris field of 75 square miles . Thousands of fragments were pulled from a tangled web of wires and airplane skin . "  We map the bottom . You start recovering things . You get back seat cushions , victim remains , and what you do is X-ray everything , because you 're looking for an explosion . You 're looking for fast particles that may have been captured by a seat cushion or a body . " Haueter said . As awful as it is to think about , recovered bodies can provide critical clues about a flight 's final moments . Haueter said , "  Take a look at all the information . Is there burning on the bodies beforehand ? We 'll get autopsies . Is there soot in the trachea showing that there 's fire on board ? " In the case of TWA Flight 800 , extracting the wreckage from the water and reconstructing it was critical to debunking various conspiracy theories . Witnesses said they saw a streak of light and a fireball , leading to suspicions that terrorists struck the plane with a rocket . Others blamed a meteor or a missile . Piecing the aircraft together was necessary to get a fuller picture . "  We take a look at everything we have here , and what we could n't find anywhere in TWA was any evidence of being hit from a missile from the outside , " Haueter said . Why were there no phone calls ? Findings released three years after flight Like that flight , the experience of Air France Flight 447 provides clues about what could happen if Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is found at the bottom of the ocean . On June 1 , 2009 , Air France Flight 447 was en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris when communications from the Airbus A330 ended suddenly . Its last known position -- two to four days by ship from the nearest ports -- and the ocean 's depth hindered search efforts . It took four searches over the course of nearly two years to locate the bulk of the wreckage and the majority of the 228 bodies in a mountain range deep under the surface . It took even longer to find the cause of the disaster . "  We had three autonomous underwater vehicles -- basically unmanned submarines that swim programmed tracks over the sea floor . They 'd go back and forth using acoustic sensors to map the sea floor , and from those maps , we could detect the wreckage site , " said Mike Purcell with the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution . In May 2011 , the aircraft 's voice recorder and flight data recorder were recovered from the ocean floor after an extensive search . It was not until July 2012 that investigators published their report , which blamed the crash on a series of errors by the pilots and a failure to react effectively to technical problems . Malaysia has warned that it does not have the kind of submarine technology used to find the voice and flight data recorders for Air France Flight 447 . So there 's no time to be lost in tracking them down before the batteries powering their locating device run dry . David Gallo , also with Woods Hole , helped lead the search for the recorders of Air France Flight 447 . He described what would happen once some debris from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is found , though he stressed there 's still no evidence the plane hit the water . Because of currents , the wind and new information , the search area is getting bigger by the day . "  Once a piece of the debris is found -- if it did impact on the water -- then you 've got to backtrack that debris to try to find the ' X marks the spot ' on where the plane actually hit the water , because that would be the center of the haystack , " Gallo said . "  And in that haystack , you 're trying to find bits of that needle -- in fact , in the case of the flight data recorders , you 're looking for a tiny little bit of that needle , " he said . ` We are flying partially blind ' Blaxland is similarly blunt about the challenges even in finding the two objects picked up the satellite in the southern Indian Ocean , let alone finding a potential crash site and recovering the plane . Even with the help of the "  best surveillance technology on the planet " on the P-3 and P-8 maritime surveillance aircraft , "  it 's still really hard in this kind of environment to pick up these little , semi-submerged blips , " he said . "  You 're looking for something that potentially is n't even there any more . " Although the technology will pick up subsurface objects , he said , "  the problem is , you 've got limited resources ; you 've got limited flying hours . "  This is a long way away from the Australian shore . This is at the upper reaches of the flight capacity of these aircraft . They can only stay out there for a couple of hours , and this is a massive stretch of water we are talking about trying to cover . "  So , unfortunately , are flying partially blind here . We 've got out-of-date information . The currents have moved the flotsam and jetsam to another location which we can not locate . "  There 's no emanations we are picking up to identify where that would be , and this means it 's really a needle in the haystack . " Pinger locators The southern Indian Ocean is often described as one of the most remote locations on Earth . Recovery specialists -- as well as the U.S. Navy -- often use locators to find the ping emanating from a flight recorder of a commercial aircraft . "  If the debris is verified , then there are pinger locators that are simple  boat -  towed hydrophones that can look for the signals of those pingers while they 're still within that 30-day life expectancy of the battery , " said Mike Williamson , who runs a Seattle engineering firm specializing in deep-sea searches of planes and shipwrecks . "  If that 's possible , that can really give a much better idea of where the wreckage is , " he added . The middle of an ocean is a daunting environment , however . "  But in those conditions and the remoteness of the area , I 'd be rather surprised if they can get a pinger locator out there and get any thing -- because at this water depth , the range is very limited on listening to those pingers , " Williamson said . Latest updates on the missing Malaysia Airlines jetliner If this is the debris of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , what happens next ? Anger as relatives confront officials Difficulties may hamper Flight 370 search Searching for the plane truth -- amid speculation CNN 's Michael Martinez , Dan Simon , Augie Martin and Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	NEW : If debris is verified , recovery teams could use ` pinger locators ' to find device Ships , aircraft and helicopters are searching for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Let 's say they find it . Would the mystery be solved ? TWA Flight 800 and Air France Flight 447 provide clues about what could happen next
CNN  -- It took 27 years , but Gary Lauder eventually came up with what he sees as the solution to the problem of unnecessary stop signs : a new kind of road sign that tells drivers at some kinds of intersections to "  take turns . " Nearly three decades ago , Lauder , then a college student , was driving at a three-way intersection when he got a ticket "  for not coming to a full and complete stop despite the fact that it was clear that there was nothing to stop for -- other than the hidden police officer who was shooting fish in a barrel . " Now 47 , and a venture capitalist in Silicon Valley , Lauder said he mulled the matter over for years but did n't focus much effort on it until his proposal to speak about it was accepted for the TED2010 Conference in Long Beach , California . Lauder 's idea , described in his 4 1/2 minute talk at TED , is that the new sign could take the place of some stop signs and , in certain circumstances , avoid unnecessary stops , saving time , fuel and carbon emissions , while promoting smooth traffic flow . He estimated that one conventional stop sign on a particular road costs $ 112,000 a year in fuel and lost time -- and "  turns otherwise honest citizens into lawbreakers . " "  If I had had more time for my talk , " Lauder said . "  I might have included the ideas behind this quotation : ` Useless laws weaken necessary laws . ' -- Charles de Secondat , Baron de Montesquieu . " Read more about Lauder on TED.com Lauder is the managing partner of Lauder Partners LLC , which invests in information technology businesses . He is co-inventor of 10 patents , mostly in the field of interactive television , and , with his wife , Laura , he created the Aspen Institute 's Socrates Society , which hosts roundtable discussions . He spoke to CNN Monday . Here is an edited transcript . CNN : Your day job is as a venture capitalist . How did you get involved in the whole issue of traffic ? Gary Lauder : We drive , so it 's hard to ignore that experience which we all share , and while driving , one 's thoughts go to how this can be improved . In particular they were driven there by having received that traffic ticket ... a long , long time ago . The whole issue of stop signs making you stop for no one in particular or no one at all , which is often the case , made me think : What is this trying to achieve ? And is there not a better way that might make our driving more in sync with common sense and with what 's best for the environment and for the driver ? So many of these stop signs are there to deal with a possibility of someone coming to the sign . Since it 's only a possibility , make it more of a conditional thing -- if there 's a car there , then stop , if not , do n't . That seems to be a more logical approach . It 's just something no one 's bothered to do because this has n't bothered anybody enough to go do it . A crisis is a terrible thing to waste , and we currently have a high level of consciousness of energy and global warming and so forth that 's motivating us to do a lot of things differently and better than in the past . It 's somewhat analogous to the 1970s energy crisis . That is what caused the East Coast , except for New York City , to adopt right turn on red . Most of the East Coast did not allow right on red until then and my understanding -LSB- is -RSB- it was allowed for energy saving purposes ... this approach would cause substantial savings without trading off safety . CNN : One technique that 's been suggested by urban planners is the roundabout . Lauder : Roundabouts are a wonderful technology that have been well established outside of our country and they 're starting to appear more and more in America , but very , very slowly . They 're kind of expensive to put in and they sometimes require eminent domain -LSB- condemnation -RSB- of land around where they 're put in . So it 's kind of a big deal to put in . Whereas the nice thing about the sign I 'm proposing is that it 's probably about $ 200 per location , to take down the old sign and put up a new one , which is obviously a drop in the bucket and could be implemented in a very short time once it was approved . CNN : Talk about the merits of the new sign and where you think they should be placed . Lauder : This is not meant for everywhere . Its best use is for where you have a high level of traffic on the major road and only a minor level of traffic coming in on the minor road ... all the cars all day long on the major road today have to stop for those phantom cars that are n't there . This is meant for situations where you have a three - or four-way intersection that has three - or four-way stop signs . So it 's meant to be placed on the major roads , not the minor road . The minor road will still have a stop sign . CNN : In the ideal case , it would accomplish what ? Lauder : The idea is it would enable cars to not have to stop if there 's no one to stop for , and so not stopping saves gas , which means saving pollution and it saves time , and ... there are lots of law-abiding citizens who consistently break the letter of the law by not coming to a full and complete stop . It 's really unfortunate to have laws that compel one to violate common sense and violate what 's best for our atmosphere and respect for our wallets . ... This would help bring the law back into sync with common sense . CNN : Do you have a name for this sign ? Lauder : I call it the "  take turns " sign , which unfortunately suffers from a slight ambiguity because there are two meanings of the term "  taking turns . " You can take a turn at an intersection , which means turning right or left , or taking turns means alternating , but I ca n't think of a better way to express it in our language . CNN : And beyond giving the TED Talk about it , have you proposed this to any government ? Lauder : Not yet . I have been looking into how to get this idea in circulation among people where this is their job , traffic engineers ... I am in the process of looking into how to bring this idea to them , but I have not yet figured out a good way . ... I thought this type of idea might best be initiated at a forum like TED . People who attend TED or watch it online are people who enjoy new ideas and would inherently be critical but receptive to things that would improve the world . CNN : What 's the reaction been since the TED talk ? Lauder : Well it 's been remarkable how positively it 's been received , mostly in the form of comments on the site , and people posting it and reposting it . And lots of Tweets . There are some negative comments and lots and lots of misunderstanding , but by and large it 's been positive . Some of the people who commented on various Web sites noted that there have been signs that urged people to take turns , but those had been in merging situations where there are two lanes that are merging into one . And that 's a completely different purpose . ... So the reaction has been very positive , and that encouragement has been important to me in wanting to help make the idea into a reality . For more information on Lauder 's idea , click here	Stop signs on certain roads serve little purpose , says Gary Lauder He says a new "  take turns " sign would be ideal for main roads that intersect with minor roads Lauder says the new sign would save money , fuel and time He says some stop signs turn otherwise honest citizens into lawbreakers
CNN  -- Unexpected space debris came flying close to the International Space Station on Tuesday , prompting its six astronauts to take shelter inside two Soyuz capsules , NASA said . Russia 's Interfax news agency said preliminary data on "  the dangerous approach " shows that the "  trash " came within about 250 meters  820 feet  of the station . NASA spokesman Kelly Humphries said it was not immediately known how close the debris came , but that 820 feet was the closest it could have come , according to NASA 's projections . Officials at NASA are investigating what the debris was , NASA spokesman Joshua Buck said . By the time it was spotted , it was "  too late to make an avoidance maneuver , " so NASA ordered the six crew members to "  shelter in place , " Buck said . About 7:30 a.m. ET , the crew members climbed into the two Soyuz capsules positioned at the station . NASA determined that the debris would come closest to the station at 8:08 a.m. ET . Three minutes later , at 8:11 a.m. ET , the all-clear was sounded and astronauts were allowed to exit the capsules , Buck said . Buck described the debris as an "  unknown object of unknown size . " - CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report	NEW : The debris comes within about 820 feet , Interfax reports NEW : A NASA spokesman says the exact distance is not yet known The debris was spotted "  too late to make an avoidance maneuver , " NASA says Officials are investigating where the debris came from
CNN  -- She 's mentioned by name only once in 85 pages , but former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was back under a Republican microscope after a Senate report on the killings of four Americans in Libya . "  Sounds like the 2016 presidential race has now started , " Sen. Dan Coats , R-Indiana , told CNN . Clinton leads early polls of potential Democratic presidential contenders . GOP leaders quickly focused their fire on her after the Senate Intelligence Committee concluded that the 2012 assault on the U.S. diplomatic outpost in Benghazi was "  likely preventable " based on known security shortfalls and prior warnings . U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens , State Department computer specialist Sean Smith and security contractors Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods were killed in that attack . The Senate report spread the blame between the State Department and the intelligence community . State Department officials should have beefed up security in Libya 's second-largest city because of general warnings that U.S. personnel were at risk . The intelligence community could have flagged potential threats on "  extremist-affiliated social media , " the report says . In addition , the report says intelligence officials inaccurately reported that a protest might have led to the attack , and took too long to correct the erroneous reports -- "  which caused confusion and influenced the public statements of policymakers . " It follows a 2013 report by the State Department 's Accountability Review Board , which resulted in the reassignment of four State Department officials . But questions around security and intelligence as well as the changing explanation in the days that followed the attack -- which occurred in the heat of the 2012 presidential race -- led to allegations of a cover-up and repeated Republican calls for more explanation from the Obama administration . Wednesday 's report did little to quiet them . "  It raises questions that I think need to be answered before we can put this to rest , " said Coats , one of five Republicans who blasted Clinton in a statement of "  additional views " tacked onto the end of the report -- the only part of the document that identifies her directly . They argued that as secretary of state , Clinton bore "  ultimate accountability " for security at the Benghazi mission , "  and we believe there should be a full examination of her role in these events , including on the night of the attacks . " "  In this case , there are a lot of finger pointing elsewhere as to failures of the process and failures of the agency , et cetera , " Coats said . "  But no one really has stood up and said , ' I take responsibility for this . ' That 's important . The American people want justice done here and closure to this issue . " Clinton , who left office in February 2013 , has said she accepts responsibility for the Benghazi deaths . Speaking on condition of anonymity , a Clinton adviser told CNN , "  Four Americans lost their lives . We have never and will never approach this tragedy through the prism of politics . If others continue to do so for their own gain , they 're going to have to do it without us . " But Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , told CNN that Clinton "  has to clear the air on Benghazi " if she wants to be president . "  She has a lot of accomplishments . She 's a very accomplished woman . But , under her leadership , the consulate became a death trap , " said Graham , who does n't sit on the Intelligence Committee . And Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said , "  The American people hold all of us accountable who are in responsibility . She should be held accountable . " But comments like that drew a sharp response from the committee 's chairwoman , California Democrat Dianne Feinstein , on Thursday . In a statement issued by her office , Feinstein said claims that the report blames Clinton for the Benghazi deaths are "  patently false , " and that the Republican addendum "  unfairly criticizes Secretary Clinton . " Wednesday , Feinstein told CNN 's The Situation Room that "  it 's interesting that the first thing out of the box is something that 's political . " And at the White House , spokesman Jay Carney criticized what he called "  a very politicized effort on this that has seen a lot of conspiracy theories floated , reported on as fact , and then debunked . " "  Our interest is in getting those who are responsible , bringing them to justice , and taking the steps necessary to ensure that this kind of thing ca n't happen again or is far less likely to happen again , " Carney said Thursday . But efforts to bring the perpetrators -- identified as members of a variety of Islamic militant groups , some affiliated with al Qaeda -- to justice have been frustrated by the lack of "  political incentive or will " by Libyan authorities to prosecute those believed responsible , the Senate report states . In addition , it noted , up to 15 people who had assisted the probe have been killed since September 2012 , though it was n't clear if the deaths were related to the probe . CNN 's Elise Labott and Paul Courson contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton adviser blasts "  the prism of politics " around Benghazi "  Sounds like the 2016 presidential race has now started , " senator says Senate committee finds Benghazi attack was likely preventable Republicans blast Clinton in addendum to report ; committee leader calls that unfair
CNN  -- World football 's governing body FIFA have confirmed that vice-president Jack Warner and executive committee member Mohamed bin Hammam have been provisionally suspended by the organization with immediate effect . The announcement follows an enquiry by FIFA 's Ethics Committee , after alleged violations of the FIFA Code of Ethics linked to the upcoming FIFA presidential election . FIFA released a statement on Sunday saying : "  The Ethics Committee considered that a provisional suspension was required while the investigation continues , taking into account the gravity of the case and the likelihood that a breach of the FIFA Code of Ethics and the FIFA Disciplinary Code has been committed . " Former rival to FIFA president faces ethics hearing The news , following a dramatic 24 hours which saw bin Hammam withdraw as the only challenger to Sepp Blatter in next month 's presedential election , means that Blatter will be re-elected unchallenged after he was cleared of any wrong - doing by the Ethics Committee . In relation to Blatter 's case , the statement added : "  Regarding the proceedings opened against FIFA president Joseph Blatter , at the request of Mohamed bin Hammam , for a potential breach of the FIFA Code of Ethics -- all charges were dismissed in full . "  The Ethics Committee found that no breach of the Code of Ethics had been committed and they will meet again in due course in order to take a final decision on the matter after gathering more information and evidence on the cases . " Blatter himself released a statement saying : "  The FIFA Ethics Committee has reached its decisions . "  I do not wish to comment in detail , but simply to say that I regret what has happened in the last few days and weeks . FIFA 's image has suffered a great deal as a result , " added the 75-year-old Swiss . Bin Hammam , 62 , was a major influence in Qatar 's surprising victory in winning the right to host the 2022 World Cup finals . He and Warner became a target for investigation after Chuck Blazer , general secretary of regional football body CONCACAF that covers North and Central America and the Caribbean , reported possible misdeeds during a May 10 and 11 meeting in Trinidad . The allegations concerned whether the duo had offered cash gifts to national associations in return for pro-bin Hammam votes in the presidential election .	Jack Warner and Mohamed bin Hammam provisionally suspended by FIFA It follows an enquiry by FIFA 's Ethics Committee , after alleged ethics violations Bin Hammam had earlier withdrawn from the race to be named FIFA president Current president Sepp Blatter cleared of any wrong-doing by the investigation
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo helped Real Madrid move three points clear in Spain ahead of the winter break with his fifth hat-trick this season in Saturday 's 6-2 win at Sevilla , as both teams had a player sent off . The Portugal forward claimed outright top spot in the La Liga scoring charts as he moved clear of Lionel Messi , who is in Japan with Barcelona for Sunday 's FIFA Club World Cup final against Brazilian side Santos . Real , smarting from last weekend 's 3-1 home defeat by the Spanish and European champions , made the perfect start when Ronaldo ran onto Angel Di Maria 's threaded pass to net in the 10th minute . Goalkeeper Iker Casillas did well to stop Sevilla making an immediate reply , with the Spain captain pushing Manu 's shot onto the post . Sevilla thought they had equalized in the 35th minute but Emir Spahic 's effort was ruled out for a marginal offside following Ivan Rakitic 's free-kick out wide , and Real doubled the home team 's anguish by immediately doubling the lead . Jose Callejon , who like Ronaldo scored in the midweek Copa del Rey first-leg win over third division Ponferradina , was credited with another goal after making enough contact with Di Maria 's chip into the box to distract keeper Javi Varas . Ronaldo made it 3-0 in the 41st minute with his 19th league goal this season after being given too much space to shoot from outside the box . However , Real went to the interval reduced to 10 men after defender Pepe was sent off for striking the face of former Madrid striker Alvaro Negredo . Sevilla could not capitalize on that advantage , and Di Maria was finally rewarded in the 66th minute when he ran onto Karim Benzema 's first-time pass and coolly slotted low past Varas . Jesus Navas reduced the deficit when he fired through the legs of defender Sergio Ramos in the 69th minute , but Manu was red-carded for a rash tackle from behind on Madrid fullback Alvaro Arbeloa . Ronaldo netted from the penalty spot with five minutes left -- sealing his 13th treble for Real -- after Benzema was fouled by Federico Fazio in a challenge that saw the France forward carried off . His replacement Hamit Altintop then scored his first league goal for Real , with the Turkey midfielder netting from Xabi Alonso 's low cross . Negredo hit back in the second minute of time added on for his fifth in La Liga to ensure a repeat scoreline from last season 's fixture . The defeat left Sevilla 16 points behind Real after 16 games , and facing the prospect of losing fifth place to Malaga -- who visit third-placed Valencia on Sunday . Espanyol moved up to seventh with a 2-1 win at Sporting Gijon that left the Barcelona-based club a point behind Sevilla and Malaga . Sergio Garcia netted the winner with six minutes left , after captain David Barral equalized for third-bottom Gijon with his seventh goal this season in the 61st minute . French teenager Thievy Bifouma put Espanyol ahead after only two minutes as the 19-year-old fired home from outside the box . Athletic Bilbao beat bottom club Real Zaragoza 2-1 to move up to eighth , despite having Spain midfielder Javi Martinez sent off midway through the first half . Leonardo Ponzio put the visitors level from the resulting penalty , but his teammate Maurizio Lanzaro was dismissed for a second booking on 69 and Gaizka Toquero netted the Basque side 's winner with three minutes to play . Getafe joined 10th-placed Atletico Madrid on 19 points with a 2-1 win at Real Mallorca as Abdel Barrada netted both goals . Defender Ivan Ramis headed Mallorca into a 10th-minute lead , but Pedro Rios helped 22-year-old French midfielder Barrada score on 28 and 44 .	Real Madrid three points clear of Barcelona going into Spain 's winter break Cristiano Ronaldo scores his fifth hat-trick this season in 6-2 victory at Sevilla It takes him to 20 league goals this season , three more than Barca 's Lionel Messi Espanyol move up to seventh with a 2-1 win at third-bottom Sporting Gijon
Washington  CNN  -- To help mark the 50th anniversary of President John F. Kennedy 's inauguration , the United States ' largest online digitized presidential archives were unveiled Thursday . At the beginning of the event at the National Archives in Washington , reporters were shown a portion of one of Kennedy 's press conferences from the early 1960s in which he addressed the question of where and how his historical documents would be kept . "  We will find it possible to reproduce the key documents , that they will be commonly available , I would hope , in Washington , " Kennedy responded . Many original records , however , ended up being kept at the Kennedy Library in Boston , making them not accessible to historians who were unable to travel . Now , with advances in critical hardware and software , the most important papers , records , photographs and recordings from Kennedy 's time in office will be available online . "  As of today , anyone in the world with access to the internet can now view , download and analyze the original records of the Kennedy administration at the click of a mouse . " said David S. Ferriero , archivist of the United States . Caroline Kennedy , who attended Thursday 's unveiling , believes that the digitization of her father 's records will be useful to today 's youth , in particular . "  In our increasingly fragmented society , young people are often disconnected and disillusioned with politics . President Kennedy 's example -- his words , his spirit -- are more relevant than ever , " she said , "  Using today 's technology , we will be able to give today 's generation access to the historical record and challenge them to answer my father 's call to service , to solve the problems of our own time . " Four corporations -- AT&T , EMC , Iron Mountain and Raytheon -- worked together to create the hardware and software needed to make the digitization possible . "  This new Kennedy Library digital archives includes more than 200,000 digitized documents , the drafts of every speech delivered by the president , thousands of official white House photographs , and audio of all of President Kennedy 's speeches and video of press conferences during his years in office , " Ferriero said . The JFK archives can be viewed at jfklibrary.org .	Kennedy had hoped that the "  key documents " from his administration would be available Now , more than 200,000 digitized documents , photos and audio from his days are online It is the largest online digitized presidential archives in the nation
CNN  -- Add this to our list of fun ways to celebrate Shakespeare 's 450th birthday this week . Passengers on board an easyJet flight from Gatwick , England , to Verona , Italy , on April 23 became the surprise audience for an inflight performance of Shakespeare 's plays . Verona is a principal setting for Shakespeare 's "  Romeo and Juliet . " The hour-long performance -- hosted by the airline as part of a campaign to have April 23 officially recognized as National Shakespeare Day -- was put on by actors from the Reduced Shakespeare Company .  Shakespeare fans argue over April 23 or April 26 as his exact birthday . See a short video of the performance here . The plane had also been emblazoned with a portrait of the playwright . Armed with props and costumes , three actors paraded the aisle while running through abridged versions of every comedy and tragedy penned by the Bard . "  We hope to set a new Guinness World Record ... for the highest ever theatrical performance , " said easyJet communications director Paul Moore in a statement . As a testament to the troupe 's entertaining performance , no crotchety complaints seem to have appeared  yet  on social media about lost sleep . "  Certainly , this was the most entertaining flight I have ever taken . It was a fabulous performance and great for the children , " passenger Simon Cureton told Portsmouth News . While the airline has taken its Shakespeare Day campaign seriously , throwing free performances at airports , emblazoning the playwright on plane livery and promoting the best Shakespearean destinations in its inflight magazine , the campaign has a long way to go . The petition had 729 signatures at the time of writing . If it hits 100,000 , it will be considered by the House of Commons Backbench Business Committee .	A comedy troupe performed Shakespeare on an easyJet flight to Verona The performance was in honor of Shakespeare 's 450th birthday this week The UK airline is hosting a campaign for Shakespeare 's birthday to be recognized as National Shakespeare Day
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Strolling between shelves crammed with his records , Zero Freitas pauses and finds another piece of music that he just must take home . He is walking through a warehouse where there are about 250,000 records . The room seems to stretch away with his records but it is only a fraction of the collection . Most of his five million records are in a former candle factory nearby , and another 100,000 are kept in his home -- for personal listening . Freitas pulls from the shelf a copy of "  The Country Blues of John Lee Hooker . " "  Marvelous , " he chuckles . "  This is rare . I 'm going to have to take it home . " Which is a problem of sorts . Freitas is trying to consolidate and catalog his massive vinyl collection , but every day he ends up finding some treasure or other that he sneaks out of the cataloging collection and off to his private stockpile at home . "  What I have at home is what I have mined over the course of my life , " Freitas tells CNN at his warehouse in Sao Paulo . "  These days , it 's things that appear out of nowhere , that I did n't even know I was looking for . " Freitas , 62 , calls himself "  a hunter of lost sound . " He is a Brazilian bus magnate whose obsession has turned him into the owner of the largest known record collection in the world -- an estimated five million singles , albums and old 78s . "  Everyone thinks I 'm obsessed with albums , " he says . "  But really it 's an obsession with memory and history , of Brazil and all of human kind . " For years he bought records -- sometimes individual albums and sometimes entire vinyl collections -- unnoticed . In high school , he already had 3,000 and by the time he was 30 he had amassed roughly 30,000 albums . A recent agreement with Brazilian authorities has allowed him to import whole shipping containers full of aging records and his collection has ballooned . When major international collectors or iconic shops like New York 's Colony Records sold off their stockpiles , nobody really knew where they were going . But earlier this month , the New York Times revealed that Freitas was the eclectic buyer behind many of the transactions . "  Now I 'm being hunted , " Freitas laughs . He says most of the interest has come from sellers , but also from people searching for an obscure piece of music . He says : "  90 percent of the time , people are looking for something from their childhood . It 's often culturally irrelevant music , but for that person extremely important . Freitas now wants to make his records available to the public as early as next year -- in a kind of listening library that he 'll call a Musical Emporium . He has hired 17 interns to help him . Most of them history students . Wearing plastic gloves and surgical masks , they clean and dust the vinyl discs , photograph the covers and painstakingly catalog each album . They get through about 500 records a day and have so far cataloged about 250,000 . A drop in the bucket . Freitas thumbs through some of the records from his personal collection that he brought in to show us : "  Wedding Album " by John Lennon and Yoko Ono ; a signed copy of Duke Ellington 's "  New Orleans Suite ; " and not one , but four copies of the first album made by Brazilian crooner , Roberto Carlos , "  Louco por Voce . " "  Just the other day , we found an autographed Arthur Rubinstein that I did n't even know existed ! " he says , referring to the classical American pianist . But one of his most treasured discoveries , he says , is a rare recording of soprano Bidu Sayao , signed by the composer Heitor Villa-Lobos . Freitas bought it on eBay for one dollar .	5 million records stored in two warehouses and his home Bus magnate Zero Freitas began collecting as a boy Now he is working on making the huge collection available to the public
CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is playing defense against brain injuries for student athletes . Christie signed a bill into law Tuesday requiring public and private school coaches to remove any athlete from play who shows signs of a concussion . Students who suffer a concussion will also need clearance from a physician before they can compete again . All New Jersey public and private school districts are required to develop policies to handle head injuries . "  This is not about someone not willing to play hard in whatever sport they 're in , " Christie said . "  This is about protecting someone 's long-term health from being overwhelmed by the sense of competition we sometimes feel in our country . " Christie signed the bill at the New Meadowlands Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey . He was joined by National Football League Commissioner Roger Goodell , New York Jets Chairman and CEO Woody Johnson , and several former New York Giants defensive players . New guidelines for diagnosing concussions Calvin Lowe is the starting quarterback for Timber High School football team in Erial , New Jersey . He suffered a concussion during last year 's state championship game . Following a successful recovery , he continues to play football as his parents cheer him on from the sidelines . Considering many of the same mandates already occur at Timber Creek High School , the new law is a "  good thing , " said Curtis Lowe , Calvin 's father . "  In a lot of cases state law overreacts , but when it comes to the mental health of a child , it 's a good thing , " Lowe said . "  Most parents do n't know what happens . " Concussions are generally caused by a blow to the head and can lead to long-term neurological problems . Scrutiny of concussions among professional and student athletes alike comes in the wake of the NFL becoming more vigilant about ejecting and/or suspending players who have made flagrant hits , and in the aftermath of an incident in which Rutgers defensive end Eric LeGrand was paralyzed from the neck down after his tackle on an Army player during a kickoff return . Concussions extra dangerous for teen brains Concussions among student athletes at Timber Creek prompted the south Jersey school to be proactive when it comes to players . "  We 're been more cautious than most schools , " said Robert Hinson , head football coach at Timber Creek . "  I 'd be really surprised if after this a coach does n't pull a kid out it he suspects any concussion-related effect . " Student athletes at Timber Creek are required to take an ImPACT  Immediate Post-Concussion Assessment and Cognitive Testing  computerized evaluation prior to starting the season , to establish a baseline for their neurocognitive assessment , Hinson said . According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 3.8 million sports - and recreation-related concussions occur every year . Experts say the vast majority of concussions are suffered at the high school level , but few schools have rules governing how concussion is treated , and few coaches are trained to identify it . Calvin Lowe 's father welcomes the attention . "  It 's a good thing to get educated and to sit out , " Curtis Lowe said . "  My son had a favorable outcome but some other parents the results were different . "	The law requires school coaches to pull players if there are concussion signs Governor : "  This is about protecting someone 's long-term health " CDC : 3.8 million sports - and recreation-related concussions occur every year
CNN  -- Pakistan said Saturday it will reassess its relationship with the United States , NATO and the International Security Assistance Force in the wake of a deadly attack by NATO forces on two military checkpoints inside Pakistani territory , marking a major setback in worsening U.S.-Pakistan relations . "  The prime minister will take the Parliament into confidence on the whole range of measures regarding matters relating to Pakistan 's future cooperation with US/NATO/ISAF , in the near future , " Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani 's office said in a statement . The attack by NATO helicopters killed 24 soldiers and wounded 13 others in Mohmand Agency , one of seven districts in the volatile region bordering Afghanistan , the Pakistani foreign ministry and military said in a statement . "  It 's a huge incident , " Syed Masood Kausar , governor of northwestern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , told reporters in Islamabad . Many of the wounded were in critical condition , military officials said . The officials did not want to be identified because they are not allowed to talk to the news media . A spokesman for the NATO-led ISAF , Gen. Carsten Jacobson , said close air support had been called in during an operation with Afghan national security forces and ISAF in the rugged border area in the east of Pakistan , where the border is not always clear . "  A technical situation developed on the ground that caused the force to call for close air support and it is this close air support that highly likely caused the soldiers that perished on the Pakistani side , " he told CNN . He said he could not discuss casualty numbers , since "  they can only come at the moment from the Pakistani side . " "  This incident has my highest personal attention and my commitment to thoroughly investigate it to determine the facts , " U.S. Marine Gen. John R. Allen , NATO 's commander in Afghanistan , said Saturday . He also offered his "  sincere and personal heartfelt condolences " to the families of any Pakistan Security Forces members killed or injured . In a joint statement , the U.S. State and Defense departments said they are monitoring the reports and issued their condolences . The departments ' secretaries , Hillary Clinton and Leon Panetta respectively , said they support NATO 's plan to investigate . "  In their contacts , these U.S. diplomatic and military leaders each stressed -- in addition to their sympathies and a commitment to review the circumstances of the incident -- the importance of the U.S.-Pakistani partnership , which serves the mutual interests of our people , " the statement said . Panetta shares Allen 's regret for any loss of life , said Pentagon spokesman Capt. John Kirby . The spokesman for the Pakistan military , Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas , condemned the strike . "  There is absolutely no justification for this unprovoked and indiscriminate attack , " Abbas told CNN . "  There is no confusion about the locations of these check posts . They are well inside the border , they are clearly marked and NATO has their location on their maps . " Abbas rejected any NATO claim that NATO aircraft were pursuing insurgents who were crossing into Pakistan . "  There are no more safe havens in Mohmand . We have cleared them . They would have nowhere to hide , " he said . He told CNN there had been "  no militant activity , to the best of our knowledge , " in the area at the time , and that the border posts targeted were old and marked , and were supposed to be identified on the maps of NATO pilots operating near the border . Two of the dead were officers , he said . "  Let 's wait for an investigation , " he said . "  Only then , the real truth will come out . But , on the face of it , we have lost 24 of our soldiers and officers , which is highly tragic and is not acceptable . " He cited similar incidents in the past for having resulted in "  a great resentment " toward the NATO forces . After a meeting Saturday of the Defense Committee of the Cabinet , the prime minister 's office released a statement condemning the attack and saying it had "  gravely dented the fundamental basis of Pakistan 's cooperation with NATO/ISAF against militancy and terror . " The committee added that it decided to ask the United States to vacate the Shamsi Airbase within 15 days . The base , in southwest Pakistan , is reportedly used for CIA drone strikes . A similar demand was made in June , when Pakistan 's defense minister called for the United States to leave the airbase used to launch drone attacks against Taliban and al Qaeda targets on the border with Afghanistan , the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan reported then . "  We have told them  the U.S. officials  to leave the airbase , " Defense Minister Ahmed Mukhtar told reporters about Shamsi Airbase in Balochistan , APP reported . Mukhtar added that trust between the United States and Pakistan had eroded in the aftermath of the May 2 killing of Osama bin Laden by U.S. special forces acting inside the town of Abbottabad , Pakistan , without Islamabad 's knowledge or permission . But the Americans never left , according to embassy sources in Islamabad and Pakistani military officials . In a statement , Gilani said he "  strongly condemned the NATO/ISAF attack on the Pakistani " checkpoint . The matter is being taken up by the Foreign Ministry "  in the strongest possible terms " with NATO and the United States , the statement from his office said . U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan , Cameron Munter , said : "  I regret the loss of life of any Pakistani servicemen , and pledge that the United States will work closely with Pakistan to investigate this incident . " In response to the attack , Pakistan closed NATO 's two supply routes into Afghanistan , Pakistani military and intelligence officials said . NATO trucks have used the routes , in Khyber Agency and Balochistan , to supply U.S. and international forces fighting in Afghanistan . About 50 containers and trucks carrying supplies for NATO were stopped at the town of Jamrud in Khyber Agency on Saturday morning , said Jamil Khan , a senior government official in Khyber Agency , bordering Afghanistan . They were ordered to turn back toward Peshawar , the provincial capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , he said . A second route from Pakistan into Afghanistan , the Chaman border crossing in Balochistan province , had been open to NATO supply trucks earlier Saturday but was shut in the afternoon , the military and intelligence officials said . Roughly 40 % of nonlethal NATO supplies and fuel go through Pakistan , with hundreds of supply trucks using the two routes into Afghanistan . In addition , the spokesman for the government of Balochistan , Kamran Asad , said the provincial government had banned the entry of NATO supplies . About 130,000 troops are deployed in Afghanistan with ISAF , 90,000 of them American , according to NATO figures . Pakistani politicians responded angrily to the incident in Mohmand . "  This is the time to be united as a nation and to punch NATO with a fist , " said Ahmed Khan Bahadur , a provincial lawmaker from the Awami National Party , the ruling party of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . "  NATO could never dare if we were united . " Former international cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan , who heads the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf party , said it was time for Pakistan to pull out of the U.S.-led "  war on terror . " The incident could be the deadliest for Pakistani soldiers involving NATO since a U.S. airstrike in June 2008 , which Pakistan said killed 11 of its forces who were cooperating with the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan . That airstrike , also in Mohmand Agency , prompted the government in Islamabad to summon the U.S. ambassador and lodge an official protest . NATO 's Allen had met Thursday with the Pakistani Chief of Army Staff Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , the Pakistani military said . "  The visiting dignitary remained with him for some time and discussed measures concerning coordination , communication and procedures between Pakistan army , ISAF and Afghan army , aimed at enhancing border control on both sides , " a Pakistani military statement said . U.S. Army Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , spoke with Kayani on Saturday to express his condolences , according to Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan . "  He noted the immediate investigation by ISAF to determine what happened , " Lapan said . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Reza Sayah and Nasir Habib in Islamabad contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. State and Defense departments say they are monitoring the reports ISAF spokesman says it is "  highly likely " close air support caused the deaths Pakistan 's prime minister calls an emergency meeting of services chiefs Pakistan closes NATO supply routes across the border to Afghanistan
CNN  -- As an American socialite and hotel heiress , Paris Hilton has built up a global brand on her sexy image -- and sometimes very few clothes . But many believe she has gone a step too far in opening a store selling luxury items in the Muslim holy city of Mecca in Saudi Arabia . Hilton 's rise to worldwide fame was boosted in part by a homemade sex movie that went viral online in 2003 , days before the debut of her reality TV series "  The Simple Life . " This does not sit well with many in Mecca , which attracts three million Muslim pilgrims from around the world every year . All Muslims who are able are expected to make the pilgrimage to Mecca at least once in their lifetime , and non-Muslims are not allowed to enter the city . Most Saudi women cover themselves fully with a black abaya . Hilton introduced her store on the social media site Twitter , when she wrote , "  Loving my beautiful new store that just opened at Mecca Mall in Saudi Arabia ! " accompanying the post with a picture . She later added : "  This is the 5th store in Saudi Arabia , and store number 42 in total ! So proud to keep growing my brand ! " It is not the store itself that is out of place in Mecca -- the presence of Western luxury brands is nothing new in Saudi Arabia . Hilton 's store sells luxury handbags and accessories and is in the new Makkah Mall , which opened in 2011 with 255 shops , many of them global chains , selling everything from jewelery to electronics , women 's fashion to sportswear . It even has a branch of the lingerie chain La Senza . Also on Inside the Middle East : New wealth brings luxury shopping to Iraq Paris Hilton has 42 stores worldwide selling handbags , accessories , shoes , fragrances , watches and T-shirts , and already has four in Saudi Arabia . However , the combination of Hilton 's personal image with the holiest city in the Muslim world has riled some in the conservative kingdom . Sheikh Adnan Baharith , a conservative cleric who preaches in Mecca , said : " It is unnecessary to have her shop here because we do not need it . " If it was in our hands we would have closed all of her shops in Saudi . " For others , the outrage was more about the ongoing commercialization of the heritage of Mecca than Hilton herself . Ahmed Al Omran , who writes the blogs Saudi Jeans and Riyadh Bureau , said : "  Some people were angry about it and others saw the humor in it . "  In the end , it 's made a lot of people think about the bigger issue of the commercialization of Mecca where historic sites have been demolished to make way for modern malls and international brands . "  There 's no particular reason to be outraged about Paris Hilton when we already have Gucci and Christian Dior . But for many it 's further evidence of how the character of Mecca is being lost . " He added : "  It 's the combination of the location of the store , who Paris Hilton is and what she stands for . " Others on Twitter expressed similar concerns . Muna AbuSulayman , a Saudi host on MBC wrote : "  Huge outrage on Paris Hilton shop in Mecca Mall ! With or against ? Or , do n't care ? Personally I am against the  Disneyfication  of Mecca . " Laila Lalami , a Moroccan writer based in Los Angeles , tweeted : " Wahhabis  the dominant branch of Islam in Saudi  at work ! Historic religious sites in Medina are being destroyed , while Paris Hilton opens a new store in Mecca mall . " A Saudi nursing student Aqila Bint Suleyman wrote : " Paris Hilton 's new store in  Mecca  . Islamic Heritage being torn apart whilst Saudi makes way for atrocities like this ! " While some , like Dubai-based Saudi entrepreneur and founder of Switch restaurant Deem AlBassam , are more pragmatic . He said : "  Saudi is a fair-trade market , where many investors from around the world come to invest and trade . I think it was a smart move from the local partners in expanding to  Mecca  considering it  is  one of the prime locations and hubs in the kingdom 's retail industry . "  The other four branches of the store in the country indicate acceptance from the people and the fifth store is simply catering to their demands . " CNN 's calls to the Paris Hilton Shop headquarters in the United States were not returned .	American socialite opens store in Muslim holy city of Mecca Hilton 's fifth store in Saudi Arabia and has upset many Muslims Some say it is more evidence of commercialization of the historic pilgrimage site Others say Mecca is one of Saudi 's prime retail sites and the shop is catering to demand
CNN  -- In retrospect , there were plenty of signs that something was wrong : reports of a naked woman roaming the backyard . A child peering from an attic in a house where no children lived . Sealed windows , muffled screams and accounts of what sounded like people pounding on the walls from inside . But the incidents were spread out over years . Even now , it is not precisely clear who saw what or when . Attempts to report the odd occurrences to the police seem to have been sporadic , and the police response appears to have been equally limited . So , after a while , 2207 Seymour Ave. would lapse back into silence , with no one opening the door to knocks and nothing amiss that a fresh coat of paint could not fix . It was indeed so silent much of the time that some neighbors thought no one lived there . The house that Ariel Castro bought more than 20 years ago for $ 12,000 is in itself unremarkable . Built in 1890 , it is situated in one of Cleveland 's oldest neighborhoods , Tremont , and real estate records indicate that the house underwent a major renovation in the 1950s . With a little over 1,400 square feet of living space , it is neither unusually large nor small . It has a detached garage and two porches : the front one small and open , the back one enclosed . It holds two floors , an attic and a basement . If you walked in through the front door that Amanda Berry used for her escape , you would be greeted by a staircase going up directly ahead of you and a small living room to the left . Tito DeJesus  no relation to one of the women being held , who has the same surname  walked through that door . "  He kept his musical instruments in the living room , " DeJesus said of the owner , Castro . "  He was a bass player . " Timeline : From missing to liberated As a fellow musician , DeJesus went inside the house three times to see Castro . He described a few simple pieces of furniture , a sofa and a chair or two . He notes that Castro kept his bass , amplifier and speaker out in the living room , where he could easily pick them up and play , and that that room led directly into the dining room , and from there , a closed door led to the kitchen in back . The house was reasonably tidy when DeJesus stopped by and "  quiet ... like it was empty . " Upstairs , where one witness occasionally saw a woman looking out from a window before it was covered over , real estate records suggest there are four bedrooms and the only bathroom . No one who has been voluntarily up there has come forward with any details of the architecture or descriptions of the attic . And nothing is known about the basement , which a witness says can be reached by stairs that run underneath the staircase that leads to the second floor . A local construction and home repair worker who has been in the neighborhood for years says typically , basements here are made of "  unfinished concrete blocks ... or sometimes cut stone " and hold "  the guts of the house , " meaning the furnace , water heater and sometimes the electrical boxes . Usually , due to the sandy nature of the surrounding soil , basements here are made smaller than the houses above , and he adds , "  they all leak . " Police deny neighbors called about suspicious activity That is what we know about the Castro house . But it is the unknowns that have the neighbors sitting up late , talking , and wondering how it could be . Where were the chains and ropes that police say were used to bind those three women ? Are the stories of padlocked doors true ? Were the women and that child kept together or apart ? What , if any , sort of mental games were used to dissuade them from escaping a place that from the outside looks so easy to slip away from ? That last question may prove very important in solving the mystery . There have been cases in which kidnappers have instilled such fear of reprisal in their victims -- by making all pay painfully for the transgressions of one -- that the hostages wind up essentially forced to control each other . All that is certain is this : The evidence suggests that for a long time , these women were held undetected inside a seemingly normal house , on a normal street , while the homeowner saw neighbors , entertained their kids , ate at McDonald 's and appeared perfectly normal . That does not make the house on Seymour Avenue haunted , but it certainly makes it haunting .	The house where three women were found appeared normal from the outside But the Castro home in west Cleveland was a house of horrors , city officials say Officials say ropes and chains were found inside the home The house had about 1,400 square feet and was bought 20 years ago for $ 12,000
ROSWELL , Georgia  CNN  -- The lights were dimmed , soft music was playing and a scented candle burned on the counter . In the center of it all was Julie Trotter -- moaning through hard labor contractions . Doula Kai Martin Short works to ease Julie Trotter 's pain during labor . For more than six hours , Trotter , a 23-year-old from Duluth , Georgia , tried different techniques to ease the pain of natural childbirth . Not only was her husband offering encouragement , but so was her doula , Kai Martin Short . "  She definitely was a lifesaver for sure , " Trotter says . "  She used a lot of counter-pressure through each contraction , and that helped so much . " Doula is a Greek word meaning "  woman 's servant . " Part birthing coach , part mother 's assistant , doulas are showing up in more delivery rooms than ever before . Short , from Atlanta , Georgia , is among 2,500 certified doulas in the United States . "  Doulas trust birth and are not afraid of it even when the mom and dad get afraid , " Short said . "  We 're there to just say things are fine ; you 're doing great ; this is all normal . " Health Minute : Watch how a doula helps a woman through labor " Short offers more than comforting words . For a flat fee of $ 700 per client , she meets with the parents before the baby 's due date to talk about their expectations and to share techniques to be used during labor . She is by the mother 's side in the delivery room and visits the parents at home after the baby is born to offer advice on such topics as breastfeeding . In her three years as a doula , Short has attended more than 30 births . Her training with a group called DONA International involved 26 hours of instruction on pregnancy , childbirth and comfort measures . "  Whatever -LSB- mothers -RSB- need , whether it be changing positions , encouragement , massage or saying comforting words , there are so many things we do to help with the process , " Short said . Short tries to create a calm atmosphere in the delivery room with music and candles . Throughout the labor , she massages the birthing mother 's back and rubs her head . Another one of her tricks to relieve pain involves having the woman sit on a big rubber exercise ball during contractions . She encourages the father or other family members to get involved in the process and shows them how to help the mother breathe through contractions . "  I think it 's really hard for a loved one to see their loved one in pain , " Short said . "  They do n't really know how to help them . " While Short has plenty of advice for parents , she has no medical training and is not supposed to offer a medical opinion . She does not take the place of a doctor , midwife or nurse . Her role is to strictly work with the family and motivate the mother during labor and delivery . But Dr. Sean Lambert , an OB/GYN who delivered Trotter 's baby at North Fulton Hospital in Alpharetta , Georgia , says that sometimes , doulas can cross the line . "  It 's almost as if some women and some couples have turned to them for too much advice and guidance , " he said . "  Occasionally , it will cut across what we recommend on a medical basis . " Short says she 's never had any clashes with medical professionals . "  Really , it 's separate roles , " she said . But she can understand how the relationship can get tricky . "  It can be territorial sometimes if the doula is a little bit more strong-minded or opinionated . " Short encourages her clients to ask questions , and she 's careful in her approach to the answers she gives . Ten days after the birth of her son , Braydon , Trotter reflected on the experience . "  It was a perfect one in my eyes , " she said . "  I think having a doula definitely would be helpful for anybody , and I would n't change anything about the birth . " Short enjoys seeing new families come to life and concludes , "  The best part for me is helping women realize what their bodies can do . Just having that support can make all the difference . " E-mail to a friend Judy Fortin is a correspondent with CNN Medical News . Producer Leslie Wade contributed to this report .	Doula is a Greek word meaning "  woman 's servant " There are about 2,500 certified doulas in the U.S. Doulas have no medical training , are n't supposed to offer medical opinions
CNN  -- Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri calls on Afghans to rise up against Western troops -- especially American forces -- in their country and back the Taliban , according to a recent audio message posted on jihadist web forums Wednesday . The message , running more than 11 minutes in length , condemns the values of "  crusader secular Western civilization " and follows a series of acts by American soldiers in Afghanistan that have been heavily publicized , including U.S. Marines urinating on the bodies of slain insurgents . "  This act represents their values , " al-Zawahiri says , "  and this is their view toward other people in general and the Muslims in particular , and this is their way of treating us . " Other events inflaming Muslim passions included the accidental burning of Qurans by U.S. troops and a shooting spree by an American soldier that left 16 Afghan civilians dead . The United States has apologized for the acts . "  Honorable Afghans , the way is clear ! It is either to stand by the banner of Islam to fight and support the Mujahideen using your hand , tongue , money and heart , " the al Qaeda leader says . "  Or you will be humiliated in this life and be punished in the hereafter . " The message is the second in a week 's time from al-Zawahiri . In a video released Friday , he called on Pakistanis to join the Arab Spring uprisings and revolt against their government , saying the country 's leaders are "  slaves of America . " The comments refer to the Arab Spring , the pro-democracy movement that swept through North Africa and the Middle East in 2011 , toppling longtime rulers in Tunisia , Egypt , Libya and Yemen , and threatening President Bashar al-Assad 's rule in Syria . Al-Zawahiri , 60 , was appointed the leader of al Qaeda in June , less than two months after a U.S. raid killed Osama bin Laden in his compound in Pakistan .	The message is the second in a week from the al Qaeda leader It runs more than 11 minutes long The message was posted to jihadist websites Wednesday
CNN  -- The Dominican Republic was the first country to give aid to Haiti in the aftermath of Tuesday 's devastating earthquake . Some of the first video images of the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince came from a Dominican television crew . On the face of it , the quick reaction from Haiti 's neighbor may not seem surprising given their proximity . But historically , a much wider gap in relations has existed between Haiti and the Dominican Republic since colonial times . The Dominican Republic 's outpouring of support to Haiti is a reminder of how the less-than-friendly legacy between the two nations has been buried even deeper . Some tensions still exist between citizens of both countries . Dominicans recall how they were under Haitian rule for a period in the mid-1800s , and how they repeatedly fought Haitian aggressions . Today , Haitians provide cheap labor in the Dominican Republic , a trend that has caused resentment on both sides , not unlike the illegal immigration debate in the United States . But as far as the countries themselves are officially concerned , "  relations are at a high point compared to 20 or 30 years ago , " Ernesto Sagas , associate professor of ethnic studies at Colorado State University , told CNN . "  Relations between the countries at the presidential level are at high levels . " Dominican Public Works Minister Victor Diaz Rua surveyed the damage in Port-au-Prince Wednesday as his country planned the necessary logistics to provide international aid . Are you there ? Submit an iReport "  The center of the city , where the presidential palace collapsed , is practically completely destroyed , " Diaz Rua told CNN en Español , noting he saw hotels , schools and hospitals that were damaged . Impact Your World : How you can help Diaz Rua also saw few emergency teams working . "  We 're going to send teams from the Dominican Republic to help with the rescue . We 're going to send food , water and mobile clinics , " he said . Such cooperation was not historically the case . Haiti , a former French colony , and the Dominican Republic , with roots as a Spanish colony , have tensions that go back to those days , Sagas said . The Dominican Republic gained its independence from Haiti in 1844 , after Haiti had occupied it . The Dominicans spent the next 20 years fighting off Haitian invasion attempts . By the early 20th century , Haitians had become a source of cheap labor in the neighboring country . Racism and security concerns resulted in a massacre in 1937 . Dominican leader Rafael Trujillo ordered the execution of Haitians living near the border between the countries , resulting in the killings of 20,000 to 30,000 Haitians , historians say . The current tragedy appears to push those tensions further into the past . "  This is the worst disaster in Haiti 's recorded history , " Sagas said . "  The best role the DR can play is to open its border for other nations to funnel all the aid to Haiti . " The Dominican Republic appears to be following that path . The government on Wednesday started sending food , medicine and rescue crews to Haiti , the El Nacional newspaper reported . Top Dominican leaders amassed at the border as a staging ground to begin transporting aid into the country . Are you looking for loved ones ? Among the aid are 10 mobile cafeterias that can produce 100,000 meals a day , and heavy equipment to remove debris , Diaz Rua said .	Dominican Republic first nation to give aid to Haiti post-quake Historically , wide gap in relations between neighbors DR 's quake support shows ties growing stronger DR providing food , medicine and rescue crews to Haiti
CNN  -- As one of the stars of HGTV 's "  Curb Appeal , " Bill Beckwith had a solid fan base . His death Monday in a motorcycle crash in San Francisco highlighted the love many have for HGTV , which features plenty of "  real estate porn " programming and likeable hosts who are popular among the DIY crowd . Tributes to Beckwith very quickly appeared on the show 's Facebook page and Twitter after it was reported that the 38-year-old had died when his motorcycle collided with a vehicle in San Francisco 's Lower Haight neighborhood . His brother , Christian Beckwith , told CNN that his brother 's gig on the show was actually "  the least interesting thing " about the HGTV host . His brother loved adventure , he said . "  He needed to chase experiences and embrace life in its raw form as often as possible , " his brother said . "  And so that took a lot of different forms over the course of his life . " "  A real loss - so sorry for his friends and family - the show is my favorite HGTV show , " one commenter wrote on Facebook , while another fan tweeted "  Paul Walker and NOW Bill Beckwith who 's next . " With shows like "  House Hunters , " "  Love It or List It " and "  Curb Appeal , " the niche network appears to appeal to everyone , from those who love to rehab on the weekends to home dwellers dreaming big when it comes to their abodes . Sometimes the participants themselves are enough to make viewers tune in . "  Yelling at the television during "  House Hunters " has become almost a sport , " according to a recent Huffington Post article . "  You just ca n't help yourself . There 's couple after couple , making the same remarks , having the same debates and wearing the same casual garb from episode to episode . Yet we still watch -- because we love it . " Beckwith was a carpenter on "  Curb Appeal , " which offers homeowners a little makeover magic in order to help their houses make a better first impression . "  The HGTV family is deeply saddened by Bill 's tragic death , and we mourn his loss along with his many family and friends who will miss his creativity , adventurous spirit and general love of life , " the show said in a statement Wednesday . Much like the Food Network , HGTV  which stands for Home and Garden TV  has made stars of its hosts and has additional properties , such as HGTV Magazine , which showcases its content . Chip Wade , host of HGTV 's "  Elbow Room , " told Atlanta Magazine during a recent interview that "  HGTV is a wholesome network " that does n't "  fabricate drama . " " -LSB- The network 's -RSB- bread and butter is people leaving it on all day , " he said . "  You ca n't bring in much ridiculousness and maintain that type of audience . " The shows have a devoted following that hold the network to being above fabrication . In 2012 there was a slight uproar when a "  House Hunters " participant , Bobi Jensen , said the series made her and her husband pretend that they were still seeking out homes to buy , when really , the decision had already been made . On top of that , Jensen said , some of the episode 's scenes were staged and shot multiple times . The show quickly responded , explaining that "  we 're making a television show , so we manage certain production and time constraints , while honoring the home buying process . " "  To maximize production time , we seek out families who are pretty far along in the process , " a publicist for the show told Entertainment Weekly in a statement . "  Often everything moves much more quickly than we can anticipate , so we go back and revisit some of the homes that the family has already seen , and we capture their authentic reactions . Because the stakes in real estate are so high , these homeowners always find themselves RIGHT back in the moment , experiencing the same emotions and reactions to these properties . " Despite it all , Jensen told EW she "  loves HGTV . " CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	HGTV network has devoted fans Viewers offered condolences when host Bill Beckwith died Monday Another host says it 's a "  wholesome network "
CNN  -- You would think surgeon Marty Makary might have a lot of doctors and hospitals gunning for him . His new book , "  Unaccountable : What Hospitals Wo n't Tell You and How Transparency Can Revolutionize Health Care , " is an eye-opening look at the culture of medicine . And it 's not pretty . Makary describes : -- Dangerous doctors , who keep practicing because of a code of silence among their colleagues . -- "  Fred Flintstone " doctors , who are woefully behind the times in their skills , but wo n't tell you . -- Profit-hungry doctors and hospitals , who take "  sales commissions " from drug and medical device companies for using a certain drug , or implanting a certain device in patients . Hear the stories behind the book on the CNN Radio Soundwaves blog But for every doctor who has called him a traitor , Makary says , five have thanked him for telling the story behind the statistics , which show that one of every four patients who is hospitalized is harmed by a medical error . Aside from errors , experts say 20 % to 30 % of medical care is unnecessary . Makary is a surgeon at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore and a professor at Johns Hopkins School of Public Health . He says he wrote the book because he wants to change the system from the inside out . He does n't think the government can solve the broken health care system , and he does n't think the marketplace can either . "  It 's the patients who can change it , " he says , by pushing to change the way doctors and hospitals do their jobs . Patients can do that , he says , by becoming sharp consumers of health care -- the way they might be with any other product or service they buy . Makary gives some tips on how to do that : -- If you do n't know who 's a good doctor and who 's not , ask hospital employees . -- Use the Internet to learn what you can about your condition , and your options . Some helpful websites include PubMed.gov ; HospitalCompare ; and Vitals.com . -- When a doctor proposes surgery , ask questions : What happens if I do n't do this ? What other options do I have ? What are the risks and the benefits ? -- Get a second opinion .	A surgeon at Johns Hopkins Hospital has some ideas about what is wrong with medicine Marty Makary says doctors and hospitals should talk more openly about medical mistakes Patients should push doctors and hospitals for information to make informed decisions
ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- A new type of walk-through security machine will debut at several U.S. airports in the coming days as the Transportation Security Administration tries out the latest in body scanning technology . Privacy experts with the ACLU are concerned the walk-through scanning machine is too invasive . It 's called "  millimeter-wave passenger imaging technology , " and it produces a more detailed picture than the metal detectors in use now at airports to screen for weapons and explosives . . Because it produces such a detailed image , however , technology and privacy experts at the American Civil Liberties Union are not satisfied that the new technology meets privacy standards . In a written statement issued Thursday , Barry Steinhardt of the ACLU said the technology can pick up graphic body images and even medical details like whether a passenger has a colostomy bag . Steinhardt called the screening an "  assault on the essential dignity of passengers that citizens in a free nation should not have to tolerate . " TSA spokeswoman Elle Howe said privacy will be respected with the new millimeter-wave technique . "  We want to preserve passengers ' privacy and make them feel comfortable with trying a technology like this , " she said . A TSA officer will escort a passenger to the machine for the test , but the person looking at the actual body scans will be at a different location and will not see the passenger , the TSA said . In addition , the scans will have a "  modesty filter " to blur out faces , and no images will be saved . But the ACLU expressed concern that TSA officers would not be able to resist the temptation to save images of certain people , such as celebrities , and that the plan to blur faces might later be changed . This is how the new scanners work . The passenger steps into a machine where he or she is quickly scanned with radio waves . Those waves reflect off the body to transmit a three-dimensional image of the passenger that looks like a fuzzy photo negative . A TSA officer studies the image on a screen and looks for unusual shapes that might mean a passenger is carrying something suspicious . Passengers who are asked to undergo a second screening can choose a pat-down search or the millimeter-wave test . The TSA says the machines scan a passenger twice , each scan taking less than two seconds . But it takes another minute or two for a screener to review the scans before signaling a passenger to move on . The TSA demonstrated the screening technology at a news conference Wednesday near Washington . Howe said the millimeter wave is harmless and "  can see more than a magnetometer , " which is the first screening machine airport passengers encounter . "  A magnetometer only picks up metal or weapons , so this could see other materials that might be hidden on the body and it also produces an image " rather than just a beep , she said . Asked if the millimeter wave could detect an object hidden in a body cavity , she said only that the TSA will learn more about the technology as it 's tested at U.S. airports . The TSA has been testing another type of imaging technology called backscatter . This technology also came under some fire because it shows very detailed body images -- which led some critics to call it an electronic strip search . So , the backscatter was altered and blurred to show more of an outline of the body . The TSA will continue to test the backscatter scanners in some airports . TSA officials said they are a long way from deciding whether they 'll settle on just one of these imaging technologies . Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport in Phoenix , Arizona , begins using the new machines Thursday -- to be offered as an option for people who are asked to be screened a second time . Los Angeles International Airport in California and John Fitzgerald Kennedy International Airport in New York are also slated to try the machines Britain , Spain , Japan , Australia , Mexico , Thailand and the Netherlands are using the millimeter wave screening . In the United States , some courthouses and jails are trying it . E-mail to a friend	NEW : ACLU says machines ' detailed images violate privacy , assault dignity New machines use radio waves to scan passengers for hidden objects They 'll be used on passengers selected for secondary screening TSA says blurred image , remote location of scanner protect privacy
CNN  -- The first mobile phone powered by Google has gone on sale in the UK -- its first foray into the European market . The G1 represents Google 's first foray into the mobile phone market . The G1 -- unveiled in New York last month -- has been released exclusively by T-Mobile and will go head to head with products such as Apple 's iPhone , the Blackberry and other smartphones from makers including Nokia . The handset uses Google 's Android software and is being touted as a phone with the capability of a hand-held computer . The arrival of Android signals the opening round of the battle between Google and its rivals such as Apple to create software for the next generation of mobile phones that allows users to connect seamlessly to the internet . It provides access to Android Market , which lets third party companies offer applications to users . The G1 makes use of applications such as Google Maps , instant messaging through Google Talk , as well as high-speed internet browsing and a 3-megapixel camera . Other manufacturers -- including LG and Samsung -- are expected to produce their own Google phones over the next 12 months . Analysts have said the gadget could potentially transform the mobile telephone market by providing service supported by advertising instead of subscription fees . But some believe the phone may struggle to compete with the iPhone in particular . Ernest Doku , from mobile phone comparison Web site Omio.com , told the British Press Association : "  Despite the popularity of the Google brand , the G1 's design lacks the inherent ` cool ' factor that made the iPhone 3G such a mass market success for Apple . "  The launch of the G1 is important not only because it 's Google 's first foray into the mobile market but because it 's also the launch of an entirely new mobile phone operating system . "  Android is the equivalent of releasing an alternative to Microsoft 's Windows - and equally as risky . " However T-Mobile UK managing director Jim Hyde told PA that the phone was set to "  revolutionise the way we use the internet on our mobiles . " "  It 's uniquely built for effortless online communication whether you want to email , text or blog , and with access to some groundbreaking applications on Android Market , the possibilities really are endless , " he added .	G1 -- unveiled in New York last month -- released exclusively by T-Mobile The handset uses Google 's Android software The technology allows users to connect seamlessly to the internet Will compete with rival "  smartphones " such as Apple 's iPhone
CNN  -- Guinea equaled the record for a winning margin in an Africa Cup of Nations match on Saturday with a 6-1 over 10-man Botswana in Franceville . Sadio Diallo opened the scoring in the 15th minute when he coverted a Abdoul Camara cross . Dipsy Selolwane equalized for Botswana scoring at the second attempt from a penalty in the 23rd minute after Jerome Ramatlhakwana was brought down by Guinea goalkeeper Naby Yattara . But parity did n't last long as Diallo scored his second four minutes later to put Guinea back in front . Camara extended the lead in the 42nd minute and Ibrahima Traore made it 4-1 in first half injury time . The Stuttgart winger scored from a free kick which saw Botswana substitute Patrick Motsepe sent off for a foul on Feindouno . Guinea saw more chances come and go in the second half before Mamadou Bah made it 5-1 in the 84th minute with Naby Soumah completing the rout two minutes later . In Group D 's other match , Ghana beat Mali 2-0 . Asamoah Gyan opened the scoring from a free kick in the 63rd minute with Ayew doubling the Black Stars ' lead 13 minutes later . Saturday 's results means the 2010 World Cup quarter-finalists sit at the top of the group with six points from their two games while Guinea and Mali both have three points . Although bottom-placed Botswana have no points they still have a mathematical chance of qualifying for the knockout stages . All will be decided on Wednesday February 1 when Mali take on Botswana in Libreville and Ghana face Guinea in Franceville .	Guinea keep Africa Cup of Nations hopes alive with 6-1 thrashing of Botswana Ghana beat Mali 2-0 to maintain 100 % record All to play for in final round of matches with even pointless Botswana able to qualify for knockout stages
CNN  -- Passengers were evacuated from a Delta aircraft after smoke began coming from the wheel area , after it landed at Atlanta 's airport Saturday afternoon , a witnesses and company official said . Flight 2284 had just arrived at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport from Pittsburgh , around 4:14 p.m. when the incident occurred , said Delta spokeswoman Leslie Parker . Parker said the plane 's brakes overheated , causing smoke . According to Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen , one of the plane 's tires blew out . "  After  the plane  landed there was a big boom , and then just a line of smoke , " Kalel Dunst , who saw the incident from a hotel room nearby , told CNN . "  It turned off the runway , and the fire got a lot bigger . " According to Parker , none of the 44 passengers or five crew members on board were injured . All were safely evacuated and bussed to the terminal . She said they departed the plane by slides , though Bergen said they took the back stairs . The aircraft -- an MD 88 -- will be taken out of service and evaluated , the Delta spokeswoman said . CNN 's Justin Lear contributed to this report .	Delta Flight 2284 arrives in Atlanta from Pittsburgh when a witness reports a "  big boom " A Delta official says the brakes overheated , while an FAA official says a tire blew None of the 44 passengers and 5 crew members are hurt and all are evacuated
CNN  -- On the day one of his former clubs marched closer to yet another title , David Beckham was relishing the prospect of making his debut for Paris Saint-Germain in one of French football 's biggest fixtures . The ex-Manchester United star has been named in the PSG squad for Sunday 's home clash with third-placed Marseille , the only French team to ever win the European title . "  Le Classique " has come to prominence again following both clubs ' return to fortunes -- league-leading PSG 's due to an influx of Qatari cash , and Marseille 's after a humiliating spell outside the top flight thanks to a match-fixing scandal . "  I played a lot of big games in my career , such as duels between AC Milan and Inter , Real Madrid and Barcelona , or the Galaxy and Chivas , " Beckham told PSG 's official website after being named in a 20-man squad . "  I think it 's very exciting to discover a new very special game . " Beckham will not be the only superstar on show on Sunday -- his former Real Madrid teammate , Brazilian World Cup winner Ronaldo , has been invited to the match as a special guest . PSG coach Carlo Ancelotti was wary of confirming that Beckham will make his first appearance since agreeing a five-month deal on the final day of the January transfer window , when the 37-year-old English soccer icon promised to give his wages to a children 's charity in Paris . "  He will be available but I do n't want to reveal the team , " the Italian told reporters on Saturday . "  He has worked well and is in good state physically and mentally . He wants to play and he is in a condition to start . He is capable of playing a full match . " PSG will be looking to bounce back from a 3-2 defeat by Sochaux , which left the club three points clear of second-placed Lyon . Manchester United stayed on course for a record-extending 20th English title by beating the Premier League 's bottom club Queens Park Rangers 2-0 on Saturday to extend the team 's lead to 15 points . Second-placed Manchester City will seek to cut that gap by beating third-placed Chelsea on Sunday , while Tottenham could go above the deposed European champions with victory at London rivals West Ham on Monday . United 's top scorer Robin van Persie injured a hip in the buildup to defender Rafael 's opening goal against QPR , but is expected to be fit for the Champions League last-16 clash with Real Madrid on March 5 . "  He collided with a camera , which was in a dug-out piece of ground . He hit the base of it and has a very bruised hip , " United boss Alex Ferguson said of the 19-goal Dutchman . Ryan Giggs celebrated his 999th United appearance by scoring the second goal with 10 minutes left . Fifth-placed Arsenal moved to within a point of Tottenham as Spain midfielder Santi Cazorla scored both goals in a 2-1 victory over third-bottom Aston Villa to relieve the pressure on manager Arsene Wenger . Sixth-placed Everton 's Champions League hopes suffered a big blow with a 2-1 defeat at Norwich , while West Brom moved up to seventh with a 2-1 win at home to Sunderland thanks to a double from on-loan Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku . Wigan moved out of the relegation zone with a 3-0 victory at second-bottom reading , as Ivory coast striker Arouna Kone netted twice . Former Manchester United striker Dimitar Berbatov scored the only goal of the early midtable game against Stoke , his eighth this season .	David Beckham named in a 20-man squad for Paris Saint-Germain 's match on Sunday Veteran soccer icon hoping to make his debut in match against "  Classique " rivals Marseille PSG manager Carlo Ancelotti refuses to confirm that midfielder will take part in match Beckham 's former club Manchester United extend English league lead to 15 points
CNN  -- A coalition of Iranian reformist groups is urging opponents of the regime to stage non-violent protests on the anniversary of the Islamic Revolution next week . The Council for Coordinating the Reforms Front called Thursday for people to march "  with their green colors " in support of the opposition Green Movement on February 11 . Such protests represent a show of force for citizens who oppose the government 's stiff crackdown on people who demonstrated against the June election victory of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , a vote regarded as fraudulent by many . "  We will show all of the small-minded people who sit on the thrones as rulers , and label any opposition as tools of foreign enemies , the fate of single-voiced -LSB- autocratic -RSB- systems and establishments , " the council said in a written statement . The statement was issued after opposition leaders such as Mir Hossein Moussavi and Mehdi Karrubi called for non-violent protests , to make reformists ' "  voices heard to comrade and competitor " and "  friend and foe . " Full Iran coverage "  We come to scream on behalf of the political prisoners , most of whom were present in the 1357 revolution -LSB- 1979 -RSB- and tell them -LSB- the authorities -RSB- that in lieu of imprisonments and violence against the people , you must return to the fundamentals and the original values , " the statement said , making reference to the years in the Islamic calendar . "  We will tell them to respect the laws and instead of voicing unfounded and fabricated concerns about -LSB- foreign -RSB- plots , to be more in tune with analyzing their own actions . We will tell them that the mirror shows an accurate reflection of who you are and if you break that mirror , you only break yourself . " Among the groups in the coalition are the Participation Party of Islamic Iran , the Organization of the Mujahedeen of the Islamic Revolution of Iran , the Association of Parliamentary Representatives , the Islamic Association of University Instructors , the Iranian Women 's Journalist Association , the Cultural Association of Islamic Iran , the Unity Party , and the Association of Teachers and Researchers of Qom Seminary School . Authorities are holding a series of events to commemorate the Shah of Iran 's overthrow in 1979 . Celebrations began this week and will culminate on February 11 . The government appears to be trying to clamp down even more tightly on opponents as the anniversary approaches . A leading Iranian human rights activist and journalist was arrested Wednesday , activists said . Kaveh Ghasemi Kermanshahi was taken by security agents who searched his home and took personal belongings , including his computer , the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran said in a statement . Iran has been trying and executing people accused of demonstrating against the June 12 presidential election victory of Ahmadinejad . The initial protests broke out last summer and have persisted . At least seven people were killed and hundreds arrested , witnesses said , as they took to the streets on Ashura , a Muslim holy day that occurred on December 27 .	Council for Coordinating the Reforms Front called for people to march "  with their green colors " Opposition leaders Mir Hossein Moussavi and Mehdi Karrubi have called for non-violent protests Iran trying and executing people accused of demonstrating against the June 12 presidential election
CNN  -- Scores of people were killed in violence across Syria on Monday , opposition activists said , while Russia insisted a political solution was the only answer to end the bloodshed . Here are fresh developments in Syria 's bloody civil war : Opposition : 50 regime soldiers killed at checkpoint A suicide bomber killed at least 50 Syrian soldiers Monday at a checkpoint in Hama province , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported . The opposition group said the bomber was from the al-Nusra Front , which has claimed responsibility for past suicide attacks . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said a suicide bomber killed two people and injured 10 others . CNN can not independently confirm government or opposition reports out of Syria , as the government has restricted access by journalists . At least 162 people were reported dead Monday across Syria , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . This figure includes 72 dead in Idlib province , among them 32 "  martyred  in a  massacre in Kafr Nabl . " Eight women , seven children and two citizen journalists were among the casualties , the LCC said . Samer Kreishi was killed in fighting in the Damascus suburb of Arbeen , where government forces and rebels have been fighting sporadically for months , the LCC said . Another journalist , Nasser Sheikhani , was killed during shelling in Aleppo , Syria 's second-largest city , the group said . The two were described by the LCC as "  citizen journalists " who routinely documented violence by government forces with the use of video and photographs , which were then uploaded on YouTube and other social media sites . More than 33,000 people have been killed since the Syrian conflict erupted in March 2011 , the opposition says . Russian diplomat : ` No need for any type of resolution ' Russia 's top diplomat dismissed a call by the U.N.-Arab League special envoy for the Security Council to adopt a resolution calling for a transition of power in Syria . Read more : Russia : We wo n't back a foreign force in Syria "  If the priority is the change of  the government  , then there will be more blood . But if the priority is to save lives , then there is no need for any type of resolution , " Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Sunday after a meeting with the special envoy in Cairo . Lavrov 's comments followed news that the special envoy , Lakhdar Brahimi , called on the U.N. Security Council to adopt a resolution calling for a transition of power in Syria that permanent Security Council members agreed upon in June . The resolution , known as the Geneva deal , was put together by his predecessor , Kofi Annan , and called for a transitional government in Syria . Brahimi 's call for the resolution came after the collapse of a holiday cease-fire he had pushed for between government forces and rebels . Security blog : U.S. says Russian attack helicopters on way to Syria The Geneva agreement did not lay out how power would be transferred , nor did it spell out any role for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , who has been under enormous international pressure to step down and end the conflict . China and Russia , permanent members of the U.N. Security Council , have repeatedly blocked attempts to adopt a resolution . Many have accused Russia of backing the Syrian government , but Russia says it just wants a political solution for Syria determined by its own people . China , meanwhile , has offered a four-point plan to end the war , calling for a cease-fire , plans for political settlement and transition , and international humanitarian aid . Bullets stray into Israel An Israeli military vehicle was hit by bullets coming from southwestern Syria on Monday night , an Israeli military spokesman said , in what appears to be the latest instance of violence in Syria crossing into neighboring countries . No one was injured by the gunfire , and Israeli officials do not believe its vehicles were targeted , the spokesman said . But the bullets are believed to be related to Syria 's ongoing civil war . Israel 's military filed a complaint about the incident with the United Nations , according to the military spokesman . The nation did the same three days ago , when three Syrian army tanks entered the Golan Heights demilitarized zone , according to the Israeli military . The tanks were positioned with their guns pointing toward Syria and fired , Israel said . A U.N. observer force remains in the Golan Heights to maintain a cease-fire between the Israeli and Syrian forces and to oversee implementation of the disengagement agreement . Israel 's government controls the Golan , though some internationally regard it as occupied territory . The Syrian civil war has spilled over into other countries as well , including Lebanon and Turkey . Stray shelling from Syria into southern Turkey has caused several deaths in recent weeks , ratcheting up tensions between the one-time allies and spurring Istanbul to order the firing of artillery rounds back into their neighbor 's territory . Rebels regroup Syria 's opposition groups began a second day of negotiations Monday in Qatar 's capital city of Doha as part of an effort to unify the rebellion . The move comes after reports that U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters that the exiled Syrian National Council should no longer be considered the "  visible leader " of efforts to form a government to replace al-Assad , whose iron-fisted attempt to crush anti-government protests has resulted in the bloody civil war . Security blog : U.S. , Russia grapple for common ground on Syria transition Clinton said the opposition must include seats for "  those who are on the front lines fighting and dying today . " The United States has recommended people and organizations that should be included , she said -- and the State Department says Robert Ford , the U.S. ambassador to Syria , will be "  on the sidelines " of the upcoming Doha talks . The U.S. secretary of state 's remarks drew criticism from some opposition activists Monday . In a statement , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said they represented unwelcome "  interventions in the affairs of the revolution . " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Monday that the United States does not intend to pick Syria 's next leaders . "  Only Syrians can do this , " she told reporters , "  so , none of the activities that we 've been involved in since the last months and months are designed to do that . They 're simply designed to insure that those Syrian voices inside Syria ... are heard and are part of the process . " French President Francois Hollande made a similar statement Sunday , saying that the Syrian opposition needs a leader to set up "  an interim government through a fair democratic process , " the state-run Saudi Press Agency reported . Read more : Putting the monkey on Lavrov 's back The negotiations in Doha began after the SNC announced it would elect a new president , replace half of its executive board and expand its membership . The SNC says its meetings are a prelude to talks with other opposition groups later this week . "  Any discussion about bypassing the SNC or forming other alternative entities is an attempt to damage the revolution and sow the seeds of division and discord , " the group said in a statement . CNN 's Sara Sidner , Jill Dougherty , Tracy Doueiry and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : 162 are dead in Syria , including 32 in a "  massacre " in Idlib province , opposition says Opposition activists say a suicide bomber kills 50 Syrian soldiers A Russian diplomat rejects U.N. - Arab League envoy 's call for transition-of-power resolution "  If the priority is to save lives " in Syria , there is no need for such a resolution , diplomat says
CNN  Golf 's landscape has changed in myriad ways since Tiger Woods launched his design business in 2006 . Back then he was the game 's bulldozer , barging inferior players out of the way in an all-out assault to overhaul Jack Nicklaus ' tally of 18 majors and cement his title as the best of all time . Tiger Woods Design was supposed to form another facet of his burgeoning legacy ; a series of lasting monuments to augment his immense standing within golf . Except the best laid plans of men often go awry . Woods has n't won a major since the scandal that engulfed his private life in 2008 and only now , nearly a decade on from the inception of his design arm , is one of his plots open for business . With the verdict still out on whether he can recapture that magical form , and fatherhood having altered his outlook on life , the concept of legacy is very much back on the agenda . "  My goal is to design a limited number of distinct and memorable golf courses , " Woods told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  I hope that one day the courses I design will become a lasting contribution to the game that has given me so much . " Architects forever talk about "  moving earth " when it comes to course layout , and the sands have undoubtedly shifted under Woods ' feet . After locking down 14 majors in a nine-year spell , the former world No. 1  and current No. 47  has just five top 10 finishes in them across the last five injury-hit seasons . The benefits of those spells in rehab has been more time to dedicate to design , culminating in Woods ' first opening at Cabo San Lucas in Mexico just before Christmas . And though there might have been an eight-year wait for his first completed course , which has been well received , the second should be along within eight months . It will represent an important landmark too -- his first opening in the United States , at Bluejack National in Houston . The fact that Woods ' design operation is finally laying down roots across the Americas has taken on an extra significance , with his kids now of an age when they can start to play alongside their all-star dad . "  He 's obviously won a whole bunch of tournaments and major championships , and they remain very important to him , " says Michael Abbott , partner of Beacon Land Development -- the company that 's building Bluejack National 's course -- and a friend of Woods for over 20 years . "  But to be able to take his kids Charlie and Sam to a golf course he 's done is also very important to him . " Abbott agrees that a large slice of Tiger Woods Design is about legacy . "  I think so . I think he 's very proud and he wants to share that with not only those close to him but also everybody else . "  To say this is what I 've learned and this is my creativity and now I 'm putting it on the ground for you to see . " Perhaps unsurprisingly , the junior Woods are showing early signs of promise , much to the delight of their proud father . "  I saw as much of his son Charlie 's swing as I did of his over the time we spent together  at the opening of the El Cardonal course in Mexico  , " Abbott explained . "  He 'd say ` Come look at this -- this is the way I want to swing right here . ' "  Tiger talks about the old days when he and his father used to go and play the short course in California and how the short course at Bluejack reminds him of that -- the ability for young girls and boys to come out and play and challenge themselves but also have pure fun . "  He also built junior tees into the course at Bluejack -- that tells you everything . " Woods , who began his 2015 season in Phoenix on Thursday , is still active in his pursuit of Nicklaus ' bumper haul of major titles . But he wo n't be trying to match the prolific nature of "  The Golden Bear " when it comes to rolling courses off the production line at an exponential rate . The majority of Nicklaus Design 's 380 properties are in the U.S. while others are dotted around the globe in far flung places such as China , Russia , Nicaragua , Japan , Costa Rica and New Zealand . Woods ' dedication to recapturing the heights he reached in the early part of the decade prevent him from taking on too much but even after he retires , he insists he 'll only pick projects that mean something to him . "  Golf course design has always been something that I have been interested in , " Woods , who attempted his first design for a magazine competition aged nine , explained . "  It was n't until my 10th year on tour , after having success on different types of courses all over the world , that I had the knowledge and experience to start Tiger Woods Design . "  I see it continuing to be very selective , looking for only the best sites and partners to work with , even after my golf career slows down . " That the fruits of Woods ' design labor are only starting to emerge has much to do with the financial downturn of 2008 . Several projects have been on the table for some time ; The Cliffs in North Carolina and Punta Brava in Mexico are yet to yield a completion date . A much-trumpeted project in Dubai was shelved in 2011 due to funding problems , though Woods recently announced he was teaming up with Donald Trump for another go at building in the Emirate . And while he has been enlisted to build another course at Cabo San Lucas , one industry expert thinks Woods needs to go further if his design arm is to enhance his standing in the game . "  I ca n't see Tiger 's design business affecting his legacy unless he gets a project that really moves the dial , " Adam Lawrence , editor of Golf Course Architecture magazine , told CNN . "  Either a site where he and his team can build something that is universally viewed as one of the best courses in the world -- which presupposes they have the ability to do so , something that has n't be proven yet -- or alternatively they do something that has a real impact on golf 's development . "  With the best will in the world , you do n't change golf by building extremely expensive resort courses in Cabo , an ultra-high end residential project in Houston or a monster expensive course to be run by Donald Trump in Dubai . " Lawrence also believes Woods might also benefit -- not just himself , but also the game of golf itself -- by looking at designing a course in the BRIC countries . "  I would like to see Tiger take on a low budget project in an emerging market , " he added . "  A Tiger-branded course in India , or Brazil -- but a proper , public access , cheap golf course and not a fancy housing development -- could really impact on how golf grows in that market . " Those projects in developing nations may well come down the line but listening to Woods , it is clear he believes Bluejack National could enter the pantheon of great U.S. courses when it opens for business . "  Bluejack National has one of the best natural settings for golf I have seen , " he said . "  With its changes in elevation , the beautiful pines and hardwoods , Bluejack National is reminiscent of the pinelands of Georgia and the Carolinas . "  The opportunity is here to create a golf course unlike any other in the Houston area , and our goal is for it to be among the best in the nation . " Due for completion in October , Woods has been making regular visits to the site near the small town of Montgomery in Texas . Abbott says he has been struck by Woods ' willingness to take other opinions on board and how in tune he is with those players at the other end of the skill spectrum to himself . "  Bluejack National is spectacular and I think it 's incredibly special that this is his first course in the United States , " Abbott said . "  When I first talked to Tiger he mentioned the playability ; this one cut of turf , how you create great vistas and how all levels of players can find some success . "  When Tiger Woods goes in , he goes all the way . He does n't do anything half way , he 's an all-in guy and that 's reflected in his work ethic on and off the course . "  This is important to him -- he feels like he 's designing golf courses that will be meaningful because it will encourage people to play the game . "  At Bluejack he 's taken it to an even further level where he 's designed this playground section , a nine-hole short course that is spectacular . He 's also designed four little loops that help if you only had an hour or two to play . "  Not only is he tackling golf course design from the angle of making it playable he 's also tackling it from people 's time commitments to be able to play , whether it is someone who wants a couple hours on the course , a corporate person entertaining a guest or a father and daughter . "  He 's taken time investment and really put it into his design so you ask ` Is the guy in tune ? ' When a designer thinks that way I think he 's in tune . " Still , any jobbing golfer standing on the first tee of a Woods-designed course could be forgiven for sweating with a mixture of fear and reverence . Woods ' litany of career titles have been secured on a collection of the world 's most fiendish courses , giving him ample ammunition when it came to sketching out his own ideas . But his emphasis on "  playability " essentially says to the amateur -- ` I 've got your back . ' "  I have played enough pro-ams over the years to know not every golfer is a scratch handicap , " Woods said . "  Designing golf courses that players of all skill levels find enjoyable is very important to me . The biggest compliment that a designer can receive is if a golfer ca n't wait to play his golf course again . " Abbott is happy to talk legacy , but he 's also keen to stress that Woods still has plenty left in his playing locker . Having watched him take on a collection of journalists during the opening of El Cardonal , Abbott says Woods ' swing has its "  speed and power back . " "  I 'm absolutely backing Tiger to bag some more majors , " he said , ominously . "  It 's exciting to see him play this way . "  He 's determined . The appetite is still there -- it 's like he 's never eaten before . "	Tiger Woods ' design business is to form a significant part of the golfer 's legacy Despite starting the company in 2006 his first course opened in December 2014 Woods first course in the United States is due to open in Houston in October
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor Mickey Rooney did not want to be buried in a cemetery plot he bought years ago , before splitting with his wife , his lawyer said Wednesday . Rooney , who died of natural causes at age 93 on Sunday , also did not want his stepson Chris Aber to attend his funeral , attorney Michael Augustine said . Rooney 's wishes are the basis for a looming court fight over who controls the legendary actor 's remains and makes funeral and burial decisions , Augustine said . While Rooney disinherited his children , his wife and all but one of her children in a will he signed just weeks before his death , court papers suggest there is not much in his estate to fight over . His personal property is valued at just $ 18,000 despite an unmatched 90-year film career . Augustine , who served as Rooney 's conservator , said in a court filing that he believed Rooney 's estranged wife , Jan Rooney , and her son , Christopher Aber , would attempt to remove Rooney 's body from Forest Lawn Memorial Park 's mortuary . A Los Angeles judge signed a handwritten order Tuesday preventing anyone from removing Rooney 's remains until he holds a hearing on Friday . Augustine , who is named as estate executor in the will , is asking for that authority . Attorney Yevgeny Belous , who works with lawyer Mitchell Karasov to represent Jan Rooney , said she is the only person with authority to make the decisions . Lawyers for both sides are "  working toward the mutual goal of honoring Mickey , " perhaps with an agreement on funeral and burial arrangements , before Friday 's hearing , Belous said . "  We want Mickey to have a proper ceremony , " he said . "  We do n't want to drag this into a fight . " Rooney already purchased burial plots in a cemetery in the Westlake Village area of Los Angeles County . In fact , Rooney 's mother was moved there years ago so the family would be together , Belous said . Augustine said Rooney told him shortly before his death that he no longer wanted to be buried in the plot he purchased 15 years earlier . "  Substantial intervening events " in the years since changed his wishes , but Rooney 's lack of cash prevented him from purchasing a new burial plot , he said . Rooney expressed a desire to be interred at either a veteran 's cemetery or a Hollywood cemetery with other stars . Hollywood Forever , the final resting place for Rudolph Valentino , Cecil B. DeMille and a long list of long gone show biz A-listers , is one possibility , Augustine said . Augustine said he doubts a deal can be made before the judge imposes a decision , since he is demanding that Aber be banned from the funeral because of Mickey Rooney 's severe dislike for the stepson who previously managed him . Rooney won a $ 2.8 million judgment against Aber in a lawsuit that included accusations of elder abuse . Aber has yet to pay the judgment , Augustine said . Jan Rooney signed an agreement waiving all claims to her husband 's estate after the couple separated in June 2012 after 34 years of marriage , according to a court filing . She will benefit from Rooney 's Social Security and other pensions totaling $ 8,400 a month , Augustine said . While Rooney was the highest paid actor in Hollywood 70 years ago , his personal property totaled just $ 18,000 , according to documents accompanying his will . Rooney : A spokesman against elder abuse The will signed by Rooney on March 11 , 2014 , left the entire estate to stepson Mark Rooney , one of Jan Rooney 's sons , who was the actor 's caretaker the last two years of his life . Rooney "  intentionally omitted " and disinherited his eight surviving biological children and two other stepchildren from his last marriage , the will said . Rooney had no negative feelings toward his surviving children , but they were all financially better off than he was , Augustine said . He believed what little he had to leave should go to Mark Rooney and his wife , because they had been taking good care of him in the final two years , Augustine said . None of the others "  ever changed one of Mickey 's Depends , " Augustine said . A probate hearing is scheduled for May 12 to start the process of probating the actor 's will .	NEW : Rooney 's lawyer doubts a deal can be reached out of court on where he 'll be buried Rooney 's wife is the only person with authority to claim his body , her lawyer says A hearing is set for Friday to decide who controls remains Rooney left his estate to stepson Mark Rooney
CNN  -- FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke has admitted to flaws in the ticketing system for the World Cup in South Africa and vowed not to make the same mistakes for the 2014 event in Brazil . Tickets for the 2010 World Cup were slow to sell after FIFA 's rigid internet-based system alienated South Africans , who are more accustomed to buying tickets at the stadium . With fewer foreign fans making the trip than expected , FIFA belatedly introduced an over-the-counter system in order to attract more local support , but only 45,000 tickets were sold to African countries outside the host nation . In an interview with CNN , Valcke said the key lesson for the sport 's governing body was to engage more with the local culture before deciding on the ticketing system . "  Let 's check first how Brazilians are being tickets , " he said . "  We arrived in South Africa using the internet . It was the wrong system . "  If the internet is working in Brazil let 's use the internet . But let 's just make sure we understand exactly how it works before we decide the system we put in place . " Valcke said the key difference between South Africa 2010 and Brazil 2014 would be the strength of the host nation . While South Africa became the first host nation to be eliminated at the group stage , five-time champions Brazil will be expected to go all the way on home soil . "  In South Africa the goal was not to win the World Cup , the goal was to organize , " said Valcke . "  In Brazil the goal will be to win the World Cup at home for the first time . "	FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke admits South Africa 2010 ticketing errors Internet-system was wrong way to sell tickets to African fans , Valcke says Valcke says FIFA will engage with Brazilian culture before deciding system for 2014
CNN  -- We know the devastating force of Class 5 hurricanes , which have sustained winds exceeding 156 miles per hour  or 70 meters per second  , like Hurricane Katrina . Now , imagine winds that are 2,000 times faster , stripping a galaxy of its future light and heat . Devastating does n't begin to describe it . Data from the new Atacama Large Millimeter Array , a growing array of radio telescopes in the high desert of Chile , have mapped a "  superwind " flowing out of a nearby galaxy . This galaxy , named NGC 253  because it is the 253rd object in the New General Catalog of galaxies  , is a bit like our own Milky Way galaxy in that it has a large disk of cold gas  atoms and molecules of matter  out of which stars are constantly forming . But NGC 253 is a galaxy on steroids : It is forming stars at about 100 times the rate of the Milky Way . That 's why it 's called a "  starburst " galaxy . This made it a great target to observe with ALMA , which can see light from the gas from which those stars form . This light is not visible with the human eye . It 's electromagnetic radiation like visible light but with a much longer wavelength . To observe it , we use radio telescopes , which look a lot like your basic satellite dish , only much bigger and more numerous .  Eventually , ALMA will consist of 66 dishes , each 40 feet in diameter . Astronomers used ALMA to measure the amount of carbon monoxide molecules in NGC 253 's superwind and to extrapolate the total amount of cold gas being blasted out of the galaxy . What 's the big deal ? Well , for the first time , the new ALMA analysis shows enough mass in this wind to carry away a large fraction of the gas in the galaxy . This suggests an answer to a longstanding mystery about why galaxies today do not have more stars . Let 's delve more into this mystery by looking at galaxies grow . Over the 13.7 billion years since the Big Bang origin of the universe , familiar building blocks of matter -- electrons , protons and neutrons -- cooled and combined to form atoms . Then , as this gas cooled further , some of the atoms combined to form molecules . Meanwhile , gravity amplified regions of high density so stars and whole galaxies formed out of the cold , dense gas . But straightforward calculations describing this process tell us that today 's galaxies should be filled with more stars , shining more brightly , than we see . Something must disrupt the ordinary , gravity-powered process of coalescence and star formation . What 's missing ? Cold gas . The new ALMA data show clearly that the gas from which those stars would form is being blown out of the galaxy . It 's a funny kind of death by excess : The very high number of stars forming in NGC 253 generates a lot of heat , blowing winds off their surfaces , and these streams of heated stellar material unite to push away the surrounding gas that has not formed stars . When a superwind disrupts the gas clouds that might have formed more stars , we call it "  feedback , " because if the star formation rate is very high , the superwind is strong , so a lot of gas is heated and/or ejected from the galaxy , so fewer stars form , and the superwind dies down . Conspicuous over-producers like NGC 253 are doomed , it seems , to cut off their own star production . Think of it as appetite control . Gravity has none . Gravity just keeps pulling on mass  particles , atoms , molecules , dark matter  . If gravity were the only important effect , the clouds of gas would keep condensing and forming many more stars than we see . But the superwind keeps this from happening . Alberto Bolatto of the University of Maryland , who led the ALMA study of NGC 253 , explained , "  For the first time , we can clearly see massive concentrations of cold molecular gas being jettisoned by expanding shells of intense pressure created by young stars . The amount of gas we measure gives us very convincing evidence that some growing galaxies blow out more gas than they take in , slowing star formation down to a crawl . " A talented science team was behind this result . But it would n't have been possible without the new ALMA telescope array , which was built by the U.S. National Science Foundation in partnership with Europe , Japan , Canada , Taiwan and the host country , Chile . ALMA is the largest ground-based astronomical project ever , taking more than 20 years from conception to operation and costing about $ 1.3 billion , with roughly one-third funded by the National Science Foundation . It is a model of international cooperation : Each partner supplied a share of the antennas , and an international organization oversees telescope operations . ALMA is sited in Chile because the Atacama Desert is ideal for millimeter astronomy . Its extreme dryness and high altitude -- about 16,500 feet above sea level -- mean greater atmospheric transparency to the high-frequency radio waves ALMA was designed to detect .  The wavelength of this light is about 1 millimeter , hence the "  M " in the name . People often debate the value of astronomy . It wo n't cure cancer or eradicate poverty . But it has its practical value , well beyond the primary goal of understanding how the present-day universe -- and our Earth , Solar System and Milky Way galaxy -- came to be . Astronomy pushes technology advancement . Those digital images you take with your camera or phone are possible because of tools that were developed for astronomy about 30 years ago . Think we need a work force better trained in science and technology ? Astronomy gets kids -- and the curious inner kid in all of us -- interested in science . In Chile , astronomy is an important part of the high-tech economy . Could we live without knowing about the superwind in NGC 253 ? Sure . But , like art , astronomy is part of what enriches our lives . For some of us , learning where we came from is what it 's all about . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	Meg Urry : New data have mapped a "  superwind " flowing out of a nearby galaxy Urry : There is enough mass in the wind to carry away a lot of gas in the galaxy She says this suggests an answer to why galaxies today do not have more stars Urry : It 's because cold gas , which forms stars , is being blown out of galaxies
Mick Jagger said a final goodbye to L'Wren Scott before his girlfriend was laid to rest in a Hollywood cemetery Tuesday . Jagger 's daughters and grandchildren also spoke at the private funeral for Scott at the historic Hollywood Forever cemetery , a family spokesman said . Scott , a notable fashion designer and Jagger 's longtime girlfriend , was found dead in her New York apartment last week . The medical examiner concluded that she killed herself by "  hanging . " "  Words of tribute " to Scott , 49 , were spoken by Jagger , as well as her brother Randy Bambrough , talent agent Justinian Kfoury , costume designer Ira M. Hammons-Glass and Adam Glassman , creative director of Oprah Winfrey 's O Magazine . Jagger 's daughter , Karis , and actress Ellen Barkin each read a poem during the service . Jagger 's daughter Jade read Psalm 139 : "  You have searched me , Lord , and you know me . " His grandchildren , Mazie and Zak , read Psalm 23 : "  The Lord is my shepherd , I lack nothing . " Scott 's niece , Hannah , read Shakespeare 's Sonnet 18 : "  Shall I compare thee to a summer 's day ? Longtime Rolling Stones background singer Bernard Fowler sang "  Will the Circle be Unbroken , " while Dave Stewart played guitar . Jagger , 70 , posted a personal statement about Scott 's death on his website last week : "  I am still struggling to understand how my lover and best friend could end her life in this tragic way . We spent many wonderful years together and had made a great life for ourselves . She had great presence and her talent was much admired , not least by me . " Scott , a lanky former model , became a celebrity stylist and eventually a designer . She designed costumes for films such as the 1996 remake of "  Diabolique , " 2000 's "  Mercy " and 2007 's "  Ocean 's Thirteen . " In addition to her haute couture creations , she designed a collection for Banana Republic that was introduced late last year . Madonna , Allison Williams and Christina Hendricks were among her celebrity clients . But she was most closely associated with Jagger -- not just for designing the rocker 's duds for the Rolling Stones ' 50th anniversary tour , which began in 2012 , but for being his longtime companion . The couple had been dating since at least 2003 . Jo Wood , the ex-wife of Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood , said the precarious finances of Scott 's fashion business may have played a role in the apparent suicide . "  I think it might have been , for her , a question of losing face , " the 59-year-old Wood told CNN in an exclusive interview last week . "  She was such a proud woman that , I think , to face that , well maybe that was the trigger . " Hollywood Forever , located next to Paramount Studios , is the final resting place for many famous people , including movie idol Rudolph Valentino , famed film director Cecil B. DeMille , cartoon voice artist Mel Blanc and rock guitarist Johnny Ramone . CNNMoney : L'Wren Scott 's business was in trouble	MIck Jagger delivered a tribute to his longtime girlfriend Jagger 's daughters and grandchildren also spoke at the private funeral L'Wren Scott 's funeral was held at the historic Hollywood Forever cemetery New York 's medical examiner concluded Scott killed herself by hanging
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- While the election of a new French President will be making headlines around the world on Sunday night , it may well be that the Greek parliamentary election results -- marginal as they may be , obscure and hardly decipherable -- will turn out to be more important for the future of the EU and the euro . French voting might alter the core European policy mix . Voters in Athens will be sending out an SOS . What the exact results will be is very hard to tell . Experienced Greek pollsters fear their data might this time prove unreliable : People tend to fume anger instead of discussing politics when called for a poll . Their findings keep predicting , though , that the two "  establishment parties " -- conservative New Democracy and socialist PASOK -- who have previously notched up 78 % to 86 % of the vote between them , might well lose almost one in two of their 2009 voters . Faithful voters who have never betrayed their allegiance to one of the two main political families , descendants of the Royalists and Republicans of the 19th century divide , are for the first time considering going against tradition . The left wing vote is expected to double , and extreme right wing votes may triple . Lackluster politicians who , overnight , turned from obscure backbenchers to leaders of new , radical , parties are dreaming of double-digit scores . And a gang of black-clad Nazi admirers who polled just 0.2 % in 2009 is threatening to pass the 3 % threshold and make a violent entry in parliament . There is a sense of dÃ © jÃ vu to all that . All elections in crisis hit countries , during the current Great Recession , from Iceland to Hungary and from Ireland to Portugal , have fallen under the same pattern : Government washed away , governing party defeated , extreme , nationalistic parties on the rise . Greece would n't be an exception . But it is not just a repeat . This time is different . Greece is the first country to head for elections with its economy not just in recession but in a full-on depression . Greece will have lost 20 % of its pre-crisis GDP by the end of 2012 . The economy has lost in 24 months a number of jobs equal to those created over the last decade , with unemployment over 21 % . Labor costs are expected to fall by over 20 % and the tax burden on labor income has become the highest among OECD countries . Was this the expected outcome of the austerity program attached to the bailout and applied by the euro-partners and the IMF two years ago ? Not really . The recession was initially predicted by the IMF to be -7.5 % . The rise in unemployment was under-predicted by half . Greece was supposed to have regained its credibility and return to the bond markets by early 2012 with its economy back on growth . A failure of predictions , mass impoverishment and destitution , a recession that leads to failure to meet fiscal targets , growing social unrest : Greece , the poster child of austerity as cure-cum-punishment , is becoming the clear proof of the recipe 's shortcomings . How does that translate into politics ? In all the previous cases of elections in these times of recession , the parties that were unlucky enough to be in power when the crisis struck were punished , and alternative governments that did carry on with fiscal adjustment replaced incumbent governments . It happened in all cases under IMF or joint IMF-EU programs from Reykjavik to Lisbon to Dublin . In the Greek case , for the very first time , we might see a disapproval of both governing and opposition parties . PASOK , the party in power when the country suffered its debilitating heart attack , will take a beating . But the alternative party , the conservatives , discredited by its pre-crisis record in power and doubly discredited by its participation in a coalition government implementing austerity measures , might be beaten too . The two of them , together might , and probably will have enough seats in parliament to form a coalition government , but their combined score will send a warning throughout Europe . Austerity and no growth , recession and unemployment , dictates from Brussels and Frankfurt and Berlin and no consensus building at home , carry a real risk of de-legitimizing not just the euro project but European democracies as such . It should be read as a democratic SOS . Not as a sign that the country does not acknowledge the fact that it is facing  alone , with Portugal  a true debt crisis and has a genuine need for fiscal adjustment , but as a sign that if Europe does not change its austerity dogma and invent new , more European , ways of decision making , even a small country like Greece , where 80 % of the electorate still believes in the European project and the euro , recession will win over politics . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pavlos Tsimas .	Greek voters go to polls Sunday in first election since euro crisis Journalist Pavlos Tsimas says electorate will be "  sending out an SOS " Tsimas : Mainstream parties likely to be punished for their role in the financial crisis Extremist political movements may benefit from voters ' anger
London  CNN  -- The venomous attack on the pregnant Duchess of Cambridge by author Hilary Mantel calling her bland and "  machine made " is a cheap publicity stunt . Her remarks saying her impression of our future queen is that of a "  jointed doll on which certain rags are hung , " with a "  plastic smile " and "  only purpose being to give birth , " is mean spirited in the extreme . Where does the double Man Booker Prize winner get this impression ? Has she ever seen Kate up close or seen her interact with people at home and abroad ? I doubt it very much . If she had she would not have been so rude and inaccurate . The darling of the literary establishment I fear is playing publicity seeking games ; raising her profile on the back of one of the most famous women on the planet right now . I respect Hilary Mantel as a writer . I like her books too . But she clearly knows very little about modern princesses -- or duchesses even . Perhaps all that time writing about Tudor princesses has led her to lose her head -- like so many Tudor heroines . Mantel has never met the duchess . She has never seen her at work . I have , and I have been impressed by the speed and ease with which she has taken to the job of being a front line royal . People who meet Kate warm to her . She has a winning smile and easy charm . Yes , she has a long way to go , and is not the new Princess Diana as many in the media are hoping for . But I think she is slowly but surely carving out a role for herself . Even Diana took years in the job before growing into the global icon who was so admired before she was taken from us so tragically . For somebody who is relatively new to royal engagements , Kate has performed with aplomb . On foreign assignments too , I have seen her at close quarters in Canada , America , Singapore and Borneo . She is professional and warm , complimenting her husband Prince William as they carry out their royal duties together . Kate and William are a great double act . There is her wifely strength , like the Queen Mother , and as a Queen Consort she does not try to steal the limelight from her husband . The Palace and Kate have kept a dignified silence over Mantel 's rant . It 's a wise stance . I know the team around Kate and far from her being a "  machine-made doll " or "  designed by a committee " she has a hands-on role in everything she does . They follow her lead . She has chosen to be patron of charities in which she has a deep personal interest . Kate , in the coming months and years , will let her actions speak for her . Today she was back doing royal duties for her charity Action on Addiction at Hope House in Clapham , South London . She looked fabulous as she stepped out of the royal car , happy to show her baby bump to the media gathered outside . She was well briefed and knew her stuff . She is a beautiful , educated and stylish young woman , who has embraced her role with ease and injected much-needed glamour to the British royal family . The Palace will step up the number of patronages in the coming months and claims that Kate is a plastic princess will soon fade . Kate has her detractors -- many Internet trolls label her work shy -- but I am surprised someone of Mantel 's stature has joined in this pastime , attacking Kate for no apparent reason . In my view she has abused her position among the novel-writing elite to launch this astonishing attack on a woman half way through her pregnancy . Mantel , whose latest books are set in the Tudor court , is lucky she is not a character in one of her own books . If she had attacked the wife of a future king back then with such vitriol she may have soon lost her head in a more literal sense .	Royal correspondent Robert Jobson says Hilary Mantel 's attack on Catherine is a venomous publicity stunt People who meet Kate warm to her . She has a winning smile and easy charm , says Robson Robson : I am surprised someone of Mantel 's stature has joined in attacking Kate for no reason She has abused her position among the novel-writing elite to launch this attack , he says
CNN  -- A British professor who was key to improving Formula One 's safety has died at the age of 84 . Sid Watkins , who was a close friend of the late Ayrton Senna , was involved in F1 for a quarter of a century , helping to save the lives of drivers such as Rubens Barrichello and Mika Hakkinen following high-speed crashes . "  This is a truly sad day for the FIA family and the entire motor sport community , " FIA president Jean Todt said in a statement released by motorsport 's global governing body . "  Sid was loved and respected in equal measure by all those who knew and worked with him . We will always be grateful for the safety legacy that he has left our sport . " F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone brought Watkins into the sport in 1978 during an era when fatalities in the sport were all too frequent . "  Watkins worked tirelessly to improve that situation , helping bring universal standards to circuit medical centres , teams and cars , and making the presence of a medical helicopter mandatory at F1 events , " said the sport 's official website . The Liverpool-born former neurologist is perhaps best known for his friendship with legendary Brazilian driver Senna . Watkins tended to the three-time drivers ' champion following his fatal crash at Imola in 1994 . Senna 's nephew Bruno , currently a driver for Williams , used his Twitter account to say : "  RIP Prof. Sid Watkins . Sad news for us who stay behind . " During that fateful Imola weekend , after seeing Aryton Senna 's reaction to the death of another driver -- Austrian Roland Ratzenberger -- as well another serious accident involving the Brazilian 's compatriot Barrichello , Watkins had advised Senna to quit the sport , asking him : "  What else do you need to do ? "  You 've been world champion three times . You are obviously the quickest driver . Give it up and let 's go fishing " . Former Ferrari driver Barrichello also expressed his sadness and gratitude , saying : "  It was Sid Watkins that saved my life in Imola 94 . Great guy to be with , always happy ... thanks for everything you have done for us drivers . RIP . " McLaren 's British pairing of Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button also took to Twitter to express their condolences . "  It 's a sad day , with the loss of professor Sid Watkins , " said 2008 champion Hamilton . "  Without his incredible contribution to the sport , our lives as drivers would be a risk . My condolences go out to his family . " Button wins in Belgium in race marred by spectacular first corner crash Button , a title winner in 2009 , said : "  Rest in Peace Sid Watkins ... Motorsport would n't be what it is today without you . Thank you for all you 've done , we as drivers are so grateful . " In recognition of his work Watkins , who was affectionally known as "  the Prof " , was made the first president of the FIA institute after he left F1 in 2005 . He retained an honorary presidential role following his retirement last year . "  Sid was a true gentleman of our sport and always a pleasure to work with , " said current FIA Institute president Gerard Saillant . "  He will be sorely missed by everyone who knew him , from doctors and drivers to officials and fans . Sid 's influence will live on for many years to come . "	Motorsport safety expert Sid Watkins passes away aged 84 Watkins was responsible for improving safety standards across motorsport The Briton was first brought into sport by F1 Bernie Ecclestone in the 1970s After leaving F1 in 2005 , Watkins was the first president of the FIA Institute
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- An unusual sight greeted Jerusalem police as they entered one of Christianity 's holiest sites Sunday morning : dozens of monks punching and kicking each other in a massive brawl . Israeli police scuffle with an Armenian monk Sunday at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusalem . Monks from the Greek Orthodox and Armenian denominations were preparing for a ceremony at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in the Old City when a disagreement led to a full-fledged fistfight . The fight began when Armenian clergy were holding a procession to commemorate the finding of the cross believed to have been used in the crucifixion of Jesus , according to The Associated Press . The Greek members of the clergy wanted one of their monks present , the AP reported , for fear that the procession would undermine their claim to an ancient structure built on what is believed to be the tomb of Jesus . The two sides could not agree , and when the Armenians tried to begin the procession , the Greek monks stepped in and the fighting began , the AP reported . "  We were keeping resistance so that the procession could not pass through ... and establish a right that they do n't have , " a young Greek Orthodox monk with a cut next to his left eye told the AP . See scenes from the brawl " Many among the dozens of monks came away with cuts and bruises , said police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld . Officers were called to the scene to break up the brawl . They detained two monks , one from each denomination , Rosenfeld said . The Church of the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusalem is thought to be built on the site of Jesus ' crucifixion and resurrection . Rivalries between the different sects that share control of the church often lead to tensions . Watch police subdue the crowd in the church " Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Greek Orthodox and Armenian monks punch and kick each other Police called to break up fight at Church of the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusalem The site is believed to be where Jesus ' crucifixion and resurrection occurred
New York  CNN  -- The space shuttle Enterprise , mounted atop a 747 jumbo jet , swooped across the New York City skyline on Friday before touching down at the city 's John F. Kennedy International Airport , bringing an end to its final flight . It took off from Virginia 's Dulles International Airport with a flight plan that included fly-bys of the Statue of Liberty and other Gotham landmarks . It is ultimately bound for its new home at the city 's Intrepid Sea , Air and Space Museum . "  This is going to be the largest NASA artifact north of Baltimore in the entire Northeast region , " said Susan Marenoff-Zausner , the Intrepid 's president . "  For kids to be able to come and see this when they 'd have to travel miles and miles to go somewhere else , it 's right in their back yard . " The space agency said it will put the shuttle on a barge in a few weeks and float it up the Hudson River to its final home . "  It 's the end of one era , but I think it 's the beginning of another era , " said space historian Andrew Chaikin . "  The shuttle was amazing but it 's not sustainable . And above all , we need a space program that can do great things in a sustainable way . " Share your shuttle photos , videos with CNN iReport The shuttle , which has been on display at a Smithsonian Institute museum near Washington , is the latest to shift locations as NASA sends its fleet into retirement . Discovery -- the most traveled of the shuttles -- is replacing Enterprise in the Smithsonian facility . Completed in 1976 , Enterprise was designed as a prototype test vehicle . Test pilots demonstrated that it could fly and land in the atmosphere like airplanes , but the Enterprise never flew in space . "  It 's a very gratifying feeling for someone who 's devoted their career to test flying like myself and all the other astronauts , " said former Air Force Maj. Gen. Joe Engle , who commanded one of two flight crews that manned the Enterprise during test flights in 1977 . "  To get a flight in a space shuttle is just the culmination of your entire professional career . " The shuttle was originally to be named the Constitution , but a write-in campaign by fans of the television series "  Star Trek " persuaded officials to rename it in honor of the show 's main starship . NASA sent the shuttle on a tour of Europe and Canada in 1983 , and it also appeared in the 1984 World 's Fair in New Orleans . The craft made a brief return to service as a ground test vehicle in 1984 before retiring to the Smithsonian 's collection in 1985 . NASA is preparing to fly space shuttle Endeavour to Los Angeles sometime in the second half of the year . Atlantis is being readied for display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex in Florida . The other two shuttles in the NASA program , Challenger and Columbia , were destroyed in flight .	NEW : "  This is going to be the largest NASA artifact north of Baltimore , " Intrepid 's president says The shuttle is flown over various landmarks before landing in New York It will be housed at the Intrepid Sea , Air and Space Museum
CNN  -- "  I do not believe we can keep doing the same thing for over five decades and expect a different result , " President Barack Obama pronounced Wednesday . "  Moreover , it does not serve America 's interests , or the Cuban people , to try to push Cuba toward collapse . " And with these words , Obama introduced a long-absent element of lucidity into U.S. policy approaches to Cuba . On the Cuban side , President RaÃºl Castro also welcomed the renewal of dialogue and committed his government to work with the United States to resolve "  profound differences " on a host of issues . The implications of the action go far beyond Obama abandoning an utterly anomalous policy , one without internal logic , one that was both counterproductive and contradictory -- a policy in fact that contributed to the very conditions it professed to abhor . To speak to Cuba is to speak to Latin America . It is a powerful affirmation of a U.S. willingness to respect the propositions of national sovereignty and self-determination in a region of the world where centuries of colonialism have made the pursuit of national sovereignty and self-determination something of national obsession . It is an acknowledgment that history does matter , and that a shared awareness of that history can not but result in salutary outcomes . The commitment to normalize diplomatic relations also signals the end of a policy that had as its overriding objective the overthrow of the Cuban government . The idea was to use economic sanctions to induce calamity , make daily life as difficult and as grim as possible , and increase Cuban suffering as a means to foment popular disaffection in the hope that Cuban people , driven by want and motivated by despair , would rise up against their government . This has served as the cornerstone of a half-century policy . "  The only foreseeable means of alienating internal support is through disenchantment and disaffection based on economic dissatisfaction and hardship , " a State Department official insisted in a memo in 1960 , and thereupon proceeded to call for actions designed "  to bring about hunger , desperation and  the  overthrow of government . " The President 's assertion that it is not in U.S. interests to push Cuba toward collapse is a remarkable policy reversal . But it is also true that to signal the end of a policy of "  regime change " has far-reaching implications in Cuba . For much of the last 50 years , and especially since the collapse of the Soviet Union , U.S. policy has served as a means for the Cuban leadership to sustain moral authority . The United States has represented a looming threat to Cuban national sovereignty -- that is , Cuban national security . As Americans have learned in the last dozen years , the invocation of "  national security " does not readily accommodate to the demands of civil liberties . A commitment to ease economic sanctions serves to counter the perception of the United States as a threat to Cuban sovereignty , thereby denying those in Cuba the pretext of U.S. hostility to limit public debate and restrict civil liberties . The change of policy represents a momentous occasion -- rare indeed in U.S.-Latin American relations -- where the Americans are signaling a desire to engage the Cubans on the basis of mutual respect , to engage Cubans in normal political and economic interactions , and thereby contribute to the creation of space in which Cubans themselves could proceed to address their most pressing issues , on their terms , within the logic of their own history , and act accordingly . It is a measure , in the end , of enlightened American self-interest . It shows respect for the Cuban people by acting on the premise that Cubans themselves know what is in their best interest .	Louis Perez : Obama normalizing relations with Cuba an overdue moment of U.S. lucidity Perez : In Latin America scarred by colonialism , move shows support for national sovereignty He says it removes Cuban leadership pretext for "  moral authority " in face of U.S. hostility Perez : Change in misbegotten U.S. policy gives Cubans space to decide own best interests
New York  CNN  -- About this time last year , Kate Rigaut was surrounded by 15 of her closest relatives , heaping turkey , stuffing and two kinds of potatoes onto her plate . Football was on television , beers were in the fridge and the family was together . "  That 's how it should be , " she said , stirring the cranberry sauce for this year 's Thanksgiving dinner . Her tight-knit Irish-American family lives on New York 's Rockaway Peninsula in the Belle Harbor neighborhood of Queens , where a powerful mix of converging weather systems flattened homes on October 29 . When the storm hit , a series of tidal surges crashed through the neighborhood as high winds whipped along the coast , leaving billions of dollars in damage and thousands homeless . Volunteers help Sandy victims start over "  We normally do n't evacuate , but did this time , " Rigaut said . She fled with her family to her sister-in-law 's place in New Jersey one day before Superstorm Sandy made landfall . But her neighbor , Christine Mahoney-Schneider , decided to stay and brave the torrents unleashed on this coastal community and others like it along the East Coast . After each storm surge , she uploaded photos of the aftermath to Facebook , keeping Rigaut abreast of the condition of her home . As the hours progressed and the photos streamed in , tension mounted . By late evening on October 29 , it became clear that Sandy had rendered the Rigaut family homeless . "  My knees buckled , and I fell , " said Rigaut , who is 52 and an attorney . "  I inherited that house from mom and dad . And we had spent the year renovating . " The "  Douglas family compound , " as she called it  referencing her maiden name  , had been in the family for generations , serving as a gathering spot for neighborhood get-togethers and holiday festivities . Built in 1937 , it was where her parents hosted beach parties and entertained neighbors with beer , wine and music that would often carry along a beachfront that residents lovingly coined the "  Irish Riviera . " During the holidays , throngs of Rigaut 's nieces and nephews squeezed onto mismatched chairs set around a cherry oak dining-room table that she inherited from her grandmother . Filling their stomachs with stuffed sausage and mushrooms , bread with raspberry and walnuts and sweet potato pie with marshmallows , they would then retire to the family-room couch or their own homes just a few doors down the block . "  It 's the kind of thing that 's lost in America today . Having that fabric of the family in the same neighborhood , " she said . Now , many of those cherished physical spaces in the Rockaways are gone in Sandy 's wake . The first floor of Rigaut 's two-story home collapsed , and its two decks all but disappeared into the sand . Rigaut 's husband , Mike , uncovered the frayed wooden leg of that dining-room table -- one of many family heirlooms lost in the storm -- down the block , sticking out from a pile of trash . Still , Rigaut seemed determined to celebrate this year 's holidays in the same fashion to which she was accustomed : surrounded by her family . Jersey Shore community gives thanks even after Sandy "  For us , it 's like the house died , but we did n't , " she said . Sandy caused 119 deaths in the United States , including 43 in New York City and 33 in New Jersey . The Rigauts and their neighbors managed to escape with their lives . Yet three weeks after the storm , they say they still have not received any form of compensation . "  On top of all of this sadness , we are struggling with the insurance companies , " said Rigaut , whose family is now holed up in a rental home in southern New Jersey . Undeterred , they say they plan to pile into the car Thursday and head north , joining 13 other relatives for Thanksgiving dinner in Belle Harbor at her sister 's storm-battered , though still functional , home . "  My sister was out buying air mattresses , " she said . "  It 's going to be a little tight , sleeping like the Irish did after Ellis Island : 12 to a room ! " But with a daughter who is "  borderline asthmatic , " the Rigauts say they plan to stay only one night . What local residents call "  the Rockaway dust " has them concerned . Rotting drywall , mold and piles of garbage across the Rockaway Peninsula have residents worried about worsening air quality in the region , though officials were not immediately available to comment on the relatively new phenomenon . A red sticker on the Rigauts ' old front door signifies that the city has condemned the building and plans to demolish it . The remains of their home will now likely join the massive garbage heaps along the Rockaway shore , adding to potential health concerns . iReport : Who 's at your Thanksgiving table ? CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report	The Rigaut family was one of many to lose their home on the Rockaway Peninsula The home , built in 1937 , was in the family for five generations of parties and holiday celebrations Residents now worry about "  Rockaway dust , " rotting drywall , mold and garbage
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The bitter standoff between government troops and Red Shirt protesters in downtown Bangkok worsened Friday , the day after the wounding of a key protest leader aggravated the already deep tensions permeating the Thai capital . Hospital officials reported 16 people died in confrontations Friday in Bangkok , an urban fortress under siege and beset by gunfire , tear gas and stone-throwing . That followed the death of one person Thursday . The unrest boiled over after Thai authorities set a new deadline to seal off the Bangkok intersection where protesters have gathered by the thousands for the past month . In addition to the deaths , more than 140 people were wounded in the violence , including four non-Thais -- a Pole , a Canadian , a Liberian and a Myanmarese . A government official said Thai forces were slowly getting control of the downtown area , with video footage showing soldiers shooting rounds toward the area with protesters . Among those wounded on Friday was a journalist from a French television station who was shot in the leg . What are protests about ? The government said it was forced to take action after demonstrators disregarded an ultimatum by Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva to vacate the intersection by Wednesday . Panitan Wattanayagorn , the acting government spokesman , said on Friday security forces who have been the objects of attacks have no choice but to respond . He told reporters that forces have been dutifully following the rules of engagement , which allows them to use live ammunition to protect themselves and their comrades . He assured Bangkok residents and foreigners there that the forces have no intention of harming anyone . The government , he said , is "  very confident " it will be able to "  stabilize the situation " and get it "  under control very soon . " Also , he said the prime minister is looking forward to working with others in hammering out reforms . The United Front for Democracy , the formal name of the Red Shirt opposition , has been demanding that Abhisit dissolve the lower house of Parliament and call new elections . The Red Shirts support former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless military coup . Tensions ramped up when Maj. Gen. Khattiya Sawasdipol -- a renegade general better known as Seh Daeng , which means Red Commander -- was shot and wounded by a sniper 's bullet on Thursday , an action that left him in critical condition . Seh Daeng was shot in the head while being interviewed by journalists in makeshift barricades set up by protesters . Thomas Fuller of The New York Times told CNN that the opposition leader was looking at him and answering questions when "  the bullet hit him in the forehead , from what I could tell . " Reporter : Bullet ` felt like it grazed my head ' "  It looks like the bullet came over my head and struck him . I do n't have any way of confirming this beyond what I remember from the scene , but it felt like it grazed my head , " he said . Fuller , who said bamboo pikes and rubber tire barricades have been formed as a makeshift encampment by the protesters , said the opposition figure was facing out of the barricades and into Bangkok 's business district of tall office buildings . "  He was standing in the same location for a while when I was talking to him but he was moving around , he was gesticulating , " Fuller said . "  He was n't standing still , he was bobbing his head . " iReport : Are you there ? Send your images , video Seh Daeng did not appear to be armed or have bodyguards , but was dressed in camouflage jacket and a floppy hat , Fuller said . Seh Daeng is a controversial public figure , even within the protest movement , Fuller said . Some Thai opposition leaders see him as an impediment to a peaceful resolution to the political stalemate that has gripped Thai politics , the reporter said . "  He 's a renegade in sort of all senses , " Fuller said . "  He 's a renegade from the army , a hardliner within the protest movement . He told me today he thought they  other opposition leaders  were being cowardly and he wanted to carry on . "	NEW : Hospitals say 16 people have been killed in Bangkok violence Red Shirt leader "  Seh Daeng " is hospitalized after being shot earlier Government says troops are regaining control of downtown area
CNN  Third-flight Bradford City claimed another English Premier League scalp to reach the quarterfinals of the FA Cup , football 's oldest cup competition Not content with coming from two goals down to stun Chelsea in the previous round , Bradford followed up Sunday with a 2-0 victory over Sunderland at Valley Parade . An early own goal from John O'Shea and a Jon Stead strike on the hour mark helped continue Bradford 's fairytale cup run in a pulsating fifth round tie . Stead was scoring for the fifth straight round as the underdogs reached the last eight of the FA Cup for the first time since 1976 -- just one win away from a semifinal and a return to the famous Wembley stadium . It is not the first time the Bantams , under the management of Phil Parkinson , have caused cup upsets against EPL opposition , reaching the final of the 2012-13 English League Cup before losing 5-0 to Swansea at Wembley . Bradford was then in the fourth-flight of English football and has since been promoted to the tier above , but still ranked 37 places below Sunderland . It did not show as Billy Clarke 's third minute shot took a wicked deflection off former Manchester United star O'Shea to leave his side immediately on the backfoot . Sunderland finally woke up and manager Gus Poyet and his bench were furious when Steven Fletcher had penalty claims turned away after going down under Rory McArdle 's challenge . England international Adam Johnson twice went close to an equalizer , but it was his defensive mistake that allowed Stead to score the crucial second goal . Later Sunday , Arsenal continued its defense of the FA Cup with a comfortable 2-0 home win over second-flight Middlesbrough as Olivier Giroud scored two goals in quick succession in the first half . The Gunners might have added to the tally after dominating the tie , but Boro , chasing promotion to the EPL , had an effort hit the woodwork in injury time . Aston Villa , with new manager Tim Sherwood in attendance , had a welcome distraction from its league woes with a 2-1 win over fellow EPL relegation candidates Leicester City . Saturday 's action saw a shock 4-1 defeat for Stoke at Blackburn , while Liverpool , West Bromwich Albion and Reading also reached the quarterfinals . Louis Van Gaal 's Manchester United will complete the fifth round action at third-tier Preston Monday . Messi hat-trick In Spain , Lionel Messi marked his 300th La Liga appearance with a hat-trick as Barcelona beat Levante 5-0 . It was his 23rd career triple in La Liga -- drawing him level with Cristiano Ronaldo -- and took him to 26 league goals for the season . The Nou Camp victory also leaves Barca a single point behind arch-rival Real Madrid in the title race with third-placed reigning champion Atletico Madrid staying seven points adrift with a shock 2-0 defea later Sunday against Celta Vigo . Brazil 's Neymar had given the Catalan giants an early lead , connecting with a Messi cross as his mishit volley found its way into the net . Messi doubled the advantage just before halftime and took the game out of Levante 's reach with his second on the hour mark . He completed his hat-trick from the penalty spot after Neymar had been fouled and Luis Suarez came off the bench to score a superb fifth .	Third-flight Bradford City beats EPL Sunderland in FA Cup Bradford stunned EPL leader Chelsea in previous round Arsenal continues FA Cup defense by beating Middlesbrough 2-0 Barcelona thrashes Levante to keep pace with Real Madrid in La Liga
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama welcomed Saturday 's news that China 's central bank will allow its national currency to float ahead of the G-20 summit in Toronto , Canada , next week . In a statement issued Saturday , Obama praised China 's decision to increase the flexibility of its exchange rate , which officials hope will help balance China 's trade deficit with the United States and Europe . "  China 's decision to increase the flexibility ... is a constructive step that can help safeguard the recovery and contribute to a more balanced global economy , " the president said in the statement . "  I look forward to discussing these and other issues at the G-20 Summit in Toronto next weekend , " he said . Will currency move help U.S.-China relations ? China 's official Xinhua news agency said The People 's Bank of China -- China 's central bank -- announced Saturday it would push further its rate reform to make the the yuan , also known as the renminbi , more flexible . The move could appease international criticism against China 's weak exchange rate , which has created trade imbalances between Western nations and China . "  The decision was made in view of the recent economic situation and financial market developments at home and abroad , and the balance of payments  BOP  situation in China , " Xinhua quoted the Central Bank 's spokesperson . "  The stability of the RMB  renminbi  exchange rate has played an important role in mitigating the crisis ' impact , contributing significantly to Asian and global recovery , and demonstrating China 's efforts in promoting global rebalancing , " he said . The International Monetary Fund 's managing director , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , released a statement on China 's move , which he described as a "  welcome development . " "  A stronger renminbi is in line with findings of the G-20 Mutual Assessment Process , to be presented in Toronto next week , and will help increase Chinese household income and provide the incentives necessary to reorient investment toward industries that serve the Chinese consumer , " he said . China 's move comes ahead of the Group of 20 and the Group of 8 meetings in Canada 's Province of Ontario scheduled next week , with finance ministers and central bank governors of major trading powers will discuss trade issues and the world financial crisis . Representatives of several industrialized nations including India , Brazil , the United States and European countries have previously asked China to allow its currency to float .	China 's central bank announced Saturday it will allow currency to float Announcement welcomed ahead of G-20 summit next week China previously criticized for weak exchange rate , creating trade imbalances Several nations including U.S , Brazil , India had asked China to allow float
CNN  -- A man in India set himself on fire and then grabbed a politician during a live television debate this week in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh , authorities said . Police said Durgesh Kumar Singh came out of the crowd Monday as India 's state-owned television station Doordarshan recorded the debate at a park in Sultanpur , about 100 miles from the city of Lucknow . He set himself ablaze with gasoline and threw himself on Kamruzzama Fauji , a local politician from the Bahujan Samaj Party . Singh died in the hospital a day later . Fauji is in critical condition with burns over 80 % of his body , police said . "  People were just too shocked to know what was happening , " local photographer Pankaj Kumar Gupta told reporters . The superintendent of police for Sultanpur district , Pratibha Ambedkar , was preparing for a visit by state Chief Minister , Akhilesh Yadav when she got a call from her office about a man threatening to set himself on fire . "  By the time we reached there , he had already set himself ablaze , " Ambedkar told CNN . Singh , 35 , had previously worked at a flour mill in Amethi , a neighboring district . His motives have yet to be confirmed , but authorities said the man 's family claims he was being treated for mental instability . "  Before the incident , the man also made a call to the local police control room complaining of harassment from his family , " said Ambedkar . India is in the midst of its nationwide parliamentary elections , which conclude May 12 . During elections , several news channels often stage shows in villages and towns across the country , engaging politicians with local voters . Voting in Uttar Pradesh , one of the country 's most populous states , began Wednesday morning . INTERACTIVE : The world 's largest democratic event	A man in India 's Uttar Pradesh state set himself on fire and grabbed a politician The man died from his burns ; the politician is hospitalized in critical condition The incident came as the country continues to vote in national elections
CNN  -- Could a massive passenger jet slip past radar , cross international borders and land undetected ? That 's a key question investigators are weighing as they continue the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , which vanished March 8 on a flight between Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , and Beijing . Radar does have some blind spots , and it 's possible to fly at lower altitudes to avoid being spotted , analysts told CNN . But experts are divided over whether that could be what happened to the missing Boeing 777 . Jeffrey Beatty , a security consultant and former FBI special agent , says someone could have planned a route that avoided radar detection . "  It certainly is possible to fly through the mountains in that part of the world and not be visible on radar . Also , an experienced pilot , anyone who wanted to go in that direction , could certainly plot out all the known radar locations , and you can easily determine , where are the radar blind spots ? " he said . "  It 's the type of things the Americans did when they went into Pakistan to go after Osama bin Laden . " On Monday , the Malaysian newspaper New Straits Times reported that the plane may have flown low to the ground -- 5,000 feet or less -- and used mountainous terrain as cover to evade radar detection . The newspaper cited unnamed sources for its reporting , which CNN could not immediately confirm . And a senior Indian military official told CNN on Monday that military radar near the Andaman and Nicobar Islands is n't as closely watched as other radar systems . That leaves open the possibility that Indian radar systems may not have picked up the airplane at the time of its last known Malaysian radar contact , near the tiny island of Palau Perak in the Strait of Malacca . U.S. officials have said they do n't think it 's likely the plane flew north over land as it veered off course . If it had , they 've said , radar somewhere would have detected it . Landing the plane somewhere also seems unlikely , since that would require a large runway , refueling capability and the ability to fix the plane , the officials have said . Malaysian officials said Monday that they were not aware of the Malaysian newspaper 's report . "  It does not come from us , " said Malaysia Airlines CEO Ahmad Jauhari Yahya . Analysts interviewed by CNN said that it would be extremely difficult to fly such a large aircraft so close to the ground over a long period of time , and that it 's not even clear that doing so would keep the plane off radar scopes . "  Five-thousand is n't really low enough to evade the radar , and that 's kind of where general aviation flies all the time anyway , and we 're visible to radar , " said Mary Schiavo , a CNN aviation analyst and former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . "  It just seems really highly improbable , unless we 've been overestimating a lot of other countries ' radar system capabilities , " said Daniel Rose , an aviation and maritime attorney . Buck Sexton , a former CIA officer who 's now national security editor for TheBlaze.com , said radar would have detected the plane if it flew over land . "  This is a bus in the sky . It 's a lot harder to get under the radar with this kind of thing than I think most people realize , " he said . "  So really , while the search I know has extended to this vast area stretching up into  the nations and central or south Asia  , clearly there really should be much more of a search over open water , because this is not getting past people 's radars . " It would n't be easy to avoid radar detection , experts say , but it could be done . "  Anything like this is possible , " radar expert Greg Charvat told CNN 's Piers Morgan Live . "  But to do it , you 'd have to have very detailed information of the type of radars , their disposition , their heights and their waveforms to pull that off . " Different countries would likely be using different radar systems , he said , but it 's unclear how advanced the technology is in many countries . "  It took a great deal of skill to do this , " CNN aviation analyst Jim Tilmon said . "  I think somebody was at the controls who understood the value of altitude control to eliminate the possibility of being spotted and tracked on radar . " Whoever was in control in the cockpit , he said , "  really had the ability to map out a route that was given the very best chance of not being detected . " One other possibility , he said : the plane could have shadowed another plane so closely that it slipped by radar detection . Other analysts say that would require so much skill that it would be nearly impossible to pull off without getting caught . There 's another possible wrinkle , experts say . Some countries may be hesitant to reveal what they 've seen on radar . "  They want to protect their own capabilities , " Beatty said . "  Their intelligence services are not going to want to publicize exactly what their capabilities are . " Here are other developments in the search and investigation , as search crews from 26 nations continue scouring vast swaths of ocean and land for any trace of the airliner : Timeline clarification Ahmad Jauhari said Monday that it was n't clear whether the final words from the cockpit came before or after the plane 's data-reporting system was shut down . Earlier , Malaysian authorities had said the message "  All right , good night " came after the system had been disabled . The voice message came from the plane 's copilot at 1:19 a.m. Saturday , March 8 , Ahmad Jauhari said . The data system sent its last transmission at 1:07 a.m. and was shut down sometime between then and 1:37 a.m. that day , Ahmad Jauhari said . Grief counselor : Families holding on to hope As authorities keep searching for the plane , the loved ones of the 239 passengers and crew members who were on board are left in limbo . Helping them has been difficult , grief counselor Paul Yin told CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  Grief counseling , or any kind of recovery from this , has to have a starting point . And the starting point is having a verdict of what happened , " he said . "  Without a starting point , every day people 's emotions go up and down , from hope to despair . " He heard some family members cheer when they learned that hijacking was possibly what caused the plane 's disappearance . "  Because that means they could still be alive , " he said . "  They 're trying to hold onto any little bit of hope . " Chinese response China said Monday that it had deployed 10 ships , 21 satellites and multiple aircraft to aid in the search . Premier Li Keqiang spoke with Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak to ask for more information to help speed the search along , according to a statement posted on the Chinese government website . A top Malaysian official denied the allegation that his country had held back information about the missing flight . "  Our priority has always been to find the aircraft . We would not withhold any information that could help , " Acting Transport Minister Datuk Seri Haishammuddin Tun Hussein told reporters . "  But we also have a responsibility not to release information until it has been verified by the international investigations team . " U.S. Navy pulls out destroyer The USS Kidd and its helicopters have stopped combing the Andaman Sea and are no longer part of search efforts for the missing plane , the Navy said . The move is partially because Australians are taking over the majority of the searching in that area , U.S. officials said . A U.S. P-8 aircraft will move to Perth , Australia , to be based there for searching . Fewer U.S. assets will be involved in the search for the missing plane , but U.S. officials said the P-8 will be able to cover a wider range of ocean more quickly than the ship could . "  This is actually much more effective for the overall search , " Cmdr. William Marks of the U.S. 7th Fleet told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer Monday . "  The real challenge is this huge expanse of water . I keep saying , if you superimposed a map of the U.S. on here , it 'd be like trying to find someone anywhere between New York and California . so that 's the challenge here , " he said . "  We have amazing , dedicated air crews . it 's just a matter of how much area we can search . " CNN 's Barbara Starr , Brooke Baldwin , Wolf Blitzer and Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	NEW : Grief counselor : Families are trying "  to hold onto any little bit of hope " Experts are divided over whether plane could have slipped past radar Analyst : Radar blind spots could be determined "  easily " USS Kidd pulls out of the search for the missing plane
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Strange lights in the sky , mysterious flashes , dozens of witnesses , a missing wind turbine blade and a tabloid splash featuring the pun : E.T. farm harm . The Sun tabloid newspaper 's UFO splash . Let 's hope there is n't intelligent life out there watching us . Britain 's tabloid Sun newspaper Thursday proclaimed from its front page that a wind turbine was ruined after a UFO hit one of its 20 meter-long blades in Conisholme , Lincolnshire . Dorothy Willows , who lives near the damaged turbine , told The Sun she was in her car when she saw strange lights in the sky . "  The lights were moving across the sky towards the wind farm . Then I saw a low flying object . It was skimming across the sky towards the turbines . " Apparently , hours later , she and her husband were woken by a big bang ; one of the turbine 's three blades had gone . It , was , however , on the ground below . Other locals told the newspaper that the lights looked like "  balls of flames . " Russ Kellett , a UFO expert , told the newspaper : "  Balls of light were seen in the sky and the MoD -LSB- Ministry of Defence -RSB- has no explanation . It must have taken a pretty massive object . We are very , very , very excited . " However , The Guardian newspaper 's Web site content director Emily Bell had a simple explanation for all those "  balls of light " in the sky . She told The Guardian the lights were fireworks her brother Tim had bought at the local garden center for the 80th birthday party of dad Peter Bell . "  It was a medium-sized fireworks display with absolutely no ballistics , and the fireworks were mostly dropping over my parents ' house . But we were laughing that we could have broken the wind turbine , " Emily said . "  There we are in the middle of a scoop and we 're beaten to it by a red-top tabloid , " Emily 's mother Bridget , 74 , told The Guardian . Later Thursday , the British Press Association reported the blade may have come off after a mechanical failure . Fraser McLachlan , chief executive of GCube , which insures more than 25,000 wind turbines worldwide , told PA that although it was unusual , this kind of incident happened up to six times a year . "  It does happen that a blade will sometimes just come off a machine for one reason or another , " he said . "  The main reason is the blade may shear . "  We do n't normally see things like aircraft -- or UFOs -- hitting them . It 's usually a mechanical failure that causes the blade to separate from the main hub . " He said the cold weather was another possible cause . Dr Peter Schubel , an expert in the design and manufacture of wind turbine blades at the University of Nottingham , agreed . He told the BBC that if the turbine blade was still , it would take a 10-tonne load to remove a blade , but if it was rotating the force could be a lot less . "  It 's definitely not a bird . It could be ice thrown from a neighbouring turbine that struck it . " Aliens out of control or simple mechanical failure ? A case for Mulder and Scully ? What do you think ?	British tabloid blames UFO for destroying wind turbine blade Newspaper quotes locals saying there were "  strange lights " in the sky Second newspaper says lights were fireworks from staff member 's family celebration
CNN  -- For the first time in 14 years , Hugo Chavez is n't running for president in Venezuela . But his legacy has loomed large over weeks of intense campaigning . And his words still echo through the South American country -- literally . At rallies , a recording of Chavez 's voice belting out the national anthem booms through loudspeakers . A phrase Chavez used has become a campaign slogan for Nicolas Maduro , the man Chavez tapped to be his successor . Thursday was no exception . State-run VTV aired video of Maduro waving to supporters at a Caracas rally marking the end of his campaign . His official campaign theme song blared in the background . The song -- "  Maduro from my heart " -- begins with Chavez 's voice , endorsing Maduro 's candidacy , The catchy tune includes lyrics like "  with Chavez and Maduro the people are safe , " "  Chavez forever , Maduro for president " and "  Chavez , I swear to you , my vote is for Maduro . " Less than six weeks after Chavez 's death , Venezuelans head to the polls Sunday to pick a new leader . Maduro , a member of Chavez 's inner circle during his 14-year rule , has pledged to continue Chavez 's efforts to build "  21st century socialism . " Opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski says he is pushing a more moderate approach , promising to continue social programs and improve the country 's economy . Both candidates closed their campaigns with massive rallies on Thursday , vowing to win decisive victories in Sunday 's election . Before Maduro spoke to supporters , a large screen behind him showed videos of Chavez on the campaign trail last year , dancing alongside supporters and singing the national anthem . Members of Chavez 's family surrounded Maduro onstage , hugging him and pumping their fists in support . When he registered to run for the presidency , Maduro told supporters , "  I am not Chavez , but I am his son . " At one rally , he told supporters that Chavez appeared to him in the form of a little bird to give him spiritual support . The frequent references to Chavez have drawn criticism from many in the opposition . One opposition website alleges that Maduro has said Chavez 's name more than 7,000 times in public appearances since the president 's death on March 5 . "  In recent days they were talking about a little bird , and I said , my God , with so many problems that there are in Venezuela , we have someone who believes in little birds , " Capriles said at a recent rally . Capriles has criticized Maduro for invoking Chavez since the outset of the campaign . "  Make no mistake , Nicolas , " Capriles said at a rally with supporters last month , "  do not hide behind the image of the president . Let him rest in peace . " While opposition figures have mocked Maduro 's recent reference to the bird , Maduro and his supporters have embraced it . VTV showed a bird perched on Maduro 's shoulders at the outset of Thursday 's rally . Maduro has said he 's proud to continue "  Chavismo , " the political movement Chavez started . Throngs of dedicated followers still call themselves Chavistas in devotion to the former president . Some analysts have questioned whether Maduro will have the charisma to maintain their support . At Capriles ' campaign closing rally on Thursday , one supporter waved a large sign above the crowd . "  I was a Chavista , " it said . "  Now I am a Caprilista . " Maduro told supporters on Thursday that Chavez remains at the helm . "  This is Chavez 's post , " Maduro said , gesturing toward the lectern where he stood . "  Chavez is still leading with his example and his love . " CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	NEW : Capriles and Maduro hold massive rallies to close their presidential campaigns Maduro 's campaign theme song features Hugo Chavez 's voice Capriles has criticized Maduro for "  hiding behind " Chavez Shortly before his death , Chavez tapped Maduro to be his successor
CNN  -- The first time I met Nelson Mandela was almost exactly 20 years ago . It was my first week in the Clinton administration and I had joined a trip to South Africa with my boss , Commerce Secretary Ron Brown . South Africa had yet to complete its transition to representative democracy , yet to put the stain of apartheid behind it . But the transformation had started . A reception was held for our delegation and Mandela was present . Charismatic , preternaturally graceful and dignified , he quietly chatted with each member of the group , posing for photos , smiling . One can only imagine how discordant his new role as hero and dignitary and certain future president was with his fairly recent past as a prisoner . But on a rolling green lawn in an elegant setting , he was the still center of the universe for all present . This father of change seemed to embody the unchanging , the enduring . I stood to the side , not wanting to get between him and the visiting CEOs and dignitaries . After a while , he and Brown seemed to notice that I was at the edge of the gathering , clearly shy . They exchanged a word or two and then Ron beckoned me over . He introduced me to Mandela and for just a few minutes the three of us spoke . This would be a better story if I remembered a word of what was said . But I do n't . I just remember that Mandela took the time , made the connection , seemed to listen to what I was saying and that at the end of it all , he said , "  Thank you for coming to South Africa . " The notion of him thanking me for anything , even as a polite gesture , was absurd . Of all the leaders I have known in my life , and it has been my good fortune to meet quite a few , none conveyed leadership as effortlessly . While he had yet to achieve his apotheosis -- the moment when the old South African regime ended and he , its onetime victim , was elevated to preside over a new , hopeful , incomparably more equitable era -- even by the time I met him , he had achieved a unique status on the world stage . He had made his remarkable journey and achieved victory in his nonviolent way . He had entered history and hearts worldwide . He did n't need an election to lead his people . He simply led . He inspired . But there was something more . Mandela was a great symbol , but he was elevated further still by a particular moment in the history of the planet . Seven years earlier , in the Philippines , Corazon Aquino had led the People Power Revolution that ousted the Marcos regime . Three years after that , people crowded Tiananmen Square and sent the unmistakable message that China must change . They were put down , but their spirit so endures that the memory of their uprising still galvanizes the Chinese people and puts fear in the heart of many in the Chinese leadership . And just a few months after that the Velvet Revolution toppled the Communist regime in Czechoslovakia . Elsewhere throughout the former Soviet Union , pillars of its strength were crumbling and by 1991 , that onetime superpower had fallen . Mandela had been released from prison in February 1990 . Imagine the upheaval in those years . The unshakable had been shaken . The unbreakable had been broken . Those whose power seemed unassailable had been deposed by those who had moments earlier seemed powerless . Mandela was the avatar of an era that reminded us that history is made by men and women of courage and that it can dismiss in the blinking of an eye all that seems unchanging . Mandela is a symbol of resistance to apartheid . He is a father to his country . But he was also a powerful symbol of the times in which he lived . He was hope incarnate . He was a message to all those brought down by injustice that no matter what the odds , no matter how impossible ultimate victory may seem , not to give up . Today , many lament the injustices and grave errors of these times . Growing inequality . Enduring racism . Insensitivity to the frailties of our planet . Oppression of countless groups , simply because of ethnic origin or religious beliefs or because they are women . We are frustrated that our governments seem to have lost their ability to govern . We worry that we are unable to rise to the challenges of our moment . And so in the death of Mandela comes yet another of his gifts to the world : a reminder not only of what he did but of the stunning changes that swept the world in the time of his triumph . It is a coda to a great life , a reminder to cast aside resignation and defeatism and know that great hearts do exist . And they sometimes do make the impossible happen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf met Mandela after he was freed from prison He says Mandela was unique in achieving victory in a nonviolent way . But he also was symbol for a time of challenges to power Rothkopf : Mandela was the avatar of an era in which the ` unchangeable ' could change
CNN  -- It is a surprising scene -- a picnic-like atmosphere with children playing in the pool under the tropical sun . The adults are also in celebration mode . The crowd is listening to a couple of rappers and some people dance to the beat . But this is not a park or a recreational facility . It 's not somebody 's backyard either . This is pavilion 1234 at one of the largest correctional facilities in Venezuela : San Antonio Prison . The prison is located on Venezuela 's Margarita Island , also home to a popular beach resort that attracts international tourists . Carlos Nieto Palma , a Venezuelan human rights advocate , says San Antonio , located in Nueva Esparta state , has become a recreational facility where you can find anything from weapons to drugs and alcohol . Inmates allegedly even have access to cockfighting rings and prostitutes , but that 's not the most shocking part . Nieto Palma , who 's also the general coordinator of A Window to Freedom , a prison watchdog group , says the inmates recently had a grand opening for a discotheque with capacity for 600 people . He learned about the night club after getting an invitation by email and confirming the news with prisoners . "  This invitation talked about a discotheque with stage lights and LED screens . It also talked about a party lasting until sunrise where there would be ` bad girls , ' with ` toys ' to play with them . You can then assume that they also had drugs , alcohol , and other things , " Nieto Palma said . This is not the first time conditions at the San Antonio prison have raised eyebrows . A New York Times report in 2011 called the prison "  a Hugh Heffner-inspired fleshpot . " Nieto Palma , who has been at San Antonio several times , says the prison is actually run by Teófilo Rodríguez , a convicted drug trafficker known as "  El Conejo " or "  The Rabbit . " Nothing happens at San Antonio without the approval of The Rabbit or his gang , he says . "  The state has n't been able to do anything against them in spite of the multiple statements made by the minister of prisons vowing to end the power of the mafias , " Nieto Palma said . CNN tried for weeks to get a response to the allegations from the Venezuelan Ministry of Prisons . In a phone call , ministry spokesman Francisco Solórzano dismissed the discotheque claim . "  That 's a lie . Someone came up with that lie because they were trafficking drugs inside the prison and we ruined their business . We do not respond to lies , " Solórzano said , before abruptly ending the call . The possible existence of a discotheque inside a Venezuela prison is just the latest example of a prison system that human rights groups including A Window to Freedom , the Venezuelan Observatory of Prisons and Human Rights Watch say is in a state of crisis . They say in the best cases , prisoners control their own affairs to preserve a fragile peace , while the worst involve constant riots and a climate of violence and murder . Read more : Report -- Prison riot kills dozens in Venezuela According to the Venezuelan Observatory of Prisons , a prisoner rights organization , there are 45,500 inmates in 33 Venezuelan prisons that were built for 17,500 . This means the overcrowding rate in the country 's prison system is 176 % . Marianela Sánchez , an attorney with the group , says the observatory estimates that about 5,300 inmates have died inside prison walls since 1999 and more than 15,000 have been injured . Many of the fatalities and injuries have been the result of prison uprisings . In January , 56 prisoners and one member of the Venezuelan National Guard were killed during riots at Uribana prison in Lara state , according to a report by Human Rights Watch . Forty-six other prisoners suffered serious injuries . During a weekend riot in June 2011 , 19 people died at El Rodeo I Prison near Caracas , the Venezuelan capital , as reported by the Venezuelan Interior Ministry . "  This government has been an accomplice by omission . We have a population of more than 20,000 inmates who have been the victims of violence in jails . Some have lost their lives others have been injured . The state does not have the ability and has not demonstrated in practice that it can protect the life of prisoners , " Sanchez said . Read more : Venezuelan prison standoff comes to an end -LSB- 2011 -RSB- Last December , Minister Iris Varela issued a statement after launching an investigation into the savage beating of inmates at a federal prison in Falcon state . The investigation was launched after a video showed prisoners forced to strip completely naked and hit in the buttocks , one by one , with what appeared to be a baseball bat . "  We strongly repudiate those actions against the inmates . It 's abominable . If there 's a government that has respected the human rights of prisoners , that is the revolutionary government led by -LSB- then -RSB- President Chavez , " the statement said . But Nieto Palma , the prisoner rights activist , says the government has done little to improve the situation and suggests the minister knows what happens inside prisons like San Antonio , on Margarita Island . He showed CNN a picture of Varela posing with The Rabbit to make a point : gangsters have plenty of clout . What makes San Antonio different is a lower homicide rate . In other facilities , where overcrowding can be at dangerous levels , violence is common . Last year alone , nearly 600 people died inside Venezuelan prisons , according to Human Rights Watch . But at San Antonio , hard-core criminals seem to be content for the most part . Their perks include free access to entertainment and women and a pool awaits those ready for a splash under Venezuela 's tropical sun . Additional reporting by Osmary Hernández in Caracas	A human rights advocate says San Antonio prisoners have access to weapons and drugs Prisoners were recently allowed to open a 600-person night club , Carlos Nieto Palma alleges But a Venezuelan government spokesman says claims of the prison discotheque are "  a lie " A prisoners ' rights group says jails are overcrowded and that violence is common
CNN Student News  -- January 28 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Northeastern U.S. • Egypt • Miami , Florida Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Fridays are awesome ! Just like the students and teachers at Ron Clark Academy , where I had the privilege of speaking yesterday . I 'm Carl Azuz , bringing you 10 minutes of headlines , leaving out the commercials . Let 's go ahead and get started . First Up : Crisis Avoidable AZUZ : The financial crisis -- the one that sent a shockwave through the U.S. economy and led to the Great Recession -- it could have been avoided . That 's what the final report from the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission says . This group was put together by Congress in 2009 to try to figure out the causes of the crisis . It held hearings , it interviewed hundreds of people , and released its findings yesterday . The main conclusion : the crisis was avoidable . Some political and financial leaders have argued that there was no way to see this crisis coming . But the commission says there were warning signs and those warnings were ignored or underestimated . The report puts part of the blame on major corporations , saying they did n't run themselves properly or take into account the risks of some of their business plans . It also blames government policies under both President Bush and President Obama , and some of the actions taken by the Federal Reserve as well . These conclusions come from the majority of the commission . Three members wrote a dissenting , or opposing report , though . They say the majority report does n't study the causes of the crisis , that it 's just a list of things that went wrong . The dissenting report also argues that even if the government had gotten involved sooner , it might not have prevented the crisis because it was a global problem . Northeastern Winter Storm AZUZ : Some of you who live in Florida or California might wish you could see snow more often . Some of you live in Florida or California because you do n't want to see snow more often , and we 're guessing that a lot of people in the U.S. Northeast are sick of it . That region is dealing with yet another strong winter storm . Dangerous traffic conditions , canceled flights , closed schools . Sandra Endo reports on just how much snow is falling and just how bad everything has gotten . BEGIN VIDEO SANDRA ENDO , CNN CORRESPONDENT , WASHINGTON , D.C. : Paralyzing roads and bringing bone-chilling winds , another winter storm has dumped more than a foot of snow in New York 's Central Park . NEW YORK CITY MAYOR MICHAEL BLOOMBERG : When the snow stopped falling at about 4 a.m. , the official reading in Central Park was 19 inches , breaking a record last set in 1925 . ENDO : In Massachusetts , the weight of the snow caused a partial roof collapse at this garage . JUDITH KENNEDY , LYNN , MASSACHUSETTS MAYOR : There were about 15 people inside the structure when it collapsed . Most of them have made it out under their own power . Thank God everybody seems to be OK . ENDO : Officials say there was three feet of snow on top off the roof . JAMES MCDONALD , DEPUTY FIRE CHIEF , LYNN , MASSACHUSETTS : We 've had a lot of snow and we 're gon na get more . Buildings like this do n't get shoveled off , and we are just at the mercy of the construction of the buildings that people are working in . ENDO : Airports across the Northeast are still trying to get back up to speed after hundreds of flights were cancelled . Airports were shut down for hours while crews worked to clear runways Thursday . And with schools closing in D.C. , Maryland , Philadelphia , New York City and Boston , this storm pushed snow removal budgets over the limit . Reporting from Washington , I 'm Sandra Endo for CNN Student News . END VIDEO Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Vernon 's social studies class at Margaret Pollard Middle School in Chapel Hill , North Carolina ! This man is the leader of what African country ? If you think you know it , then shout it out ! Is it : A  Egypt , B  Sudan , C  Libya or D  South Africa ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! This is Hosni Mubarak , the president of Egypt . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Unrest in Egypt AZUZ : President Mubarak is the leader of a country that 's in the middle of a political uprising . Protests against the government have been going on all across Egypt , and experts think there could be a lot more demonstrations starting today . The Muslim Brotherhood , the largest group of protesters , is speaking out against President Mubarak 's government . It 's telling its followers to protest in the streets after today 's weekly Muslim prayers end . In some cases , protesters have fought with police officers . They 've thrown things at the security forces . And those forces have used tear gas to try to break up the crowds . At least three protesters and one police officer have been killed this week . Social networking is playing a role in all of this , too . A lot of the protests are being organized on blogs and sites like Twitter and Facebook . This Day in History AZUZ : Focusing on a single event in our "  This Day in History " segment . On January 28th , 1986 -- exactly 25 years ago today -- the space shuttle Challenger exploded less than two minutes after liftoff , killing all seven people on board . Legacy of Learning AZUZ : One of those seven people was Christa McAuliffe . She was n't an official government employee , like most other astronauts . She was a teacher . And she was picked from a group of more than 11,000 people in the field of education to journey into space . John Zarrella shows us how , 25 years after McAuliffe 's tragic death , she 's still inspiring young people . BEGIN VIDEO JOHN ZARRELLA , CNN MIAMI BUREAU CHIEF AND CORRESPONDENT : The fifth graders at Francis Scott Key Elementary School in Arlington , Virginia know quite a bit about space . UNIDENTIFIED STUDENT : I want to be able to drive rovers on Mars . UNIDENTIFIED STUDENT : I just recently learned from my brother that the constellations have moved , which is very interesting ! ZARRELLA : There 's a good reason . A picture of Christa McAuliffe , the first teacher in space , sits on a cabinet in the classroom . The kids know who she is not so much from history books , but from their teacher . MICAELA POND , TEACHER : The woman moaned . This tooth must come out . ZARRELLA : You see , their teacher Micaela Pond is connected to McAuliffe in a way that simply can not fade over time . POND : I feel very lucky to have known her , and I try very much to inspire my students . Whatever your dream may be , it 's possible . ZARRELLA : A quarter century ago , Pond babysat Christa 's kids and knew McAuliffe from Sunday school . A junior at Concord High in New Hampshire where McAuliffe taught , she sat in the auditorium with other students that January morning . POND : And then we heard , "  Roger , go with throttle up . " NASA ANNOUNCER : Challenger , go with throttle up . POND : And that phrase , "  obviously there 's been a major malfunction . " UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Flight controllers here looking very carefully at the situation , obviously a major malfunction . POND : I think the realization hit us quite quickly that this is n't good . ZARRELLA : Seventy-three seconds into the flight , McAuliffe and the six other astronauts perished when Challenger exploded . The accident was caused by bitter cold combined with a faulty rocket booster seal . But the tears that fell that day soon turned to a river of inspiration , leading Pond and many others to follow Christa 's path . POND : I think Christa would be very proud of the legacy she 's left . I think she would be ecstatic to know that her students went on to be teachers and were inspired by her . ZARRELLA : McAuliffe called her flight the ultimate field trip . CHRISTA MCAULIFFE , TEACHER-ASTRONAUT : I do n't think any teacher has ever been more ready . ZARRELLA : She never got to teach her lessons from space . But today , Pond is one of so many who teach because of Christa McAuliffe . John Zarrella , CNN , at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida . END VIDEO Blog Report AZUZ : Excellent and very inspiring story . Well , I thought most of you would 've been against the idea of making it illegal to text while walking . And many of you were : just under 70 percent . But almost a third said this is n't such a bad idea . On our blog , Victoria wrote , "  there should be a law because if you 're walking across the street and not paying attention , someone could pull out and hit you . " But from Jeremy : "  Really , it 's the fault of the driver . Drivers should keep their eyes on the road to see hazards like pedestrians . " Shawn said , "  it 's a good idea to have in bigger cities , but not for smaller towns , where there are few people and less drivers . " And over at Facebook.com / cnnstudentnews , Brekiaa thinks "  the idea of pedestrians not being able to text is crazy . People are responsible for their actions and should be prepared for any consequence . " And Maria writes , "  I believe the proposal is fair . Maybe instead of a law , there should be a three-count rule . Get caught three times , then you get a ticket . " Before We Go AZUZ : Okay , remember that mysterious island piano in yesterday 's before we go segment ? Let 's play it again , sand . The mystery is solved ! A teenager says he 's the one who parked the grand piano out on this sandbar , with a little help from his friends and dad . He claims it was an art project for his future college applications . One man 's trash is another man 's art . In this case , it just happens to be the same man . Goodbye AZUZ : Authorities are n't planning to take any action against the piano prankster , so it 's nice that this grand mystery ended on a positive note . Okay , today 's sign-off line from Facebook.com / cnnstudentnews ? It came from just too many of you to count . But to you , from your anchorman : You stay classy , students ! Wish I had a moustache for that ; that 'd be really awesome . We want you to send us your sign-off line this weekend at Facebook.com / cnnstudentnews ! And we 'll see ya Monday . Bye bye !	A new report claims the U.S. financial crisis could have been avoided The Northeastern U.S. struggles through another round of heavy snowfall Christa McAuliffe inspires young people 25 years after her tragic death Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  Three Orthodox rabbis accused of planning and participating in the torture of Jewish men who refused to divorce their wives were convicted Tuesday of conspiring to commit kidnapping . Rabbis Mendel Epstein , 69 ; Jay Goldstein , 60 ; and Binyamin Stimler , 39 , were found guilty on one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping in New Jersey federal court . Goldstein and Stimler were also convicted on charges of attempted kidnapping . The rabbis were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars to orchestrate the kidnappings of Jewish husbands to persuade them through torture involving electric cattle prods and screwdrivers to grant "  gets , " a document that Jewish law requires a husband to present to his wife in order to be issued a divorce , court papers said . The men were arrested in October 2013 following an FBI sting operation that ended with Goldstein , Stimler and six other men with ski masks , surgical blades and a 30-foot nylon rope in a warehouse in Middlesex County , New Jersey . Lawyers for each of the rabbis told CNN they plan on appealing the convictions . "  Rabbi Epstein still firmly believes that he was protecting women 's rights and was protecting the agunahs and the families , " said Robert Stahl , the lawyer for Epstein . Without a "  get , " a woman is considered an "  agunah , " a chained woman bound to a man no matter how over the marriage might actually be . An Orthodox Jewish woman who does not receive a get runs the risk of being shunned in her community and labeled an adulteress if she moves on . Any future children she has are considered bastards permitted to marry only other bastards . "  I do n't think this was a traditional kidnapping , " said Aidan O'Connor , the lawyer for Goldstein . Goldstein is a sofer , a Jewish scribe who transcribes the Torah and writes other religious documents , including divorce papers , his attorney said . Nathan Lewin , the attorney for Stimler , called the verdict "  shocking " and said his client was only present at the warehouse as a witness for the ceremonial signing of the document . "  There 's no evidence that Rabbi Stimler knew what was going to be going on , " Lewin said . "  Of course we 're going to take all the steps to correct this injustice . " Epstein 's son , David Epstein , was acquitted on Tuesday of kidnapping charges . The jury returned not guilty verdicts on the attempted kidnapping charges against Mendel Epstein , and on more severe kidnapping charges against the three rabbis . Nine other individuals previously pled guilty in the case to conspiracy charges , according to a press release from the U.S. Attorney 's office in New Jersey . Henry Mazurek , the lawyer for David Epstein , said his client was grateful for the jury 's decision but called his client 's acquittals "  bittersweet " next to his father 's conviction . "  He really believes that  his father  was a champion of someone who was voiceless in his religion , " Mazurek said . Sentencing is set for July 15 . The men face up to life in prison .	Three rabbis found guilty of conspiracy to commit kidnapping in New Jersey federal court They were accused of orchestrating kidnapping , torture of Jewish men who refused to allow their wives a religious divorce Lawyers for the rabbis said they plan on appealing the verdicts
CNN  -- With Washington stuck in gridlock , tied up in the latest battle to rescue the federal budget , the last thing many people might want to do is watch a two - or three-hour movie about politics . Unless you 're in the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences . From "  Argo " to "  Zero Dark Thirty " to "  Lincoln , " politically focused films are battling it out for the Best Picture Oscar this year , and many have done well at the box office , too . So , with the Oscars coming up on Sunday , here is a roundup of politically inspired movies that have been nominated or won , past and present : THE 2013 NOMINEES "  Argo " Nominated for seven Academy Awards , "  Argo " may be considered Ben Affleck 's biggest achievement as a director . But although the real-life rescue thriller is nominated for Best Motion Picture , Affleck himself failed to get a nomination for Best Director -- seen as a slight by many critics and an omission that could affect the film 's chances for the big award . The movie takes place in 1979 revolutionary Iran , where , after 52 Americans were taken hostage at the U.S. Embassy in Tehran , six other American diplomats try to escape the country with the help of the CIA , the Canadian government and a Hollywood film team . "  Zero Dark Thirty " Kathryn Bigelow was the first woman to win an Oscar for Best Director with "  The Hurt Locker " in 2008 , a film about a U.S. Bomb squad in the Iraq war . Bigelow continued her theme of post-9 / 11 politics in "  Zero Dark Thirty , " an account of how Osama bin Laden was killed by Navy SEALs in Abbottabad , Pakistan . However , she has faced criticism for her depictions of torture in the film . Sen. John McCain called the movie "  misleading " and "  grossly inaccurate " for what he felt was the suggestion that torture helped lead to finding bin Laden . He , Sen. Dianne Feinstein and Sen. Carl Levin even wrote a letter to the CEO of Sony Pictures , expressing their disagreement with what the movie portrayed as fact . And , like Affleck , Bigelow was not nominated for this year 's Best Director award , even though the film received five other nominations . "  Lincoln " Daniel Day-Lewis appears to be the odds-on favorite to win the Oscar for Best Actor for his portrayal of Honest Abe in Steven Spielberg 's "  Lincoln . " The film , which received 12 Academy Award nominations , has been touted as a history lesson about what actually took place in the days leading up to the passage of the 13th Amendment . But the congressional delegation from Connecticut has challenged the film 's depiction of history . In the key scene where Congress votes on whether to end slavery , two members from Connecticut are depicted as voting against the amendment . But current Rep. Joe Courtney says that is wrong , that the state 's lawmakers actually voted unanimously in favor of ending slavery . He sent a letter to Spielberg expressing his dismay and hopes the movie will be changed ahead of its release on DVD on February 26 . And in case it does n't get changed , just for the record : Connecticut was n't cool with slavery . Now , Mississippi on the other hand ... PREVIOUS WINNERS AND NOMINEES "  Mr. Smith Goes to Washington "  1939 This 1939 film , which won one Oscar and was nominated for 10 others , is probably the one movie you 've heard grandparents talk about when they complain that today 's Hollywood is n't like what it used to be . Jimmy Stewart plays Jefferson Smith , the everyman who is suddenly thrust into the U.S. Senate . In the movie 's climatic scene , Stewart 's character launches into an actual filibuster  sound familiar ?  , a favorite tactic among current GOP senators . Stewart 's fictional filibuster , where he talked for 24 hours straight , was done to stop a bill that would have stolen land intended for a boy 's camp . That 's a slightly different crusade than , say , holding up the Chuck Hagel nomination . "  The Manchurian Candidate "  1962 "  The Manchurian Candidate , " nominated for two Oscars , debuted at the height of the Cold War . Frank Sinatra played Maj. Bennett Marco , who discovers that one of his fellow American POWs was brainwashed by the communists . Although the story is more than a half-century old , the political intrigue and paranoia over communism could easily be replaced with the current fear over Islamist terrorism . "  All The President 's Men "  1976 There 's nothing more exciting for Hollywood than movies about young people trying to upset the system . When "  All The President 's Men " -- which won four Oscars and was nominated for four more -- came out in 1976 , just about everyone had heard of Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein , the Washington Post reporters responsible for uncovering the Watergate scandal and forcing the resignation of President Richard Nixon . The film , which provided context and drama about how the reporters brought down the most powerful man on Earth , also inspired countless young men and women to become journalists in the pursuit of truth . "  JFK "  1991 Since this is an Oliver Stone project , most did n't expect a Lincoln-esque biopic of the nation 's first and only Catholic president . "  JFK , " which won two Oscars and was nominated for another six , centered around New Orleans district attorney Jim Garrison , played by Kevin Costner , and his investigation into the assassination of John F. Kennedy . In typical Stone fashion , history gives way to conspiracy . "  Malcolm X "  1992 Director Spike Lee rarely shies away from difficult subjects such as race in America . His 1992 film "  Malcolm X , " considered one of his best films , told the story of one of America 's most complicated and controversial civil-rights icon . It was also a statement on the state of American race relations . Denzel Washington , who played Malcolm , was nominated for Best Actor . The film 's only other nomination was for Best Costume Design . "  Nixon "  1995 Anthony Hopkins ' performance as "  Nixon " in this 1995 film was one of his best , helping the movie earn four Oscar nominations . Oliver Stone followed up the success of JFK with this biopic in which he tries to understand Nixon 's psyche , from his days as a young man to his eventual resignation as president of the United States . "  Bowling for Columbine "  2002 With the recent shootings in Aurora , Oak Creek and Newtown , the debate over gun violence has been reignited . But before those tragedies , there was the 1999 shooting in Columbine , where 15 people died . Michael Moore directed the documentary "  Bowling for Columbine , " which took a hard look at the gun culture in America and won the Oscar for Best Documentary Feature . "  Good Night , and Good Luck "  2005 Before Affleck got his taste for directing , it was actor-turned-director George Clooney who was receiving praise for his work behind the camera . With Clooney as director , this 2005 film -- nominated for six Oscars -- tells the true story of journalistic icon Edward R. Murrow in his battle against Sen. Joseph McCarthy during McCarthy 's red scare . McCarthy was a senator who wanted to root out what he suspected as communist elements in the U.S. Murrow was one of the most visible TV journalists to stand up to McCarthy and his tactics , and he represented the beliefs of those who felt McCarthy was on a political witch hunt . Recently , some Democrats compared Texas freshman Sen. Ted Cruz to McCarthy for his unsubstantiated claims that defense secretary nominee Hagel had received money from Saudi Arabia and North Korea . "  Syriana "  2005 Before 9/11 , many Americans were n't typically interested in politics abroad . But after that tragic event and the subsequent invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq , everything changed . The 2005 film "  Syriana " -- which won Clooney a Best Actor award and was nominated for another Oscar -- was a gripping political thriller based around the No. 1 currency in the world : oil . "  Frost/Nixon "  2008 Richard Nixon 's term as president has been great fodder for Hollywood . Maybe it 's the jowls . Or maybe it 's the fact that someone so powerful could have fallen so far . In "  Frost/Nixon , " nominated for five Oscars , Frank Langella plays Nixon after he resigned from the presidency . Langella squares off against talk-show host David Frost , played by Michael Sheen , and reveals Nixon at his most cunning and vulnerable . "  Milk "  2008 Harvey Milk was California 's first openly gay elected official , serving on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors . Sean Penn plays Milk in this Gus Van Sant film about the late gay rights advocate and leading figure in the LGBT movement . The movie won two Oscars and was nominated for another six .	This year , three politically themed films are up for Best Picture "  Argo , " "  Zero Dark Thirty " and "  Lincoln " touch on current and historical issues From "  All the President 's Men " to "  JFK , " Oscar loves politics
Los Angeles  CNN  -- She was remembered in her last Olympics 16 years ago -- a near lifetime in an athlete 's career -- as a diminutive figure whose size belied her big ambitions and ability to win Olympic gold . Janet Evans , at 5-foot-6 and 108 pounds , is now 40 years old , and just as Dara Torres made an extraordinary comeback at age 41 to be the oldest swimmer in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games , Evans is now seeking her own Act 2 . Evans has qualified to participate in late June 's trials to make the U.S. Olympic Team , and if she makes the cut , she will go on to compete in the London Games in July . When she retired following her last Olympics in 1996 , she was considered one of the greatest distance freestyle swimmers of all time , winning four gold medals . In all , she competed in three Olympic Games -- Seoul in 1988 , Barcelona in 1992 and Atlanta in 1996 . She was known for her "  unorthodox windmill " stroke , as she puts it . Now the Olympian who began swimming at age 2 and competing at age 4 is seeking her fourth Games over a 24-year period . Can she conquer the biggest adversary of all -- aging ? In a recent interview with CNN at her Huntington Beach , California , training facility about 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles , Evans said she has been working out five hours a day -- with her husband spending more time taking care of their two small children . But she still drops the kids off at day care with her hair wet and puts dinner on the table every night , she says . "  This time has been so much more fulfilling , " she said of her latest Olympics attempt . She has spent the past 16 years as an author , reality TV personality and a motivational speaker . "  Of course , the competitor in me wants to make the Olympic team , but I also feel like if I do n't , it 's been an amazing journey , " Evans added . Her return to long hours in the pool has agreed with her . She swims 10 miles daily , plus 45-minute workouts in the weight room . "  It did n't take me as long as I thought to get into a groove , " she said . "  My family really supported me . My husband said he would be home to take care of the kids , and so I found a routine . " The Laguna Beach , California , resident expects supporters in her quest to make the 2012 Olympic team , but she also expects her share of skeptics . "  The hardest part of this comeback was n't physical and was n't scheduling , " Evans said . "  It was the critics . And I knew there would be critics out there , and I always had critics in my career . " Those critics will say things like "  You know , she 's 40 . She has children . What is she thinking ? She already had this success . Leave it for someone else now . Someone else deserves it . You 've had your time , " Evans said . She has a simple answer to those critics . "  Well , if I swim fast enough , who says it 's not my time . " Evans says she 's proud of the fact "  that at 40 , I can come back and actually swim with 17-year-olds and keep up with them . " But she admits to having an occasional bad night of sleep because her daughter or son is up at night . Her trainer , Mark Schubert , said returning to swimming shape was n't easy for Evans . "  I think for her at 40 , the physical is the more difficult . You know she was always in good shape . But it was getting back into swimming shape . Her mental attitude has not changed . Not a bit , " he told CNN . "  Predictions in swimming are difficult , but I think Janet is going to amaze everybody with how fast she can swim , " Schubert added . Evans ' husband , Bill Wilson , said his admiration for his wife has grown . "  I understand why 20-year-olds do this , because I think when you are not in the pool training , you are resting , right , " he said . "  And for Janet at 40 with two kids and working and a mom , she does n't get as much rest as she would probably like , and I respect that even more . " CNN 's Chuck Conder contributed to this report .	Janet Evans , one of the greatest distance freestyle swimmers , has won four gold medals She competed in the 1988 , 1992 and 1996 Olympics She is known for her "  unorthodox windmill " stroke In late June , she will seek a spot on U.S. team to swim in London Games this summer
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Prince Charles visited the Vatican on Monday for his first meeting with a pope since his 1996 divorce from Princess Diana . Pope Benedict XVI is flanked by Prince Charles and his wife Camilla during their meeting at the Vatican . The heir to the UK throne was accompanied by his second wife , Camilla , the Duchess of Cornwall , who wore the mandatory modest black dress and veil which the Vatican requires for wives of dignitaries who meet the pope . The 20-minute meeting was "  cordial , " the Vatican said in a statement afterwards . Prince Charles 's accession to the throne was likely to be an unspoken subtext of the meeting , an expert on the prince told CNN . "  The biggest thing on Prince Charles 's agenda is the preparation for his coronation , " said Christopher Wilson , author of "  The Windsor Knot : Charles , Camilla and the Legacy of Diana . " Charles would like the pope to attend personally , unlikely as that may be , given the religious divide between London and Rome , Wilson said . "  He will expect a high-profile Roman Catholic presence in Westminster Abbey , " where he will be crowned , Wilson argued . "  The combined heads of state come from everywhere . Every democratically elected head of state will be invited . It bigs up your coronation if you can get the highest Roman Catholic to come . " The meeting between prince and pope came days after the 500th anniversary of the crowning of Henry VIII , the English king who broke with the Roman Catholic Church and established the Church of England because he wanted to divorce . It was Prince Charles 's first visit to the Vatican since he went to the funeral of Pope John Paul II four years ago , and his first meeting with a head of the Roman Catholic Church since 1985 . There are multiple factors complicating his relationship with the Vatican , Wilson pointed out . Not only is he divorced , which the Roman Catholic Church disapproves of , but so is Camilla -- and her children are being raised as Catholics because their father is one . A centuries-old British law forbids Catholics or their spouses from holding the throne . The Prince of Wales "  is trying to break down the breach between the Vatican and the House of Windsor , " Wilson said . "  It 's a path-smoothing exercise . " Additionally , he said : "  Prince Charles likes very much to be photographed with heads of state . He 's not the head of state himself . It adds luster to his royal presence . " Charles and the pope were expected to discuss issues such as interfaith dialogue and climate change -- subjects to which Prince Charles has devoted himself . The pair exchanged gifts . Benedict gave Charles a gold pontifical medal and an antique engraved copper plate of St. Peter 's Basilica dating from the 16th century . Charles gave Benedict a set of 12 porcelain plates with floral design of the plants and flowers that grow at his country estate in Gloucestershire . Afterwards , Prince Charles met Vatican Secretary of State Cardinal Tarciso Bertone and Vatican foreign affairs minister Archbishop Dominique Mamberti , while Camilla received a private tour of the Sistine Chapel . Charles and Camilla are on a tour of Italy and Germany at the request of Britain 's Foreign Office , Clarence House said . The European Union director of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office , Matthew Rycroft , cited "  the prince 's personal passion and personal engagement over the years on the issue of climate change " as a major reason for the trip , a Clarence House statement said .	UK 's Prince Charles meets pope for first time since divorce from Princess Diana Heir to UK throne was accompanied by 2nd wife , Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall Charles 's first visit to Vatican since he attended funeral of Pope John Paul II
Hamid Dabashi is the author of "  Iran : A People Interrupted . " He is Hagop Kevorkian Professor of Iranian Studies and Comparative Literature at Columbia University in New York . His Web site is http://www.hamiddabashi.com/ . Hamid Dabashi says imposing more sanctions on Iran , with its volatile politics , would be a mistake . CNN  -- In a recent congressional hearing , House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Howard Berman called the Iran Refined Petroleum Sanctions Act "  a sword of Damocles over the Iranians " that will soon come down if President Obama 's diplomatic overture did not show signs of success by the fall . That sword is no mere metaphor and might kill more than the president 's diplomatic overture . The hearing came as demonstrators around the globe joined Iranians protesting the brutal crackdown of the uprising against the beleaguered regime . Meanwhile , a kangaroo court began the trial of the leading reformists as the contested second-term presidency of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was about to be summarily inaugurated . Of the six invited panelists at this hearing , three -- Patrick Clawson of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , Orde Kittrie of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and Michael Rubin of the American Enterprise Institute -- maintained that the United States should impose more severe economic sanctions on Iran . Suzanne Maloney of the Brookings Institution and Karim Sadjadpour of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace were counseling that Congress wait until "  the dust has settled " over the current crisis before imposing such sanctions . Abbas Milani of the Hoover Institution , however , upped the ante and said that the United States and other nations should impose multilateral "  crippling sanctions " and not merely "  half-baked " measures . Although the paramount item on the agenda of the hearing was the Islamic Republic 's nuclear program , the key question of the current post-electoral crisis was obviously on everyone 's mind . Sadjadpour informed the committee that "  many members of the opposition and the population actually are starting to come around . Their views towards sanctions have changed . They 're not in a position to publicly articulate that right now . ... They 're starting to see value in it , " a view that Milani seconded . The Iran Refined Petroleum Sanctions Act would allow the president to take new measures against Iran by imposing sanctions on the export of gasoline to the country . The spirit of the meeting could not have been lost on any of the participants when Rep. Christopher H. Smith , R-New Jersey , invoked the example of Nazi Germany in criticizing Iran 's use of technology to block human rights , thus advocating new and harsher sanctions , or when he added that if sanctions did not work , Iranians "  need to know what 's coming next . " As to what exactly was to come next , Rep. Dana Rohrabacher , R-California , told the panel , "  we can do more than just sanctions , " meaning advocating covert support for Iranian opposition forces "  so that they will have the material well-being ... to take on that government themselves . " From there , Rep. John Boozman , R-Arkansas , proceeded to argue that he would support Israeli bombing of Iran . Kittrie proposed that in that event , it would be better for the United States to carry out any military action because "  we have the right capacity , " although he described that as not a "  good option . " From imposing "  crippling sanctions " to initiating "  covert operations , " all the way down to military attack by Israel and/or the United States amounts to a familiar scenario that has a very simple and coded antecedent in modern Iranian political culture : the CIA-engineered coup d'état of 1953 , for which President Obama apologized during his speech at Cairo University in June 2009 . Contrary to the vision and wisdom of the president , the political machinations of the U.S. Congress and the flawed advice offered by this group of panelists amount to a belligerent threat against the regime . That will exacerbate its self-righteous warring posture and have chilling consequences for the grass-roots civil rights movement inside Iran . To avoid that dangerous route , we need to make a distinction between the nuclear ambitions of the Islamic Republic and the growing civil rights movement in Iran . So far as the nuclear issue is concerned , the only viable and legitimate way to make sure the Islamic Republic does not develop a nuclear weapons program remains a multilateral approach through the International Atomic Energy Agency and geared toward a regional disarmament . This approach must begin by fully recognizing the fact that pursuing a peaceful nuclear program is widely supported by the Iranian people , even by those who regard the election as invalid . Any unilateral approach by the United States that categorically disregards this fact and overlooks the crucial question of regional nuclear disarmament is frightfully reminiscent of the lead-up to the Iraq war and is bound to fail . So far as the emerging civil rights movement is concerned , there is absolutely not a shred of evidence that any major or even minor opposition leader -- from Mir Hossein Moussavi to Mehdi Karrubi to Mohammad Khatami , or any of their related political organs or legitimate representatives -- has ever uttered a word that could possibly be interpreted as calling for or endorsing any sort of economic sanction against Iran , let alone "  crippling sanctions . " As in the Iraqi case , imposition of economic sanctions on Iran will have catastrophic humanitarian consequences , while it will even more enrich and empower such critical components of the security and military apparatus as the Pasdaran and the Basij . The two organizations work like a massive corporate conglomerate and have major control over the export-import components of both the official and the unofficial economy . It will also give them a welcome opportunity to accuse the opposition of cooperation with "  the Enemy " and initiate even a harsher crackdown of the opposition , and perhaps even move toward a full-fledged military coup . The fact of the matter is that the nascent civil rights movement in Iran , which can use the moral support of ordinary Americans , is an amorphous uprising still very much in its earliest , formative , stages . No one , particularly a panel that has a very thin and dubious claim on scholarship on Iran , can speak for it in any certain terms , especially in its having asked the United States to lead the imposition of new economic sanctions on Iranians . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hamid Dabashi .	Hamid Dabashi : Congressional hearing raised prospect of sanctions vs. Iran He says Iran 's civil rights movement is at a fragile moment He says harsh measures could give regime excuse for further crackdown
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A football team from southern Italy is hoping for entry into the Guinness World Records because all their players have the same surname , according to a media report . The entire squad of Team De Feo , an amateur side from the town of Serino , have "  De Feo " as their surname -- as does the coach , doctor and club secretary and sponsors , British newspaper The Independent reported . The club 's ground even sits on Via Raffaele De Feo . A tourism Web site for Serino shows that the mayor 's name is Gaetano De Feo . According to The Independent , the team was established by former Serie A player , Maurizio De Feo , who says he founded the team in a bid for inclusion in the Guinness Book of World Records . The name De Feo is very common in the region . A Guinness World Records spokesman told CNN there did not appear to be any active categories that the team 's identical surnames would fit in to -- but that new ideas were always welcomed . If the team was to submit a claim to Guinness World Records , the idea would be considered and a new category could potentially be created , the spokesman said .	Amateur football team in southern Italy all have same surname "  Team De Feo " founded by former Serie A player Maurizio De Feo Team has ambitions to get into Guinness Book of World Records
CNN  It 's got what many believe is the greatest club football team ever assembled -- FC Barcelona . Not to mention one of the planet 's greatest collections of art -- at the Prado museum in Madrid . Then there 's the food , which we 've suggested is among the greatest cuisine in the world right now . What makes Spain such a cultural powerhouse ? Size does n't hurt . It 's Western Europe 's second-largest country  after France  in terms of area , and the world 's third-largest exporter of wine , fruits and vegetables . But it 's the incredible diversity of its people and passions that holds the key to understanding Spain 's eternal appeal . More on CNN : "  Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown " season two 1 . There are many Spains During the grim decades of the fascist Francisco Franco 's rule , regional languages such as Basque , Catalan and Galician were banned in Spain . On the dictator 's death in 1975 , a new , ultra-liberal constitution broke up Castilian centralism by handing over sweeping autonomy to the 17 regions . The result was a reinvigorated sense of regional pride that had a ripple effect on every form of culture . That 's why street signs and menus sometimes come in unfamiliar dialects and languages such as Gallego  Galicia  , which closely resembles Portuguese ; Bable  Asturias  ; Catalan in Catalonia , the Balearics and Valencia ; and Basque  possibly Europe 's oldest language  , which remains an unfathomable mystery of x 's , k 's and z 's . 2 . Bulls are a unifying force Despite the diversity , Spain has at least one common thread : bulls . The bull is Spain 's iconic animal , and you wo n't miss seeing at least one -- alive , dead or fake . They famously thunder through the streets of Pamplona each July and snort and kick round the bull rings of Madrid , Seville and countless smaller towns . They also appear on hilltops beside motorways and in a decades-old advertisement for Osborne sherry . Many a stuffed bull 's head watches over a bar interior , where aficionados might be glued to a televised bullfight and later scan a review of the fight in the arts , not sports , section of the newspaper . There are areas of resistance to what some see as a barbaric event . The popularity of the bloody contest is waning among the younger generation , and Catalonia has now banned the sport completely . 3 . Spaniards do n't eat when you normally do Lunch is from 2 p.m. onward , and dinner comes after 10 p.m. . If you 're hungry in between or ca n't reset your body clock , there 's help -- tapas and pintxo bars  pintxo is the Basque equivalent of tapas  open around midday and again around 7 p.m. . In some bars , a snack still comes free with a glass of beer , sherry or wine , but some places now charge . San Sebastian is Spain 's gourmet capital , not only for top restaurants but also pintxo bars . You can make a meal on exquisite miniature dishes and glasses of txakoli  a lightly sparkling dry white wine  , Rioja or cider . 4 . There 's coastline beyond the Costa del Sol On the Costa del Sol , tales of rampant overpricing and badly designed hotels conflict with the glam , moneyed image of Marbella . The eastern Mediterranean coast is better known for low-cost tourism . But there are still unspoiled beaches where development and commercialism are largely absent . One of Spain 's rare volcanic regions , Cabo de Gata is a protected area in the southeast , where black-sand beaches sit beneath Arab watchtowers , monumental rocks and cactus-studded hills . In the southwest , the sandy beaches south of Cadiz are superb for windsurfing . In the north , attractive coves and fishing harbors edge the Bay of Biscay . 5 . It snows in the olive groves Andalucia is n't all shorts and T-shirts . In winter , snows falls at higher elevations , sometimes bringing a surreal vision of olive groves blanketed in white . The peninsula 's highest mountain range , the Sierra Nevada is almost permanently snow-capped , creating the perfect scenic backdrop to the Alhambra , the famed Moorish fortress and palace . In spring , wildflowers colonize the slopes , while in the valleys the last olives are harvested . More on CNN : Best of Madrid 6 . Life is just a series of fiestas Frenetic music , food , booze , dance and dressing up make saints ' festivals a highlight of the year in Spain , even in the tiniest of villages . The quirky Spanish imagination -- Pedro Almodovar 's movies exemplify it , as do Salvador Dalí 's paintings -- gives birth to the parade of grotesque papier mache figures in Valencia 's Las Fallas festival and the giant annual tomato fight in the town of Bunol . Seekers of peace and quiet might want to avoid Hellin , in Castile-La Mancha , when 10,000 drummers play for several days . Those of a nervous disposition might steer clear of Ribarteme , in Galicia , when survivors of near-death experiences parade through the tiny village in open-top coffins . When wild horses are corralled in Sabucedo , wine flows all night during La Rioja 's grape harvest or flamenco singers carouse into the early hours during Seville 's Feria de Abril , you know you can only be in Spain . 7 . Under many a church lurks a mosque Bell towers crowning Spain 's churches and cathedrals may appear Catholic , but if you look closely you might discern the form of a minaret , especially in places such as Seville and Cordoba . Iberia 's convoluted history brought a succession of invaders and religions , meaning many places of worship were rebuilt using the stones and structures of their predecessors . Roman temples lie deep below , later overlaid by churches , then Islamic mosques and , finally , after the total reconquest of the peninsula in 1492 , Christian churches again . The ultimate symbol is Cordoba 's eighth-century Mezquita-Catedral , one of the largest mosques in the world , with a cathedral parachuted into its heart . 8 . Easter is more important than Christmas Easter week  Semana Santa  is easily more important than Christmas in Spain . The whole country shuts down for four days from Holy Thursday at 1 p.m. , a rare example of punctuality . Day and night , swaying processions of impassioned penitents in tall hoods and flowing robes advance to a hypnotic drumbeat , carrying crucifixes and weighty life-size statues of agonizing Christ figures and weeping virgins on pasos  floats  , while flickering torchlight adds to the electric atmosphere . Andalucian pageants are more animated , with stirring saetas -- spontaneous wails of passion . In the north , although the pattern of parish brotherhoods is similar , the atmosphere is more solemn . 9 . There are many layers of ham Ham scams have become so widespread in Spain that recent legislation introduced new definitions for ham quality . Jamon is a gastro-passion throughout Spain , inspiring fierce rivalry between producers . The most velvety , expensive and sought after variety is jamon Iberico de bellota , from acorn-fed , indigenous black pigs reared in four specific regions : the Sierra de Huelva mountains , in western Andalucia ; Extremadura ; Guijuelo , near Salamanca , and Los Pedroches , north of Cordoba . At the bottom of the table is jamon serrano , produced industrially from white pigs yet still palatable . 10 . Catalonia may not be part of Spain much longer Catalans speak another language , have their own flag , are fanatical about cured sausages , nurtured the showman-chef Ferran Adria  of late el Bulli  , build acrobatic people-pyramids and , traditionally , dance rather slowly . They 're gunning for independence from Spain , with a referendum in the cards for 2014 . What they 're good at is architecture , art and food -- elements that combine with dazzling grace in Barcelona . 11 . You can stay in monasteries -- without taking vows Back in 1928 , the Spanish government decided to rescue its crumbling monuments by converting them into grand hotels , or paradors . These castles , monasteries or palaces in atmospheric old towns or tranquil rural spots soon acquired conquistador-style interiors and a faithful clientele -- there are now 93 throughout the country . The pick of the bunch may be the Hostal dos Reis Catolicos , in Santiago de Compostela -- it started life in 1499 as a hostel-turned-hospital for exhausted and sick pilgrims after their 500-mile walk from the Pyrenees . The pilgrims ' goal was the spectacular cathedral next door , allegedly home to the relics of St. James . Beware of loud clanging bells . Fiona Dunlop is the author of "  New Tapas , " "  Real Tapas " and "  National Geographic Spain . " She blogs at fionadunlop.com .	People typically do n't eat dinner in Spain until after 10 p.m. It 's hard to keep up with all the fiestas throughout the country Spain has at least one common thread : bulls Catalans yearn for independence from Spain
CNN  -- The Coast Guard said Tuesday that its crews and other agencies have suspended the search for three children a woman claims she threw off a bridge into the Delaware River overnight . Delaware River Port Authority officials said there was "  no evidence " to support the woman 's claim , the Cherry Hill New Jersey Courier-Post reported . "  We have no evidence of any activity of that type on our bridge during the hours in question , " the Courier-Journal quoted authority spokesman Ed Kasuba as saying . Kasuba added that the bridge is under constant surveillance . Authorities called off the search at 12:25 p.m. after searching 10 square miles for more than eight hours , the Coast Guard said . Crews from Coast Guard Station Philadelphia ; Coast Guard Air Station Atlantic City , New Jersey ; Camden Police and Fire Departments ; Delaware River Port Authority ; New Jersey State Police ; Philadelphia Fire and Rescue ; and Philadelphia Marine Police aided in the search , a Coast Guard statement said . They focused on an area of the Delaware River near the Benjamin Franklin Bridge , the Coast Guard said , which connects Camden , New Jersey , and Philadelphia . A nurse at St. Joseph 's Hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , called the Coast Guard just before 4 a.m. to say a woman told her she had given birth about 3:35 a.m. and threw her baby into the river , a Coast Guard statement said . The woman told another nurse that she threw her 2-year-old and 4-year-old children from a bridge into the water , the statement said . Kasuba told the Courier-Post the bridge 's walkways are closed overnight . If the woman had driven a car and stopped on the bridge , Kasuba said , she would have had to cross over the PATCO High Speed Line rail on the bridge to get to the walkway . "  Somebody would have seen it , " Kasuba was quoted as saying . The whereabouts of the woman , whom the Coast Guard identified as Michelle "  Shelly " Perez , are unknown .	Agencies have suspended a search for children reported in Delaware River A woman told a nurse she threw her newborn off a bridge into the river She told another nurse she threw two other children from the bridge The search went on for more than eight hours
CNN  -- If the "  Old Lady " of Italian football needs a sharp reminder of where she wants to be , Wednesday 's European Champions League clash should provide it . Any trip to the Bernabeu to face Real Madrid -- the nine-time champion of Europe -- is one to savor , even for a club of Juventus ' stature . It will also reinforce president Andrea Agnelli 's resolution that his rejuvenated side still has a long road to travel before its regeneration is complete . The Turin team 's name in Latin means "  age of youth " -- and this journey , for a club formed 115 years ago , is indeed still maturing . When Agnelli took charge in 2010 , becoming the fourth member of his family to take the role , the Italian giant was still piecing itself together from the "  Calciopoli " match-fixing scandal which saw it stripped of two Serie A titles and demoted to the second division in 2006 . The 37-year-old has overseen a transformation of Juve 's fortunes on and off the pitch , the club having moved to a new stadium at the start of a season in which it would claim its first title in nine years . Yet despite increasing revenue by 32.8 % in the past financial year , the "  Bianconeri " still made a loss of $ 15.9 million  $ 21.9 million  . Real Madrid , on the other hand , posted revenue of $ 520.9 million  $ 715.8 million  -- 36.9 % of which was profit . "  Stadium and sponsorship , those are the two elements that we have to grow , to reach a point to become independent from Champions League revenues , " Agnelli told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  Then , once you get them , that is the extra fat you can work on . "  At the moment , and this is the thing that worries me the most , we are still dependent on that  Champions League income  to make the numbers meet . " Juventus made more money than any other club in last season 's competition -- $ 65.3 million  $ 89.7 million  -- over $ 10 million more than eventual winner Bayern Munich . That figure owed largely to a domestic television deal that improved once fellow Italian club Udinese failed to negotiate its way through the playoff stages . The windfall underlines how vital a revenue stream it is for the club , and the precarious nature of an existence which relies on the luxurious flow of money from competing at Europe 's top table . That fact is even more evident after last weekend 's results . Despite leading 2-0 at Fiorentina on Sunday , Juve eventually fell to a 4-2 defeat , a result that leaves it five points behind leader AS Roma and vulnerable to attack from the likes of old rivals AC Milan and Inter -- both circling below . If Juve does n't manage to make it a hat-trick of a successive Serie A titles , it must at least cling onto third spot to qualify for the Champions League playoffs . Should the club then make the lucrative group stages , that revenue will tide it over until the end of next season , when several key financial shackles will be lifted . "  This year and the following we are going to struggle , but in 2015-16 , that is when a number of important contracts expire and others can kick in , " Agnelli explained . "  That should put us in a position to become independent from European sports competition revenue . That will be very important for the club . "  It means the year you might fail on sports results , it does n't compromise the work in  other  years . "  The only alternative you have if that is the case is to sell an asset you have grown internally , and we do n't want to do that because we want to be competitive . " A vital component of Juve 's future is its new stadium . Its former Stadio delle Alpi home , built for the 1990 World Cup in Italy , was cavernous and crumbling . Stifling in terms of facilities and atmosphere , it had become a 69,000-capacity relic . The Juventus Stadium may be significantly smaller , with an all-seater capacity of 41,000 , but it is regularly full and provides a far more intimate experience for spectators . Whereas the stands at the Stadio delle Alpi were an average of 70 meters away from the pitch , fans at its replacement are just seven meters from the action . And though the move has increased revenue , Agnelli claims Juve is being held back by a clutch of old stadiums that proliferate Serie A. "  Our stadium has been very important but I think we 've filled the gap with the European competition , " Agnelli added . "  At the moment it 's very important from an environmental point of view because it really does give a different rush to the team . But we struggle in terms of pricing because all our competitors are in old stadiums . "  The perfect benchmark for our stadium is Stamford Bridge -- 41,000 people both of them -- but Chelsea generate more than double we do in terms of pricing . " According to Agnelli , Juventus Stadium is not only vital to renewing his club 's future , but can also act as a lightning rod for Italian football . Whereas once it was the most desired place to play domestic football in Europe , now it has fallen behind England , Germany and Spain , with Portugal and France gaining ground all the time . "  There are a lot of resources which can be gained from the stadium but we also suffer from the same show , which is being put up at our competitors ' stadiums . They are obsolete and they price them completely differently , " Agnelli explained . "  You can debate that Juventus vs. AC Milan is the same as AC Milan vs. Juventus in terms of the show on the pitch but the theater is completely different -- they price it one way , we price it another . "  That kind of becomes unacceptable for the spectator . Once all the others get new stadiums -- if and when -- that means you can raise the whole level of the show . "  That for us is paramount because us alone , we are just a white flag , as interesting as we might be . "	Juventus is clawing its way back to break even point after low point of 2006 Old Lady was stripped of two Serie A titles and demoted in match fixing scandal Juve now looking for third straight league title after Andrea Agnelli became president Club edging back to healthy financial state but still reliant on Champions League income
Washington  CNN  Divided on other issues , U.S. lawmakers united in support of Israel on Friday with the Senate approving another $ 225 million for the Iron Dome missile defense system . The House followed Friday night by voting 395-8 in favor of the measure . Senate approval came as the chamber wrapped up work before going on its five-week summer recess . The United States helped Israel create the missile defense system , which is credited with shooting down Hamas rockets in the current Gaza conflict . "  We could not go out for a month or five weeks and not act to help the Israelis replenish their supply of Iron Dome missiles , " GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona told reporters . On Thursday night , Republican Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma blocked the Iron Dome funding requested by Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel because it would add to the budget deficit . McCain and Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina then spoke to Coburn -- a notorious fiscal conservative -- about the critical moment facing Israel , Graham said , adding that "  to his credit , he let it go . " With Coburn 's objection gone , the measure passed swiftly by unanimous consent on Friday morning just as the latest attempt at a cease-fire in the Gaza conflict was disintegrating . Supporting Israel is a political necessity for many U.S. legislators , especially with congressional elections coming in November . McCain called for the House and President Barack Obama to now also approve the Iron Dome money in order to show the people of Israel that "  we will stand with them and that we will provide them with what they need in order to defend themselves . " How Iron Dome blocks rockets from Gaza , protects Israelis Could the Iron Dome be hacked ? Opinion on Iron Dome	House approves $ 225 million measure passed earlier by Senate Support for Israel transcends Washington political gridlock Both chambers wrapping up before a five-week summer break
OPRAH.com  -- When the first book of the "  Twilight " series was released in October 2005 , no one could have guessed the phenomenon it would become . Four years later , 70 million copies have been sold worldwide . The books have spent 143 weeks on the New York Times best-seller list , and the first movie in "  The Twilight Saga " grossed $ 380 million at the box office . The story , a love triangle between a vampire , a human and a werewolf , has ignited an international frenzy , and the woman behind it all is 35-year-old author Stephenie Meyer . Once a stay-at-home mom , Stephenie says the idea for "  Twilight " came to her in a dream . "  It was two people in kind of a little circular meadow with really bright sunlight , and one of them was a beautiful , sparkly boy and one was just a girl who was human and normal , and they were having this conversation . The boy was a vampire , which is so bizarre that I 'd be dreaming about vampires , and he was trying to explain to her how much he cared about her and yet at the same time how much he wanted to kill her , " Stephenie says . "  It really captured my imagination . " That dream became Chapter 13 of "  Twilight . " Oprah.com : Get your Twilight " primer Before the night of the dream , Stephenie says she had lost herself a little in the work of motherhood . "  I was really burned out . I really had gotten into that zombie mom way of doing things where I was n't Stephenie anymore , " she says . " -LSB- Writing "  Twilight -RSB- was a release . That was the dam bursting . I 'd been bottling up who I was for so long , I needed an expression . " Though she 'd been married for 15 years , Stephenie says she did n't tell her husband at first about her new passion . "  My husband thought I 'd gone crazy . I 'd barely spoken to him because I had all these things going on in my head , and I was n't telling him about this weird vampire obsession because I knew he 'd freak out and think I 'd lost my mind , " she says . At first , Stephenie was documenting her dream only to make sure she would remember it , she says . "  The dream was just something I was so interested in , and it was so different from what my everyday was at the time , " she says . "  I just wanted to remember it so badly . That 's why I started writing it down -- not because I thought this would be a great story for a novel . " Oprah.com : Read an excerpt from "  Twilight " Though Stephenie had been an avid reader all her life , she says she was never a writer before "  Twilight . " "  It seems kind of presumptuous to me -LSB- to think -RSB- anyone else would want to read the things that are in my head , " she says . "  I did n't think of it -LSB- as a book -RSB- . I did the dream . And then I wanted to see what would happen with them . It was just me spending time with this fantasy world , and then when it was finished it was like , ` This is long enough to be a book ! ' " Before "  Twilight , " Stephenie says she read every type of book except for horror . "  That was the genre I just knew I was too chicken for , " she says . "  I read a little bit of everything . ... When I was 8 , I was reading "  Gone with the Wind " and "  Pride and Prejudice " and all that , not knowing it was n't my reading level . " Oprah.com : Gift ideas for every reader on your list Now that "  Twilight " is a huge success , it 's hard to imagine any literary agent rejecting it . But Stephenie says she 'd submitted it to plenty of people before she was signed . "  I got nine rejections , five no answers and then one ` I 'd like to read more , ' " she says . Stephenie says it was her sister who really pushed her to keep submitting it to more agents . "  She was the only one in the world who knew what I was doing , " she says . These days , the "  Twilight "  series is more than just a literary hit . The first two movies have also created a stir and catapulted three young stars into the limelight . British actor Robert Pattinson , who plays the lead vampire Edward Cullen , is now an international heartthrob . "  I knew that the problem was going to be Edward , because he 's the perfect vampire , " Stephenie says . "  How do you cast that from your pool of human actors ? " When producers found Robert , Stephenie says it was a perfect fit . "  He 's got something about him . He does n't look like everybody else . There 's something unusual , " she says . "  There are moments where he looks exactly like he did in my head . " Stephenie says casting Bella , the book 's protagonist , was a bit easier . "  There 's plenty of people who look like the girl next door , " she says . "  We were really lucky -LSB- to cast -RSB- Kirsten Stewart , who is a phenomenal actress . I did n't know if we were going to get that caliber . " Though Twi-hards , as fans are called , know most everything about the series , Stephenie says there is one secret she 's never revealed before . "  There was a different ending to "  New Moon " originally , " she says . "  It was a much quieter book . It was very much all in Bella 's head . " Oprah.com : Are you a Twi-hard ? Take the quiz ! Stephenie says fans have her mother to thank for "  New Moon 's " current dramatic ending . "  My mom 's like : ` You know , Stephenie , maybe a little more action at the end would be a good idea . Maybe you need that , ' " Stephenie says . "  And she was right , as usual . " Find out more about "  New Moon " Her mother 's suggestion prompted Stephenie to introduce the Volturi , an all-powerful coven of vampires living in Italy , sooner than she 'd planned . "  That 's kind of my favorite part now , and it 's there because my mom told me it would be better that way . " From The Oprah Winfrey Show © 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	"  Twilight " author Stephenie Meyer reveals her inspiration for the book "  I really had gotten into that zombie mom way of doing things ... " before a dream Nine people rejected her book , five ignored it , one said "  I 'd like to read more " Coven of vampires added to "  New Moon " after her mom suggested more action at end
CNN  -- Screen-Free Week , the international , seven-day celebration of life beyond screen-based amusements , begins today . It 's a great time to take a much-needed vacation from digital entertainment . Each year , often in conjunction with schools , organizations and whole communities , families exchange their usual screen-based leisure time activities for more time playing , creating , reading , dreaming , connecting with nature and enjoying family and friends .  Yes , we still have to use screens for work and homework . If you ca n't celebrate this year , make it a point to join us in 2015 . Taking a break gives us a chance to catch our breath , look at how much time we and our children spend with screens and perhaps even decide to make some important lifestyle changes . Many kids spend too much time with screens -- and it 's not good for them . As a psychologist and director of an advocacy organization focused on children and families , I frequently speak to parents about the impact of media and technology on young children . What I hear repeatedly is that the recent explosion of screen devices raises increasingly complicated challenges . Digital media are so compelling , exciting and omnipresent that it 's getting harder to figure out how , when and even whether to set limits . Adding to the confusion is the ubiquitous and persuasive marketing of screen products as educational for young children -- even for babies -- and that digital media are a often a surefire way for overstressed parents to keep their children occupied . Screens are a fact of 21st-century life , and kids find them entrancing . Why should we set limits or deprive young children of digital experiences ? One compelling reason is that excessive screen time is linked to a host of childhood problems , including poor school performance , attention issues , sleep disturbance , obesity and more . That 's why the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends discouraging screen time for children younger than 2 and setting limits on time and content for older children . Because the explosion of smart phones and tablets is so new , most of the research on harmful effects is associated with television , but emerging studies are beginning to raise concerns about time with all kinds of digital media . At the same time , research suggests that monitoring time and content can mitigate some of screen media 's negative effects . As kids get older , setting limits becomes more challenging , but it 's still important . By adolescence , if not before , digital technologies are often completely integrated into homework assignments , connecting with friends and gathering information about the world . That 's why many families make sure to preserve screen-free family meals or institute at least one night a week when , except for homework , they all ditch their devices and spend time engaged in other activities . Since it 's much easier to increase children 's time with screens rather than take it away , it 's helpful to recognize the need to make thoughtful decisions about media use early on . What do our youngest children actually learn from digital media ? One thing they may learn is to need screens for stimulation and soothing . For better or worse , the roots of lifelong habits and behaviors form in early childhood . The experiences we have in our first years of life -- and the experiences we do n't have -- shape the very structure of our brains . Limited time with quality screen media and technology can be educational for preschoolers . But digital devices are by no means essential to their learning . As for babies and toddlers , the more time children younger than 2 spend with screens , the more time they spend as older children and the harder time they have turning them off . Despite unsubstantiated corporate marketing claims that apps can teach babies as young as 6 months numbers and letters , there 's no evidence that infants and toddlers learn anything meaningful from any kind of screen time . There is plenty of evidence about what they need for healthy brain development -- hands-on play , active play and face-to-face engagement with the adults who love them . Babies thrive when they 're talked to , played with and read to . Time with screens takes them away from those crucial activities . What 's most important for babies , preschoolers and even kindergartners is to learn how to learn . They need the time , space and silence for hands-on creative play . They need to explore the world with all their senses , to nurture their creativity and constructive problem solving and to learn social skills to build the ability to work and play with other people . They need to acquire patience , develop stamina and be able to delay gratification . They need to learn to act , rather than merely react . They need to learn to generate their own amusements and to enjoy and value their own creations . Young children ca n't learn most of these skills and attributes effectively from a screen . In fact , most of what very young children encounter on a screen today inhibits rather than promotes the kind of creative problem solving so essential to learning . Makers of new digital media for young children distance their products from video and television by marketing so-called educational apps and games as "  interactive , " but a 2012 Australian study found that only 2 % of the apps marketed as education for young children promote the kind of open-ended exploration that fosters learning . For parents worried about the strain of limiting digital entertainment , Screen-Free Week is a good time to experiment and see what it 's like to replace screen entertainment with other activities . After all , it 's only seven days . You might enjoy it -- most people do . What are rules around screen time in your household or your children 's school ? Share your thoughts in the comments or CNN Living 's Facebook page . Join @CNNSchools on at noon ET Wednesday for a Twitter chat about kids and screens .	Screen-Free Week is May 5-11 , when some families and schools cut back on devices Psychologist Susan Linn writes that many parents are n't sure how to cut kids off Linn : "  What 's most important for babies and preschoolers is to learn how to learn "
CNN  By the time Cynthia Falardeau read about Alex Pring , a little boy who got a battery-powered robotic arm last summer , she had made peace with her son Wyatt 's limb difference . Her premature baby had been born with his right arm tangled in amniotic bands . At a week old , doctors amputated his dead forearm and hand . They were afraid his body would be become infected and he would die . Falardeau mourned her boy 's missing arm for years but , in time , embraced her son as he was . Wyatt also learned to adapt . They tried a couple of prosthetics when he was younger and each time the toddler abandoned the false limb within months . "  His main interest was to create a shocking response from onlookers by pulling it off in the grocery store , " Falardeau wrote on CNN iReport . In truth , she had been more concerned about getting him therapy for his autism-related delays -- the limb difference was secondary . So when a friend shared a story from the "  Today Show " with Wyatt in mind , about a team of University of Central Florida  UCF  students and graduates that made an electronic arm for 6-year-old Pring using a three-dimensional printer on campus , Falardeau was defensive . "  He does n't need this , " she thought . Her fifth-grader had a different reaction : "  I want one of these robot arms ! " Falardeau remembers Wyatt telling her and her husband . "  I could ride a bike ! I might even be able to paddle a kayak ! " There were other things the 12-year-old boy said he would do if he had two hands . A proper somersault . Clap with two hands . Dance with a pretty girl with one hand on her back and the other leading . Stuff she had n't really thought about but he clearly had . Falardeau got in touch with the Orlando students through E-Nable , an online volunteer organization started by Rochester Institute of Technology research scientist Jon Schull to match people who have 3-D printers with children in need of hands and arms . The organization creates and shares bionic arm designs for free download at EnablingTheFuture.org that can be assembled for as little as $ 20 to $ 50 . Middle and high school student groups and Girl and Boy Scout troops are among those donating their time and materials to assemble limbs for kids and give them to recipients for free . The UCF team , which operates a nonprofit called Limbitless Solutions , is special because it 's the only group in the 3-D volunteer network making electronic arms . Most 3-D arms are mechanical , which presents a challenge for children without elbows . With mechanical arms , the child opens and closes their hand by bending their elbow . The students came up with the idea for an electronic arm with a muscle sensor that allows the child to open and close their hand by flexing their bicep . "  It 's really just a step-by-step process of solving problems . The first problem we solved was : how do we make the hand move electronically ? And then : how do we attach this arm to a child ? " said sophomore Tyler Petresky . "  It 's just one problem after another we keep solving . That 's what engineering is all about . " The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates about 1,500 babies in the United States are born with upper limb deformities each year . Comprehensive statistics are n't available for the number of children with amputations , such as Wyatt . The UCF project started when Albert Manero , an engineering doctoral student , heard a story on the radio about one of the inventors of the 3-D printed hand . He got involved with E-Nable and met Alex , a local boy teased because of his missing arm , and set about designing a robotic replacement . They gave it to Alex for free . "  My mother taught us that we 're supposed to help change the world , " Manero said at the time . "  We 're supposed to help make it better . " The students were blown away by what happened after that . The "  Today Show " and other national news outlets featured stories about Alex and Manero , and then they got international attention . Families in more than 25 countries have asked the UCF students to help their children . In February , Microsoft highlighted the team in a social media campaign celebrating students using technology to change the world . Each electronic limb takes about 30 to 50 hours to make and assemble . The students use the printer in the school 's manufacturing lab and cover the cost of materials -- about $ 350 -- through donations . Petresky got involved with the design of Pring 's hand because Manero knew he was good with electronics . "  He bribed me with some pulled pork sandwiches . I went over to his house and helped him out with electronics , " he said . "  I found out he was working on an arm , and I thought that was the coolest thing in the world . " Eventually Manero moved to Germany for a Fulbright scholarship and left Petresky in charge of running the operations in Orlando . Petresky says they ask every family about the child 's favorite color , superhero and interests , so the new limb can "  not just be a piece of plastic ... but be a part of them . " As they 've designed the bionics , they 've learned that kids do n't necessarily want to blend in . Children have requested colorful designs inspired by superheroes , Disney 's "  Frozen , " and in Wyatt 's case , the blue-skinned men from "  Blue Man Group . " For Christmas , the group upgraded Alex 's plain vanilla white arm to a new one resembling Optimus Prime from "  Transformers . " "  We quickly found out this is much less about fitting in and feeling normal , and much more about expressing yourself , " Petresky said . "  There 's a large aspect of being artistic and being creative . " The team has made electronic arms for five children and are working with three more kids including Wyatt . He traveled with his mom to UCF last week and practiced flexing his muscle to make the hand open and close . He expects to get fitted with his new arm later this month . His mom , Cynthia , was most excited about seeing Wyatt being celebrated for who he is . "  The adoration of college students was an affirmation that money ca n't buy . He was wrapped in the joy of leading and advising students on how to help children like himself , " she wrote in her iReport . "  Wyatt felt like he was making a difference for himself and other children . " As they got ready to leave the campus , her son told her he ca n't wait to see what he will accomplish with his new arm . And someday , he said , he wants to go to UCF and help other kids like him .	Around the world , volunteers with 3-D printers are making limbs for children . Meet some Orlando engineering students changing the world .
CNN  -- Iran and Turkey signed a trade pact Sunday , one which Tehran said could be worth $ 30 billion over five years and signaled even stronger ties between the two nations . Both nation 's leaders touted the agreement as something that could provide huge mutual economic benefit , according to their respective state media . Tehran , especially , played up the deal as evidence of a new era in relations . "  Iran and Turkey are two countries that complete each other , " Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi said , according to Turkey 's official Anadolu news . The agreement capped the nations ' 22nd annual joint economic meeting , evidence that Tehran and Ankara have a long working relationship . Still , it comes amid Iran 's nuclear tensions with the United States -- a staunch ally of Turkey . In an account from Iran 's official IRNA news agency , Salehi said the agreement and other recent moves indicate that Turkey is committed to bolstering its ties with Middle Eastern nations . "  Ankara is strengthening its relations with its neighboring countries , particularly the Islamic republic of Iran , " Salehi said . The Iranian foreign minister further proposed an even greater union to advance both nations ' interests , according to Press TV , Iranian state media . Turkish State Minister Cevdet Yilmaz noted that trade between his nation and Iran has risen from $ 1 billion to $ 10.7 billion in the past decade . Still , he said that it could go even further , with Sunday 's pact to ratchet down protectionist measures and promote cooperation potentially instrumental to that cause . Also Sunday , Turkish Premier Recep Tayyip Erdogan met with the head of Syria , another U.S. nemesis , according to reports from state media in both nations . In an official statement published on Syria 's state-run Sana news agency , President Bashar al-Assad said that he and his Turkish counterpart "  stressed the importance of continuing work and coordination by the two countries through high-level transparent dialogue . " In a speech marking the laying of the cornerstone of the Friendship Dam , along the nation 's border with Syria , Erdogan said that Turkey wanted peace , stability and prosperity , according to an Anadolu report .	Tehran and Ankara ink a pact Sunday to spur trade between the two Iran 's foreign minister says : "  Iran and Turkey ... complete each other " A Turkish minister says the trade deal should help both nations ' economies Also Sunday , Turkey 's premier met with the president of Syria , reports say
CNN  -- The National Security Agency scandal keeps getting juicier . Recent revelations , triggered by ex-NSA employee Edward Snowden 's earlier disclosures , indicate that the National Security Agency not only collects volumes of metadata about the phone numbers people use , it routinely stores the contents of phone conversations , text messages , e-mails and Internet activity . Former Vice President Dick Cheney explains that the collection of all of this information is crucial , because NSA staffers can not know what bits of it will turn out to be relevant to a counterterrorist investigation . In fact , the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court has agreed with that argument in approving bulk collection of American as well as foreign metadata for the past seven years . And if metadata must be stored for this purpose , it is an easy step from there to conclude that the contents of communications must be stored as well . The key question then becomes when the NSA may "  query " or identify the source of the metadata it has stored and read the communications it has collected . The NSA reports that it conducts queries of metadata only when it has a "  reasonable , articulable " suspicion that a number is linked to a foreign threat that has been identified as such by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court . Section 703 of the Patriot Act , as amended in 2008 , limits looking at the contents of a communication to situations where the court has found probable cause to believe that information about a foreign threat will be revealed . Although one could ask for more oversight , this is n't a bad set of legal safeguards . If they were followed , the European naysayers about the NSA 's exploits would not be so hot under the collar . Many countries besides the United States collect and analyze electronic communications for national security purposes . The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday that France and Spain helped our surveillance efforts by handing over phone records they collected on their citizens . Illustrated by the ease with which this spying took place , these countries impose fewer limitations on their surveillance activities than we do . The real question is whether we follow those limitations . Although the NSA may not conduct queries or examine content unless it or a court determines that "  national security " is at stake , national security is apparently at stake quite often , if the recent reports about monitoring hundreds of thousands of foreigners ' calls as well as the calls of foreign leaders are true . American journalist Glenn Greenwald , the principal conduit for Snowden 's revelations , even claims that the NSA is as interested in economic intelligence as it is in exposing terrorist plots . He offers as evidence documents showing that the U.S. has spied on conferences about negotiating economic agreements and on oil companies and ministries that oversee mines and energy resources . This may be the real reason European leaders are so incensed . Surveillance of terrorists is fine and probably can help them quite a bit . But surveillance of politicians and capitalists crosses boundaries that they might think should not be crossed , at least unless and until their intelligence agencies can do it as well as and as often as the U.S. can . In the meantime , Congress should get serious about making sure the NSA abides by the laws it has enacted . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher Slobogin .	Evidence indicates that the NSA stores contents of phone conversations and e-mails NSA can investigate only when it can show reason it might be linked to foreign threat Christopher Slobogin : If it is monitoring many thousands of calls , are all those justified ? Slobogin : Congress must make sure the NSA abides by the laws it has enacted
CNN  -- Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher could be set to make a shock return to Formula One as Ferrari look for a short-term replacement for the injured Felipe Massa . Michael Schumacher remains very much part of the Ferrari set-up as an advisor for the Formula One team . The 28-year-old Brazilian is currently in intensive care at the AEK military hospital in Budapest after suffering a fractured skull in a freak accident in qualifying for Saturday 's Hungarian Grand Prix . Massa 's condition has improved in the past 24 hours with doctors taking him out of a medically-induced coma on Monday night . He has since responded well to questions and Peter Bazso , the medical director of the hospital , claimed on Tuesday morning that Massa might be able to walk out of the hospital in 10 days ' time . Felipe Massa 's crash in pictures . " "  My expectation is that he would walk out of the hospital on his own . If his recovery continues , I would n't rule out that he could leave within 10 days , " Bazso told Hungarian TV channel M1 . "  He 's spending more and more time awake , talking to family and friends . I would like to point out that , although he is recovering , this is not the end of the story , he is still in a life-threatening condition . Of course , the danger is decreasing by the day . " While the news regarding Massa 's condition continues to be encouraging , behind the scenes Ferrari are faced with the task of finding a replacement driver . Doctors have said Massa will be out for at least six weeks , although there are still fears he may never return as a result of his injuries . He will certainly miss the European and Belgian Grands Prix at the end of August , although the current four-week break before the next race in Valencia gives the Italian team time to assess their options . On the list of likely replacements could be Schumacher -- who won five of his drivers ' titles with Ferrari and works as an advisor for the team . The 40-year-old German 's representative Sabine Kehm told CNN : "  There is no offer from Ferrari , but if they decided they need him , Michael would certainly weigh his options . " Ferrari spokesman Luca Colajanni later confirmed to the Press Association that Schumacher , who retired in 2006 , was an option . "  We have said before that it is possible that Michael Schumacher could return to help us out , " said Colajanni . "  However , we have two test drivers at Ferrari  Luca Badoer and Marc Gene  at the moment and Michael is an advisor . Does safety need to be improved in Formula One ? "  We have not spoken to him and we will have to wait and see what happens . It is something for  Ferrari team principal  Stefano Domenicali to consider over the coming weeks . "  We need to see how Felipe is and the situation will evolve from there . We are not in any hurry , the first and foremost thing is Felipe 's recovery . " Colajanni also provided further encouraging news regarding Massa , although he played down Bazso 's assertion that he could walk out of hospital as early as next week . "  I think that on Monday he improved a lot but we have to remain cautious , " he said . "  It is not useful to put forecasts on these things . I think for the moment we should just enjoy the positive improvements that Felipe is making . " Massa was hurt when a spring that had fallen from the back of Rubens Barrichello 's Brawn GP car struck him on the helmet at high-speed , causing him to lose control of his car and crash into a tire barrier . On Monday , Professor Robert Veres , the surgeon who operated on Massa over the weekend , told reporters that Massa had suffered some damage to his left eye , which could threaten his future in the sport . "  It 's too early to say about his future as we do n't know the extent of the damage . Without an operation it 's very hard to evaluate the eye 's function , " said Vares . Massa 's crash came less than a week after Formula Two driver Henry Surtees , the son of former world champion John Surtees , was killed in similar circumstances , knocked unconscious by a tire which flew off another car in a race at Brands Hatch in England , before crashing . Formula One 's safety record has improved dramatically in recent years , with the last fatality in 1994 when the legendary Brazilian Ayrton Senna crashed at Imola .	Michael Schumacher could be set to make a surprise return to Formula One Schumacher might be a short-term replacement for the injured Felipe Massa Massa continues to make good improvement following his crash on Saturday
CNN  -- Africa 's growing economies should put jobs creation at the heart of their development policies , according to the head of the International Monetary Fund . Speaking to CNN 's Robyn Curnow , Christine Lagarde said that youth unemployment is one of the biggest challenges facing Africa 's countries . "  There is a vibrant youth that is expecting the leadership of those countries to actually open the economy so that they can actually express their talent and find ways to get integrated in the job market , " she said . According to the IMF chief , a major re-engineering is currently taking place between the developed and developing world economies -- a number of African countries have enjoyed higher growth rates than Europe and the United States in recent times as many western nations remains mired in financial turmoil . "  Emerging markets are playing a role that is much bigger , much more important in terms of leadership than they did , say , 10 , 15 years ago , " she says . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : More than ever the Eurozone crisis has put it to African leaders that they have to look East . How significant is that ? Christine Lagarde : All countries are interconnected . There is no question that a crisis in one particular part of the world is going to affect those countries , but also all of the countries , especially if there 's a large volume of trade between those countries . Four reasons Africa is rising When I look at South Africa , I know there is about 30 % of trade going to Europe , so if something goes wrong in Europe it will have an effect on South Africa which is why any solution will require the cooperation of all players and I understand perfectly that South African authorities are concerned about the way the Europeans are dealing with their crisis and are trying to address solutions . CNN : Many people here have watched with fascination how Portugal has turned to Angola for some sort of financial help . Do you see this shifting perhaps the power relations on a global scale ? CL : There is at the moment a major re-engineering between advanced economies , emerging markets , developing countries and clearly emerging markets are playing a role that is much bigger , much more important in terms of leadership than they did , say , 10 , 15 years ago . So there is a re-organization happening as we speak , which is good in the main , because there were massive imbalances and those imbalances are not good for the global economy , but it is difficult and it 's a transition phase that is complicated to deal with . CNN : Do African economies have a role to play that 's positive ? Is there something to be learned from African economies over this ? CL : Well , first of all , the African continent in and of itself has had a growth rate that was significantly higher than that of Europe , than that of the United States , lower than some of the big emerging markets such as China , India or Brazil , but in the range of 6 % lately . I think that 's one reason to be optimistic about Africa . African growth ? It 's complicated The second reason to be optimistic about Africa is that it holds significant commodities , raw materials that are so needed for the growth of other countries -- if you look at the volume of trade between , say , China and some African countries such as South Africa , or the volume of trade amongst African countries in terms of intra-regional trade , that is growing as well . So those are alternatives sources of growth that differ from the traditional trade links with , say , Europe and these are new opportunities for African countries to actually develop and strengthen . CNN : What are the warning signs and concerns about African economies ? What are the critical issues for you ? CL : The first message that I gave to both the Nigerian , the Niger and the South African authorities is to rebuild the buffers that had been used during the financial crisis wherever they could to have reserves available and be able to either use fiscal policy or monetary policy to make sure that growth is maintained and is sustainable . Africa 's 2020 growth vision The second message is make sure that the growth that you encourage , by whichever ways are available to you , it 's a growth that is inclusive , that is creating jobs , because jobs are really at the heart of any development policies at the moment in South Africa , but in other countries as well . CNN : Easy to say that . CL : Yes , I know , but it 's a question of identifying for each and every country , what are the impediments to job creation ? What are the impediments to growth ? And whether it 's the infrastructure projects that need to be financed , that need to be developed , that need to be monitored , whether it 's education and vocational training programs that need to be put in place . That is going to be different , whether you 're in Nigeria , whether you 're in South Africa , whether you 're in Tunisia , but in all places there is a vibrant youth that is expecting the leadership of those countries to actually open the economy so that they can actually express their talent and find ways to get integrated in the job market .	Christine Lagarde is the head of the International Monetary Fund She says job creation is a big challenge for Africa 's growing economies Lagarde discusses the changing power dynamics between the developed and developing world economies She calls African leaders to rebuild the buffers that had been used during the financial crisis
CNN  -- Last year , we learned that the Great Recession had come to an end . It ended in June 2009 , the experts said . But , for many Americans , the declaration had little meaning and was of little solace . Unemployment is still high and economic hardship is commonplace . During 2010 , six CNN iReporters followed someone they knew in their community to get a measure of how the economy was affecting people 's lives . They related stories of perseverance , reinvention , doubt and success . ` Feed your spirit ' In February , Bruce Pollard , after more than 25 years on the job , was forced into an early retirement . The 58-year-old from Houston , Texas , was given a severance by his company , which helped provide some stability . See all the stories on CNN 's Economy Tracker By March , he was still looking for a job . As he searched , his wife , a psychologist who used to work one day a week , began working more . Meanwhile , Pollard took on more of the work around the house . "  You think when that when you go away for five days a week and come back , that things just happen around the house , " he said . "  They do n't . " His severance pay came to an end in September . Pollard picked up work as a consultant once a week in addition to occasional substitute teaching gigs . However , he had two kids in college and another on the way to college . And he had to plan for retirement . He needed another job , but the experience of unemployment had changed his perspective . "  The main thing I think I 've discovered , kind of later in my career , is that there are two things you want to do when you look for a job , " he said . "  You want to feed your family , for sure . But you also want to feed your spirit . " As 2010 came to a close , the consulting contract was renewed and expanded , and other consulting engagements were becoming possible , Pollard said . But he appears to be a changed man when it comes to his work . "  I 'm definitely not going to be working full-time for another company , " he said . "  I 'm always going to be working by myself as a contractor under a company name , which is my own . " ` That extra leap ' As 2010 began , Michael Andrews -- who lives in Bowie , Maryland , with his wife , Danielle , and a 4-year-old son -- faced a dilemma . The 33-year-old college administrator and his family wanted to move from their townhouse to a single-family home . They first had to sell the current one . But the price of their house fell with the collapse of the housing market . "  The cost of our home is such that we ca n't really leave until it flips back around to some kind of profit , " he said in December 2009 . Andrews , who describes himself as an optimist , was also frustrated with limited job opportunities . "  I think that when times are as rough as they are right now in the economy , you really have to rely on yourself to take that extra leap , " he said . And so he did . He created Five Mikes , an entrepreneurial project based around his motivational speaking engagements . He entered the search for an advice guru for ABC 's "  Good Morning America " and reached the semifinal stage . And , by the fall , Andrews got a new job at his university and transitioned to a new office . Ultimately , Andrews and his wife decided to stay put and not sell their Baltimore townhouse . Yet the year was "  awesome , " he said . He is , however , humble about the good fortune that has come his way . "  Some people are really , really suffering , and I 'm happy that our family is n't necessarily on that level , " he said . "  But if either my wife or I lose our job , we could be one of those people . "  We 're just one mishap away . " ` Life halted ' Ask Jamie Smith about 2010 , and she 'll tell you about mishaps . Well , frankly , she may use other words . Toward the end of October 2009 , Smith , who lives in Bentonville , Arkansas , was laid off when her newspaper merged with a competitor . She began collecting unemployment benefits , looked for other jobs , searched for freelance writing opportunities and decided to create a public relations company . Then , in April , she ruptured her appendix , complications developed , and she had to spend two weeks in the hospital . "  Life halted , " she said . Her unemployment benefits ran out midsummer but were renewed because of a federal extension . "  I have mixed feelings about that , but I do n't talk politics , so I wo n't , " she said . The search for another job stretched into the fall . "  It 's very interesting when you 're changing careers and you 're trying to make jobs skills translate in an obvious way , " she said . "  You know you can do it , but you have to express that you can do it . " As October rolled around , she was still without a job , marking the longest stretch of time she was unemployed in her working life . She finally received some good news in November . She got a part-time job that could become a full-time job , she said . It also gives her time to develop her freelance opportunities . ` Roll with the punches ' Guy Daniels has been a tattoo artist for 16 years . He owns Expressions Ink , a tattoo parlor in Wausau , Wisconsin . Heavily reliant on the disposable income of his customers , he was a bit nervous when the year started . "  I 've seen a lot of customers lose their jobs , " he said . Walk-in traffic was down , and gift certificate sales were smaller than in previous year . But as the weather warmed , business picked up , especially around the time people started receiving their tax refunds . "  People are more spontaneous with their money at tax time , " he said . "  It 's like Christmas for us . " But sales were again down when winter returned . "  As a business owner , you do get tired of  the ups and downs  , but you got ta feed your family , so you roll with the punches , " he said . Growing small is the key to success in today 's economy , and the at times turbulent year made him a smarter businessman , Daniels said . He cut back on expenses whenever possible and put money into the business when he could . "  I think it made me plan a lot more for the future , " he said . An ambitious plan Growth was very much in the plans for 2010 for David and Susan Nethero , owners of Intimacy , a specialty bra company . With 11 stores already in existence , the Atlanta , Georgia-based couple looked forward to their biggest expansion -- the opening of five stores -- in a single year since they launched the company 18 years ago . "  We 're feeling very strong and very bullish , " Susan Nethero said . By June , the Netheros had opened two new locations -- in New York and Los Angeles -- and were preparing to open a second store in Los Angeles . Susan credited increased marketing and a popular customer referral program as two main contributors to the company 's success . By the end of the year , Intimacy opened all five new locations across the country . "  Despite the recession , we were able to grow our company by just under 30 percent this year , which is really phenomenal , " David Nethero said . ` You never know ' Kathy Kirkpatrick , a small-business owner in New York , would probably not describe herself as "  bullish . " She owns Life Café , which has two locations : one in the East Village and another in Brooklyn . The troubled economy of the past few years has made her pragmatic and cautious . In the more than 20 years that she has run her business , 2008 was the worst economy she 'd ever seen , she said . "  The recession has made me cautious of the eggs I do have in my basket , " she said . "  I do n't have the time in front of me to take any more risks like I used to . I have to be realistic . " Spring , when tourists frequent the café , saw a boost in business , but it was down in relation to years past . The summer was a mixed bag . It was a record month in May and an "  all right " June , but July "  tanked big time , " she said . And , the quiet streets of winter did n't help . Sales floundered in October and November , she said . But two decades in business teach you lessons in survival . Kirkpatrick brought in a new chef . She also began a digital and social media strategy to get the word out about the café . It seems to be having an effect . During a conversation late last year , Kirkpatrick said that it had managed to stop the plunge in sales and that business had picked up . "  The only thing I hope is that while we 're moving forward in a positive way , something else does n't show up around that corner that makes it all tumble down , " she said . "  You never know . " CNN 's Curt Merrill contributed to this report .	CNN iReporters followed people in their communities to get a measure of the economy Their stories tell of reinvention , resilience , persistence See all their stories on CNN 's Economy Tracker
New York  CNN  -- When Gina Keatley first moved to New York to attend culinary school , she noticed that many of her neighbors were missing limbs . "  I lived on 99th Street across from some projects , " she said . "  I would walk to the train and think , ` Why are there so many amputees ? ' " Keatley found out that many of them had to have amputations because of complications from diabetes . Diabetes can reduce blood flow to extremities and cause nerve damage , and sometimes amputations are necessary if serious infection sets in and there is severe damage to the tissue and bone . The neighborhood where Keatley lived , East Harlem , has the highest diabetes rate in Manhattan , according to city health officials . It also has the highest obesity rate : One-third of adult residents are obese or overweight . "  It 's so shocking to me to see people who are poor and unhealthy and literally dying in the street , " said Keatley , an award-winning chef and nutritionist . Keatley said that when she would visit more affluent neighborhoods near East Harlem , she would n't see nearly as many amputees . And she was pretty sure she knew why . "  You go over this invisible line , and there are people with farmers ' markets , people with organic food ... healthy sandwich shops , " she said . There 's not much of that in East Harlem . Instead , the poor community is saturated with inexpensive fast food . "  These people are literally dying for nourishment , " she said . Fresh out of college and determined to make a difference , Keatley turned down more lucrative jobs in the culinary industry to start Nourishing NYC . Since 2008 , the nonprofit has provided fresh food and nutritional education -- for free -- to nearly 100,000 people in Harlem and the Bronx . Once a week , Keatley and her army of volunteers , driving in a vegetable-oil-powered truck , hand out 500 to 1,000 pounds of fresh produce to people on high-trafficked corners . The food is donated by local partners . "  If you want somebody to try a tomato , you give them a tomato , " Keatley said . "  It 's an inspiration . They have to feel it , touch it , taste it . ... "  When we work with someone who 's never had a blueberry at  age  50 and they try it ... we 're opening up people to a world of culinary they 've never had . " Keatley and her group also provide a recipe for how to prepare the ingredients healthfully . Sometimes they dispel myths and misconceptions . "  A lot of people , especially with diabetes ... do n't even understand the basics of their own disease , " said Keatley , 31 . "  Some  think that if you wash rice , it 's no longer a carbohydrate . ... "  We have to give them the  correct  information , because ignorance spreads . One person says it , the next person says it and then everybody thinks : ` Rice is n't a carbohydrate . We can eat as much as we want . ' " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes Twice a week , Nourishing NYC holds nutrition classes at community gardens , shelters and nonprofit organizations that serve New York 's low-income population . In the summer , it connects with children through its Junior Chef program , which partners youth with adult volunteers who teach them basic culinary skills and encourage better food choices . "  We really want them to start early on so we can set a ripple effect for the rest of their life , " Keatley said . "  But at the end of the day , the parents are the ones doing the shopping . So we have to win them over as well . " Pedro Robles participated in the Junior Chefs summer program a year ago . Since then , the 8-year-old and his family have been frequenting their local farmers ' market in East Harlem and transforming the way they eat . "  We learned more about the fruits and vegetables from the Junior Chefs class because Pedro taught us everything he learned , " said Pedro 's mother , Deborah . "  We go to the farmers ' market , and he picks out all the fruits and vegetables he wants . ... Eggplant is one thing I had never tried before , and I liked it . Now we eat it all the time . " Nourishing NYC also holds events year-round . For example , there are local community gardening workshops for Earth Day , and around Thanksgiving the group distributes 1,000 free turkeys . It also assembles a special class of junior chefs who receive ingredients and instruction to prepare healthy holiday feasts for their families . This month marks the launch of Keatley 's newest program , Nourishing USA , which aims to combat hunger and advocate nutrition in communities nationwide . People can apply on her organization 's website to receive a free "  Hunger Advocacy Kit " that includes seeds for 500 meals , instructions on how to grow them , and information for hosting a food drive in their own communities . "  We want people to have a food drive , but we give them instructions on how to do it and what products would be healthy , " Keatley said . "  And most importantly , it teaches philanthropy to young children . The idea of not just giving a dollar ... but to do it with your own hands , to grow something , to connect with it , and then to distribute to people right in your neighborhood who really need it . " Keatley knows what it 's like to grow up poor . From age 4 to 14 , her family was homeless . She rarely went to school . But while her troubled childhood taught her to be more compassionate later on in life , it also taught her that someone 's past does n't have to determine their future . "  We do n't want to let people make money an excuse and say that , ` We ca n't eat well because , you know , we 're broke , ' " she said . "  I can feel your pain , but it 's not okay to literally be committing almost daily suicide by eating bad foods , by having your children be obese . We have to work together as a team and rise above excuses . ... "  You really can eat healthy on a low budget . I do n't like the connection between poverty and obesity . ... Everybody deserves a long , healthy life . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Nourishing NYC website at www.nourishingnyc.org and see how to help .	Gina Keatley 's nonprofit is giving fresh food to people in poor New York neighborhoods The group also educates people about how to eat healthy on a low budget Keatley is hoping to eliminate the correlation between poverty and obesity Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes
LONDON , England  CNN  -- For almost a century , the old dog has traversed landscapes across the United States , with weary , budget-conscious travelers peeking out of its windows . Greyhound bus services will run from London to cities such as Portsmouth and Southampton . Now , the iconic Greyhound is taking to the road in Britain . The company will run hourly bus services from London to select cities , starting Monday . In contrast to its U.S. services , however , the buses are glitzier and more luxurious . "  The UK service will have wireless Internet , spacious leather seats , more leg room and free newspapers , " said Alex Warner , managing director of Greyhound UK . "  Obviously , we wanted our services to reflect the nature of UK passengers . " For inaugural Greyhound service in Britain , the company aimed to start with the best the United States has to offer , Warner added . In North America , the same services are available from New York and Washington to select cities such as Boston and Toronto , Canada . "  There are plans to expand that . Americans should watch closely . We will introduce more of these services based on how well they are received in the UK , " Warner said . Despite the added benefits , fares will still target the budget-conscious traveler in Britain , according to Warner . The service starts with a few cities -- from London to Portsmouth and Southampton , he said . The approximately 120-kilometer  80-mile  trip will cost # 1  $ 1.60  if a ticket is bought in advance , Warner said . Prices will go up to # 4 or # 5 , depending on time of purchase . "  We are planning to keep the prices within that range , " Warner said . Greyhound Lines is owned by British transport company FirstGroup , which bought it from its U.S. parent in 2007 . It was founded in 1914 , and has services in Mexico and Canada , according to its Web site . In a nod to its cameos in American movies and songs , such as the 1969 film "  Midnight Cowboy " and Simon and Garfunkel 's 1972 hit "  America , " Greyhound plans to keep at least one tie to its U.S. origins . Buses in Britain will be named after classic American songs . The names include "  Sweet Caroline " and "  Good Golly Miss Molly , " Warner said . CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Greyhound Lines to run services from London to Portsmouth and Southampton Buses are glitzier and more luxurious than U.S. services Greyhound Lines is owned by British transport company FirstGroup
CNN  -- The torch for the 2010 Vancouver Olympics was lit in a ceremony at the ancient Greek site of Olympia on Thursday , less than four months ahead of the games ' opening ceremony . Actress Maria Nafpliotou , as a high priestess , lights the flame for the Vancouver 2010 Olympics on Thursday . The torch will be carried on an eight-day trip through Greece , the birthplace of the Olympics , before being transported to Canada for what will be the longest domestic torch relay in the games ' history , officials said . Women dressed in white togas performed a ceremony on the green hillside at Olympia , the home of the Olympic flame and the place where the ancient Olympics took place . A woman playing the role of a high priestess lit the flame by sunlight focused on a mirror , the only way by tradition it can be lit . That fire then was used to light the Vancouver Olympic Torch , which Greek skier and three-time Olympian Vassilis Dimitriadis then carried on the first leg of its journey through Greece . "  The Olympic torch and flame are the symbols of the values and ideals which lie at the heart of the Olympic Games , " International Olympic Committee President Jacques Rogge said before the ceremony . The torch will carry a message of peace throughout the world , he said -- words echoed by Vancouver 2010 Chief Executive John Furlong . "  Today we build a bridge between ancient Olympia and young Canada , " he said . "  Canada is a country with a welcoming spirit and a glowing heart . ... We will do all we can to be a shining example of the ideas and values that were first kindled here in this hallowed place . " After its 1,351-mile  2,180-kilometer  trip through Greece , the torch will be taken to Canada . On October 30 , the first of 12,000 torchbearers will begin carrying it through Canada on what will be a 106-day , 27,900-mile  45,000-kilometer  relay . "  It will be the longest domestic relay in Olympic history , just to be sure every Canadian will be given the right to dream and celebrate , " Furlong said . The torch relay is derived from ancient rituals in Olympia , where torch and relay races were popular festival events and where heralds traveled throughout Greece to announce the games . The torch for the 2010 Winter Games was designed by transportation and aerospace company Bombardier , a Vancouver Olympic sponsor . The lean curves of the white torch were inspired by the lines carved in the snow by winter sports and by the "  undulating beauty of the Canadian landscape , " the company said . The torch 's special construction will allow it to burn through a range of winter weather , including snow , rain , sleet , wind and subzero temperatures , Bombardier said . It weighs 3.5 pounds  1.6 kilograms  fully fueled , the company said . The flame is due to arrive in Vancouver , British Columbia , on February 12 when the opening ceremony of the 2010 Winter Games will be held at the domed BC Place Stadium .	Olympic flame due to arrive in Vancouver , British Columbia , in February Vancouver Olympic Torch lit in ceremony in Greece 's ancient Olympia Torchbearers will begin carrying flame through Canada next week on 106-day relay Vancouver Olympics official : "  It will be the longest domestic relay in Olympic history "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A federal lawsuit accusing John Travolta of assault and sexual battery on two massage therapists includes lurid details of one of the alleged incidents . Travolta 's lawyer soundly rejected the claims of both plaintiffs and called the claims of the first plaintiff "  complete fiction . " In the first incident , Travolta allegedly groped a male massage therapist repeatedly and finally masturbated himself during the two-hour session in a bungalow at the Beverly Hills Hotel on January 16 , 2012 , according to court documents filed last Friday . The first plaintiff , a Texas native who is unidentified in the court documents , "  suffered severe emotional distress , " the lawsuit claims . The lawsuit is asking for $ 2 million in damages . "  This lawsuit is a complete fiction and fabrication , " a statement from Travolta 's representative said . "  None of the events claimed in the suit ever occurred . " A second male therapist , who was allegedly sexually assaulted by Travolta at an Atlanta hotel on January 25 , was added to the lawsuit Tuesday . "  This second ` anonymous ' claim is just as absurd and ridiculous as the first one , " said Travolta lawyer Martin Singer on Tuesday afternoon . The Travolta statement questions why the first plaintiff is identified only as "  John Doe " in the court filing . "  The plaintiff , who refuses to give their name , knows that the suit is a baseless lie , " the statement said . "  It is for that reason that the plaintiff has n't been identified with a name even though it is required to do so . " Travolta 's statement said plaintiffs ' attorney Okorie Okorocha filed the suit to "  get his 15 minutes of fame . " Once it is thrown out of court , Travolta will sue him for "  malicious prosecution , " it said . Okorocha , who said his practice specializes in going after sexual predators , said he is not intimidated . "  There are many potential plaintiffs , but I am only adding them as I am able to fully investigate and vet them , " Okorocha said . Singer said it is "  easily provable " that Travolta was not in California on the day the first incident allegedly happened "  since John Travolta was on the East Coast working on a movie on the date that anonymous ` Doe No. 1 ' claims he interacted with our client . " Okorocha said he was in discussions with Travolta 's lawyer for weeks before filing the suit last week and was never told this . "  I would not have filed it if they had indicated they had even McDonalds receipt to show he was anywhere but California , " Okorocha said . Travolta was photographed at an event in Los Angeles about 30 hours before the alleged incident , he said . Travolta and his lawyer "  already conceded he was in Los Angeles on January 16 , and we can prove it , " Okorocha said . Singer said it was "  obvious " that Okorocha "  checked media reports that my client was in Atlanta working on a movie " before filing the second claim about an incident at an Atlanta hotel . "  However , the claim by Doe No. 2 is just as fabricated as the claim by Doe No. 1 , " Singer said . "  Our client will be fully vindicated in court on both of these absurd and fictional claims . " Travolta , 58 , has been married to actress Kelly Preston for 20 years . The oldest of their three children , Jett , was 16 when he died of a seizure while the family was vacationing in the Bahamas in January 2009 . 2009 : Travoltas mourn the loss of their son Jett The lawsuit , obtained by CNN , alleges that Travolta called the first plaintiff , who advertises online with "  professionally themed ads , " to arrange for a massage at $ 200 an hour . Travolta picked him up in a black Lexus SUV at a Beverly Hills address and drove him to the hotel , according to the lawsuit . When they entered the bungalow , Travolta "  shamelessly stripped naked " in front of a professional chef and the plaintiff , the lawsuit states . "  He wants me to get on the table , can you believe that ? " Travolta told the chef , according to the document . "  For the first hour the massage was without incident , other than he kept purposefully sliding the towel down that covered his buttocks to reveal about half of gluteus area , " the suit states . The massage therapist repeatedly slid the towel back up 10 times in the first hour , "  reminding Defendant that state law required that a massage client be fully draped during the massage , " the suit states . When Travolta "  started to rub Plaintiff 's leg , " he "  thought it was accidental , " it said . Later , however , there was more touching by Travolta "  and this time Plaintiff told Defendant to please not touch him again , " the complaint said . "  Defendant apologized , but then snickered to himself like a mischievous child , " it said . The lawsuit then described Travolta allegedly touching and grabbing the massage therapist 's penis . "  This was painful and uncomfortable , " the suit said . Travolta apologized and suggested they "  must have gotten our signals crossed , " and that he thought that the massage therapist "  wanted the same thing he did , " it said . "  Defendant then tried to act like it was a simple misunderstanding . " Travolta then asked him to switch places on the table for a "  reverse massage , " the lawsuit states . Travolta allegedly offered to perform a sexual act on the therapist . Although the therapist "  felt very afraid for his safety , " he agreed to stay and continue with the massage after Travolta told him "  OK , I 'll behave myself , " the suit said . Travolta 's statement "  gave plaintiff confidence that his predatory behavior was finally under control , " the suit said . When he resumed with a deep tissue massage on his shoulders , Travolta told him , "  Say something nice to me , " it said . Travolta , who allegedly began masturbating , then got up and screamed at the plaintiff "  how selfish he was ; that Defendant got where he is now due to sexual favors he had performed when he was in his ` Welcome Back Kotter ' days , " the suit said . Hollywood is controlled by homosexual men "  who expect favors in return for sexual activity , " the lawsuit document quotes Travolta as saying . "  Defendant then went on to say how he had done things in his past that would make most people throw up , " it said . The complaint said Travolta told the therapist that "  he was smart enough to learn to enjoy it , and when he began to make millions of dollars , that it all became well worth it . " When the therapist refused to take part , Travolta said , "  No problem . I will find new friends , " the suit said . He then offered to call a "  Hollywood starlet " who wanted "  three-way sex , " but "  they needed to have sex together first before calling her , so this way they would be in-sync with each other sexually , " the suit said . The actor told him he could "  make millions and be famous " if he lost some weight and adapted to same-sex relations , the suit said . When the therapist threatened to call police if he was not returned to where he was picked up , Travolta drove him back , although calling him "  selfish " and a "  loser " on the way , it said . He paid the therapist $ 800 , double the $ 400 owed for the two hours , the suit said . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	First plaintiff accuses John Travolta of propositioning , groping during massage "  None of the events claimed in the suit ever occurred , " Travolta 's rep says Lawsuit : First incident allegedly happened January 16 , 2012 , at the Beverly Hills Hotel Travolta was on the East Coast that day , his lawyer says
CNN  -- There in the baby section , behind boxes of strollers , was a 14-year-old boy with a secret . The runaway had made the 24-hour Walmart in Corsicana , Texas , his getaway hideout . For what may have been more than two days in July , he roamed the store unnoticed . When he was tired , he 'd lie down in his hidden cubby and sleep while shoppers were unaware the runaway was back there . Police had been looking for the boy , who was visiting his aunt in the town about an hour 's drive south of Dallas , for 54 hours when they got a call from a Walmart . An employee had spotted the lad on the lam coming out of his hiding place . Walmart spokesman Brian Nick told CNN the chain can not verify how long the boy was in the store but said this is definitely an isolated incident . "  It seems to be a unique situation , for sure , " he said . Nick said Walmart has n't asked for police to press charges . "  Our concern was getting the child to safety , " he added . CNN affiliate KTVT obtained pictures of the child 's hideaways , one showing a makeshift bed between stacks of boxes . The station reported the youth appeared to have changed clothes several times , stashed away supplies and had even taken a fish from the pet department . Police said the boy 's mother told them he had run away several times before . In those cases , he had fled to abandoned houses , other businesses or creeks . Teen hitches ride to Hawaii in jet 's landing gear -- and lives to tell the tale	Boy was missing for 54 hours when the Walmart called An associate had seen him coming out from his hideout behind a wall of boxes Walmart wo n't press charges , spokesman says The 14-year-old was visiting his aunt , is known to run away often
New Delhi  CNN  -- India 's top court Thursday sentenced a leading Bollywood star , Sanjay Dutt , to five years in prison in connection with bomb attacks in Mumbai in 1993 . The supreme court in New Delhi upheld his conviction on charges of possessing illegal weapons tied to the bombings , which killed 257 people and wounded hundreds more . He has four weeks to surrender , said his lawyer , Satish Maneshinde . In 2006 , Dutt was convicted of illegally possessing an AK-56 rifle and a 9 mm pistol under India 's Arms Act . He was cleared of a more serious accusation of conspiracy in the attacks . Dutt was later sentenced to six years in prison . He served 18 months in jail before he was granted bail . "  We will await a copy of the judgment of the supreme court . ... Once that is available , we 'll advise Sanjay Dutt as to how to go about  this  . And it is unfortunate that this has happened , " Maneshinde said after Thursday 's verdict . He said his client would abide by the ruling . "  He will have to serve another 3Â 1/2 years ,  which are left after having spent 18 months in jail already  " Maneshinde added . Dutt 's case involves the country 's deadliest string of attacks , which were believed to have been carried out by a local underworld in revenge for the demolition of a 16th-century mosque in northern India by Hindu nationalists . The mosque 's destruction unleashed a wave of violence that left hundreds dead . In his defense , the actor has said the weapons were meant to protect his family . An immensely popular Bollywood celebrity , Dutt is son of a star couple : the late actors Sunil and Nargis Dutt . His sister , Priya Dutt , is a member of India 's parliament . Sanjay Dutt 's biggest hits included the two funny Munnabhai films , in which he played a reformed goon and an advocate of Mahatma Gandhi 's principles of nonviolence . In its ruling Thursday , the supreme court also upheld the death sentence of one of the main convicts in the case . Ten other people on death row had their sentences commuted to life in jail , a defense lawyer , Sriprakash Sinha , told reporters .	India 's top court sentences Sanjay Dutt to five years in prison It upheld his conviction on weapons charges related to bombings in Mumbai in 1993 In 2006 , Dutt was convicted of illegally possessing an AK-56 rifle and a 9 mm pistol In his defense , the actor has said the weapons were meant to protect his family
New York  CNN  -- The mother of two would often drive back and forth between her suburban Scarsdale , New York , home and the bleak-looking , one-story brick warehouse in Queens . Sometimes , she drove the route in her Mercedes SUV . She probably thought about her girls , 3 and 13 . Maybe she was thinking of the horseback riding lessons with her teenager , and the new horse they were hoping to buy . One thing perhaps not on her mind was being arrested and accused of living a double life : as a suburban mom and also as head of a multimillion-dollar marijuana growing operation . She faces federal narcotics charges . Federal authorities say Andrea Sanderlin , 45 , ran the marijuana operation from the warehouse , where they found two rooms packed with more than 1,000 marijuana plants and large amounts of dried marijuana , along with state-of-the-art lighting , irrigation , and ventilation systems to facilitate the hydroponic growing of the plants , according to court documents . "  The warehouse was filled with over $ 3 million worth of hydroponic marijuana and the organization covertly produced 3,000 marijuana plants , " Brian Crowell , special agent in charge at the Drug Enforcement Administration , said in a statement Tuesday . When agents raided Sanderlin 's home on May 20 , they found books on how to grow marijuana and how to launder money , according to the DEA . Mexican judge found video compelling in case of detained U.S. mom , marijuana Details of Sanderlin 's involvement in the case were first reported by The Smoking Gun website . Sanderlin was arrested the same day , after agents followed her to the warehouse and entered on a warrant , court documents say . She is charged with narcotics trafficking , a felony that carries a maximum sentence of 10 years . Sanderlin has pleaded not guilty and remains in custody pending a bond hearing . She is a "  full-time mom , " attorney Joel Winograd said of his client , and added she is "  very concerned " about her girls . Originally from Virginia , Sanderlin was living in the upscale neighborhood of Scarsdale and driving a 2010 Mercedes SUV . According to court documents , she also had a 2004 Jeep Liberty and a 2005 Chevrolet van registered in her name . Sanderlin had recently picked up the sport of horseback riding and took lessons with her teenage daughter at Twin Lakes Farm , a riding academy and competitive show stable in Bronxville , according to owner Scott Tarter . Opinion : Why marijuana should be legal for adults Tarter described Sanderlin as a "  beginner adult rider " who came to the academy in January after buying a Friesian horse for recreational riding . Tarter said on Tuesday that Sanderlin seemed like a normal , caring , local mother who boarded her horse at his stables . Tarter said he thought Sanderlin was in the interior design business . "  She was just like all the local moms here , " he said . "  She was n't loud . I never saw her smoking or drinking or anything that would have made me believe this . " Sanderlin participated in small horse shows at Twin Lakes , but decided to sell her horse in April . Tarter said they had planned to start looking for a new horse for Sanderlin but he had n't seen her or her daughter since late May . Illinois , Ohio take up medical marijuana laws Authorities said a confidential witness tipped them off to Sanderlin 's alleged crimes . The witness , who has been charged with participating in a conspiracy to possess and distribute marijuana , told investigators in April that a person named "  Andi " operated at least one marijuana grow house in Brooklyn or Queens , according to court documents . The witness also said "  Andi " lived in Scarsdale and drove a Mercedes SUV , officials said . Later , when shown a picture of Andrea Sanderlin , the witness positively identified Sanderlin as "  Andi . " Law enforcement agents said they contacted Con Edison about electricity accounts under Sanderlin 's name . The electricity company told them about an account connected to Sanderlin 's telephone number in the name of "  Fantastic Enterprises " in Queens , at a location that was using "  an unusually high amount of electricity . " Con Edison also said bills for the account were paid in cash . Officials found that Fantastic Enterprises was a registered New York corporation from 2007 to 2011 and that the address provided for the business was an address listed under Sanderlin 's name in insurance claims . Seattle 's budding economy : Pot tourism	Andrea Sanderlin pleads not guilty to federal narcotics charges Federal authorities say she ran a warehouse full of 1,000 marijuana plants They arrested her after she drove to the warehouse in Queens Sanderlin lives in suburbs with two daughters , 3 and 13
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Three Staten Island men are charged with violating voting rights , accused of assaulting African-Americans after Barack Obama 's win in the November presidential election , authorities said Wednesday . A grand jury indicted Ralph Nicoletti , 18 , Michael Contreras , 18 , and Brian Carranza , 21 , on charges of conspiracy to interfere with voting rights . All three pleaded not guilty in federal court Wednesday afternoon . According to the indictment , the three "  knowingly and intentionally " conspired to intimidate African-Americans "  in the free exercise and enjoyment of a right ... and because of having so exercised that right , to wit , the right to vote . " Nicoletti and Carranza are white , and Contreras is Latino . They face up to 10 years in prison if convicted . At the arraignment , Nicoletti and Contreras were ordered held without bail , while Carranza was released on a $ 200,000 bond but ordered to wear an electronic monitoring device . Contreras ' attorney , public defender Len Kamdang , could not be reached for comment . Nicoletti 's attorney , Bob LaRusso , had no comment . Prosecutors said in court filings that on the night of November 4 , the defendants were at a "  makeshift outdoor clubhouse " in the Rosebank section of Staten Island when they learned of Obama 's victory . At that point , prosecutors said , Nicoletti drove Contreras , Carranza and another friend to the predominantly African-American Park Hill neighborhood in Staten Island . Their purpose , prosecutors said , was to assault African-Americans because of Obama 's win . Their first victim , according to the U.S. Attorney 's Office , was 17-year-old Ali Kamara , whom they beat with a metal pipe and a collapsible police baton . Kamara escaped after suffering a concussion and injuries to his legs . "  The first swing that swung -- it hit my head . It cut my head , " Kamara told CNN affiliate WABC . "  I got staples on my head now . " Kamara said he hid in a neighbor 's backyard until the boys moved on . Continuing to the Port Richmond section of Staten Island , the group assaulted a second African-American man , pushing him down , the federal prosecutors alleged . They then allegedly accosted a Latino man , demanding to know how he voted , and shouted profanities about Obama at a group of African-Americans at a hair salon . Next , prosecutors said , the group targeted Ronald Forte , a man they mistakenly believed to be African-American who was walking along Blackford Avenue in predominantly African-American Port Richmond . Forte is white , but because he was wearing a hoodie , the men were unable to identify his race and assumed that he was African-American . According to the indictment , the men decided to assault Forte with the police baton as they drove by , but at the last moment , Nicoletti swerved the vehicle directly into the 38-year-old man instead . Forte was thrown onto the hood of the car , shattering the front windshield . According to Staten Island Real Time News  silive.com  , Forte was in a coma for 45 days , returning to his family 's home in New Jersey in mid-December , said his mother , Eileen . She added that her son now has serious brain damage and motor control problems . "  He 's not good . He 's never going to be good , " she said . "  Every day , I just see something different , and it 's so scary . " U.S. Attorney Benton J. Campbell decried the attacks . "  Violence and intimidation aimed at interfering with the constitutional rights of every citizen , including the right to vote , will not be tolerated , " he said in a written statement . According to the U.S. Attorney 's Office , Nicoletti has an extensive history of violent criminal activity including burglary , car break-ins , firebombing , assault , and marijuana and cocaine distribution . He is also a member of the "  Rosebank Crew "  RBK  founded by his now-incarcerated younger brother , Anthony Nicoletti . Investigators found a cache of weapons and police batons stolen from vehicles owned by police , as well as letters from Nicoletti 's brother urging Ralph to maintain RBK loyalty and not cooperate with authorities . Nicoletti and three others approached Contreras three weeks ago at his house , believing he was cooperating with authorities , according to a filing with the U.S. Attorney 's Office . They allegedly attacked him and called him a snitch , according to a letter from Assistant U.S. Attorneys Pamela Chen and Margo Brodie to the judge in the case . The letter petitions for home confinement , drug testing and other pretrial release conditions for Nicoletti and Carranza . The judge has not responded to the request . CNN 's Mythili Rao and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Indictment says three men conspired to intimidate African-Americans They 've pleaded not guilty of conspiracy to interfere with voting rights Two held without bail ; other out on bail with monitoring device Prosecutors : Men went to African-American neighborhoods , assaulted 3 people
CNN  -- Imagine a mother , ostracized and isolated for years because her son is mentally ill , suddenly receiving thousands of messages of support , thanking her for coming forward and calling her heroic . That 's what Stephanie Escamilla experienced after CNN Digital published my story and Evelio Contreras ' video , "  My son is mentally ill , " so listen up . The response has been overwhelming . Thousands of messages via e-mail , Twitter and Facebook have poured in -- from across America and from around the world , including Zimbabwe , the Netherlands and South Africa . Many were from mothers fighting their private struggle with their own children , from fathers , from nurses , from psychiatrists . Others opened up their hearts , describing years of agony dealing with their own mental illness before stabilizing . My inbox was flooded with supportive messages that were forwarded on to Stephanie . Many carried this message : Please know that it can get better . "  I ca n't thank you enough on behalf of all the mothers out there that deal with mentally ill children , " one mom e-mailed . "  I admire that woman so greatly for what she does and for the entire family allowing to share their story . " Legislation seeks to improve mental health system Stephanie risked much in coming forward , especially the fear it could send her son in a downward spiral . One family doctor even objected to her doing so . But she felt that educating the nation about the struggles of raising a child with mental illness was worth it -- and that in so doing , her son could improve , too . Her risk seems to have paid off . Stephanie shared some of the messages sent to the family with her son , Daniel , who suffers from bipolar disorder with episodes of psychosis . His response astonished her : "  Mom , I wanted to tell you that I finally can say that I accept myself for who I am , " he said . "  I am not my mental illness ; I am me . " For Stephanie , that statement marked tremendous progress and underscored why she decided to speak out . Her resolve has only intensified . The family has set up a website , SavingDaniel.com , for people to communicate with Stephanie and Daniel and seek help . Stephanie hopes to create a foundation in the coming months to help change the stigma around mental illness . She also hopes to realize a longtime dream to speak to middle and high school students in San Antonio . Anything to better educate . Mental illness in children : Where to turn One woman messaged via Facebook that she had endured a similar struggle as Stephanie in raising her son , now a highly functioning 23-year-old . "  My advice to the mom you interviewed : Be a bulldog on britches , never let go , " wrote Marie Bond . "  It will get better , I promise you that . " Readers also thanked us for our understanding and sensitivity in telling Stephanie and Daniel 's story . Many parents raising mentally ill children said they wished they had the courage to tell their story like Stephanie . On Twitter , I received hundreds of messages echoing @crosscutlureRVA 's sentiment : "  Thank you for telling her story . Represents so many stories around the country . " "  This was a fantastic article , and I am heartened to see it published on CNN , " Allison McKenzie said in an e-mail . "  So many families and people are suffering under the incredible burden of dealing with mental illness , and it 's particularly difficult when it involves children . " Many called the issue of mental illness the most important story of our time , yet one that is routinely ignored . They pointed out that children can now stay on their parents ' health care plans until the age of 26 , yet a mentally ill son or daughter can make all their own health care decisions when they turn 18 -- regardless of parental input . That 's resulted in our jails and prisons being filled with people with mental disorders , readers pointed out , and all too often our cemeteries , too . "  The problem no one seems to address is when these kids turn 18 , we as parents no longer have control , " e-mailed Mia St. John , a world champion boxer who cares for her mentally ill son . "  The parents will tell the same the story : There was nothing we could do or our hands were tied . I have been fighting the system for years and nothing will change until we are granted rights to help our sick children . " Wendy Sefcik knows the pain of losing a child to mental illness . "  On December 1 , 2010 , my intelligent , outgoing , athletic 16-year-old-son T.J. died by suicide , " she wrote . "  T.J. battled depression , but was a master at hiding his struggle . Since losing my son , I have tried to learn everything I can about depression and other mood disorders . I was shocked to find out how many people battle mood disorders and how difficult it is to get treatment . " Sefcik emphasized another key point : Mental illness affects rich and poor alike . The Sefciks had money and resources , yet it was n't enough . The most poignant outpouring came from those who could relate to Daniel . They shared very private struggles . Most asked not to be identified , but said they wanted Daniel to know there was hope . "  I have a history of mental illness too , but am successfully functioning with medicine and years of support , " one reader wrote in an e-mail . "  I celebrate all the parents and professionals who quietly , bravely fight for the sick ones . They suffer when they help , but we all suffer if we do n't help . "  Stephanie and Daniel are my heroes . I pray that we will be stronger and more compassionate after reading their story . " One of the most touching messages came from a mother who said her 9-year-old son was hospitalized last year for 16 days for delusions , depression , anxiety and suicidal thoughts . "  I have learned a lot since then about his illness , and even more the startling lack of available mental health resources and treatment options , even in a large city , " the mom wrote . The mother asked not to be identified , but she said Stephanie and Daniel 's story inspired her to put into words what she has been through . She wrote this poem , titled Cherry 784 , that she said could be shared with others : Cherry 784 We hid the knives But you really only wanted To fall from your window Nine years is enough I 've had a good life You told me during a visit The one where you still were n't sure If I was really your mom We played basketball in the dayroom And snuggled on worn bean bag chairs With our shoes off and our hopes high That the next day you 'd come home I took weary walks between visiting hours Through corridors , concrete walkways And parking decks in the August swell Texting 1A , 4C , 3D to myself Digital bread crumbs For the evening return The contraband I carry Fits in an empty locker Lift the phone Speak the code Cherry 784 Hold for the buzz Open one door Wait for it to close So the other will open You , always on the other side , anxiously waiting Reminding me I was 2 minutes late As if I did n't know And squeezing the remaining breath from my lungs With your little boy hugs I brought you fresh fruit in labeled cups Cantaloupe , grapes , oranges , and pineapple chunks The scent embedded in my flesh from cutting Something sweet for you , my love My baby My boy My son	San Antonio woman and her son shared their journey with mental illness Readers responded to story and video with messages of support and compassion Thousands of emails , tweets and Facebook posts have poured in Her son 's reaction to readers ' messages surprised his mom -- and gave her hope
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- No deal has been reached between Michael Jackson 's mother and his ex-wife over the custody of the late singer 's children , according to a lawyer in the case . Debbie Rowe is the biological mother of Paris  left  and Prince Michael Jackson . Eric George , who represents Debbie Rowe , the biological mother of Jackson 's two oldest children , demanded Tuesday that the New York Post retract its report that Rowe had agreed to take $ 4 million not to challenge Katherine Jackson for custody . In a letter sent Tuesday afternoon to the newspaper 's editor , George said the report "  can only have been concocted with reckless disregard for the truth . " "  There has been no agreement reached between Ms. Rowe and the Jacksons , " George said . "  The Post stands by its story , " New York Post Editor-in-Chief Col Allan told CNN . While George said Rowe still has not decided if she will ask the court for custody or visitation , he said she will not try to get money from the Jackson family . "  Ms. Rowe has not accepted -- and will not accept -- any additional financial consideration beyond the spousal support she and Michael Jackson personally agreed to several years ago , " George said . The couple divorced in 1999 with Rowe giving Jackson full custody while she got a $ 8.5 million settlement , according to court documents . Jackson later agreed to additional support . Jackson 's lawyer has not responded to requests for comment Tuesday . The Jackson family lawyer said last week that they were working to "  privately and amicably resolve " the matter . A child custody court hearing , which had been set for this week , was delayed until next Monday at the request of lawyers for Jackson and Rowe , a court official said . Katherine Jackson gained temporary guardianship of the children soon after her son 's death last month . The New York Post , quoting an unidentified Jackson family source , reported Rowe had agreed to drop any custody challenge for a $ 4 million payment . Watch a discussion of the legal issues of the case " "  Among the several contenders for overzealous and inaccurate sensationalism , the New York Post has now seized top honors , " George wrote to the paper . "  It would be easier to identify those few background facts that are accurate than to catalog the number of blatant falsehoods in your story . " Jackson and Rowe married in 1996 and their first child -- Michael Joseph Jackson Jr. -- was born in February 1997 . A daughter -- Paris-Michael Katherine Jackson -- was born the next year . The two met when Rowe was working as a nursing assistant in the Beverly Hills office of Jackson 's dermatologist , Dr. Arnold Klein . Rowe said in a 2003 interview , later obtained by ABC News , that she became close to Jackson in 1996 when she consoled him after his brief marriage to Lisa Marie Presley ended . "  He was upset because he really wanted to be a dad , " Rowe said . "  I said , ` So , be a dad . ' He looked at me puzzled . That is when I looked at him and said . ` Let me do this . I want to do this . You have been so good to me . You are such a great friend . Please let me do this . You need to be a dad , and I want you to be . ' " She told the interviewer they married only to "  prevent some of the taboo of a child out of wedlock . " She gave up parental rights to Jackson in 2001 , but she changed her mind more than two years later and sought temporary custody of the children . A California appeals court later ruled her rights were improperly terminated , opening the door to a possible custody battle . Rowe claimed in the 2003 interview that she still had "  some influence " over how Jackson raised the children , citing his practice of covering their faces in public as her idea . "  That was my request , not his , " she said . "  I am the one who 's terrified . I am the one who 's seen the notes that someone 's going to take his children , " she said . She said the children do n't call her "  mom " because she did not want them to . "  It 's not that they 're not my children , but I had them because I wanted him to be a father , " she said . Rowe , 50 , lives on a horse farm in Palmdale , California , about 60 miles north of Los Angeles . CNN 's Kay Jones contributed to this report .	NEW : Debbie Rowe 's lawyer wants New York Post to retract report Lawyer : Report that Rowe agreed to payment to drop custody challenge is "  false " Rowe is mother of Michael Jackson 's two oldest children Custody hearing scheduled for Monday
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A Buddhist nun in southwest China has died after setting herself on fire , the 11th Tibetan -- and second nun -- to self-immolate since March . The death of the nun , identified as Qiu Xiang , was reported by state-run Xinhua and confirmed by exile groups . The 35-year old set herself on fire at a road crossing in Dawu County , in the Ganzi region of Sichuan Province , the South China Morning Post said , citing Xinhua . It was unclear why she killed herself , though Tibetan campaign groups say it was in protest against Chinese rule . But China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs claimed the incident related to "  pro-Tibetan independence forces " overseas . "  Everyone knows that nowadays , except for the very few evil cults and extremist forces , all religions advocate respect for human life and oppose violence , " said spokesperson Hong Lei . "  It is a challenge to the moral bottom line of all human beings if , instead of condemning the extreme act of self-immolation , some people are hyping or instigating it . " According to the International Campaign for Tibet  ICT  , which advocates Tibetan independence , Palden Choetso -- Qiu 's Tibetan name -- called for freedom and the return from exile of the Dalai Lama , the Tibetan spiritual leader , as she was burning . London-based Free Tibet also confirmed the incident . Her body was then taken by fellow nuns into the Ganden Choeling nunnery in Tawu , the ICT said . Six of the 11Tibetans -- all monks or former monks -- who have set themselves ablaze died from their injuries . Most of the suicide attempts occurred in Aba Prefecture and the Kirti monastery , also in Sichuan , which has become a focal point for ethnic Tibetans angry at the erosion of their culture . Last month , a nun in Ngaba County , Sichuan Province , became the first Tibetan woman known to have killed herself . Free Tibet said Tenzin Wangmo , 20 , died outside the Dechen Chokorling Nunnery . The State Administration for Religious Affairs in Beijing told CNN they were not aware of the incident . Activists and exiled Tibetans say the disturbing acts reflect an increasingly repressive environment under Beijing 's control . "  The incidents are a clear indication of the genuine grievances of the Tibetans and their sense of deep resentment and despair over the prevailing conditions in Tibet , " said new Tibetan leader in exile , Lobsang Sangay , in quotes carried by Free Tibet . "  It is therefore of the utmost urgency that every possible effort be made to address the underlying root causes of Tibetan grievances and resentment . " A statement from the Tibetan government in exile in Dharamsala , India read : "  The Kashag  Cabinet  would like to make it clear that it stands in solidarity with the Tibetan people in Tibet who endure continued suppression under the Chinese authorities , whose short-sighted policies have driven till now eleven Tibetans to set themselves on fire . "  Instead of addressing the real problems that drive Tibetans to commit self-immolation , Xinhua , the official news organ of the Chinese government , blames the Tibetans-in-exile for instigating such desperate and despairing acts . "  The Kashag strongly urges the Chinese government to stop hurling baseless allegations and to start solving the real problems .  The  People 's Republic of China can do this by stopping its repressive policy on Tibet and allowing more freedom of religion and speech . " Prominent Tibetan writer and activist Tsering Woeser told CNN this kind of protest will continue as long as the Chinese government 's Tibet policy remains the same . "  If there is no improvement Tibetans will feel it 's better to die than be alive . They commit suicide to protest , " she said . "  The international community should impose pressure and condemn the Chinese government , " she added . "  But so far , the pressure is not enough , the international community only appeals to Chinese government but there are no real actions such as economic boycott . " In an interview with CNN last month , Woeser said Tibetan Buddhists ca n't use violence against others to protest , so they harm themselves to people pay attention to their plight . "  This is not suicide . This is sacrifice in order to draw the world 's attention , " she said . China rejects accusations of oppression of Tibetans , saying its rule has greatly improved living standards for the Tibetan people . The Dalai Lama 's representative signed an agreement with Beijing in 1951 to affirm China 's sovereignty over Tibet but also grant autonomy to the area . A failed uprising against Beijing 's rule in 1959 forced the Dalai Lama into exile . The Dalai Lama denies seeking independence for Tibet , saying he wants genuine autonomy , under which Tibetans can make their own policies on key issues , such as religious practices . In a 2008 uprising , violent unrest in Tibet and the subsequent military crackdown left at least 18 dead , and activists say tensions have remained high in many areas since then . CNN 's Haolan Hong and Xiaoni Chen contributed to this report .	Death of the nun , identified as Qiu Xiang , was reported by state-run Xinhua and exile groups She is the second Tibetan woman , and sixth person overall , to die in this way since March Activists say the suicides reflect an increasingly repressive environment under Beijing 's control China rejects accusations of oppression , saying its rule has greatly improved living standards
CNN  -- It 's a woman 's most intimate piece of apparel and many women will admit that shopping for one can be a nightmare . One company is using technology to take the guess work out of buying the perfect bra . Michelle Lam and her company , True & Co , are using data to build a better bra in a smarter way . Lam , founder of the San Francisco-based company which launched in 2012 , spoke to Smart Business about how to avoid awkward fittings . CNN : How does your online bra fitting service work ? Michelle Lam : A True & Co woman comes to the site and she actually takes a very simple quiz with illustrations . We ask questions , like what is the shape of your breast , what size bra do you currently wear . While she 's going through that , our algorithm and technology is doing a bunch of really complicated things behind the scenes , drumming up the exact recommendations and best matches for this woman . As soon as she reaches what we call her ` personal shop ' , all she sees are the sizes and styles of bras that are the best match for her . She then orders her bras from us and can try them on at home . And then , we collect even more data from her when she tells us which she likes and fit her best , and which she 's going to return . The fit quiz is our way to size women into the perfect bra for them , without any measuring tape , any photos , or any fitting rooms . CNN : More than 1 million women have taken the fit quiz . What has your data found ? ML : We translate the data into a ` true spectrum ' -- a way for women to understand the results of their quiz . When we looked at 22 million pieces of data about a woman 's body and her life , we discovered something really extraordinary . First of all , we were expecting a couple of hundred different body types . We actually found over 6,000 different body types , each nuanced and each different in a unique way . The fit quiz and algorithm successfully fits eight in 10 women . CNN : Some women may have concerns about buying something as personal as a bra online . How will you remove the risk factor ? ML : After a woman 's first purchase , we may not get it right the first time . We may only get one in five right , or two in five right . And she may keep those . But she 'll tell us what did n't work about the other ones she returned . And of course , we do free shipping and free returns , so that ensures that the whole equation is risk-free . We take that data from her and we actually refine the selections in her shop , so that her recommendations get better and better throughout time . CNN : How can your service change the way we shop ? ML : What we 're doing with the algorithm and the data is a complete innovation in the intimate apparel space . And intimate apparel is a massive market . But what we 're actually doing can be applied to all of apparel and in fact all of shopping . We 're not just telling you how many blue bras have been sold , which is what old retail would do . We 're doing something completely different and new . We 're telling you who is buying that blue bra and not only that , but why they 're buying the bra . We 're in the business of deciphering what women want , and when you know what women want , you can actually change all of shopping . WATCH : Bra helps fight cancer	True & Co are using data-driven technology to make tailor-made bras for women Customers fill out an online quiz , which generates a ` personal shop ' full of suitable choices Company founder Michelle Lam believes the service can shape the future of retail
CNN  -- The National Trust for Historic Preservation 's 2009 Dozen Distinctive Destinations range from a quintessential New England waterfront community to an Old West boomtown in Nevada . Virginia City , Nevada , is steeped in gold and silver rush history . Each year the organization identifies locations across the United States that provide diverse cultural and historic experiences and share a commitment to preservation and revitalization . The 2009 list was released Tuesday . "  By preserving their historic fabric and having the good sense to hang on to what makes them so special , these towns and cities are ideal travel destinations , " said National Trust for Historic Preservation President Richard Moe in a prepared statement . Virginia City , Nevada , a historic mining boomtown , is among this year 's selections . Mansions , saloons and old mines provide a backdrop for silver and gold rush lore and a glimpse into life on the frontier . Across the country , the waterfront town of Bristol , Rhode Island , combines stunning views and recreational opportunities with stately old homes and eclectic boutiques and restaurants . Also on the 2009 list : Athens , Georgia ; Buffalo , New York ; Fort Worth , Texas ; Franklin , Tennessee ; Hot Springs , South Dakota ; Lake Geneva , Wisconsin ; Lititz , Pennsylvania ; Santa Barbara , California ; Santa Fe , New Mexico ; and Saugatuck-Douglas , Michigan .	The National Trust for Historic Preservation names 12 distinctive destinations Locations named share a commitment to historic preservation and revitalization The historic mining town of Virginia City , Nevada is on the 2009 list
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- A 7.0-magnitude earthquake struck northern Peru on Wednesday , authorities said . The quake 's epicenter was about 350 miles  570 kilometers  northeast of the country 's capital , Lima , and 50 miles  80 kilometers  north of Pucallpa , Peru , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . Authorities at the Geophysics Institute of Peru said no victims or significant damage had been reported . At least one aftershock had been recorded , the institute said . Lima residents felt a brief , but strong , tremor . The quake struck around 12:45 p.m. near Peru 's border with Brazil at a depth of about 90 miles  145 kilometers  . CNN 's Gabriela Matute and journalist Maria Elena Belaunde contributed to this report .	NEW : Officials say there was at least one aftershock after the 7.0 quake Authorities have not reported victims or significant damage An earthquake strikes near Peru 's border with Brazil The earthquake is felt in Lima , about 350 miles away
CNN  -- In a message to the Iranian people , an upbeat President Barack Obama said Thursday that the long isolated Middle East nation can soon improve its economy , its world standing and its people 's lives if there 's a breakthrough nuclear deal . "  For the first time in many years , we have the opportunity to start down a new path , " Obama said in a message timed for Nowruz , the Persian new year . A lot has changed since the last Nowruz . For one , Iranians elected Hassan Rouhani -- who campaigned , in part , on opening up Iran more to the world including negotiations on its nuclear program -- as president last summer . Significant changes in Tehran 's approach followed , leading to an interim agreement in November involving Iran and the so-called P5 +1 -- the United States , China , Russia , Britain , France and Germany . The deal called for Iran to roll back parts of its nuclear program in return for relief from some sanctions . That agreement went into effect in January . The challenge now is to reach a permanent deal acceptable to all sides . Obama said Thursday that "  a comprehensive agreement ... this year can help open up new possibilities and prosperity for the Iranian people for years to come . " That includes more open trade , more jobs and "  more opportunities for Iranian students , " according to the President . Noting the progress that has been made , Obama stressed that "  this will be difficult . " At the same time , he insisted the United States is ready to talk . "  I 'm committed to diplomacy , " the President said , "  because I believe there is the basis for a practical solution . "	Obama says he 's "  committed to diplomacy " with Iran He says a comprehensive deal will open up opportunities , prosperity for Iran Iran has been isolated internationally over its nuclear program An interim deal was reached last fall ; talks are under way for a bigger agreement
CNN  -- In graduate school and as a mountaineer and nature photographer , I 've visited many of the world 's great mountain ranges and seen hundreds of glaciers . In spite of this , I did n't understand how fast truly enormous quantities of ice could disappear until 2005 when I went to Iceland and shot a story for The New Yorker magazine . This led to a 2006 National Geographic magazine assignment to document changing glaciers in various parts of the Northern Hemisphere and South America . By the time this cover story was done , the Extreme Ice Survey was born . EIS merges art and science to give visual voice to the planet 's changing ecosystems . Through time-lapse imagery and other innovative methods , EIS documents and communicates environmental impacts from global warming and other human-made causes while inspiring action among citizens and policymakers . Time-lapse photography captures the speed at which glaciers are retreating in places such as Greenland , Iceland , Alaska , the Alps and the Rocky Mountains . Watch video and see EIS project here . EIS is a collaboration between image-makers and leading environmental scientists , all of us devoted to documenting the changes transforming Arctic and alpine landscapes today . We do this because shrinking glaciers are the canary in the global coal mine , the most visible , tangible manifestations of climate change on the planet . The survey is extreme in every way -- distances , costs , logistics , field conditions . Truth be told , there are times when I wonder why I 'm putting myself through this ordeal . But other voices , asking different questions , ultimately provide the answers . I picture myself 30 years from now . I hear my daughters Simone and Emily saying with a certain amount of anger and exasperation : "  Dad , with what everyone knew back in 2009 , how could people not have realized the climate was changing ? " And then they ask the personal zinger : "  What were you doing about it ? " Hindsight can be merciless . People of any given era often look back in time and wonder how their predecessors could have been so dimwitted . How could the British navy have taken hundreds of years to make limes and other antiscorbutics a standard part of sailors ' diets ? The cure for scurvy was known to European navigators as early as the 1500s . During three epic voyages of the 1770s , Capt. James Cook forced his crews to eat sauerkraut , which was later shown to be rich in vitamin C . He lost not a single man to the disease . Yet the British admiralty waited until 1867 before mandating that its sailors eat limes to stay healthy . When the future looks back at the late 20th and early 21st centuries , people will be as astounded at our mule-headedness about dealing with climate change , as we now are at the foibles of earlier societies . Unfortunately , the astonishing pace of climatic events , as witnessed in the ice , does n't give us the luxury of time to be slow learners . We can not afford to be hamstrung by ponderous social institutions or deluded by false information . We must make a major effort to stop climate change right now , and not think we can absolve ourselves of responsibility by educating our children to do things differently . A generation from now will be too late . The voices of the future -- our grown-up children -- will damn us if we are passive and indifferent . As I head to Copenhagen , Denmark , for the United Nations Climate Change Conference , I hope to bring the extraordinary evidence of melting glaciers that my colleagues and I at the Extreme Ice Survey have worked so hard to collect to both the climate-change believers and the skeptics . I hope to attract even more widespread attention to this critical issue , because if we rise to the occasion demanded by a changing climate , we will be heroes . Descend into collective complacency and dysfunctional denial , and we will someday be judged to have been fools . Sir Edmund Hillary once said about great deeds , "  People do not decide to become extraordinary . They do extraordinary things . " The quality of our society and our lives will be judged by the deeds we do or do n't do . Once upon a time , I was a climate-change skeptic . I 'm not one anymore . The evidence is in the ice . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Balog .	James Balog says he did n't know how fast enormous quantities of ice were vanishing He says his eyes opened with photo assignments , now heads Extreme Ice Survey Balog says people will look back , wonder how predecessors could 've ignored global warming Once a skeptic , convert says we ca n't afford to wait or be deluded by false information
CNN  -- A Florida judge on Thursday set a $ 1 million bond with new restrictions on George Zimmerman , saying he believes the suspect may have been planning to flee the country to avoid prosecution in the killing of Trayvon Martin . Judge Kenneth R. Lester Jr. found that Zimmerman 's deceit over cash holdings at his first bond hearing in April was not enough to hold him without bail . "  This court has , thus far , declined to exercise its contempt powers and the state failed to prove that the defendant may be held without bond , " the order said . Zimmerman will have to post 10 % of the $ 1 million -- or $ 100,000 -- to meet the requirement for bail . Timeline of events in Trayvon Martin case But an even bigger challenge is finding a bail bond company that will work with the family on the requirement of $ 1 million in collateral , defense attorney Mark O'Mara said later Thursday . The family does "  not have anywhere near " the collateral amount , according to the attorney . "  We are encouraged we can work this out , " O'Mara said in a statement . Donations to Zimmerman 's legal defense fund have dropped significantly while Zimmerman has been jailed , O'Mara said . "  Supporters have told us they were concerned that the court would set such a high bond that getting George out of jail could risk wiping out the entire defense account . It appears that they were right . However , George needs an aggressive defense and to help with that he also needs to be out of jail with his wife and family assisting his legal team . " The fund has a $ 211,000 balance , but has $ 40,000 in payables for defense expenses . "  Paying bond and scheduled expenses would effectively wipe out the existing balance , " O'Mara said . O'Mara argued that Zimmerman should not be jailed because the state 's case is weak and his claim of self-defense is strong . The original bail of $ 150,000 was revoked last month after Lester learned Zimmerman and his wife , Shellie , had failed to disclose more than $ 150,000 in donations from the public . The judge 's order Thursday said that the new $ 1 million bond was not a punishment but an amount that assured the court that Zimmerman would not abscond . Zimmerman has the money to pay for his release , the court said . In his ruling , Lester wrote about the first bond hearing and noted an undisclosed second passport kept in Zimmerman 's safe deposit box . "  Notably , together with the passport , the money only had to be hidden for a short time for him to leave the country if the defendant made a quick decision to flee , " the judge said . "  It is entirely reasonable for this court to find that , but for the requirement that he be placed on electronic monitoring , the defendant and his wife would have fled the United States with at least $ 130,000 of other people 's money . " Lester wrote the defendant 's plans to flee were "  thwarted . " Zimmerman , 28 , is charged with second-degree murder in Martin 's February 26 shooting death . Under Florida law , second-degree murder is a bondable offense . What do you think about the judge 's order ? Sound off on CNN iReport Prosecutors had asked for bond to be denied or , if not , for it to be set at $ 1 million . Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump said the parents preferred that Zimmerman remain in jail , but "  they respect the ruling of the court and the strong message that the judge sent that deference to judicial integrity is paramount to all court proceedings . " "  Furthermore , they understand that this is not a sprint to justice , but a long journey to justice that they must bear for their son Trayvon , " Crump said . The order said the evidence shows that Zimmerman and his wife acted together to conceal their cash holdings during the original bond hearing . "  Under any definition , the defendant has  flouted  the system , " the order said . "  The defendant has tried to manipulate the system when he has been presented the opportunity to do so . " Investigator : Zimmerman missed opportunities to defuse situation Lester imposed new restrictions on Zimmerman that he did not face when he was out on bond the first time . Zimmerman must report to officials every two days , can not open or maintain a bank account and can not be on the property of an airport . He also can not apply for or obtain a passport . Zimmerman must abide by a curfew from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. , and like before , will be monitored electronically . Prosecutor Bernie de la Rionda argued before the judge last week that Zimmerman should remain in jail without bail because he was complicit in lying to the court and ca n't be trusted . Forensic accountant Adam Magill testified that thousands of dollars in donated funds flowed into and out of Zimmerman 's bank account in the days before the first bail hearing . Magill said it appeared Zimmerman and his wife were speaking in code during recorded jailhouse telephone conversations about the amount of money involved . He also said that transferring funds between accounts could have been done to make it appear that Zimmerman had less money available for bail than he did . De la Rionda reiterated that prosecutors believe Martin , a 17-year-old African-American , was an innocent victim who was confronted by Zimmerman without provocation . Zimmerman , a Sanford neighborhood watch volunteer , acknowledged fatally shooting the unarmed Martin after calling police to report a suspicious person . Zimmerman , who is white and Hispanic , said Martin attacked him . George Zimmerman : Trayvon Martin threatened my life CNN 's John Couwels and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Defense attorney says family faces challenges in arranging bond A judge orders $ 1 million bond for George Zimmerman Prosecutors say Zimmerman ca n't be trusted Zimmerman 's initial bond was revoked after he and his wife failed to disclose contributions
La Paz , Bolivia  CNN  -- Bolivian President Evo Morales handily won re-election Sunday , unofficial preliminary results showed . With 91 percent of votes tallied , Morales ' Movement for Socialism party won 62 percent of the vote , according to exit polls . The conservative Progress Plan for Bolivia party came in second with 23 percent , according to preliminary numbers . The resounding victory was not unexpected , as Morales , the country 's first president of indigenous descent , was leading in pre-election polls and was widely expected to win . The victory "  shows that it is possible to change Bolivia based on the vote of the Bolivian people , " Morales said in a victory speech Sunday night . The large margin and possible majorities in congress and the senate are an embrace of his government 's policies , Morales said . The resounding win "  compels me to accelerate these changes , " he said . The leftist leader , an ally of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , said earlier Sunday that he hoped for a record-breaking turnout . "  I urge all the patriots to go vote at the electoral tables so that Bolivia beats not just the national , but the international participation record , near 90 percent , " Morales told reporters Sunday . Morales nationalized important sectors in Bolivia , including mining . The move for the state to protect the country 's natural resources and increased social programs have made Morales popular among the nation 's large population of poor . A referendum earlier this year changed the constitution to allow a president to run for re-election . Seven other candidates challenged Morales . His closest rival was former governor of Cochabamba state Manfred Reyes Villa . In a speech Sunday night , Reyes Villa talked about the future , though he did not explicitly concede the election . "  The polarization of the country continues , " he said , referring not only to the political right and left but to the fractured opposition . The various parties who ran against the current government should put national interest ahead of personal interest , Reyes Villa said . "  We must keep fighting to strengthen our democracy , " he said . Thousands of police and hundreds of international observers were deployed across Bolivia . No major incidents were immediately reported . "  Morales is going to win , and he 's going to win handily . He does n't need to commit fraud , " said Eduardo Gamarra , a Bolivian political science professor at Florida International University . "  The guy is popular and it 's all constructed on this anti-American populist rhetoric , which is very politically popular . " In addition to president , Bolivians also voted for a vice president , 130 congressmen and 36 senators . CNN 's Arthur Brice and journalist Gloria Carrasco contributed to this report for CNN .	President Morales was widely expected to win re-election Morales is the first Bolivian president of indigenous descent Constitution amended earlier this year to allow a president to run for re-election
