Kano , Nigeria  CNN  -- A suicide bomber killed at least six people in the northeastern Nigerian city of Maiduguri on Monday , while Boko Haram militants attacked the town of Damaturu to the west but were driven out after a 10-hour battle . The sector commander for Maiduguri 's civilian task force told CNN a female bomber had carried out the attack on the city 's market at 11:00 a.m. . At least six people had died and the toll was expected to rise , Cmdr. â $ ŽAbba Aji Kalli said . More than 20 people had been taken to hospitals , many in critical condition , he said . Police gave a slightly different account , saying two female bombers had targeted the main gate of the market , killing five . A source at the Maiduguri General Hospital said 48 injured had been taken to the hospital from the scene of the attack . Last week , another suicide attack in Maiduguri , the capital of Borno state , killed at least 78 people . Meanwhile , battle sounds roared in Damaturu in neighboring Yobe state early Monday as Islamist Boko Haram fighters poured in , an eyewitness said . "  I was in bed around 4:40 a.m. , when I was jolted out of sleep with huge explosions and sounds of gunfire , " said resident Buka Girema . Girema fled with his family into nearby brush land . Neighbors have fled their homes as well , he said . "  After some phone calls , I realized Boko Haram gunmen were on the attack . They came in several trucks and vans , " he said . They set fire to a police checkpoint , he said . Militants pushed toward the center of town , and the sound of gunfire spread to compounds that house government workers , residents said . A nurse working in the town spoke to CNN by telephone as gunshots rang out in the background . She said she was hiding in her home , and then concluded quietly , "  They have entered my house . Please pray for me , " before hanging up the phone . ` Heinous and barbaric ' The attack on Damaturu ended in midafternoon . Yobe state spokesman Mohammed Hassan said the Boko Haram fighters were forced out of the town . "  The insurgents were not able to come in full force . They were not able to operate as they wanted . The authorities pushed them out . Many civilians also helped , " Hassan said . Yobe Gov. Ibrahim Gaidam condemned the attack on Damaturu as "  heinous and barbaric " and praised security forces for their efforts repelling the militants . "  His Excellency the governor has also been told that the security effort is still ongoing . Security agents will continue to track and pursue any remnants of the attackers who might still be hiding in town . "  The governor urges people in Damaturu and all across our State to continue to remain vigilant and pray to Almighty Allah for His intervention , " state spokesman Abdullahi Bego said in a statement . Campaign of violence Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians and bombing government buildings . On Friday , two suicide bombers and gunmen attacked a Muslim congregation during prayers in the central mosque in northern Nigeria 's largest city , Kano , officials said . A third bomb exploded outside the mosque . Officials said more than 100 people were killed in the attack . It came two weeks after the emir of Kano , Muhammad Sanusi II , one of Nigeria 's most influential monarchs , called for self-defense , urging people to procure arms and fight Boko Haramâ $ Ž , which has a significant presence in the area . The emir made the call at the same mosque where Friday 's attack occurred . In April , Boko Haram militants drew international condemnation when they kidnapped more than 200 schoolgirls , many of whom they later said they sold into slavery . At least 5,000 people have died at Boko Haram 's hands , according to a U.S. Congressional Research Service report , making it one of the world 's deadliest terrorist organizations . Journalists Aminu Abubakar and Hassan John reported from Nigeria ; CNN 's Ben Brumfield wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Nima Elbagir , Lillian Leposo , Kay Guerrero , Tina Burnside and Susannah Cullinane contributed to this report .	State spokesman says Boko Haram fighters are forced out of town of Damaturu Explosions before dawn jolt residents out of their sleep as Boko Haram invades Daaaturu In nearby city of Maiduguri , at least six killed in suicide bombing Local commander says female bomber targeted city 's market at 11:00 a.m.
CNN  -- The United States and its allies are facing "  an absolute defeat " against the Taliban in Afghanistan even if additional troops are sent , according to a message purportedly from the Taliban 's elusive leader , Mullah Mohammed Omar . In a transcript of the message posted Wednesday on the Afghan jihadi online magazine Al-Somod , the Taliban leader purportedly says the "  realities in Afghanistan are simple . " "  You and your allies are facing an absolute defeat , and nothing will change that even if you send more troops , no matter what your strategies are , because the logic of force will have no impact on the mujahedeen and you will never be able to control the Afghan people by physical force or by your satanic hypocrisy , " the transcript says . CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the report , which appeared in Arabic and in Pashtun . The transcript continued : "  Let it be known that your hostile policies have created a new world of enemies who will fight against you , and the earth is narrowing around you and you will always live the life of all bitterness and sorrow , because the policy of force and tyranny can not and will not be accepted by anyone . " The message comes days before President Obama is set to announce the U.S. troop strategy for Afghanistan . In a Tuesday speech , Obama will explain why the United States is in Afghanistan , its interests there and his decision-making process , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said . The president ordered more than 20,000 additional troops to Afghanistan in March . Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan , reportedly has called for up to 40,000 more to wage a counterinsurgency campaign against the Taliban , the Islamic militia originally ousted by U.S. military action in 2001 . There was no immediate response from Washington to the message . A previous message said to be from Omar was released in September , saying the fight against foreign forces "  is approaching the edge of victory . "	Message , purportedly from Taliban leader Mullah Omar , says U.S. faces defeat in Afghanistan "  Nothing will change that even if you send more troops , " message says Message posted on the Afghan jihadi online magazine Al-Somod President Obama set to announce U.S. troop strategy for Afghanistan on Tuesday
CNN  -- A former high school cheerleader who sued over injuries caused when a teammate failed to catch her during a routine , lost her appeal before the Wisconsin Supreme Court on Tuesday . The Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled Tuesday a cheerleader could n't sue her teammate . The seven state justices unanimously concluded cheerleading is a "  contact " sport , and therefore neither the male student cited nor the school district was liable for damages . The opinion also said the stunt in question did not create a "  compelling danger " to students . It is the first legal decision of its kind , according to the National Cheer Safety Foundation , a group founded by parents . The case was closely watched by school districts and parents around the country concerned about whether they would have immunity from lawsuits involving unintentional injuries from certain extracurricular activities . Brittany Noffke was a varsity cheerleader at Holmen High School , about 14 miles from La Crosse , in western Wisconsin . Her team was practicing a "  post to hands " stunt before a basketball game in 2004 , and after being lifted up to stand on the shoulders of a fellow student , Noffke fell backward , striking her head on the floor . The 16-year-old male cheerleader who lifted her , and then was supposed to be a spotter , failed to catch her . The girl 's family sued the boy and the school district , claiming the coach was negligent by not having a second spotter and not providing safety mats . State law does not specifically spell out which high school activities involve "  contact , " but they typically involve sports such as football or lacrosse in which opposing teams compete against each other . But the Wisconsin high court concluded that "  cheerleading involves a significant amount of physical contact between cheerleaders that at times results in a forceful interaction between the participants . " Justice Annette Ziegler cited the "  spirit rules " of the National Federation of State High School Association 's handbook , which contained pictures illustrating various cheerleading stunts . She said all but one photo showed at least two cheerleaders in contact with one another . Because the male cheerleader just made a mistake by being out of place when Noffke fell , the court found he did not act "  recklessly , " the only legal standard that would have permitted a lawsuit to proceed . Although it is not considered a sport at many high schools and colleges , cheerleading has grown increasingly popular over the years , and the stunts have become more complex and dangerous , sports injury experts say . A University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill study found cheerleading accounted for about two-thirds of some 93 "  catastrophic " sports injuries -- including head and neck damage -- among high school girls in the past 26 years . But the study noted that other sports such as football produce far more devastating injuries , though fewer in number . Cheerleading advocates say the activity has become much safer in the past 15 years , following greater awareness of the risks and better coordination among state and national groups . The American Association of Cheerleading Coaches and Administrators estimates about 4 million people are involved in the activity .	Justices rule cheerleading is "  contact " sport , therefore teammates , school not liable Brittany Noffke sued claiming negligence after she fell during a stunt Opinion said stunt in question did not create a "  compelling danger " Cheerleading group calls ruling the first legal decision of its kind
Washington  CNN  -- Suburban Virginia homeowner Jack Webb could n't believe what security cameras in his yard captured earlier this week -- a group of people punching and kicking a man on his street . Webb told CNN that a party on Monday night at a nearby house in Springfield , just south of Washington , attracted roughly 50 teens and young adults . He said he was awakened by noise . Looking out his window , he said he saw what he thought was a small fight with a large group looking on . It was n't until he viewed the security footage that he learned it was more of a group beating one person . The victim was kicked and punched multiple times by various people but eventually got up and walked off on his own . Fairfax County Master Police Officer Eddy Azcarate told CNN that police identified and spoke with the victim . But they are not releasing his name or any further details at this time . No arrests have been made . Webb installed four surveillance cameras around his house a few months ago after his vehicle was broken into . He said he was "  horrified " at the scene on his block this week . "  We could n't believe our eyes , " he said . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Resident installed security cameras in his yard after his car was broken into The Virginia homeowner said he was awakened by a party Footage from cameras captured group of people kicking and punching a man Victim walked off on his own ; police have made no arrests
A 1-year-old boy who plummeted two stories from a fire escape in Brooklyn on Wednesday was saved when a quick-thinking passerby saw the child and caught him as he fell , according to police . The woman who caught the baby is Cristina Torre , daughter of famed Major League Baseball manager and former National League All-Star catcher Joe Torre . Joe Torre : Baseball champ and domestic abuse survivor The boy crawled through the window of a second-story apartment after pushing aside a piece of cardboard that blocked an opening beside the apartment 's air conditioning unit , according to NYPD Detective James Duffy . He then climbed onto the fire escape and fell onto the awning of a frozen yogurt shop directly below the apartment and bounced off , Duffy said . That was when 44-year-old Cristina Torre , who happened to be passing by , saw the situation and positioned herself beneath the awning in time to catch the child , Duffy said . The boy was taken to Lutheran Medical Center in Brooklyn and was in stable condition , Duffy said . Joe Torre released a statement Wednesday night saying , "  I am very proud of my daughter Cristina 's actions today during an incident in Brooklyn involving a small child . Fortunately for that child she was in the right place at the right time to lend a hand . " The boy 's parents were charged with child endangerment , Duffy said . Three other children , aged 2 , 3 and 5 , were taken into the custody of Child Protective Services .	The 1-year-old boy fell after crawling through a window He fell onto an awning , and a passerby positioned herself under the awning The catcher is Cristina Torre , daughter of famed MLB manager and player Joe Torre She caught the child , who police say was later in stable condition in a hospital
Dubai , UAE  CNN  -- Dubai Creek was once the heart the Gulf emirate 's business activity , where boats and barges sailed along transporting goods and people to foreign ports . From electronics to sporting goods , the Creek is still a vibrant trading base , but far from the integral shipping hub it once was . For centuries this is where all Dubai 's international business happened . Much of the goods bought and sold here went to India , which over time became the United Arab Emirates ' largest trading partner . In the 1970s , trade between the two countries amounted to $ 180 million a year . Today , this figure is closer to $ 75 billion . With growing business ties , many Indians have moved to Dubai in search of work and opportunity -- but home is never far from their mind . Shekhar Patni is one of almost 2 million Indians working in the UAE . He moved here more than 30 years ago and decided it was a good place to set up his jewelery business . His company has since grown to be valued at more than $ 20 million . "  It 's the culture , the mixed culture of India and the Middle East , " Patni says on why he decided to settle in Dubai . "  This is the more important for us . And it is very close to India . " As his native country awaits the outcome of parliamentary elections , Patni is watching closely even though he does n't have a vote . Patni says he sends a huge portion of his earnings home for his family , business and for investments . He 's far from alone in this endeavor . Krishnan Ramachandran runs a wealth management group in Dubai that manages $ 400 million worth of assets belonging to Indians living in the UAE . The majority is re-invested in India . "  We cater to a wide range of clients starting from the person who 's at the bottom of the pyramid to somebody at the top of the pyramid , " said Ramachandran . "  It 's always the aspiration of any expat Indian coming to this region to save and send money , as much as possible , back home , " he added . "  On an average the target is between 40 % to 50 % of their earnings here . " That 's because most of his clients intend to go back one day , he says . One such client is construction worker , Mukesh Sharma . "  I 'm in Dubai for the last 10 years , " Sharma said . "  We keep transferring the money , you know to exchanges and all . I plan to go after maybe two , three years . "  That 's my plan right now . Then I 'll go and settle down  back in India  . " Remittances from overseas Indians like Sharma amounted to $ 71 billion last year , according to the World Bank , more than any other country in the world . That gives Dubai 's Indian ex-pats tremendous economic clout in the Gulf emirate and back home -- even without a vote in the elections . See also : The Middle East 's king of hotels See also : Gulf looks to rival Paris fashions See also : Gas fields could unite Cyprus	The UAE is home to almost 2 million Indian ex-pats Many come to earn money they send back to family in India More than $ 71 billion was transferred to India from overseas workers last year , World Bank says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Officials investigating last week 's crash of two Metro subway trains said a system used to detect trains in the area of the accident had failed intermittently in the days immediately before the fatal crash . Investigators are shown at the crash scene in Washington . Nine people were killed in the June 22 accident . Officials earlier reported that the track circuit had been repaired June 17 , five days before the crash . In an update Wednesday , the National Transportation Safety Board added that after the repair , the circuit "  periodically lost its ability to detect trains . " The NTSB says the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority reported the problem during a post-accident review of track circuit data , but it was not immediately clear if operators were aware of the problem before the accident . A call to the transit authority was not immediately returned . In a prepared statement , Metro General Manager John Catoe said the track circuit data problem " ... is not an issue that would have been easily detectable to controllers in our operations center . " He said Metro is working with the NTSB to find the "  root cause " of the accident , and said he wanted to assure metro riders that the system "  is as safe as it can be . " Nine people were killed in the June 22 accident . According to the NTSB , which is investigating the crash , maintenance records show that an "  impedance bond " for the track circuit where the accident occurred was replaced June 17 . The NTSB says it is now reviewing documentation on the performance of the track circuit both before and after the June 17 repair . Since the accident , the transit authority has stopped using a computer system designed to avoid collisions and is operating the trains manually , leading to delays . The NTSB , meanwhile , has been conducting nightly tests at the accident scene between the Fort Totten and Takoma stations . On the weekend of July 18 , investigators intend to conduct tests to determine when the stopped train would have been visible from the train that struck it . The previously reported rail-streak marks consistent with heavy braking were approximately 125 feet long , and began approximately 425 feet before impact .	Officials earlier said track circuit had been repaired June 17 , five days before crash In update , NTSB says that after repair , circuit periodically lost "  ability to detect trains " It 's not clear if operators were aware of problem before accident , NTSB says Since crash , trains have been operated manually , NTSB has run tests at crash site
The Texas Attorney General 's Office said Wednesday that it has started legal proceedings to seize the 1,600-acre ranch where prosecutors say polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs and others sexually abused children . Greg Abbott 's office said the move marks the final chapter of a nearly five-year effort to pursue widespread criminal misconduct charges at the Yearning for Zion ranch near Eldorado , Texas . Four hundred children were removed from the complex , then returned after the Texas Supreme Court ruled the state had no right to remove them and lacked evidence to show they were in imminent danger of abuse . Child protection officials said they found a "  pervasive pattern " of sexual abuse on the ranch through forced marriages between underage girls and older men . In August 2011 , a Texas jury found Jeffs guilty of sexual assault against two girls , ages 12 and 15 . He is serving a life sentence . The Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints openly practices polygamy on the YFZ Ranch , as well as in the twin border towns of Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona . Critics of the sect say young girls are forced into "  spiritual " marriages with older men and sexually abused . Sect members have denied that any sexual abuse takes place . Their attorneys were not immediately available for comment .	Attorney General Greg Abbott 's office : Move marks the final chapter of a nearly 5-year effort In August 2011 , a Texas jury found sect leader Warren Jeffs guilty of child sexual assaults The Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints practices polygamy Sect members have denied any sexual abuse takes place
CNN  -- A Somali man who authorities say is the highest-ranking pirate ever brought to the United States for prosecution was given 12 life sentences Monday by a federal judge in Norfolk , Virginia . U.S. Attorney Neil MacBride said he hopes the severe sentences send a clear message to other would-be pirates to stay away from U.S-flagged ships in the Gulf of Aden and off the coast of Somalia . The sentences handed to Mohammad Saalli Shibin -- who authorities say negotiated for the release of pirate-held hostages and vessels in return for ransom -- follow his involvement in arranging ransoms for two dramatic , high-profile pirated vessels . In one case four Americans were shot to death aboard their yacht in February , 2011 , while negotiations with the U.S. military were proceeding . In the other case , 22 crewmen aboard a German-owned vessel were allegedly tortured following their hijacking , and the pirates received a ransom of more than $ 5 million . During the sentencing , the judge found Shibin responsible for the entire ransom and ordered him to make restitution for more than 5.4 million dollars . The sentencing followed guilty verdicts against Shibin on 15 counts including piracy and kidnapping in April , 2012 . That came just about one year after Shibin was captured in a raid in Somalia by Somali forces working with the FBI . During negotiations for the four Americans , Shibin remained on shore and determined the size of the ransoms to be demanded , and he did not board the yacht himself , authorities said . Three other alleged pirates charged with the deaths of Americans Jean and Scott Adam of California , and their friends Bob Riggle and Phyllis Macay of Seattle , are scheduled to go on trial and will face potential death sentences . Federal prosecutors in Norfolk have prosecuted 18 Somali pirates to date .	Authorities say Mohammad Saalli Shibin was a high-level pirate negotiator He negotiated release of pirate-held hostages and vessels in return for ransom Shibin was captured in Somalia in 2011 and convicted earlier this year A judge handed him 12 life sentences on Monday
An Alabama judge this week gave a convicted rapist a sentence in which he could avoid jail time altogether , a move that shocked the victim and the defense . "  I 'm still baffled , " the victim , Courtney Andrews , told CNN . She came forward publicly to express her outrage over Wednesday 's sentencing . "  I do n't know how any of this is possible . " The defense for Austin Clem , 25 , was also caught off guard at first . "  Frankly , I think the judge 's sentence was surprising to most everyone in the courtroom , " said Clem 's attorney , Dan Totten . Clem was convicted of one count of forcible rape and two counts of second-degree rape , attacks that occurred when Andrews was a minor . Limestone County Judge James Woodroof handed down jail terms of 20 years for the forcible rape and 10 years each for the second-degree rape charges , to run concurrently , but he suspended those sentences . Instead , he opted for three community corrections sentences of two years plus three years of supervised probation , to be carried out concurrently . Clem must register as a sex offender , but if he follows all the guidelines , he will stay out of prison . Beyond expressing surprise at the judge 's actions , both sides found little else about which to agree . "  Honestly , I did n't understand when I first heard the sentence , " said Andrews , now 20 . "  I was expecting him to spend a long time in prison . " She spoke of abuse that started when she was 13 , saying she kept quiet for years because of threats . "  I was hurt for a long time , " she said . "  I had to grow up at a very , very young age , and I know what it 's like to have your life threatened and that no one will understand me . " Woodroof did not return CNN 's calls Friday to explain his ruling . The county 's district attorney , Brian Jones , told CNN he was "  reviewing available options to set aside this sentence and to achieve a sentence that gives justice to our victim . " Jones could not offer specifics on what options are available saying he could not "  comment publicly on the particulars of this case . " During the sentencing phase of the trial , prosecutors offered evidence that Clem had participated in a rehabilitation program for sex offenders when he was a teen . Clem 's attorney confirmed his client 's history . "  Clem  did go through a program . He was sent to the Department of Youth Services for a sex abuse case that occurred when he was well under 15-years-old , " said Totten . Regardless of Clem 's past troubles , from Totten 's point of view the sentence was too harsh . "  This is a case with two sides to the coin , " Totten said . "  There are two sides . The evidence was not clear and convincing . " The lawyer says Clem is considering an appeal on the conviction . He has 30 days from the sentencing to do so . As the sentence stands , the requirements for community corrections are so stringent that they are in effect a form of house arrest , Totten said . "  It sets a bar so high , I do n't know of a lot of people who could abide by these limitations , " he said . According to Clem 's attorney , the relationship should not have happened because Clem was married and Andrews was a minor , but it was consensual . Andrews was good friends with Clem 's wife and kept going to his house even after the initial attacks , Totten said . "  It does n't appear from her actions that she was saying ` no , ' " he said . Andrews wo n't hear any of that . At that young age , she could not legally consent to anything . She stayed in Clem 's life , she said , because she was manipulated and threatened . At first , he told her it was OK , but that she could n't tell anyone . Later , she said , it turned into threats on her life . "  What am I supposed to do ? " she asked . "  It takes everything I have to not just hate him . " Andrews said she is in shock . "  I have absolutely no idea how he got this sentence , " she said .	Austin Clem was convicted of raping a minor But he was not sentenced to any jail time The victim has come forward to express her outrage The defense is considering appealing the conviction
Over the years , U.S. law enforcement and intelligence officers have tracked a host of elusive criminals , most of them within the United States . Here are some of the most prominent examples . Osama Bin Laden The al Qaeda chief was tracked down nearly 10 years after the 9/11 attacks in a compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan . He was fatally shot after a team of elite Navy SEALs raided the bin Laden compound just after midnight on the morning of May 2 , 2011 . U.S. President Barack Obama made the decision to launch the raid on Pakistani territory , about 30 miles north of the capital , Islamabad , without knowing for certain whether bin Laden was there . But the work of intelligence analysts and the CIA proved accurate , and the long search for a man seen as America 's enemy No. 1 was brought to a bloody conclusion . Two of bin Laden 's bodyguards , one of his sons and the wife of one of the bodyguards also were killed . The ` Unabomber ' A string of mail bombings carried out by Ted Kaczynski over 17 years from 1978 claimed the lives of three people and injured 23 others . A year after his first device exploded , an FBI-led task force was formed to investigate . But it was n't until 1995 that the FBI got the break they needed in the case , after publishing a 35,000 word manifesto sent by the man who became known as the "  Unabomber , " he was finally identified by his brother . On April 3 , 1996 , investigators raided Kaczynski 's primitive cabin near Lincoln , Montana , and he was arrested . He 's serving eight life sentences for murder . Christopher Dorner Renegade ex-officer Christopher Dorner led California police on a days-long chase before he was tracked to a hideout in the San Bernardino Mountains east of Los Angeles . He took his own life February 12 while holed up in a cabin that caught fire when police fired tear gas canisters into it . He had killed four people and wounded three others as part of a vendetta against his former officers . Eric Robert Rudolph It took police nearly seven years to hunt down the man who planted a bomb in Atlanta 's Centennial Olympic Park during the 1996 Summer Olympic Games , killing two . Other bombings followed , one deadly . Eric Robert Rudolph was identified as a suspect in 1998 , and police came close to catching him in a search of homes and woods in Murphy , North Carolina , after two raccoon hunters found his abandoned truck . He eluded capture and , despite a $ 1 million reward on his head , it was not until May 2003 that a rookie police officer arrested him in Murphy . Rudolph is serving four consecutive sentences of life in prison plus 120 years for the attacks . James ` Whitey ' Bulger Alleged Boston mob figure James "  Whitey " Bulger spent more than a decade on the FBI 's Top 10 Most Wanted Fugitives list before he was captured in June 2011 in Santa Monica , California , after 16 years on the run . He was discovered hidden in plain sight , living in an apartment in the oceanside city near Los Angeles . His girlfriend , Catherine Greig , was sentenced to eight years in prison last summer for helping him evade capture . Bulger , the accused former head of Boston 's notorious Winter Hill gang , now faces 19 murder charges , as well as charges including extortion , money laundering and narcotics distribution . D.B. Cooper In November 1971 , a man calling himself Dan Cooper hijacked a plane and succeeded in getting authorities to give him $ 200,000 and parachutes in return for letting passengers off the plane . The man then asked to be flown to Mexico but jumped out of the back of Northwest Orient Flight 305 somewhere between Seattle and Reno , Nevada . Authorities have never been able to prove whether the man survived or his actual identity . In 2011 , the FBI said DNA on the necktie of the man known as D.B. Cooper did not match that of a new suspect in the case , but he was not ruled out as a suspect . The suspect 's niece , Marla Cooper , who 'd alerted the FBI , said she thought the man she knew as Uncle L.D. had died in 1999 . The case remains unsolved . Bonnie and Clyde The pursuit of Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow , the notorious lovebird bandits , made headlines across the United States during the Great Depression . According to the FBI , the authorities first picked up their trail in late 1932 thanks to the discovery of a prescription bottle filled for Clyde 's aunt , which the pair had left in a stolen car . A warrant was issued for both in May 1933 and the hunt was on . The lovers and their gang carried out a series of daring robberies but evaded capture despite a number of violent brushes with the law . Bonnie and Clyde were finally ambushed and fatally shot by a police posse in Louisiana in May 1934 . They are believed to have committed 13 murders and several robberies and burglaries , as well as auto thefts . John Wilkes Booth Actor and Confederate sympathizer John Wilkes Booth staked his claim as America 's first presidential assassin on the night of April 14 , 1865 , shooting Abraham Lincoln in the back of the head during a performance of "  Our American Cousin " at Ford 's Theater in Washington , D.C. Booth managed to escape the theater through a stage door , jumped on a horse , and headed south through Maryland . Struggling with a broken leg and with federal troops in hot pursuit , Booth crossed the Potomac River into Virginia on April 21 . A few days later , however , authorities trapped him in a barn on Richard Garrett 's Virginia farm . They set fire to the barn on April 26 , and shot Booth as he tried to defend himself . Timothy McVeigh On the morning of April 19 , 1995 , disgruntled Army veteran Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive bomb in a Ryder truck left in front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City . 168 people were killed in the blast , including 19 children . While the FBI was able to put together a sketch of McVeigh , he was ultimately apprehended by an Oklahoma police officer who pulled him over for driving a car without a license plate . The officer noticed McVeigh was carrying a gun , and arrested him for illegal possession of a firearm . While in custody , McVeigh was identified as the likely bomber . He was executed by lethal injection at a federal facility in Terre Haute , Indiana , on June 11 , 2001 . The D.C. snipers For three weeks in October 2002 , the greater Washington D.C. area was virtually paralyzed by a series of random sniper murders . Ten people were killed and another three were seriously injured before John Allen Muhammad and Lee Boyd Malvo -- a minor at the time -- were caught sleeping in their car at a rest stop off Interstate 70 in Maryland . Muhammad was executed in Virginia in November 2009 ; Malvo was sentenced to six life sentences with no chance of parole . The pair was also tied to murders in Washington State , Georgia , Louisiana , and Alabama .	Osama bin Laden was tracked down in Abbottabad , Pakistan , after a decade-long hunt Ted Kaczynski was captured in Montana years after his bombing campaign began Renegade ex-cop Christopher Dorner took his own life after he was cornered in a cabin James ` Whitey ' Bulger spent 16 years on the run before his arrest in California
CNN  -- You might expect Sunday to be a day of rest in a predominantly Roman Catholic country like Brazil . But the World Cup offers as good a reason as it gets to make an exception . There will be three contests -- in Brasilia , Porte Alegre and Rio de Janeiro -- on what will be the fourth day of the prestigious football tournament . Each of them pits a team from Europe against one from Latin America . Here 's a look at a few things to watch for : Spotlight on Lionel Messi Lionel Messi is one of a kind . At 26 years old , all he 's done is win four consecutive FIFA Ballons d'Or , given annually to football 's best player . And he 's done it on one of the best club teams , Barcelona , in the world . But on the sport 's biggest stage , Messi has yet to deliver . On Sunday , when his Argentine team faces Bosnia and Herzegovina , Messi will get another chance at a World Cup title . Many see this tournament as his best opportunity yet , given that he is in his prime and the event is being held in his native South America . France copes without Franck Going into this year 's World Cup , many tapped France as a favorite . The biggest reason : Franck Ribery . He was the best player on the world 's best club team , Bayern Munich in 2013 -- when it won the Bundesliga and even more prestigious Champions League . As such , there was good reason to think Ribery could help lead his native France to the promised land . Until , that is , the 31-year-old was ruled out of the World Cup due to back issues . So does that mean France is out of contention ? We might get a good gauge on that answer Sunday , when Les Bleus open Group E play with a matchup against Honduras . Are you ready , Rio ? Rio de Janiero is two years away from welcoming the world , as the host of the 2016 Summer Olympics . What better way to warm up than with the Olympics ' closest competition for the world 's biggest sporting event ? World Cup play kicks off in Rio on Sunday , with the Messi-led Argentinian squad facing off with Bosnia and Herzegovina . That means thousands of Cariocas  a reference to Rio residents  will pack into the iconic Maracana stadium ; the even luckier ones , someone might argue , could be on the city 's world-famous beaches , like Ipanema and Copacabana . Whatever excitement there is Sunday , though , should pale in comparison to what unfolds on Sunday , July 13 , in the same stadium . That 's when the World Cup final takes place . And -- if Brazilians ' prayers are answers -- the host team will be there , slugging it out for the championship . Latin American teams are rolling Europe boasts being the birthplace of football . But this year , Latin America has not only hosted the World Cup , it 's virtually owned it -- with Brazil , Mexico , Chile , Colombia and Costa Rica having won their tournament openers . The only Latin team that did n't win was Uruguay . That 's because it got beat by Costa Rica . Plus , it can always take solace in the fact it won its last World Cup in Brazil , albeit 64 years ago . Latin American teams will get three more chances to continue their run Sunday : starting with Ecuador against Switzerland , then with Honduras taking on France , and , lastly , with the Argentina matchup . A new country , a real chance Twenty-five years ago , Bosnia and Herzegovina did n't exist . In the years after its 1991 declaration of independence from Yugoslavia , it was more or less a war zone . Peace came later in the 1990s , paved by the Dayton Agreement . So did some normalcy . And , with that , so did football -- including a fledgling national team that seemed to get better as the years went by . Bosnia and Herzegovina narrowly missed out on a 2010 World Cup berth . This time , it will try to get out of a group that includes Argentina , Nigeria and Iran . Slated as 21st in the FIFA world rankings -- just behind Mexico and ahead of other World Cup contenders like Algeria , Ivory Coast and Ecuador -- Bosnia is looking to make history not just by showing up , but by advancing . As coach Safet Susic said -- according to the broadcaster B92 , as reported by Bleacher Report : "  We are not going to Brazil simply as tourists or to take notes . We want to succeed . "	Argentina 's Lionel Messi will take the field for the first time in Brazil Bosnia and Herzegovina will start play in its first World Cup Action starts in Rio de Janeiro -- host of the World Cup finals , the 2016 Olympics
Gael Monfils will not play again this year after suffering an injury-ravaged 2012 . The Frenchman , who has slipped from seventh in the world down to 47th , missed four months of the season after struggling with a problem in his right knee . Monfils missed the French Open , Wimbledon , Olympics and U.S. Open before making a return to action in September . Monfils pulls out as Roddick battles through in San Jose He made it through to the semifinals at Metz but was beaten in the first round in Stockholm earlier in the week after losing to world 435 Patrik Rosenholm . "  He does n't have a problem with his knee but we decided there was no point in playing the rest of the year . We have already turned our attention to 2013 , " Monfils 's coach Patrick Chamagne told AFP . Elsewhere , Germany 's Tommy Haas made history after winning his 500th career match . Haas , 34 , saw off Jesse Levine in the second round of the Austrian Open and joined a group of elite players to have achieved the feat . Federer leads charge of the old men Roger Federer  871 wins  , Rafael Nadal  583  and Lleyton Hewitt  566  are just three of those to have made it , while Jimmy Connors is the all-time leader on  1,243  . Haas ' achievement did n't go unnoticed as he was awarded a Fiat 500 retro car on court to celebrate his landmark victory . "  I really wanted to reach 500 wins , it was a goal for me at the start of the year , " said Haas , who won in Vienna last year . "  To do it means a lot . It 's been such a hard road , I had to play some good tennis . "  No one gives you anything on the ATP . And to do it here in Vienna where I won the title was spectacular . "  You have a lot of goals over the years and I 've tried to reach mine . This is something great , because I was n't really sure I could do it when I was playing last spring . "  I feel really fit now and playing good tennis . It really makes me proud , I want to thank my family , my team and those supporting me . This is something I can always look back on . " Second seed Janko Tipsarevic kept his hopes of winning a place at the London end of year ATP World Tour Finals with a 6-3 6-4 victory over Ernests Gulbis . Tipsarevic is currently just one place outside the eight spaces for the showpiece conclusion to the calendar but is showing little sign of nerves . "  I try not to think of anything before me or behind me , " he said . "  I can not be affected by the fact that everyone is chasing me . All I can do is stay completely focussed on every point of every match . I can not think about being ahead or behind . " Australia 's Marinko Matosevic will face top seed Juan Martin Del Potro after defeating Dominic Thiem 6-3 7-6 . Del Potro , who returned to action following a month 's lay-off with injury , came through a three hour match on Wednesday to book his place in the last eight . .	Gael Monfils ruled out of action until New Year Frenchman 's ranking has dropped from seven to 47 Knee problem prevented him playing at full power Tommy Haas records 500th career victory at Austrian Open
Washington  CNN  -- The commander of U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan was escorted from a congressional hearing room after fainting during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing Tuesday , his spokesman said . Gen. David Petraeus "  is feeling much better , " spokesman Col. Erik Gunhus said . "  It appeared that he fainted . " A doctor checked Petraeus out and he returned to the hearing room to continue , but committee chairman Sen. Carl Levin "  overruled him , " Gunhus said . "  Looks like we will continue tomorrow . He will be OK . " Petraeus returned amid applause to the hearing room . On his way out of the building , Petraeus told CNN 's Dana Bash , "  I 'm doing OK . I just got a little dehydrated . I ate a couple of bananas and drank some water . I did n't eat breakfast this morning . " Petraeus is the head of U.S. Central Command , which oversees the conduct of the U.S. wars in the Middle East and central Asia . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said Petraeus was examined by a doctor in an outer room . "  They gave him some fruit and juice to get his blood sugar up and did all the tests you would do in the aftermath of an unusual episode like that , " Morrell said . "  He took some time , is feeling better and wanted to go back out to complete the hearing . " President Barack Obama called Petraeus from Air Force One while the president was en route back from Pensacola , Florida , a White House spokesman said . Obama got the impression , from his talk with Petraeus , that he is "  doing great , " deputy White House press secretary Bill Burton told reporters . "  Sounds like he was just a little dehydrated , " Burton said . A Pentagon official added that Petraeus "  goes nonstop and has kept his schedule like this for nine years . I do n't know if it was the schedule and pace at which he drives himself contributed to this . He indicated he did n't have breakfast or anything to eat or drink . He is back at the Pentagon working . He did not go for further medical tests . " Gunhus said , "  We have just returned from a weeklong overseas trip to Jordan and London and I think he was just dehydrated . He will be OK . We are back at the Pentagon working and executing his afternoon schedule . " Before Petraeus was escorted out , key senators questioned the progress and planning for U.S. efforts in Afghanistan . Opening the hearing , Levin , D-Michigan , questioned the ratio of U.S. and NATO troops to Afghan troops , urging a faster ramping up of Afghan security forces . "  Progress towards the goal of Afghans taking the lead in operations has been unsatisfactory . Today operations in Afghanistan are excessively dependent on coalition forces , " Levin said . Levin said in the coming campaign in Kandahar , there is a plan to have one Afghan service member for every two international troops . He called instead for a one-to-one ratio , with Afghan forces in the lead . His Republican counterpart , Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said in his opening remarks that the key trends were going in a "  bad direction , perhaps even signaling a mounting crisis . " "  Hoping for success on the arbitrary timeline set by the administration is simply unrealistic , " McCain said , calling for the president to say the U.S. will stay in Afghanistan until there is success . Moments before Petraeus ' fainting spell , McCain asked him about the president 's target to begin withdrawal of the additional troops by July of next year . "  July 2011 is not the date where we race for the exits . It is the date where , having done an assessment , we begin a process of transition of tasks to Afghan security forces based on conditions and begin a process of , quote , a responsible drawdown of our forces , " Petraeus explained . McCain expressed doubts about the timetable , as he has before . The Arizona senator worried that people in the region will assume America is leaving and that will strengthen the hand of the Taliban . "  You believe that we can begin a drawdown in July of 2011 , under the projected plans that we have ? " McCain asked . "  That is the policy and I support it , " Petraeus said . "  I understand you support the policy , " McCain responded . "  Will conditions on the ground indicate that we will begin a withdrawal , in the words of the vice president : ` July of 2011 , you 're going to see a whole lot of people moving out , bet on it ' ? " McCain moved on to another topic before Petraeus could answer the question . A few moments later , the hearing was recessed until Wednesday morning . Prepared remarks from Petraeus said progress is being made even as the security violence has gotten more intense . The surge of U.S. troops into Afghanistan is ahead of schedule , but the situation on the ground will get more difficult before it gets better , he warned in the prepared remarks . "  I noted several months ago ... the going was likely to get harder before it got easier . That has already been the case , as we 've seen recently . " All 30,000 additional U.S. troops ordered by Obama last year will be in place in Afghanistan by the end of August , according to Petraeus . Troops had originally been scheduled to be in place by September . In the prepared remarks , he told the congressional panel Tuesday that increasing the size and capability of the struggling Afghan National Army and police forces are back on track , but there is more work to be done . Undersecretary of Defense Michele Flournoy also argued that progress has been made . "  We are regaining the initiative and the insurgency is beginning to lose momentum , " she said in her opening statement , but noted the outcome is "  far from determined . "	NEW : Obama calls Petraeus from Air Force One Spokesman says Petraeus fainted , "  is feeling much better " General says he got "  a little dehydrated , " had n't eaten breakfast Petraeus was set to testify at Senate Armed Services Committee hearing
London  CNN  -- With 50 meters to go , it looked like Oscar Pistorius was cruising to gold in the men 's 200 meters . But then , to his outside , a flash of green went by , a 20-year-old Brazilian who rocketed past him to upset the most famous Paralympian of all time . Alan Fonteles Cardoso Oliveira beat Pistorius to the line , winning gold in 21.45 . South Africa 's Pistorius took silver in 21.52 , unable to come near his world record set Saturday . The bronze went to Blake Leeper of the United States . On Saturday , the third day of the Games , Pistorius blazed through the men 's 200-meter-T44 qualifier with a world-record time of 21.30 seconds . The Paralympic movement classifies events , using terms like T44 , to group competitors based on their disability . Pistorius , who uses carbon fiber prosthetic blades , made it to the semifinals of the individual 400-meter and the 400-meter relay final at the Olympics last month , running against athletes with no disablities . Besides the 200-meter run , he will also compete in the Paralympics in the men 's 100-meter-T44  set for Wednesday and Thursday  and the 400-meter-T44  happening Friday and Saturday  , both of which he won in Beijing four years ago . Pistorius , nicknamed the Blade Runner , is also part of South Africa 's 4x100-meter T42/T46 relay team , which is scheduled to race Wednesday . U.S. two-sport athlete Rudy Garcia-Tolson , a day after finishing ninth in the men 's 200 meters  T42  on the track , won a silver in the 200-meter individual medley . Yevheniy Bohodayko of Ukraine won the event in a world record time of 2:33.13 . Garcia-Tolson set an American record of 2:33.94 . Jessica Long of the United States , who was looking to add a fourth gold medal in swimming in the games , finished fifth in the 50-meter freestyle  S8  . Her teammate , Mallory Weggemann , won the event in 31.13 , edging 13-year-old Maddison Elliott of Australia . Long , a 20-year-old from Baltimore , is entered in nine events in the meet . She won three gold medals in Athens at age 12 and four more in Beijing . She also has a silver and bronze from 2008 , giving her 12 career Paralympic Games medals . Long was born in Siberia with fibular hemimelia , meaning she had no fibulas and other bones in lower legs , according to her website . She was adopted by her U.S. parents at age 13 months and had her lower legs amputated five months later . Australian Jacqueline Freney won her third gold medal with a world record in the women 's 200-individual medley  SM7  . The thin line : Paralympic classification At the weightlifting venue , Fatma Omar of Egypt set a world record in women 's powerlifting . The 38-year-old won her 56-kilogram  123-pound  division with a lift of 140 kilograms  309 pounds  . New Zealand 's Phillipa Gray and Laura Thompson also set a world record Sunday in the qualification round of the women 's individual B pursuit , an event on a tandem bicycle for the visually impaired . They won the final , beating the Irish team of Catherine Walsh and Francine Meehan . China has a huge lead in medals , topping the table with 87 . The Chinese added to their total on Sunday with golds in table tennis from Feng Panfeng in men 's singles  Class 3  and Liu Jing in women 's singles  Class 1-2  . China also took golds in rowing 's mixed doubles sculls and men 's single sculls from Huang Cheng , the world record holder . Great Britain is second in medals with 53 . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Laura Smith-Spark and Tom McGowan contributed to this report .	NEW : Alan Fonteles Cardoso Oliveira wins men 's 200-meter race Aussie swimmer Jacqueline Freney wins third gold medal Team USA athlete Rudy Garcia-Tolson makes transition from track to pool , wins silver China continues to hold huge lead in medals with Team GB second
CNN  -- Roger Federer pulled out of his defense of the Qatar Open Friday with a back injury before his arch-rival Rafael Nadal was beaten in the semifinals of the $ 1 million tournament by Gael Monfils . Federer , the three-time defending champion at the season-opening tournament , was due to face France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga for a place in the final . Monfils , who brushed aside top seed Nadal in straight sets , 6-3 6-4 , will now play his compatriot for the first title of the 2012 ATP Tour season . Swiss maestro Federer had nursed back spasms during his wins over Greg Zemlja and Andreas Seppi and undergone treatment between matches as well as taking painkillers . But with the Australian Open looming on Monday week , the 16-time grand slam champion decided against risking the injury against Tsonga . "  I hurt my back in my second round match  against Zemlja  and I do n't see any improvement today , " he told gathered reporters . "  I 've played through two matches in pain and do n't think it 's the right thing to risk anything more now . It 's the only right decision to make . "  It 's only the second time I have pulled out from a tournament , and I have never pulled out during a match . It 's a sad moment for me , the tournament , and the fans , but health comes first . " Federer sounded a cautious note ahead of the first grand slam of the season . "  Although it 's not very good it 's not crazy bad , " he said . "  I have had bad backs on the past , but this is not very good , otherwise I would definitely be playing , " added Federer , who is on a 20-match unbeaten run on the ATP Tour . In the later action on court , a single break of service saw fourth seed Monfils take the opening set . Nadal hit back to lead 4-1 in the second set before Monfils conjured up five games in a row to compete a stunning victory in one hour 36 minutes . Tsonga holds a 2-1 career winning record over Monfils , but he lost their last encounter in Montpellier in 2010 . Earlier , Andy Murray raced into the semifinals of the Brisbane International with a straight sets win over Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus . World No. 4 Murray beat Baghdatis 6-2 6-2 and will play 19-year-old Australian hopeful Bernard Tomic in the last four in Queensland . Tomic beat Uzbekistan 's Denis Istomin 6-3 7-6 in their quarterfinal match .	Roger Federer withdraws from Qatar Open with back injury Three-time defending champion was due to play Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the last four Top seed Rafael Nadal lost in straight sets to France 's Gael Monfils in second semifinal Andy Murray sweeps into semifinals of Brisbane International
New York  CNN  -- A Newtown , Connecticut , police officer haunted by the horrific images of the mass shooting at an elementary school there said Monday that he could lose his job after being diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder . Thomas Bean was one of the first officers to respond to the December 2012 shooting that left 26 dead , including 20 children . He told CNN that he has contemplated cutting himself with a razor , continues to have flashbacks , and is left crying some nights by memories of the bloodshed . "  Nothing could prepare you for that , " Bean , a 12-year veteran , told CNN 's Susan Candiotti . "  The worst possible scenes you could think of ... because all there was , was horror . " Bean was diagnosed with PTSD and has not been able to return to work . Six months after the mass shooting , the officer -- who responded to the tragedy on his day off -- was placed on long-term disability , according to Bean and his union . "  That day killed me inside , " he said . Training the brain to stress less A letter from the police department , obtained by CNN , confirmed that he was "  permanently disabled " and could be fired . Bean and his union rep said Newtown could only afford to pay two years of long-term disability . He has a dozen years left on the job before being able to retire . The union that represents Newtown police officers may file a lawsuit . "  The men and women of the Newtown Police Department who did respond that day did their job , " said Scott Ruszczyk , the union president . "  They lived up to their end of their contract . It 's now time for the town to live up to their end . " 5 things to know about PTSD Joe Aresimowicz , the House majority leader in the state General Assembly , said Connecticut covers mental health care for long-term disability claims only if the diagnosis is accompanied by physical injuries . "  We do n't just cover mental injuries , " he said . "  The last thing you want is a first responder getting ready to enter a situation and have them think , ' I wonder what long-term harm this will do me ? ' " In an e-mail , Newtown Police Chief Michael Kehoe declined to discuss the matter . Local officials did not return calls or e-mails seeking comment . Bean told CNN that he broke down in tears after Sandy Hook Elementary School was cleared . He drank and smoked excessively . He even contemplated cutting himself with a razor . "  I did n't want to kill myself but I wanted to feel something , " he said . "  Had no feeling , no sensation , no nothing . " Adam Lanza , 20 , shot and killed 20 young children and six teachers in the school before taking his own life -- a massacre that prompted a national debate over tougher gun laws . Bean said he knew he was in "  deep , deep trouble " after entering a store one day . "  I looked at everyone in that store like they was going to kill me , " he said . "  I could not get out of that store fast enough . I looked around , and there was a crowd of people , and all I saw were flashbacks --  the  firehouse with the families or what I saw that day . " Bean , 38 , who 's married with two children , remains in therapy . He said he is grateful for support from one group in particular , called Save a Warrior . Bean urges others suffering from PTSD to seek help . "  The Save A Warrior program that I went through is free , " he said . "  We even had some law enforcement from LAPD and NYPD go through the program . " Other Newtown police officers were diagnosed with PSTD , but Bean was the only one unable to return to work , union officials said . "  If I had my arm chopped off , they 'd would say , ` Oh yeah , he 's hurt . ' But instead they 're like , ` We can sweep  this  under the rug and not necessarily have to pay because ... it 's not physically seen . ' That 's the problem with PTSD ... people do n't see it , " said Bean , his voice trailing off . Report : Troops filing sexual trauma claims less likely to get PTSD benefits	Newtown police officer , haunted by tragedy , faces termination because of PTSD Thomas Bean has contemplated cutting himself and continues to have flashbacks of the carnage Newtown 's police union may file a lawsuit against the city State covers mental health if it 's accompanied by physical injury , lawmaker says
Aurora , Colorado  CNN  -- The man accused of shooting into a packed movie theater made his first court appearance Monday , giving the public its first look at the 24-year-old former doctoral student since his arrest moments after the gunfire ended early Friday . James E. Holmes , his hair dyed various shades of orange , looked down , then straight ahead . He sat without blinking for long periods . At times , his eyes fluttered , then squeezed tight and reopened in a blank stare . Occasionally , his eyebrows arched over several days of stubble , giving his face a mournful mien . But the dazed-looking man , who identified himself to police as "  The Joker , " wore a maroon jumpsuit over a white T-shirt and gave little indication that he was paying attention to the courtroom procedure that ensured he will continue to be held without bond . Grief counselors offer solace amid tragedy He was then led from the courtroom and back to the Arapahoe County Jail , where he is being held in isolation . Formal charges are expected to be filed on July 30 . Asked whether Holmes was on medication , Arapaho County Undersheriff David C. Walcher said , "  Even if I did know , I could n't tell you . " Inside the courtroom , victims and their relatives watched the proceeding . McKayla Hicks was among them . She was seated in the movie theater next door to the one where the killings occurred when a bullet struck her chin . Though she has largely recovered , she said Monday 's court appearance was not easy to observe . "  Once he walked into the room , it just made everything a lot harder , " she told CNN . "  He just looks like a pathetic freak , " she said . "  I just want him put away forever . " Jordan Ghawi , whose sister Jessica was among the 12 fatalities , was not in the courtroom . "  This guy 's already had his 10 minutes of fame and I do n't need to see the face of the man who 's taken my sister 's life , " he said . "  I was afraid that I may try to get my hands on that man . " He described Holmes as a coward and a genius . "  I do n't believe for a second that he 's sitting there with his wide eyes and pretending to be incoherent , " Ghawi said . "  He knows what he 's doing . " ` You could feel the anger in the room ' "  The charges on which the court found cause included first-degree murder , " Arapahoe County District Attorney Carol Chambers told reporters outside the courthouse . She said prosecutors have a lot of work to do . "  I would say there 's no such thing as a slam-dunk case , " she said . "  We 're still looking at the enormous amount of evidence . " Deciding whether to pursue the death penalty is a long process that involves input from victims and their relatives , she said . A capital case would require a finding of either extreme indifference or deliberation , she said . Holmes is being held in connection with the shootings that also left 58 wounded , and the subsequent discovery of his booby-trapped apartment , which authorities think he rigged before leaving for the Century Aurora 16 multiplex . Authorities have been tight-lipped about a possible motive in the case , and police spokesman Frank Fania told CNN late Sunday that Holmes has been uncooperative with investigators and requested an attorney . Arapahoe County public defender James O'Connor has been assigned to the case . The Colorado Judicial Department declined to say whether Holmes requested a public defender . A telephone call by CNN to O'Connor 's office was not returned . Former colleague shocked that Holmes is theater shooting suspect At the University of Colorado 's Anschutz Medical Campus , administrators told reporters that Holmes took his preliminary examinations on June 7 and initiated his withdrawal from the program three days later . "  It 's very unusual , very unusual for a student to withdraw from our program , " Dean Barry Shur told reporters . Entrance to the program is highly competitive : It generally has 10 applicants for each of the five or six slots that open in any given year , Shur said . Those who are accepted typically have undergraduate grade-point averages of more than 3.6 and Graduate Record Examination scores exceeding 1,200 , he said . Though all applicants undergo background checks , Shur said he was aware of no program that requires that applicants undergo a psychiatric evaluation . Holmes did not divulge his reason for leaving the program . "  That area of the form was left blank , " Shur said . Shur described scientists as "  quirky " people . "  We are trained to challenge authority , to challenge what 's known . " But , he added , "  Every laboratory is a team and no scientist is an island . And they have to function productively with their colleagues . " In addition , students in the school 's doctoral programs "  are very carefully monitored and coached and counseled , " he said . Meanwhile , Lisa Damiani , an attorney representing the Holmes family but not the suspect , said his family members were keeping their location secret . "  I do n't think they would like the media to know where they are , " she said , adding that she feared for their safety . "  They 're doing as well as they can , under the circumstances , " Damiani told reporters at her office in San Diego , California , where the family lives . "  I think everyone can imagine how they 're feeling -- anyone who 's ever been a parent . " She added , "  The family has elected not to discuss James or their relationship with James at this time . " The family issued a statement Friday saying , "  Our hearts go out to those who were involved in this tragedy and to the families and friends of those involved . " It added , "  We are still trying to process this information . " Over the weekend , Aurora Police Chief Daniel Oates told reporters that there was "  evidence of , I think , some calculation and deliberation . " Holmes received deliveries over the past four months at his home and work addresses , which begins to explain how he may have obtained some of the materials used in the attack and those found at his apartment , Oates said . Aurora is bracing for another emotional week as families begin making funeral arrangements . It was not immediately known when the coroner would release the bodies . As of late Monday , at least 15 people remained hospitalized -- five in critical condition -- in four area hospitals . Analysis : Why gun controls are off the agenda in America 5 tips on talking to kids about scary news Massacre suspect spooked gun range manager This story was written by CNN 's Josh Levs in Aurora and Chelsea J. Carter and Tom Watkins in Atlanta . CNN 's Dana Ford , Joe Sutton , Ed Lavandera , Nick Valencia , Kathleen Johnston , Drew Griffin , Don Lemon and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	"  He just looks like a pathetic freak , " shooting survivor says Authorities say James E. Holmes planned the attack for months A public defender has been assigned to represent him Fifteen people remain hospitalized , five in critical condition
For the first time , the U.S. Senate approved legislation that would protect gay , lesbian and transgender employees from discrimination in the workplace . The Employment Nondiscrimination Act , or ENDA , passed the Democratic-led chamber on Thursday , 64 to 32 . Ten Republicans joined 52 Democrats and two Independents in supporting the bill . Four Senators did not vote . Arizona Sens. John McCain and Jeff Flake became the latest GOP members to support the measure . They joined Sens. Dean Heller of Nevada , Orrin Hatch of Utah , Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , Rob Portman of Ohio , Susan Collins of Maine , Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania , and the bill 's co-sponsor , Mark Kirk of Illinois . "  The workplace is simply no place for discrimination , " Collins said before the vote . Opposition in the Republican-controlled House is strong , minimizing any chance the measure will become law . House Speaker John Boehner also opposes it . Still , President Barack Obama urged the House to take the bill up and said he would sign it . "  One party in one house of Congress should not stand in the way of millions of Americans who want to go to work each day and simply be judged by the job they do , " the President said in a statement . "  Now is the time to end this kind of discrimination in the workplace , not enable it . I urge the House Republican leadership to bring this bill to the floor for a vote and send it to my desk so I can sign it into law . " The bill would provide the same protections for LGBT workers as are already guaranteed on the basis of race , gender and religion . It would not be lawful for employers to discriminate based on a person 's "  actual or perceived " sexual orientation or gender identity . Illinois legislature OKs same-sex marriage ENDA 's path began in earnest in 1994 , the first time it was introduced in Congress . Two years later , a version that only protected sexual orientation - and not gender identity - nearly passed the Senate but failed by one vote . The issue was not brought up again for a vote until 2007 when the House passed the narrower version . In 2009 , an ailing Sen. Ted Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , wanted to make sure the issue did n't fall by the wayside . Just months before he died , Kennedy asked newly elected Sen. Jeff Merkley , D-Oregon , to take the reins . Eventually , Merkley approached Kirk to help him get the measure passed . Sexual orientation and Employment Nondiscrimination Act : How we got here Kirk voted for it while in the House and has been a co-sponsor . The two lawmakers lobbied colleagues , leading to Thursday 's Senate vote . Merkley remembered Kennedy 's passion for the legislation , quoting him before final Senate action : "  The promise of America will never be fulfilled as long as justice is denied to even one among us . " But the measure 's path could end in the Senate this year as the Republican-led House appears unlikely to take it up . "  The Speaker believes this legislation will increase frivolous litigation and cost American jobs , especially small business jobs , " Boehner 's spokesman , Michael Steel , said . Chad Griffin , president of the LGBT activist group Human Rights Campaign , had harsh words for Boehner . "  The Speaker , of all people , should certainly know what it 's like to go to work every day afraid of being fired . Instead of letting the far right trample him again , it 's time for Speaker Boehner to stand with the majority of everyday Republican voters and support ENDA , " Griffin said earlier this week . Regardless proponents are applauding Senate action . "  Equality means equality in the workplace , as much as anywhere else in our lives , " said Lisa A. Linsky , trial partner and partner-in-charge of LGBT Diversity and Inclusion at international law firm McDermott Will & Emery LLP . Opinion : It 's ` way past time ' for gay rights law Opponents say ENDA will have "  a chilling effect on free speech as well as religious liberty " by requiring secular businesses who have a moral objection to LGBT people to not discriminate against them . Efforts to expand the religious protection component of the bill to secular businesses failed . The Traditional Values Coalition says passage of ENDA would "  hurt kids . " "  Young students in some states are already being confused by transgender teachers , " a fact sheet by the Traditional Values Coalition read . "  If ENDA passes , students and children in daycare centers all across the nation will be subjected to individuals experimenting with their gender identities . " Twenty-one states currently have laws protecting lesbian and gay workers from discrimination and 17 states protect transgender workers , according to the Human Rights Campaign .	Bill would protect gay , lesbian and transgender employees from workplace discrimination It 's the first time the Senate has passed LGBT worker protections House opposition strong , so chances of it becoming law are slim Ten Republicans vote for the bill in the Senate
CNN  -- Appreciate the apostrophe , salute the semicolon and exalt the exclamation point Friday . It 's National Punctuation Day ! The holiday started when Jeff Rubin , a newsletter publisher and former reporter , grew increasingly frustrated as he spotted errors in the newspaper . "  I would sit at the kitchen table with my red Sharpie ... screaming obscenities , which would upset my wife , " says Rubin , 60 . "  She encouraged me to find another outlet for my aggravation . " In 2004 , he secured a listing for the day in the "  Chase 's Calendar of Events " reference book , and National Punctuation Day was born . This year marks its seventh official celebration . "  The first two years it was on August 22 , because that 's my birthday , " Rubin says . "  I figured if you 're going to start a holiday , you should have it on a day you can remember . " But he moved the festivities to September 24 in 2006 , placing it squarely in the school year and honoring the number of his favorite baseball hero , Willie Mays . The day is n't just for people who get cranky over misplaced commas or hyperventilate over errant hyphens . Rubin says he wanted to help educators remind students that punctuation still matters , even in an age of rapid-fire tweets and text messages . "  We are graduating children from high schools now who can not read and can not write , " he says . "  When these kids get out into the real world , they 're going to be unemployable . " Rubin says thousands of parents , teachers , attorneys and human resources managers have signed up for his newsletter , "  The Exclamation Point ! " He 's not alone in his push for punctuation . " ` Let 's eat Grandma ! ' or , ` Let 's eat , Grandma ! ' Punctuation saves lives , " proclaims a Facebook group that has more than 800,000 followers . And in her book , "  Eats , Shoots & Leaves : The Zero Tolerance Approach to Punctuation , " British author Lynne Truss describes a panda entering a cafe , eating a sandwich , firing a gun and walking out -- all because of a poorly punctuated wildlife manual . Rubin , who lives in a suburb of San Francisco , California , also takes an irreverent approach . His website features photos of prominent punctuation gaffes and a recipe for meatloaf that can be sculpted to look like exclamation points and semicolons . Last year , a baking contest inspired schools to celebrate with pepperoni bread shaped like parentheses and cookies shaped like question marks , Rubin says . This year , a teacher in Illinois has asked her students to write haiku . For people outside the classroom , this Friday offers another excuse to practice proper punctuation : it 's also Love Note Day .	National Punctuation Day is September 24 A former newspaper reporter says he created the day to help educators People have celebrated by baking punctuation-shaped cookies and writing haiku
CNN  -- The National Transportation Safety Board will probe part of the country 's tour bus industry in the wake of a deadly crash in New York last month , two lawmakers announced Sunday . The NTSB will "  launch a broad investigation into the entire safety regime that governs the low-cost tour bus industry , " Sen. Charles Schumer and Rep. Nydia Velazquez said . The two New York Democrats said the decision is the result of their urging following a March 12 accident that killed 15 people . "  March 's bus crash was a tragedy for New York , but these passengers did not have to die in vain , " Schumer said in a statement Sunday . "  A full and comprehensive review of this industry and the safety regulations governing it will no doubt lead to greater safety standards for the thousands of passengers who use these buses every week . " "  By ensuring NTSB thoroughly reviews how this industry is regulated , we can keep passengers safe , while restoring consumers ' confidence in this type of travel , " Velazquez said in the statement . A similar NTSB review of airline safety "  led to major improvements , " the joint statement by the lawmakers ' offices said . Schumer has also asked New York state 's Department of Motor Vehicles to re-examine all drivers of low-cost tour buses for previous safety violations and suspended licenses . If such an audit had taken place before the March 12 crash , it would have shown that the driver "  should n't have been behind the wheel , " Schumer said . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo ordered an investigation into how the driver in the crash , Ophadell Williams , got a commercial license despite having a poor driving record and previous convictions of grand larceny and manslaughter . Records on the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration website showed that the bus line involved -- World Wide Travel -- was involved in a crash in New York in 2009 that resulted in one injury and a crash in New Jersey in 2010 resulting in another . The company has been cited five times for "  fatigued driving " between December 2009 and October 2010 -- twice in New Jersey , twice in Pennsylvania and once in Connecticut , records show . Police said Williams told investigators that the incident occurred the morning of March 12 after he swerved to avoid a tractor-trailer that might have clipped the bus . The bus then flipped on its side and smashed into poles , which cut through two-thirds of the vehicle . Williams has not been charged . His license was suspended on March 17 after the Department of Motor Vehicles turned over to investigators driver license applications that allegedly contained false statements . Two survivors of the Bronx bus accident have filed multimillion-dollar lawsuits against the bus company and against Williams . Yuke Chue Lo and Erold Jean Marie are suing World Wide Tours and Williams for $ 20 million and $ 200 million , respectively . Both passengers ' court papers allege negligence on the part of the bus operating company for allowing Williams behind the wheel , with that resulting in the deadly crash on March 12 . They also allege that Williams was speeding and fell asleep while driving . Williams ' lawyer , Sean H. Rooney , has denied that his client fell asleep behind the wheel . He also said Williams does not drink , smoke or use drugs and had passed three Breathalyzer tests and given a blood sample following the crash . Rooney called his client an "  easy target , " but insisted that he is "  a decent person . " The case has shone light on safety questions surrounding the industry . On one day in March , the state Department of Transportation inspected 14 buses and found violations in every case -- either vehicle violations , which took the buses out of service , or driver violations or both , said agency spokeswoman Deborah Sturm Rausch . The nine driver violations could include anything from a driver with an out-of-date license to one who had logged too many hours on the road , Rausch said . On another day in March , random roadside inspections of 36 commercial buses by troopers resulted in 10 drivers being removed from their buses by their companies and eight traffic tickets issued . None of the vehicles inspected was found inoperable , according to the New York State Department of Transportation .	Sen. Schumer : NTSB investigation will yield greater safety standards Rep. Velazquez : Probe will restore consumer confidence in low-cost tour buses N.Y. governor has ordered investigation into how the driver got a commercial license Two passengers have filed multimillion-dollar lawsuits
CNN  -- Jovan Belcher had been a success story , an underdog done good . An undrafted free agent from the fringes of the college football universe , he not only made the Kansas City Chiefs ' roster , he made his mark -- playing every game since 2009 , rising from special teams ace to starter , recording more and more tackles each season , and winning over teammates and fans along the way . On Saturday , it all came to a bloody end . Belcher first ended his girlfriend 's life , police said , before taking his own just outside the front door of the Chiefs ' practice facility . He and the woman he killed left behind a 3-month-old daughter . Why ? That much no one knows or at least has said publicly , beyond that Belcher and his girlfriend had been fighting of late . "  I am devastated and heart broken , " wrote Jeff Allen , one of several Kansas City players who took to Twitter to express their grief and astonishment . "  I 'm sending prayers to everyone involved . Always show love and never be afraid to talk . " The first sign of trouble came around 7:50 a.m.  8:50 a.m. ET  , when police in Kansas City , Missouri , got a call about a shooting . When officers arrived outside a split-level home in a middle-class neighborhood , a woman came out and told them a younger woman -- later identified as 22-year-old Kasandra Perkins -- "  had been shot by her boyfriend several times , " said police spokesman Darin Snapp . About 20 minutes later , another call came into police . This one was from Arrowhead Stadium , the Chiefs ' home , about "  a person who was in the parking lot , armed with a handgun . " Officers sped over and noticed a black man , talking to several coaches , and holding a gun to his head , Snapp said . "  As the officers pulled up and began to park , that 's when they heard the gunshot . " The bullet went into Belcher 's head , killing him . Opinion : Strong reactions on football player 's murder-suicide From the University of Maine to the NFL The police spokesman initial did n't specify whom the linebacker was talking to before he fired that fatal shot . The league 's website , NFL.com , reported one of them was the team 's head coach , Romeo Crennel . Kansas City Mayor Sly James added that general manager Scott Pioli also witnessed the suicide . "  He knows all the players , he knows that particular player , " James said of Pioli . "  He 's very emotional about this . " What was known about Belcher , prior to Saturday 's apparent murder-suicide , was that he came from Long Island , New York . He was a football standout and especially a star in the sport of wrestling , earning All-America honors in three of his four years at West Babylon High School . Belcher 's next stop was the University of Maine . The school in Orono , in central Maine , is far from a college football hotbed . The Black Bears play in the Football Championship Subdivision , in the college sport 's second tier . In these remote environs , the New York product started every game in four years before graduating with a degree in child development . Some projected him as a late-round pick entering the 2009 draft . That did n't happen . He did catch on with Kansas City as a free agent , though with no guarantees . But the 6-foot-2 , 228-pound Belcher soon made an impression , leading the Chiefs with 17 special-teams tackles his rookie year . Over time , No. 59 emerged as a defense stalwart , starting 44 of the 59 games he played , including each one last season . "  One of everyone 's favorite teammates including one of mine , " Tony Moeaki remarked on Twitter after the news broke Saturday . "  Great great great teammate . " Opinion : Manhood , football and suicide Despite deaths , Chiefs to play Sunday Few , if any , know exactly why and how Belcher 's story ended . But Snapp , the police spokesman , did offer clues . Prior to Saturday , Belcher 's name had never come up with police , nor had officers ever been called to the residence where the first shooting occurred . But later they learned the football player and his late girlfriend "  had been arguing , " including "  before the shooting occurred , " said Snapp . Police arrived Saturday morning to find Perkins , who is originally from Texas , gravely wounded . Snapp said she was transported to a nearby hospital and "  died a short time later . " Sometime after that , Belcher drove about five miles northwest , to Arrowhead Stadium . He was armed , but never pointed the gun at anyone else -- instead thanking coaches for what they 'd done for him , officials told CNN affiliate KCTV . "  The coaches said when he pulled up , they were never in danger . He never threatened them or anything , " Snapp said . "  He talked for a little bit , and then he shot himself . " That gunshot ended Saturday 's saga . It left the baby -- who was inside the Kansas City home , but in another room , when her mother was shot -- without a surviving parent , and she is now with relatives , Snapp said . The area around the stadium and the Chiefs ' abutting practice facility shut down for about an hour after the second shooting . But it should be packed Sunday afternoon . The Chiefs , who were struggling mightily before this and sported a 1-10 record , will play the Carolina Panthers , as scheduled , the NFL announced . Kansas City 's mayor said Saturday he had n't given much thought over whether he felt the game should be canceled or go on . But he has no doubts where members of the Chiefs ' organization stand . "  They think there should be a game tomorrow , " James said . "  I think that they believe there is an obligation to the people of this city , the fans of the team , the fans of the other team to proceed and go forward . " Read more : NFL launches help line for current , former players Engage : NFL star 's death puts spotlight on mental health issues CNN 's Michael Martinez , Melissa Gray and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I am devastated and heart broken , " one Chiefs player tweets NEW : Kansas City 's mayor says the team feels obligated to play Sunday Jovan Belcher fatally shot his girlfriend , with their baby daughter in another room , police say He then shoots himself in front of coaches as officers pull up , police say
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States and Britain praised Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf 's contribution to the war on terror while the Bush administration claimed no role in the leader 's resignation Monday . Pakistan 's Pervez Musharraf has until now stubbornly resisted pressure to quit . A senior State Department official familiar with the situation told CNN U.S. officials were in touch with Musharraf in the week leading up to the resignation . However , the official said , the United States made it clear that it would not get involved in the struggle between Musharraf and the newly elected Pakistani parliament . "  If he made a decision to go , or fight against it -- we did n't advise him either way , " the official said . "  We really did keep our fingers out of this one . " Musharraf is viewed as a keen ally of the West in the fight on terror , receiving billions in military aid from both and launching attacks on militant groups near the country 's border with Afghanistan . Watch Musharraf resign " "  President Musharraf has been a friend to the United States and one of the world 's most committed partners in the war against terrorism and extremism , " said Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice after Musharraf 's announcement . "  We will continue to work with the Pakistani government and political leaders and urge them to redouble their focus on Pakistan 's future and its most urgent needs , including stemming the growth of extremism , addressing food and energy shortages and improving economic stability , " she added . "  The United States will help with these efforts to see Pakistan reach its goal of becoming a stable , prosperous , democratic , modern , Muslim nation . " The Bush administration 's main priority is a crackdown on Taliban and al Qaeda militants in Pakistan 's tribal regions . The administration believes Pakistan 's intelligence service is full of al Qaeda and Taliban loyalists , an accusation Pakistan denies . View a timeline of Musharraf 's time in power " "  There is a great deal of frustration on the part of the U.S. government with Pakistan 's inability to follow through on what the U.S. sees as its clear commitments , " said Robert Grenier , a former CIA counterterrorism official , now a managing director at risk consultation firm Kroll . "  It remains very much to be seen whether this new democratically-elected leadership will really be able to follow through in a sustained and coherent way , " he said . "  They have n't demonstrated an ability to do that . " The United States has stepped up missile strikes inside Pakistan , killing dozens of militants , and head of the Army , Gen. Ashfaq Kiyani , is now the United States ' closest ally in power . But some experts warn that U.S. pressure could go too far . "  The U.S. military has to be extremely cautious , " said Rick Barton , a director and adviser with the non-profit Center for Strategic and International Studies who is a former U.N. and U.S. official . "  It could actually be setting the torch to the kindling inside the country . " Musharraf told the nation in a televised address Monday that he would step down -- nearly nine years after he seized power in a bloodless coup in 1999 . "  I do n't want the people of Pakistan to slide deeper and deeper into uncertainty , " he said . Until now , Musharraf , 65 , had stubbornly resisted pressure to resign . But his once-considerable power eroded significantly since February 's election that pushed his party out of power . That pressure increased in the past few weeks as the new ruling party began making plans to impeach him . Only time will tell whether the power shift will benefit Pakistan , but "  it puts a lot more responsibility squarely on the government . There is no more excuse any more . They have to stand up and do things . They ca n't blame Musharraf , " the State Department official said . The official said Musharraf is n't expected to try to undermine the government . "  I really do n't think he has been a factor for six months , " the official said . "  He has n't been able to do that while he was in the presidency , and he wo n't be as well-positioned -LSB- out of the presidency -RSB- to interfere . " Mohammedmian Soomro , the chairman of the upper house of the National Assembly , stepped into the president 's role and will act as caretaker until a new president is chosen , which is expected to be in the next few weeks . Under Pakistan 's constitution , the president is elected by a majority vote of Pakistan 's four provincial assemblies and the two houses of the National Assembly . Since Musharraf 's resignation , the United States had n't yet spoken to the government under newly elected Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gillani , who visited Washington late last month . In a statement released by U.S. National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe , President George W. Bush said it was committed to a "  strong Pakistan that continues its efforts to strengthen democracy and fight terror . " "  President Bush looks forward to working with the Government of Pakistan on the economic , political and security challenges they face . " British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said it was strongly committed to its alliance with Pakistan following Musharraf 's resignation . He praised Musharraf 's economic and security achievements , described Pakistan as a "  vital friend " and said Britain 's aid program for the country would continue . Meanwhile , an Afghanistan government spokesman said Musharraf 's resignation would be good for Afghanistan . The Indian government said in a statement that it had no comment to make . "  This is an internal matter of Pakistan . " Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Pervez Musharraf tells nationwide audience he will resign as president U.S. and Britain praise Musharraf for his contribution to ` war on terror ' Both promise continued aid and support for Pakistan
Hornets have killed dozens of people in China and injured more than 1,500 with their powerful venomous sting . The Asian giant hornet , known scientifically as Vespa mandarinia , carries a venom that destroys red blood cells , which can result in kidney failure and death , said Justin O. Schmidt , an entomologist at the Southwest Biological Institute in Tucson , Arizona . But perhaps a bigger problem than the toxicity of the venom is allergy , Schmidt says . Some people are naturally more allergic to stinging insects than others ; a sting can trigger a deadly anaphylactic reaction , which may involve airway closure or cardiac arrest . Since July , hornet attacks have killed 42 people and injured 1,675 people in three cities in Shaanxi province , according to the local government . Among those attacked , 206 are receiving treatment in hospitals . What are these hornets ? In person , the Asian giant hornet , which is the largest hornet species in the world , looks like "  the wasp analog of a pit bull " with "  a face that looks like you just ca n't reason with it , " said Christopher K. Starr , professor of entomology at University of West Indes in Trinidad & Tobago . These hornets are found throughout East and Southeast Asia , in countries such as in China , Korea , Japan , India and Nepal . And they 're big . The giant hornet extends about 3.5 to 3.9 centimeters in length  1.4 to 1.5 inches  , roughly the size of a human thumb , and it has black tooth used for burrowing , according to an animal database at the University of Michigan . The queens are even bigger , with bodies that can grow longer than 5 centimeters  2 inches  . The species feed their young the larvae of other insects and use their mandibles to sever the limbs and heads of their prey . The giant hornets are attracted to human sweat , alcohol and sweet flavors and smells . They are especially sensitive to when animals or people run , according to Xinhua . Every breeding season , the giant hornets produce an average of 1,000 to 2,000 offspring , Schmidt said . They feast on other insects such as wasps and bees , launching coordinated attacks on the hives of their prey . Most hornet hives or nests are tucked away in secluded places , such as tree hollows or even underground . "  It 's very difficult to prevent the attacks , because hornet nests are usually in hidden sites , " said Shunichi Makino , director general of the Hokkaido Research Center for Forestry and Forest Products Research Institute in Japan . Asian giant hornets and other terrifying creatures What is the human impact ? Over the summer and early fall , hornets have invaded schools full of children and descended upon unsuspecting farm workers in China . One of them is Mu Conghui , who was attacked in Ankang City while looking after her millet crop . "  The hornets were horrifying , " she told Xinhua , the Chinese state-run news agency . "  They hit right at my head and covered my legs . All of a sudden , I was stung , and I could n't move . "  Even now , my legs are covered with sting holes . " Two months , 13 dialysis treatments and 200 stitches later , Mu still remains hospitalized and unable to move her legs . Makino , who specializes in entomology , warned that the sting from an Asian giant hornet was severe compared with those of other insects . The influx of venom to the human body can cause allergic reactions and multiple organ failure , leading to death . Patients like Mu have been receiving dialysis to remove the toxins from their bodies . In photos , patients bore deep , dark craters scattered across their limbs , the size of bullet wounds . Dr. Wang Xue , director of the intensive care unit at First Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an Jiaotong University and an expert of the provincial hornet sting treatment guidance unit , warned in a Shaanxi government release that hornets tend to be aggressive and more active during September and October , their breeding season . The hornets do not go into hibernation until December , according to local government authorities . Local authorities have deployed thousands of police officers and locals to destroy the hives . About 710 hives have been removed and at least 7 million yuan  about $ 1.1 million U.S.  sent to areas affected by hornets , according to a government press release . Why so many attacks now ? The spate of attacks could be caused by the unusually dry weather in the area , authorities say . The arid environment makes it easier for hornets to breed . Urbanization could also be a contributing factor , as humans move into hornets ' habitats . Some experts cited in Xinhua stated additional factors such as increased vegetation and a decrease in the hornets ' enemies , such as spiders and birds , because of ecological changes . In other words , it 's a good season for the hornet population , which makes it a bad season for people who encounter them . The provincial government of Shaanxi has warned residents to wear long sleeves when outdoors and not to attempt to drive the swarms away or remove the hives . Japan is familiar with Asian giant hornet stings , too . About 30 to 50 deaths are reported each year in Japan from such attacks , according to Japanese studies . Most of the deaths are due to allergies to the venom , Makino said . The giant hornets are also destructive to western honeybees . Research in Japan suggests that tens of thousands of honeybee hives are damaged by the giant hornets each year . How to protect yourself People run into trouble when these hornets form a nest : a basketball-shaped nest that looks like it 's made of gray paper , sometimes under an eave , Schmidt said . If you disturb one of these , or happen to whack a tree that has a nest in it , the hornets may respond as if they 're under attack . Humans can get themselves in danger by reacting poorly to these large hornets . If you see a nest or a hive , just avoid it , Schmidt says . If one of them buzzes around you , do n't panic . "  Do n't flap or scream or freak out , " he advised . "  Just calmly walk away . " One victim told local media this month that "  the more you run , the more they want to chase you . " Some victims described being chased about 200 meters  656 feet  by a swarm . An area of research that has n't been explored is how many people get stung by these hornets while taking down a nest in order to use the larvae as fish bait , or even to eat . The larvae do not have venom , Schmidt explained . But in general , people should not tamper with these nests . As powerful as their sting can be , it is highly unlikely that these hornets would travel all the way to the United States to find a new home , Schmidt said , or in the United Kingdom for that matter . To go to Western Europe , they 'd have to cross some "  nasty deserts " to which they are not adapted . As deadly as live adult giant hornets can be , some people do n't shy away from them altogether . There is a sports drink in Japan called VAAM that incorporates amino acids derived from hornets . In Taiwan , where the giant hornet is known as the "  tiger head , " the insect is sometimes used in alcoholic drinks , Starr said , the idea being that "  the essence of this great big strong hornet will go out into the booze , and when you drink it , you 'll become strong . " That 's one way to get a buzz .	Hornet stings have killed 42 people and injured 1,675 in China since July Shaanxi province sees unusual level of activity ; dry weather , human moves are factors People who have been stung are dying from allergic reactions or multiple organ failure Type of hornet is also a threat to honeybees , often seen in Japan
It 's a blazingly warm day in Rio de Janeiro and people flock to the Copacabana beach for a swim in the sea and a round of volleyball . The World Cup and the Olympic and Paralympic Games are approaching , and from high above , the iconic Christ the Redeemer statue is watching over the city . But there are others watching , too . Not far away from the bustling scene at Copacabana , city employees in white jumpsuits are making sure the 6.3 million Cariocas -- Rio locals -- are safe . Sitting in front of a wall of screens , they collect and analyze real-time data of what 's going on in the city . Here , they can identify and help prevent anything from landslides to traffic jams . This is the master control of the city -- the Operations Center . Its control room boasts an 80 square meter high-definition video wall -- the biggest in Latin America . Combined with the identical white jumpsuits everyone 's sporting , it could very well be straight out of NASA . "  It 's like our Big Brother , not in a private sense but in a sense where we can watch everything that is going on , that 's happening in the city , " Rio 's mayor Eduardo Paes told CNN during a tour of the state-of-the-art Operations Center . A smarter city welcomes the world Brazil 's growing economy and the fact that Rio will host the World Cup in 2014 and the Olympic and Paralympic Games in 2016 have reinforced the city 's focus on sustainable initiatives . The mayor 's vision is very clear : he plans to make Rio safer and to improve its infrastructure . The Operations Center means that the mayor now has more information about his city that he can use towards other initiatives . "  I sleep better thanks to it . The worst thing is not having the information , to not have the tools to act . But we do now , " Paes says . Read more : Mayor 's dream big , redefine urban living The video wall in the center displays live information from 560 cameras , a weather forecasting system and a smart map capable of analyzing 60 different layers of data streamed from sensors around the city . The mayor commissioned IBM to set up the Operations Center in 2010 , following a storm that killed 68 people . "  We integrated more than 20 city agencies into one central command center , decreasing emergency response times by 30 % , " says Michael Dixon , head of Smarter Cities for IBM Globally . Paes explains that it was tough to manage the city before the Operations Center was built , since the different departments were spread all over the city . Now they can quickly find solutions to help manage everyday life . "  It 's the place where we gather the minds of the city , we gather the departments but we also gather the technology . I would call that a technological center or urban app or urban technology , " he says . The landslides wo n't bring us down Rio is surrounded by many steep hillsides on which most of its favelas , the shanty towns , are built . Up to 20 % of Rio 's inhabitants live in favelas , and many of them are at risk of landslides . "  We have a history of big floods because of heavy rains and big landslides , especially during summer time , " says Paes . Rio has hundreds of favelas and the city authorities have launched a regeneration project called ` Morar Carioca ' that aims to "  urbanize " them all by 2020 -- improving the infrastructure in the favelas and integrating them better with the city . "  We use it as a laboratory for new experiments on environmental and environmentally friendly public things , " Paes says of the project . Read more : Brazil 's catadores turn trash into art But until the favelas are urbanized and safe , the city relies on the Operations Center . So far , Paes is confident his city vision is paying off . "  It 's amazing because I would say that the biggest benefits are the bad things that do n't happen , that wo n't come to reality because of it . "	Rio de Janeiro has a greenhouse gas emission of 2.1 tonnes per capita 1.4 million people live in the shanty towns , called favelas The Operations Center was built in 2010 following a storm that killed 68 people
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met for more than three hours Tuesday evening amid a dispute over Israel 's decision to build new Jewish housing on disputed land in East Jerusalem . The Obama administration has pushed to restart peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians and has called on Israel to stop building settlements on territory it captured in the 1967 Mideast war . Netanyahu 's meeting at the White House came the day after he defended his government 's plans to build new housing units in East Jerusalem , a move that has strained ties with Israel 's largest ally . Netanyahu got to the White House at 5:30 p.m. , and he conferred with Obama for nearly 90 minutes in the Oval Office , from 5:34 to 7:03 p.m. . A White House official said the president then went to his residence and Netanyahu remained at the White House to consult with his staff in the Roosevelt Room . Netanyahu requested another meeting with Obama , who returned to the Oval Office to meet with Netanyahu from 8:20 p.m. to 8:55 p.m. , said the official , who requested anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss details of the meeting . Netanyahu left the White House at 9:05 p.m. without speaking to reporters at a stakeout . The Israeli leader arrived after a show of solidarity with leaders of Congress from both parties , during which he thanked the U.S. lawmakers for their "  constant support " and "  unflagging " friendship . "  Even though the challenges are immense , our will and our partnership is also immense , " Netanyahu said at an appearance with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , and House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  We have no stronger ally anywhere in the world than Israel and we all know that we 're in a difficult moment , but I 'm glad the prime minister is here ... so we can have an open and straightforward dialogue about how we can provide more security for our friends in Israel and do everything we can to make sure that the Iranians have no ability to develop a nuclear weapon , " Boehner said . Pelosi told reporters that Congress speaks with "  one voice " on the subject of Israel . "  Together we remain committed to advancing the peace process , preserving Israel 's security , responsible sanctions against Iran , " she said . Netanyahu 's visit to Washington comes as Israel and the United States find themselves at odds over Israel 's plan to build new housing on disputed land in East Jerusalem -- a plan he defended sharply Monday night . Israel 's announcement two weeks ago that it plans to build 1,600 apartments in an area claimed by both Israelis and Palestinians came amid an Obama administration push for new Israeli-Palestinian talks , but Netanyahu told the American Israel Public Affairs Committee that "  the connection between the Jewish people and Jerusalem can not be denied . " "  The Jewish people were building Jerusalem 3,000 years ago , and the Jewish people are building Jerusalem today , " he told AIPAC , the leading pro-Israel lobby in the United States , to prolonged applause . "  Jerusalem is not a settlement . It is our capital . " Palestinian leaders have refused to rejoin peace talks until Israel freezes the construction of Jewish settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem . But Netanyahu said "  everyone knows " the neighborhoods where the new housing units will be built "  will be part of Israel in any peace settlement , " and the new construction "  in no way precludes the possibility of a two-state solution . " The State Department carefully avoided criticism of Netanyahu on Tuesday . State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters the United States would continue conversations with Israel and efforts to create "  an atmosphere of trust " between Israel and the Palestinians . "  Do we see eye to eye on everything ? No , " Crowley told reporters at the State Department . "  Are we satisfied with the exchange and the seriousness the prime minister has taken our concerns on board ? We are . And this is a conversation that has involved the secretary and obviously today will involve the president as well . " Netanyahu met Monday with Vice President Joe Biden and with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who has called the Israeli announcement insulting . In her own speech to AIPAC , she said the U.S. commitment to Israel 's security was "  rock-solid " -- but added that as "  Israel 's friend , it is our responsibility to give credit when it is due and to tell the truth when it is needed . " "  We objected to this announcement because we are committed to Israel and its security , which we believe depends on a comprehensive peace -- because we are determined to keep moving forward along a path that ensures Israel 's future as a secure and democratic Jewish state living in peace with its Palestinian and Arab neighbors , " Clinton said . The United States is Israel 's leading ally and provides nearly $ 3 billion a year in aid to the Jewish state , about three-quarters of which goes to purchase U.S. military equipment . AIPAC has called on the Obama administration to step back from its "  public demands and unilateral deadlines directed at Israel , " but Clinton defended the administration 's call for Israel to stop building in largely Arab East Jerusalem . Dan Meridor , Israel 's deputy prime minister , told CNN 's "  Amanpour " that construction on the project announced earlier this month would not begin for at least two years , "  according to the normal process of planning . " "  So this is really not a problem now , " Meridor said . CNN 's Charley Keyes and Alison Harding contributed to this report .	Obama , Netanyahu met for more than three hours at the White House on Tuesday Earlier , Netanyahu met with leaders of Congress from both parties in a show of solidarity U.S.-Israeli relations hit rough patch after row over future building in East Jerusalem PM : "  Connection between the Jewish people and Jerusalem can not be denied "
CNN  -- Sara Hammon saw some of her sisters pulled out of school to be married to men they did n't know . She dreaded a similar fate . And so , she ran away from home before she was old enough to drive legally . Sara Hammon says the prospect of an arranged marriage was "  like marching to the guillotine . " She left behind 19 mothers , 74 siblings , and a father she says could never remember her name , even though he repeatedly molested her . And , she left behind a culture she says was oppressive for young women . Hammon recently gave CNN a deeply disturbing account of her life inside the polygamous sect whose leader , Warren Jeffs , goes on trial this week in Utah . Jeffs is accused of being an accomplice to rape . The charge stems from his alleged practice of arranging polygamous marriages between child brides and older male followers . Hammon is not directly involved in the charges against Jeffs , which concern an arranged marriage between a girl , 14 and her 19-year-old cousin . She left the sect before she could be placed in an arranged marriage . But she is one of its most outspoken former members . Watch Hammon describe her escape from a closed world " "  Probably the worst part of the whole theology , " she said , " is the treatment of women and teaching women that they are not equal to men . " "  They have to have a husband in order to get to the highest degree of heaven , and not only a husband but they have to allow the husband to have two other wives , " she added . Hammon was born in Hilldale , Utah , and raised in Colorado City , Arizona , towns where followers of Jeffs -- the President and Prophet , Seer and Revelator of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints  FLDS  -- freely practice polygamy . Hear the words of the prophet " The FLDS broke more than a century ago from the mainline Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , based in Salt Lake City , Utah , over the practice of polygamy . The Mormon church , which gave up plural marriage more than a century ago , has renounced Jeffs ' group . Hammon was the first 14-year-old girl to successfully leave the FLDS , she said . Almost 20 years later , she recalls the time she spent inside the compound as being filled with fear . She speaks out as part of her work with The Hope Organization , a non-profit group based in St. George , Utah , that assists victims of abusive polygamous relationships . "  There was a tremendous amount of abuse in our home , " Hammon said . "  It happened on a daily basis and there was all kinds : sexual , physical , emotional , mental . My brothers were sexually abusive . Some of my mothers were physically abusive . " But it was her father -- an FLDS church leader -- who terrified her . He began sexually abusing her before she turned 5 , Hammon said . He even tried to molest her on his deathbed when she was 13 , she said . "  For me , he was a very mean person . I did n't know him while we lived in the same house for 13 years and he had to ask me my name every time he saw me . "  In fact , the question he would ask is , ` What is your name and who is your mother ? ' and that was the only way he could identify that I was his child , " Hammon said . Three of her older sisters were placed in marriages before they finished high school , including one who was 16 when she married a 62-year-old man , Hammon said . She recalled that one sister had two days notice before her wedding . Hammon said girls in the compound were prepared for a similar destiny all their lives , but she knew from a young age she did n't want any part of it . "  It was like marching to the guillotine because I saw pictures of my mother before she got married and she was just so confident . "  Her posture was just excellent and she had a beautiful face and smile ... and then I watched her deteriorate after she got married and I watched her go through so much emotional pain and that was what I felt was in store for me if I got married , " she said . Hammon described her father 's wives as second-class citizens in the household who became shells of themselves the moment he came into the room . She called it mind control . Her mother had more than two dozen nervous breakdowns , she said . "  I do n't know how a woman can allow another woman to come into her home and cook some supper up with the family for her and go to bed with her husband that night and respect herself . "  I do n't see how that is possible . You have to let a part of yourself go . A part of something in you , you have to squash that down in order to live with that every day , " she said . It was a fate Hammon escaped with the help of a family she 'd been babysitting for outside the compound . About a year after her father died , she asked them if she could stay and they agreed . Hammon says her mother did n't believe she could stop her . Almost two decades later , the memories of her childhood haunt her . Hammon said she does n't date much . "  I watched my mom just die emotionally and I relate that to marriage , " she said . Still , she does n't entirely blame Jeffs for what she went through inside the FLDS community . "  I think that Warren Jeffs is the fall guy for something that has been going on for generations , " Hammon said . "  Warren Jeffs is just a person to focus on . This system is a well-oiled machine , there 's always going to be somebody to step up and take his place . What he has done is terrible ... but I know a lot of other men who were out there and in charge who did some pretty terrible things too . Nobody was paying attention then , " she said . Jeffs was captured August 28 , 2006 , in a traffic stop near Las Vegas , Nevada . At the time , he had been on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List for months . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Randi Kaye contributed to this story .	Sara Hammon says women were told marriage was their ticket to heaven Hammon says she was sexually abused by her father and brothers She describes her father 's 19 wives as second-class citizens in the household Hammon left the community when she was 14 years old
Washington  CNN  -- In 1980 , Nelson Mandela was sitting in a South African prison cell , serving a life sentence . On the other side of the world , a young college student named Barack Obama was riveted by the anti-apartheid movement in South Africa and the brewing crusade to free the renowned activist . Little did they know that nearly three decades later , the two would have something in common : They would be the first elected black presidents in their respective countries . U.S. President Barack Obama has made it no secret that he considers Nelson Mandela one of the greatest influences -- if not the greatest -- in his life and in the lives of countless others . Throughout his first five years in office , he has repeatedly referenced Mandela , either invoking quotes from the anti-apartheid icon or spreading his messages of freedom and equality . "  We have lost one of the most influential , courageous , and profoundly good human beings that any of us will share time with on this earth , " the President said Thursday while marking Mandela 's death . "  He no longer belongs to us -- he belongs to the ages . " Left and right use Mandela 's death as opportunity to bash their favorite bogeymen Answering a ` call ' At Occidental College in Los Angeles around 1980 , Obama first forayed into political activism â $ " a protest against apartheid . It was the beginning of what would become years of studying Mandela 's speeches and writings . "  In the most modest of ways , I was one of those people who tried to answer his call , " he wrote in the forward to Mandela 's 2010 memoir "  Conversations with Myself . " Obama has acknowledged that none of the obstacles he faced growing up compared to those of the victims in South Africa , but Mandela 's "  example helped awaken  Obama  to the wider world , " he wrote in the forward . "  Through his choices , Mandela made it clear that we did not have to accept the world as it is -- that we could do our part to seek the world as it should be , " he added . In his own book , "  Dreams of my Father , " Obama recalls giving his first public speech , in which he made a plea for the trustees at Occidental to divest from South Africa . "  I really wanted to stay up there , to hear my voice bouncing off the crowd and returning back to me in applause . " Following his involvement with the demonstrations , Obama began pursuing his interests in public policy , transferring to Columbia University where he dug deep into books and courses about race and social justice . After graduation , he became a community organizer in Chicago . Making history When Mandela was released from prison in 1990 , Obama was well into law school at Harvard and getting ready to start the next phase of his career . Mandela 's funeral , farewell plans : a day by day breakdown That same month , Obama made history of his own â $ " though on a much smaller scale . He became the first African-American president of the Harvard Law Review , a story big enough to elicit a headline in the New York Times . In his interview with the Times , Obama said , " I personally am interested in pushing a strong minority perspective . I 'm fairly opinionated about this , " he said . "  But as president of the law review , I have a limited role as only first among equals . " Four years after graduating law school , and not long after Mandela won a Nobel Peace Prize and was elected president , Obama published "  Dreams of my Father " in 1995 . In the memoir , he lumped Mandela in with a group of men whose attributes Obama aspired to emulate . "  It was into my father 's image , a black man , son of Africa , that I 'd packed all the attributes I sought in myself , the attributes of Martin and Malcolm , DuBois and Mandela , " he wrote . A year later , Obama was elected to the Illinois state Senate , a path that would set him on a fast-moving track that landed him a spot on the presidential ballot just 12 years later . ' A personal hero ' As Obama made his way up the political ladder , Mandela was continuing to spread his influence , campaigning for justice and human rights around the world . He did n't seek reelection in 1999 -- keeping his promise to serve only one term -- and he became intimately involved with AIDS awareness , a disease that killed his son at the age of 55 in 2005 . Obama met Mandela for the first time in 2005 . Obama , a senator at the time , was riding to a Washington event when his office called ; Mandela was in town and asked to see him . The two men met at the Four Seasons Hotel . Obama : Mandela was influential , courageous After that , Obama and Mandela had occasional interactions and conversations , including a phone call from Mandela after Obama was elected president in 2008 . Obama called Mandela in 2010 after his great-granddaughter was killed in a car crash . While Obama considered Mandela a champion , he frequently noted he was not alone in his views about the icon . "  He 's a personal hero , but I do n't think I 'm unique in that regard , " he said in Senegal . "  I think he 's a hero for the world . " During his first year in the Oval Office , Obama was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize -- a decision that sparked controversy , considering that his career on the world stage was only at its infancy at that point . Obama was keenly aware of where he stood in line . "  Compared to some of the giants of the history who 've received this prize , Schweitzer and King , Marshall and Mandela , my accomplishments are slight , " he said in his acceptance speech , also paying tribute to those who were suffering in their respective fights for freedom and justice around the world . "  I can not argue with those who find these men and women -- some known , some obscure to all but those they help -- to be far more deserving of this honor than I. " ` That 's what brings me back here ' On a trip to Africa this summer , Obama and his family visited Mandela 's cell on Robben Island , a spot Obama visited as a senator in 2006 . But this time , he got to bring his two daughters , Sasha and Malia . Life under apartheid : demeaning , often brutal "  For me to be able to bring my daughters there and teach them the history of that place and this country ... that 's a great privilege and a great honor , " Obama told students at the University of Cape Town in June . With Mandela gravely ill , Obama did not get to visit him during his trip ; he met with Mandela 's family instead . While in South Africa , Obama noted the "  outpouring of love " for Mandela , saying it spoke to "  the yearning for justice and dignity that transcends boundaries of race and class and faith and country . " "  That 's what Nelson Mandela represents , " he said at a town hall-style meeting with young people in Soweto . "  That 's what South Africa , at its best , can represent to the world , and that 's what brings me back here . " CNN 's Gabriella Schwarz , Brianna Keilar and Faith Karimi contributed to this report	Obama has said he considers Mandela one of -- if not the -- greatest influence in his life In "  Dreams of my Father , " Obama recalls pleading with college trustees to divest from South Africa Obama met Mandela for the first time in 2005 With Mandela gravely ill , Obama did not get to visit him during his last trip to South Africa
Coral Gables , Florida  CNN  Former President Bill Clinton on Saturday defended his family foundation 's practice of taking money from foreign countries , arguing that while he does n't agree with all of the policies of countries that contributed , he feels the foundation has "  done a lot more good than harm . " The Clinton Foundation admitted last month that a 2010 donation from the Algerian government was not properly approved under the guidelines the Obama administration put in place with the foundation when Hillary Clinton became secretary of state in 2009 . Bill Clinton defended the donations as something that went to worthwhile projects . "  The UAE -LSB- United Arab Emirates -RSB- gave us money . Do we agree with everything they do ? No . But they are helping us fight ISIS and they built a great university with NYU open to people around the world , " Clinton said at a foundation event in Florida . "  Do I agree with all the foreign policy of Saudi Arabia ? No . " Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates and Oman are among the countries that donated to the Clinton Foundation . Clinton continued : "  You 've got to decide when you do this work , whether it will do more good than harm if someone helps you from another country . ... I believe we have done a lot more good than harm . " The story became a controversy for the Clintons , one where even some Democrats questioned the practice . Hillary Clinton is the party 's presidential frontrunner in 2016 and is expected to announce her presidential aspirations next month . Republicans jumped on board the story , too , using it to question the Clintons ' ethics and whether , as president , she would give preferential treatment to countries that have donated to the foundation . Democrats that did publicly defend the Clintons noted that the foundation disclosed all of their donation on their website . On Saturday , Clinton did the same . "  My theory about all this is disclose everything . And then let people make their judgments , " Clinton said . "  I 'm going to tell you who gave us money and you can make your own decisions . " Clinton concluded his defense of the foundation , stating that he thinks organizations should "  bring people together across great divides , around things that they can agree on and find something to do to make peoples lives better . " The Clinton Foundation was founded by Bill Clinton after he left the presidency in 2001 . To date , the foundation has raised over $ 2 billion that goes toward a wide variety of projects , including health and wellness , economic development and leveling the playing field for women and girls . Many of their projects focus on international issues , such as rebuilding Haiti after the 2010 earthquake and providing access to low-cost HIV and AIDS treatment . Those were primarily the projects backed by foreign countries . The former president 's comments were the only moment any Clinton mentioned the foreign fundraising controversy . Neither Hillary or Chelsea Clinton mentioned the issue . At no point Saturday did any of the Clintons address the fact that Hillary Clinton exclusively used a private email account for the four years she served as America 's top diplomat , a practice that skirted legal standards in place . The former secretary of state spent 18 minutes on stage Saturday and did n't mention question about her email , instead focusing on the foundation and a new report they will put out on women and girls participation . That did n't bother the over 1,000 overachieving millennials at the Clinton Global Initiative University meeting who could n't have cared less about the swirling email and fundraising controversies that have defined the Clintons the last few weeks . Saturday 's event is the university-focused branch of the Clinton Foundation . It brings philanthropic minded students from around the world together to talk about their projects and pitch the foundation for funding . This year brought together students looking to do a wide variety of things , from increasing women 's inclusion in science and math fields to harvesting potable water from fog . In total , the foundation will hand out $ 900,000 to the different students . The general sense among the event attendees was : "  What controversies ? " "  I am here for me . I am here for learning , exploring , meeting new people and expanding my knowledge about nonprofit management and social change , " said Armel Arnaud Nibasumba , a Middlebury College student born and raised in Burundi . "  I do n't really care if they address those political issues that are going on . " A few students , including Victoria Arild from Menlo College , said they had n't heard of the controversies . "  I am here because my college , I had the privilege of them funding me , " she said , before shrugging off questions about the email issues .	Clinton Foundation has taken money from foreign governments Bill Clinton : "  I believe we have done a lot more good than harm "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- At least six militants -- strapped with explosives-laden vests -- stormed a provincial governor 's compound in central eastern Afghanistan Sunday , killing at least 19 other people , officials said . The six militants also died , bringing the death toll to 25 . As many as 37 others were wounded as militants , one of whom was disguised as a police officer , battled security guards and police in and around the high-security complex that houses Parwan governor Abdul Basir Salangi , according to provincial council head Ahmad Zaki Zahid and Mer Alam , a local hospital spokesman . Salangi is alive and the gun-battle between insurgents and security forces has ended , said Roshan Khalid , the governor 's spokesman . Five of the militants detonated their vests and the sixth was gunned down by police . One of the attackers -- riding atop a motorbike -- detonated his vest at the building 's main security gate , allowing the remaining militants to enter the compound in an attack the Taliban has since taken responsibility for . NATO gunships circled overhead as Afghan security forces responded to the strike , according to Capt. Justin Brockhoff , a spokesman for the NATO-led International Assistance Security Force . But the helicopters , he said , did not open fire . Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned Sunday 's attack , saying 14 civilians had been killed along with five other police officers . "  This is another example of the despicable behavior by insurgents , " said Rear Admiral Hal Pittman , an ISAF spokesman . "  Violent attacks that wound and kill civilians are not acceptable in any religion or culture . " The strike is the latest in a series of high-profile Taliban attacks in the group 's near decade-long war against NATO and Afghan forces . It comes just as international forces are drawing down and transferring security responsibilities over to local and national control . Suicide attacks -- along with roadside bombs -- have increasingly become a hallmark of Taliban-style strikes . Last month , the governor of Uruzgan province narrowly escaped an insurgent attack after militants penetrated his compound . NATO helicopters also supported local security forces in responding to that incident , which left 19 people dead and 37 wounded . Ten children and a local journalist were among those killed in that attack . Also last month , the mayor of neighboring Kandahar City was killed in a suicide attack . High-profile assassinations in recent weeks have targeted allies of President Hamid Karzai 's government . Kabul is still reeling from the July slaying of the president 's half-brother , Ahmed Wali Karzai , who was reportedly killed at the hand of a longtime bodyguard . The Taliban took responsibility for his death , though reports have since circulated suggesting his killing may have been the result of the gunman 's personal grievance . CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report	NEW : 37 wounded in Sunday 's attack , officials said NEW : Attack leaves 25 people , including six militants , dead , officials say NEW : An ISAF spokesman condemns the attack
Al Qaeda appears to have had enough of one of its affiliates fighting in Syria : the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant . The group has been locked in conflict with other Islamist factions and gained a grim reputation for abuses in parts of Syria it controls , including summary executions and mass killings . A statement posted on jihadist forums Sunday and purportedly issued by al Qaeda 's General Command said "  it has no connection with the group " and blamed it for "  the enormity of the disaster that afflicted the Jihad in Syria . " The al Qaeda statement , translated by the SITE Intelligence Group , follows more than a month of intense factional fighting between the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant with other Islamist groups in northern and eastern Syria . The Syrian Observatory of Human Rights says it has documented 1,747 people killed in the past four weeks alone but suspects that the real number is substantially higher . In recent days , the Islamic State has targeted senior figures in other groups . On Sunday , two senior rebel leaders were killed near Aleppo -- along with 14 others -- when an Islamic State member who was supposedly conducting truce negotiations with them blew himself up , according to the Observatory . The previous day , Islamic State fighters assassinated Abu Hussein al Dik , a senior commander in the powerful Suqour al Sham brigade , near the city of Hama . Observers say the internecine fighting has played into the Bashar al-Assad regime 's hands , distracting other Islamist factions from their campaign against the Syrian military . It seems that al Qaeda 's political leadership has signed off on the latest statement disowning the Islamic State . Its publication by As-Sahab , the organization 's official media wing , gives it considerable weight . Laith Alkhouri , senior analyst at Flashpoint Partners , a U.S.-based group that analyzes jihadi pronouncements , says the statement is "  straight to the point and one that leaves no room for doubt : ` ISIL does not represent us ! ' "  The statement indicated that al Qaeda was never consulted or informed about the establishment of such a group and plainly said there is no organizational connection or link " between them , Alkhouri said . From the U.S. point of view , al Qaeda 's move to cut ties to the group is "  unprecedented " in recent history , according to a U.S. official directly familiar with the latest intelligence analysis . He notes that this year , al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri ordered the Islamic State to defer to another affiliate , the al-Nusra Front , as the main al Qaeda organization inside Syria . "  We have n't seen this kind of disobedience before . It 's a strategic affront " to Zawahiri and al Qaeda , the official says . The official notes that Zawahiri has consistently been trying to prove his own importance and relevance to the organization , but this latest statement appears to go beyond that effort to control a rising affiliate . Zawahiri 's exasperation with the Islamic State is well-known . The bad blood between the groups goes back nearly a year . In April , the Islamic State 's leader , Abu Bakr al Baghdadi , suddenly announced its expansion from Iraq into Syria and declared that it was absorbing the al-Nusra Front , which had by then become one of the most effective fighting forces against the Syrian regime . Both al-Nusra and Zawahiri rejected the Islamic State 's takeover attempt . Al-Nusra 's leader said simply that "  the Front 's banner will remain as it is , without changing anything . " In a letter in June , Zawahiri declared that al-Nusra was "  an independent branch of al Qaeda that follows al Qaeda 's General Command " and instructed the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant to disband and return to Iraq . The Islamic State rejected Zawahiri 's instruction , in a rare act of open defiance toward the global leadership of al Qaeda . An audio message attributed to Baghdadi said , "  We will not compromise , and we will not give up . " Al-Nusra and fighters from the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant continued to cooperate on a local level , but tensions between the two groups over objectives and methods continued . Other Islamist factions complained that the Islamic State was more interested in setting up its own emirate in northern Syria than in fighting the al-Assad regime . The Islamic State has begun imposing sharia law in towns it controls like Raqa and Azaz , forcing women to wear the full veil , or niqab , in public and banning music . That complaint is echoed in the statement from the General Command , which says , "  We do not rush to announce emirates and states over which the scholars of the mujahedeen and their command and the rest of the mujahedeen and the Muslims did not consult . " Pressure on the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has mounted in the past two months , especially with the formation of an umbrella group of Islamist fighting groups called the Islamic Front . Observers say the Front can probably marshal between 40,000 and 50,000 fighters . While cooperating quietly with al-Nusra , it has been involved in clashes with fighters from the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant . An influential cleric among Syrian jihadists , Sheikh Adnan Al-Arour , has even suggested that some Islamic State members are working for the Syrian mukhabarat or secret police . Al-Arour said in December , "  We are not accusing everyone in ISIS to be agents , but the majority of your commanders are indeed . " There also appears to have been internal dissent in the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant . A video appeared on Islamist websites in December announcing a "  corrective movement within the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria . " Last month , Zawahiri renewed his appeal for unity among jihadist groups in Syria , saying in an audio message , "  Our hearts are bleeding , the heart of our Islamic nation is bleeding when we see the internal strife among the mujahedeen in Syria . " Islamic State leader Baghdadi responded in less than contrite terms , saying his "  fighters will defend themselves from attacks , and asking elements from opposition groups in Iraq and Syria to repent or suffer consequences . " His appeal was taken up by a prominent figure in jihadist circles , Muhammad al Mohaisany . A Saudi said to be a key financier of radical Syrian factions , Mohaisany announced that he would try to mediate between the rival groups . But in an audio statement released Sunday , he turned on the Islamic State , saying it had "  rejected the initiative that was accepted by all the other factions to stop the bloodshed of Muslims in Syria . " Mohaisany 's views are echoed in another statement issued by As-Sahab and attributed to a senior al Qaeda ideologue , Muhammad Mahmoud al-Bahtitit . He stresses that "  there is no way to manage this definitive battle in the history of the Ummah except by unifying with the good people under a pure banner that everyone agrees with and is not enforced upon them . " Flashpoint 's Alkhouri sees that as directed at the Islamic State . Despite being ostracized by fellow jihadists , the Islamic State seems confident of its destiny . According to Brian Fishman of the New America Foundation , "  The ISIL is also bringing in much larger numbers of foreign fighters , including approximately 900 Europeans , many of whom are learning to use sophisticated weapons and small unit tactics . " Chechens , Turks and many fighters from other Arab countries have also joined the group . Fishman said in December that the tensions between the Islamic State and other groups represent a deepening rift in al Qaeda . "  ISIL is the most direct descendant of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi  who led al Qaeda in Iraq until his death in 2006  and the violence-first , absolutist strain of al Qaeda . The conflict between these groups is indicative of larger tensions in the al Qaeda enterprise . " Alkhouri sees the next stage of this conflict as bringing al-Nusra and groups within the Islamic Front closer , an "  emerging sign of powerhouse jihad . Combining two of the most effective jihadi forces in Syria will tip the balance of power " against the Islamic State , he says . 90 killed in punishing air raids in Syria 's Aleppo Syrian government non-committal on more talks ` Assad made beggars out of his people : ' Syrian refugees flood into Jordan	Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has been fighting other Islamist groups Statement on jihadist forums blames group for "  enormity of the disaster " Observers say infighting has played into al-Assad regime 's hands
The Frisky  -- Your passive-aggressive aunt bought you a Match.com subscription for Christmas . While your first impulse was to hit her with a brick , you 've always been curious about online dating . "  What the heck ? " you figure . "  I 'll write an ad and take a look around . " But when you 're on your own in virtual reality , the search for computer-generated love can be daunting . Here are the top online dating types to avoid . Torso tosser : This dude is super proud of his abs -- or at least the photo of Brad Pitt 's abs that he 's pretending are his -- yet he refuses to show his face . This means one of three things : he 's married , otherwise engaged , and/or does n't want his wife 's / girlfriend 's friends busting him cheating . Or maybe he 's unapologetically searching for someone to have a purely physical relationship with and wants a woman who feels the same way  which is fine , but do n't expect flowers or romance from this guy  . The other possibility ? His face is so hideous , it would melt a camera lens . Whichever the case may be : Next ! Kliché King : He 's "  tired of the bar scene , " does n't like "  game-players , " never met a "  long walk on the beach " that he did n't enjoy or a sunset that did n't make him weep with joy . He firmly believes beautiful flowers grow from stinky cow dung and is as comfortable in a worn pair of jeans as he is in a tuxedo . If you 're OK with spending an evening with someone whose idea of wooing you is advising you to make lemonade out of his lemons , you 're a match made in heaven . Otherwise , keep on clicking . Carpet bomber : These guys are n't looking for someone special . They 're looking for someone . Anyone . They cast a wide net , sending out winks and notes to anything remotely female in their path . Consequently , their messages tend to read as if they 've been written by a dull-witted robot : Dear -LSB- Your Profile Name Here -RSB- , You are a beautiful lady that I want to know better . Please meet me for coffee or cocktails . I am free today . Looking forward to your response . John Q. Public Ayn Rand fan : The kind of guy who lists "  The Fountainhead " as his favorite book is telling you something . He probably works in finance . The last book he read was "  The Fountainhead " and that was in ninth grade when we all had to read it . He 's likely a selfish jerk who 's overly concerned with buck-making and under-concerned with anyone who 's less fortunate than himself . Charming ! Finicky freak : Even though he 's 45 , he 's only interested in women between 18 and 27 . Miss Right must possess naturally red hair  shoulder length or longer , please  and a full C-cup . He 's somewhat flexible with his height requirement -- as long as you 're between 5 feet 6 inches and 6 feet -- but you absolutely can not weigh over 110 pounds , regardless of your height . If you want to be his girlfriend/doormat , you must have at least a BA -- preferably an MBA -- but not a Ph.D.  because that would mean you 're smarter than him  . You must enjoy working out  often  , skipping meals , and laughing at his  no doubt humor-free  jokes . Run in the other direction . TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Steer clear of these duds in the online dating pool , author urges Guy who posts pix of his abs : Either he 's married , or wants sex-only relationship The ads that are so general they attract anyone -- because that 's who he dates "  The Fountainhead " fan is overly concerned with making money
CNN  -- Human remains have been found on the wrecked Costa Concordia , possibly answering what happened to the last two missing people from the cruise liner that struck rocks off Italy 's Giglio Island in 2012 , a spokesman for the head of Italy 's civil protection agency said Thursday . Divers will try to recover the remains , which were found on deck 4 , on Thursday afternoon , the spokesman said . The discovery comes a week after engineers finally righted the ship , which capsized when it hit rocks in the Tyrrhenian Sea in January 2012 , killing 32 of the 4,200 people on board . The toll of 32 includes the two people who were missing but presumed dead : Russel Rebello of India and Maria Grazia Trecarichi of Sicily . Their bodies were long believed to be either trapped beneath or inside the ship . Tragedy transforms island paradise Rebello , 33 , was a cruise waiter who was last seen helping passengers off the ship . Trecarichi was on the cruise to celebrate her 50th birthday with her 17-year-old daughter , who survived . Authorities say the ship struck the rocks off Giglio Island after the captain , Francesco Schettino , ordered the liner to veer more than four miles off course to salute a former sea captain who had retired on Giglio . How the ship was raised Schettino faces charges of manslaughter , causing a maritime disaster and abandoning ship with passengers still on board . His trial , which began with preliminary hearings in March , resumed Monday in Grosseto . Schettino argues that he is a hero who saved the lives of more than 4,000 people , not a villain whose negligence led to the deaths of 32 . His defense is trying to prove , among other things , that the ship 's watertight doors did not function properly , and that is the reason the ship sank , leading to all 32 deaths during evacuation . Engineers rotated the ship back to vertical last week after it rested 20 months on its side . The unprecedented maneuver , called parbuckling , exposed a twisted mass of metal dotted with mattresses , passenger luggage and deck chairs on the ship 's previously submerged starboard side . With the Costa Concordia now upright , judges on Wednesday agreed to Schettino 's request for a new examination of the ship . He also wants to walk the judges through the command bridge in a re-creation of the night of the crash . Inside a wrecked cruise ship Schettino also has told the court that the ship would not have crashed had his helmsman executed his instructions . According to recordings from the ship 's bridge from the vessel 's black box , Schettino directed the helmsman to turn "  hard to starboard " in English , but the helmsman can be heard asking "  hard to port ? " The helmsman then turned the ship right instead of left just 13 seconds before it hit the rocks . A maritime expert has testified that those 13 seconds made no difference , saying it takes longer than that to change a ship 's course . But Schettino told the court that if the helmsman "  had not turned the wheel the wrong way , we would have avoided hitting the rocks . " The trial is expected to last through the fall with a string of witnesses , including passengers , crew members and islanders , who say they saw the captain on shore looking for dry socks before all the passengers had been safely evacuated . The helmsman , Jacob Rusli Bin , and four others were convicted in a plea deal in July for their role in the disaster . A Florence court is considering the validity of those plea bargain agreements . After salvage , island celebrations and relief	Of 32 declared dead in Costa Concordia wreck , two bodies have yet to be recovered Divers will try to recover the unidentified remains Thursday afternoon , agency says Costa Concordia struck rocks off Italy 's Giglio Island in January 2012 Engineers rotated the ship back to vertical this month
CNN  -- U.S. Marines stationed in southern Europe have been put on alert as a precaution in advance of expected large demonstrations and potential unrest in Egypt this weekend , CNN has learned . About 200 combat capable Marines in Sigonella , Italy , and Moron , Spain , have been told to be ready to be airborne within 60 minutes of getting orders to deploy , according to two administration officials . The units have several V-22 tilt-rotor aircraft that would carry troops and infantry weapons to Egypt to protect the U.S. Embassy and American government personnel and citizens if violence broke out against Americans . The planned demonstrations are aimed against the Egyptian government . The officials both emphasized this is contingency planning in advance of the expected demonstrations to ensure American military assets , including rescue forces , can act if needed . In the event Americans had to be evacuated from Egypt and could not get to the airport due to the unrest , there are about 2,000 additional Marines on board three Navy warships in the Red Sea , officials said . A third official said the decision to keep the warship in the Red Sea was "  very precautionary . " The United States expects Egyptian security forces will be able to protect American assets and personnel . No plans for personnel to leave have been announced , State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said Friday . "  This is not Libya , " said the third official , alluding to last year 's attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi . During that attack , the military was unable to muster resources fast enough to protect the mission . Four Americans , including the ambassador to Libya , died in the attack . Since then , after much criticism from Congress about the inability to respond , the Pentagon has been particularly sensitive about ensuring troops are within deployment distance of potential trouble spots in North Africa . The embassy had already planned to be closed Sunday and Monday because of the demonstrations , according to a notice on the embassy 's website . American citizens in Cairo have been advised to avoid areas where the demonstrations are taking place and "  limit their movements . "	Large demonstrations are expected in Egypt this weekend About 200 combat capable Marines in Italy and Spain are standing by Some 2,000 additional Marines on board three Navy warships in the Red Sea
CNN  -- Minors under 17 will be prohibited from using commercial tanning beds in New Jersey , and those under 14 will be banned from spray-tanning procedures in tanning facilities , under a new law signed by Gov. Chris Christie . In remarks made at the time he signed the bill Monday , Christie noted that New Jersey already banned those under 14 from using tanning facilities . But , he said , "  the new restrictions imposed by this bill followed a single , but breathlessly reported , incident of a parent bringing a minor child into a tanning facility . " In February , a New Jersey grand jury declined to indict a woman accused of child endangerment for allegedly allowing her 5-year-old daughter to use a tanning bed , resulting in leg burns . Patricia Krentcil was arrested in April 2012 after school officials noticed burns on the girl 's legs and reported the injuries . Prosecutors accused her of allowing her daughter inside a stand-up tanning booth at a salon in the northern New Jersey town of Nutley . Christie said Monday the child was not permanently injured and the salon was fined by the state Department of Health . "  Confidence in the current laws , rather than a rush to add new and perhaps unnecessary provisions , would have seemed the appropriate legislative response , " the governor said . "  Nonetheless , I sign this bill because of the documented and well-understood risks associated with misuse of indoor tanning systems . " California and Vermont have also banned indoor tanning for minors , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Wisconsin also prohibits indoor tanning for those under age 16 . A handful of other states , including Arkansas , Georgia , Oregon , Michigan and Virginia , require parental permission . Indoor tanning exposes users to both UV-A and UV-B rays , which cause skin damage and can cause cancer , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Indoor tanning can be particularly dangerous for young users ; research has shown that those who begin tanning before age 35 have a 75 % higher risk of melanoma . The American Suntanning Association , however , criticized the new law , saying it would only drive teens to "  riskier alternatives like home units and beaches . " In a statement , the association said it was "  disappointed that Gov. Christie and the New Jersey legislature have decided that government should have more of a say in teenagers ' lives than their parents , " and notes it has "  worked diligently to offer a compromise including stricter regulations , more enforcement and fines and greater parental control . "	New Jersey bans those under 17 from using commercial tanning beds Action follows high-profile case in which a grand jury failed to indict a mother California and Vermont also ban indoor tanning by minors
CNN  -- The woman and children held captive in a cellar for years by their incestuous father will take years to recover from their disturbing ordeal , doctors warned Wednesday as the family at the center of the case remained in psychiatric care . The bathroom used by Elizabeth Fritzl , who was held captive for more than two decades , and her three children . Members of the Fritzl family will also be offered the chance to adopt new identities in an effort to help them lead normal lives , officials said . Hans-Heinz Lenze , the head of local social services said the family was "  doing as well as can be expected in the circumstances " and said any change of identity would be the family 's decision . Elizabeth Fritzl -- now 42 -- spent more than two decades in the windowless basement after being drugged , handcuffed and locked up by her father , Josef Fritzl , as an 18-year-old . Repeatedly raped , she gave birth to seven children by Fritzl , one of whom died as an infant . Three of the children -- Kerstin , 19 ; Stefan , 18 ; and Felix , 5 -- remained imprisoned underground with their mother . The other three lived in an apartment upstairs with Fritzl and his wife who believed Elizabeth had abandoned them after running away from home . Elizabeth and five of the children were continuing to receive treatment at a local clinic near Amstetten after being reunited on Sunday . Kerstin , whose hospitalization at the weekend finally brought the family 's plight to the attention of authorities , remained in a coma at a nearby hospital . "  It is astonishing how easy it worked that the children came together , and also it was astonishing how easy it happened that the grandmother and the mother came together , " clinic director Berthold Kepplinger said . But Kepplinger warned that the family would require extensive counseling . "  We 're talking of 20 years of darkness , incest and its effects and other illnesses they might have suffered from . " Kepplinger said the two sets of children were tentatively getting to know one another , adding that the two boys who had lived underground had an unusual way of communicating with each other . A policeman who had accompanied the boys to hospital after their discovery on Sunday said the pair had "  screamed with excitement " during the car journey as they experienced the outside world for the first time . "  The two boys appeared overawed by the daylight they had never experienced before , " said Chief Inspector Leopold Etz . "  The real world was completely alien to them ... We had to drive very slowly with them because they cringed at every car light and every bump . It was as if we had just landed on the moon . " In an interview with the Austrian newspaper , Oesterreich , psychiatrist Max Friedrich , who treated the abducted teenager Natascha Kampusch , estimated it would take "  between five and eight years " for the children to recover from their experiences . Another psychologist , Bernd Prosser , told Austrian television that it would be impossible for the four held prisoner underground to lead normal lives . "  I am afraid it is too late for that . " Kampusch , the Austrian girl abducted as a 10-year-old and held captive in a basement for more than eight years until she escaped in 2007 , also offered her help to the family on Tuesday , but questioned the decision to move them from the cellar into psychiatric care . "  Pulling them abruptly out of this situation , without transition , to hold them and isolating them to some extent , it ca n't be good for them , " said Kampusch , now 20 , in an interview with Austrian TV station Puls 4 . "  I believe it might have been even better to leave them where they were , but that was probably impossible . This case is not like mine , where that was not my environment . They were born there and I can imagine that there is a strong attachment to that place . " E-mail to a friend	Austrian family held captive in a cellar will take years to recover , doctors say Family are undergoing treatment at a local psychiatric clinic Children kept underground may never lead normal lives , psychiatrist warns Family have been offered opportunity to adopt new identities
CNN  -- No carry-on luggage ? No problem . American Airlines may soon allow customers without carry-on luggage to board right after first class and elite status passengers -- and before other coach customers hauling luggage into the passenger cabin . The airline has been quietly testing the program for several weeks to positive response at Dulles International Airport , Baltimore Washington International Airport , Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport and Austin-Bergstrom International Airport , said an American spokeswoman . "  This boarding test is one more example of the progress we 're making to provide our customers with an exceptional travel experience as we leverage innovation to evaluate and improve every step of the customer journey , " said American spokeswoman Andrea Huguely , in a statement . Huguely added that this is "  a limited test . " "  Should we decide to modify our regular boarding process , we will be informing our people and our customers first , " she said . The policy makes sense to travel blogger John DiScala of JohnnyJet.com , who first noticed and tweeted about the American test program during the boarding of a Chicago flight at the Fort Lauderdale airport last week . "  The plane does n't make money when it 's sitting on the ground , " he said . "  Having people without carry-ons board  first  makes the boarding process quicker . They 're always waiting for people with bags  to stow their bags  . And they 're always trying to get people to check their bags  for a fee  . " Other airlines already reward passengers American was the first airline to charge a checked bag fee in 2008 . But it 's not the first airline to give priority to passengers boarding bag-free . Alaska Airlines has been offering early boarding for passengers with no carry-ons since October 2011 . "  We do n't offer this on every flight , but do offer this on our fuller flights , " said airline spokeswoman Bobbie Egan , via e-mail . Those passengers get to board after travelers needing assistance or traveling with children , uniformed members of the military , first class and frequent flier passengers . In addition to allowing its frequent fliers and purchasers of premium seats to board first , Frontier Airlines also boards customers without carry-on luggage ahead of burdened passengers . American carriers collected $ 2.6 billion in baggage fees in the first three quarters of 2012 , according to Department of Transportation figures .	Passengers without carry-on luggage may board after first class and frequent fliers American is testing the program in four airports Other airlines already allow bag-free customers to board before those with carry-ons
CNN  -- A doctor who was on the front lines fighting the Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone has died from complications of the disease , Doctors Without Borders said Tuesday . Dr. Sheik Humarr Khan fell ill early last week while overseeing Ebola treatment at Kenema Government Hospital , about 185 miles east of Sierra Leone 's capital city , Freetown . He was treated by the French aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres -- also known as Doctors Without Borders -- in Kailahun , Sierra Leone , up until his death , spokesman Tim Shenk said . "  RIP Dr. Sheik Humarr Khan , " wrote one of the many people who remembered Khan fondly on Twitter . "  What a hero . What a loss . " A University of Sierra Leone graduate , Khan worked for that African country 's Ministry of Health and Sanitation , including as head of the Lassa fever program at Kenema Government Hospital , according to the Viral Hemorrhagic Fever Consortium . Lassa fever is a virus common in west Africa , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention notes . While in that latter post , Khan contracted with the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone , consulted with the World Health Organization/Tulane University on its Mano River Union Lassa fever network and was physician-in-charge of his hospital 's HIV/AIDS program . "  His valiant work will not be forgotten , " Dr. Penninah Iutung Amor , AIDS Healthcare Foundation 's Africa bureau chief , said in a statement . "  In a country that has fewer than 200 medical doctors in its entire public health sector , the loss of even one doctor is a loss too great . " Khan continued his training in Ghana from 2010 to 2013 , before returning to head the Kenema Government Hospital 's Lassa fever program and becoming a lecturer at the University of Sierra Leone . The Viral Hemorrhagic Fever Consortium described him as "  one of the world 's leading experts in the clinical care of viral hemorrhagic fevers " -- among them , Ebola . This disease typically kills 90 % of those infected , but the death rate in this outbreak has dropped to roughly 60 % because of early treatment . The outbreak is happening primarily in three West African countries : Guinea , where it began , Liberia and Sierra Leone . As of July 23 , the World Health Organization had confirmed more than 800 Ebola cases in the region , but it suspects there have been many unreported infections and there may be as many as 1,200 cases . Sierra Leone has been hardest hit , with approximately 525 cases . "  Dr. Khan was an extremely determined and courageous doctor who cared deeply for his patients , " Doctors Without Borders said in a statement . "  His work and dedication have been greatly appreciated by the medical community in Sierra Leone for many years . He will be remembered and missed by many , especially by the doctors and nurses that worked with him . MSF 's sincere thoughts and condolences are with Dr. Khan 's family , friends and colleagues . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	"  What a hero . What a loss , " writes one admirer on Twitter Dr. Sheik Humarr Khan was infected with Ebola last week He played a key role in fighting the outbreak in Sierra Leone Khan fell ill while overseeing treatment and isolation centers in the country 's capital
Atlanta  CNN  -- After a month-long investigation , Clark Atlanta University lifted a self-imposed suspension on the school 's marching band after finding no evidence of hazing . The university announced August 30 that all performances of its Mighty Marching Panthers Band would be temporarily halted so the school could investigate allegations of hazing within its ranks . Clark Atlanta conducted an "  aggressive and thorough investigation " and found there was "  neither hazing nor any illegal activity , " the school said in a statement Tuesday . Allegations of misconduct within marching bands have garnered national attention after a hazing ritual resulted in the death of Florida A&M University drum major Robert Champion , 26 , last November . FAMU 's band director retired in the wake of the scandal and the school 's president resigned . Champion , who was from Decatur , Georgia , just outside Atlanta , died after being beaten during a hazing ritual on a band bus after a FAMU football game . Both FAMU and Clark Atlanta are historically black colleges . Another , North Carolina Central University , suspended its marching band 's drum line for two weeks in September after an investigation into allegations of hazing found that all members of the line had violated the school 's code of conduct . According to the Herald-Sun newspaper in Durham , the school is ordering drum line members to attend a hazing prevention workshop and perform community service . And Texas Southern University suspended its "  Ocean of Soul " band last week to investigate a possible hazing incident involving a section of the band .	Clark Atlanta University 's band is back on the field , cleared of hazing allegations FAMU 's drum major died last year after a hazing incident on a bus The drum line at North Carolina Central University must attend hazing prevention workshop
CNN  -- The forthcoming trial in Germany of John Demjanjuk could be the last occasion on which a Nazi war crimes suspect faces prosecution . German officials claim John Demjanjuk was an accessory to 29,000 murders in a Nazi death camp . But the legacy of decades-old efforts to bring the perpetrators of World War II atrocities to justice means that those who commit similar offences in the 21st century will not be able to hide from their past so easily , according to a leading war crimes prosecutor . Many leading Nazis such as Hermann Goering , Rudolf Hess and Albert Speer were prosecuted by the main allies -- the U.S. , the Soviet Union and the UK -- shortly after the end of the war at the Nuremberg Trials . South African judge Richard Goldstone , formerly the chief U.N. prosecutor for war crimes in Yugoslavia and Rwanda , told CNN that Nuremberg had been the "  first attempt of any importance to hold war criminals accountable " and had laid the foundations for the development of modern humanitarian law . Yet many lower-ranking servants of the Nazi regime and its allies were able to escape punishment for their crimes , assuming new identities , fleeing Europe or even finding employment with Soviet or western security agencies as determination to bring them to justice waned with the advent of the Cold War , according to Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center . "  These murderers walked into small cities and killed men , women and children and walked away without a trace , " Hier told CNN . "  The sad thing is that had the world wanted to prosecute Nazi war criminals after Nuremberg , and had  countries  put up the budget and the resources then every one of these elusive criminals would have been brought to justice . " But Goldstone said that the creation in 2002 of the International Criminal Court marked a "  very important step forward " to ensure that future atrocities would not be so quickly forgotten . While previous tribunals investigating crimes in Rwanda and Yugoslavia were ad hoc creations set up by the U.N. Security Council , the ICC is a permanent institution with a specific remit to investigate and prosecute cases of genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . Goldstone said that developments in humanitarian law and the evolution of international justice meant that modern institutions were more sophisticated and fairer than Nuremberg had been , recognizing the rights of victims to representation but also ensuring a fair trial for defendants . "  Modern international law requires trials that are a lot fairer than the trials that were put on at Nuremberg , " he said . The jurisdiction of the ICC is currently recognized by 108 countries -- though not by the U.S. , Russia or China . But Goldstone said the court was "  moving quickly " towards universal ratification and said U.S. President Barack Obama 's new administration was likely to be more cooperative and friendlier to the ICC than predecessor George W. Bush had been in office . "  I 'd love to see the day when there is universal ratification because when that happens there will be nowhere for war criminals to run to , " he said . Demjanjuk , an 89-year-old native Ukrainian deported from the U.S. this week , is alleged to have been a guard at the Sobibor death camp in Nazi-occupied Poland and is accused of being an accessory to the murder of more than 29,000 people . Hier said Demjanjuk 's extradition marked the culmination of greater efforts in the U.S. since the late 1970s to send suspected war criminals to face trial . An Office of Special Investigations was established in 1979 to hunt for war criminals on U.S. soil , while legislation allowed even suspects who had acquired U.S. citizenship to be extradited for lying on their naturalization papers about their Nazi pasts . But he said Demjanjuk 's trial could be the last of its kind -- and not just because of the age of suspected war criminals still at large . "  You ca n't just have a trial with documents . You have to have living witnesses , " Hier said . "  Most of those witnesses are very old , most of them are well into their 80s and beyond and they have to be in sufficient good health that they can be questioned and travel to take part in the trial . " But Hier said it was very important that former Nazis were pursued to the grave , living out their final years with the fear that their past crimes could still catch up with them . "  Nazi hunter  Simon Wiesenthal talked about two kinds of justice . There is the justice of handcuffs and putting someone on trial . But there is also a psychological fear of a knock on the door , " he said . "  Every Nazi war criminal should live every night of his life with the possibility that in his case there will yet be a knock on the door . "	Expert : Trial of Nazi war crimes suspect John Demjanjuk could be last of its kind Leading Nazis prosecuted at Nuremberg but many lesser Nazis escaped justice Struggle to prosecute Nazis influenced creation of International Criminal Court ICC has remit to probe war crimes , genocide , crimes against humanity
CNN Student News  -- February 8 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Montgomery , Alabama ; Selma , Alabama ; Little Rock , Arkansas ; Washington , D.C. China Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Boston  CNN  -- Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , the surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings , lies in a hospital with a gunshot wound to the side of his neck , sedated and intubated , sources say . But he could be brought out of sedation in minutes so he could answer questions from law enforcement officials , doctors tell CNN . Intubated and sedated patients are often put on "  sedation holidays . " What we know about the suspects Under normal circumstances , doctors use these holidays , which last anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours , so they can ask patients questions to assess neurological and cognitive functioning . The patients ca n't talk , since they have a tube down their throats , but they can write . "  They 're still pretty out of it on these holidays , pretty confused and sleepy , but they could be able to understand what 's being said to them , " said Dr. Albert Wu , an internist and attending physician at Johns Hopkins Hospital . While many patients are groggy during these holidays , others are quite awake and thoughtful . Did one brother brainwash the other ? Tsarnaev , who has been hospitalized since his capture on Friday , has been communicating with officials , two sources told CNN . "  They have been questioning him since yesterday , " a senior law enforcement source said . "  There is some form of communication between law enforcement and the suspect . " Neither source would divulge what Tsarnaev has been communicating . Dr. Corey Siegel , a gastroenterologist and professor at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center , remembers visiting his grandmother in the intensive care unit while she was intubated and sedated . Fearing she might be dying , he asked her physicians to decrease her sedation so he could have one last conversation with her . She still could n't talk but she could write on a notepad . "  She woke up in five minutes and had a conversation . It was March , and she told me where her tax materials were so she could file her taxes , " Siegel remembers . After a "  sedation holiday " patients are put back under full sedation . "  It 's like these patients are asleep , " said Wu , a professor of health policy and management at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health . "  They ca n't hold a conversation . They 're really out of it . " Despite the sedation , some patients do respond a bit to what 's going on around them . They might , for example , grunt if a doctor taps them on the shoulder or says their name . "  They might squeeze your hand in response to a command or move their heads to a sound , but they ca n't answer questions , " said Dr. Athos Rassias , associate professor of anesthesia and critical care at Dartmouth . Doctors sedate intubated patients because it 's uncomfortable and painful to have a tube down the throat and a machine forcing air into the lungs . CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger contributed to this report .	NEW : Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been communicating with authorities , sources say Intubated and sedated patients are often put on "  sedation holidays " These holidays are used to ask patients questions
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- As street protests and voter skepticism rose over Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's election victory , the incumbent leader hailed the vote , saying it was a "  great ordeal " but one that pointed "  the way to the future . " Moussavi supporters run past a burning bus in Tehran on Saturday . "  The people of Iran inspired hope for all nations and created a source of pride in the nation and disappointed all the ill wishers , " Ahmadinejad said in a nationwide TV address Saturday night . "  This election was held at a juncture of history . " The government said on Saturday that Ahmadinejad won Friday 's presidential election with 62.63 percent of the vote and Mir Hossein Moussavi received 33.75 percent of the vote . But while he extolled the result and the huge turnout , Moussavi and supporters in the Tehran streets are crying foul as street clashes have erupted in the aftermath of the polls . Reaction emerged across the world , as countries such as the United States and Canada voiced concern over claims of voter irregularities . The ongoing street protests have been viewed as remarkable in a country where anti-government sentiment is not looked upon kindly by those in power . In the aftermath of the vote , street protesters and riot police engaged in running battles , with stones thrown , garbage cans set on fire and people shouting "  death to the dictatorship . " Watch angry protesters take to streets " People leaned out of windows and balconies to watch the throngs of protesters march , many of whom were Moussavi supporters and conducted largely noisy but peaceful demonstrations . Later in the evening , an agitated and angry crowd emerged in Tehran 's Moseni Square , with people breaking into shops , starting fires and tearing down signs . Two sides of people faced off against each other in the square , throwing rocks and bottles and shouting angrily . Observers believe the two sides could be supporters of Ahmadinejad on the one , and Moussavi on the other . Before the vote count ended , Moussavi issued a sharply worded letter urging the counting to stop because of "  blatant violations " and lashed out at what he indicated was an unfair process . Moussavi said the results from "  untrustworthy monitors " reflects "  the weakening of the pillars that constitute the sacred system " of Iran and "  the rule of authoritarianism and tyranny . " Independent vote monitors were banned from polling places . "  The results announced for the 10th presidential elections are astonishing . People who stood in long lines and knew well who they voted for were utterly surprised by the magicians working at the television and radio broadcasting , " Moussavi said in his statement . Iran , he said , "  belongs to the people and not cheaters . " But Ahmadinejad said "  it was clear what a majority people wanted . " "  The elections in Iran are really important . Election means consensus of all people 's resolve and their crystallization of their demands and their wants , and it 's a leap toward high peaks of aspiration and progress . Elections in Iran are totally popular-based move that belongs to the people with a look at the future , aimed at constructing the future . " He indicated progress through consensus , saying economic and infrastructure reforms can be accomplished in Iran through a collective process . "  All of us can join forces , " he said . Analysts expected Moussavi , widely regarded as a reformist , to do well . After a presidential debate between Moussavi and Ahmadinejad riveted the nation , Moussavi 's campaign caught fire in recent days , triggering massive street rallies in Tehran . What officials have called an unprecedented voter turnout at the polls Friday had been expected to boost Moussavi 's chances of winning the presidency . But Ahmadinejad -- despite being blamed for Iran 's economic turmoil over the past four years -- maintains staunch support in rural areas . Watch as Ahmadinejad is declared the winner " The voter turnout surpassed 80 percent , at least two officials said on Saturday . Iran 's Interior Minister Seyed Sadeq Mahsouli said 85 percent of the country 's 46 million eligible voters had gone to the polls Friday . Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Khamenei lauded the "  epic " event . "  The 12 June election was an artistic expression of the nation , which created a new advancement in the history of elections in the country , " Khamenei said . "  The over 80 percent participation of the people and the 24 million votes cast for the president-elect is a real celebration which with the power of almighty God can guarantee the development , progress , national security , and the joy and excitement of the nation . " Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said the level of participation of Iranians who reside abroad increased 300 percent in the election , Iranian media said . Moussavi was the main challenger among three candidates who had been vying to replace Ahmadinejad . The others were hard-liner Mohsen Rezaie , the former head of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards and former parliament speaker and reformist Mehdi Karrubi , who called the declared results of the elections are a "  joke " and "  astonishing . " Technology has been a key tactic in politically mobilizing young people in Iran , but text messaging has not been working in Iran over recent days . However , Iranian protesters still arrived en masse at meeting places around Tehran on Saturday . Watch CNN review the unprecedented online presence of candidates " Khamenei indicated that Iranians should take a deep breath in the aftermath of the vote . "  The Saturday after the election should always be a day of affection and patience , " he said . "  Both the supporters of the elected candidate and the supporters of other respectable candidates should refrain from making any provocative and doubtful behavior . The respectable president-elect is the president of all the people of Iran and everybody , including yesterday 's rivals , should protect and help him . " CNN 's Eve Bower , Christiane Amanpour , Samson Desta , and Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	NEW : Ahmadinejad says vote was a "  great ordeal " but points "  to the future " Angry crowds in Tehran break into shops , tear down signs and start fires Ahmadinejad won landslide victory with 62 percent of vote , government says Challenger Mir Hossein Moussavi says results are due to "  blatant violations "
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Indian police arrested two suspected dealers in black market cell phone chips -- a vendor and a Srinigar police officer -- in the effort to trace how the Mumbai attackers got theirs . An Indian Border Security Force soldier patrols Agartala Airport , Tripura , which is on high alert . Investigators are also taking a closer look at an Indian citizen who was arrested in February with maps and drawings of some of the Mumbai locations attacked last month . The vendor was arrested in Calcutta ; the police officer was arrested in Delhi . Indian officials have said the November 26 attacks that killed 179 people in Mumbai were carried out by outsiders , but these developments suggest that investigators are also looking for homegrown terrorist connections . Indian authorities believe that all the attackers were Pakistanis , specifically blaming Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , an Islamic militant group based in Pakistan but also active in Srinigar , the capital of Indian-controlled Kashmir . The group , known as LeT , has denied any responsibility for the attacks , but the sole surviving gunman told interrogators he was trained by LeT , Indian authorities have said . Pakistani authorities deny that the attackers were from their country , instead blaming what they call "  non-state " actors . An analyst who studies India-Pakistan tensions believes that this operation was planned and carried out by militants from Bangladesh , Pakistan -- and India . "  They needed people on the ground who could guide them and provided the inside dope , " said Shuja Nawaz , author of "  Crossed Swords , " which examines the role of the Pakistani army and that nation 's relations with India and the United States . "  Otherwise , the Lashkar does n't have the capacity to have cased the joints , to have made all these plans and get these people into the target area so effectively . " The two men arrested on charges of illegally purchasing cell phone SIM cards , using fake identity papers , will be questioned by police who want to know whether they sold cards used by the Mumbai gunmen , according to Calcutta Deputy Police Commissioner Jawad Shamim . SIM cards -- subscriber identity modules -- are portable memory chips that make it easy to switch cell phones . Intelligence experts say they 're used by terrorists to throw their pursuers off the trail . Though Shamim suggested that reporters should not jump to any conclusions about a connection , he acknowledged there were unconfirmed suspicions that one of the slain gunmen carried a mobile phone card activated in Calcutta . "  It 's now up to the Mumbai police to investigate , " Shamim said . Indian security sources told CNN sister network CNN-IBN on Thursday that a Bangladeshi national bought cell phone SIM cards for the attackers at several locations inside India . An Indian man was arrested along with five foreigners in north India in February with sketches and maps of Mumbai locations that included several of those attacked last month . Faheem Ahmed Ansari , an Indian citizen who carried a fake Pakistani passport , sits in an Indian jail awaiting trial on charges of planning a suicide attack on Mumbai 's stock market and the Churchgate railway station . At the time of their arrest 10 months ago , Amitabh Yash , senior superintendent of police in the state of Uttar Pradesh , called the arrest of the six men "  very significant . " "  Generally , we catch two or three of them ; the rest manage to escape , " he said . "  But then , this is also a warning because that tells us how extensive the network is , " Yash said . "  And you can be sure there will be others . " Indian security officials have been heavily criticized since last month 's attacks on Mumbai for not heeding the warning signs . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Investigators arrest two suspected black market dealers in cell phone chips Indian man arrested 10 months ago in northern India also under renewed suspicion Indian security officials have been heavily criticized since the attacks India 's top law official Friday admitted government "  lapses " during Mumbai attacks
CNN  -- Actress Kathy Bates is recovering after having a double mastectomy , a publicist confirmed Wednesday . Bates , nominated for an Emmy for her lead role in the TV drama series "  Harry 's Law , " was diagnosed with breast cancer two months ago , the actress tweeted . Her publicist said she has n't had to undergo chemotherapy or radiation therapy . "  I do n't miss my breasts as much as I miss Harry 's Law . ;- Thanks for all the sweet tweets . Y' all kept me going , " Bates tweeted . Bates , 64 , is best known for winning an Academy Award for Best Actress in the 1991 movie "  Misery . " She earned Academy Award nominations as Best Supporting Actress for "  Primary Colors " and "  About Schmidt . " The Emmy Awards are September 23 . Bates also is nominated in the Outstanding Guest Actress category for a guest appearance on the comedy "  Two and a Half Men . " Bates battled ovarian cancer in 2004 . Why Kathy Bates kept her cancer private	Actress was diagnosed with breast cancer two months ago , according to a tweet from Bates Her publicist says the star of "  Harry 's Law " did n't have to undergo chemotherapy Bates nominated for two Emmy Awards
CNN  -- Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde is known as the Queen of Nollywood , Nigeria 's booming movie industry . Since her 1995 film debut , the actress has appeared in some 300 movies , selling millions of videos and establishing herself as a Nollywood icon . A prolific film siren , Jalade-Ekeinde has also carved out a successful career as a singer and reality TV star . But there 's more to Nigeria 's beloved celebrity than her glittering entertainment career . Here are 10 things to know about Jalade-Ekeinde . She 's an icon : Last year , she was named as one of the top 100 influential people in the world by Time Magazine , in the Icons category . "  I think that 's what gives me more satisfaction , " she says . "  The fact that I was n't just recognized as an artist but as an icon -- I 'm very grateful for it . " She is an activist : Jalade-Ekeinde uses her stardom to speak out about social issues affecting various African countries . An ambassador for the United Nations and an activist with Amnesty International , Jalade-Ekeinde has been on missions to Sierra Leone and Liberia . She 's a family woman : Jalade-Ekeinde is married to an airline pilot and is a mother of four children . The story behind "  Omosexy : " Her popular nickname , "  Omosexy , " was given to her by her husband -- and it has caught on . "  That 's my husband 's pet name for me , " she says , "  and the fans love it and now people call me Omosexy almost more than Omotola . " Her fans love her : Jalade-Ekeinde has amassed a large following -- in 2013 , her Facebook page has surpassed 1 million likes . Today , it 's 1.2 million , and counting ... Her road to stardom was paved with childhood tragedy : Jalade-Ekeinde lost her beloved father in her early teens . She started working at 15 to help support her family , her first job being a model . Her mother did n't like the idea of her young daughter acting and initially forbade Jalade-Ekeinde from doing so . Finally , she gave in after a film director , joined by the entire movie crew , went to her house to beg her to allow Jalade-Ekeinde to appear in the "  Venom of Justice " movie . She is part of "  New Nollywood : " Keen to improve the quality of Nollywood movies , Jalade-Ekeinde is now building a film studio -- what she calls a "  Village . " "  I 've come to a place where I realize I have to leave something , " she says . "  I have to have a legacy . "  We need infrastructure ; that 's what we need now in Nollywood . We have the fans , we have the figures , we have people chanting and calling your name but we do n't have infrastructure ... We need studios , we need film villages we need schools and that 's exactly what I 'm doing right now . " Cameras follow her around : Besides gracing the covers of several lifestyle magazines , the leading actress is also the first Nigerian with her own reality TV show , "  Omotola : The Real Me . " She can sing too : Jalade-Ekeinde always loved music but decided to launch her singing career after she became an activist and started working with the U.N. World Food Programme . "  I started going on all these missions and I came back and I saw so much I wanted to sing about it , " she explains . "  I 've always wanted to sing all my life anyway , but that was the motivation I needed . " Read this : 10 things to know about Lupita Nyong ' o Read this : Netflix of Africa ' brings Nollywood to world Read this : Jeta Amata - ' I am Nollywood '	Known by her fans as "  Omosexy , " Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde is a leading Nollywood actress She has appeared in more than 300 movies over the years In 2013 , she was included in Time Magazine 's list of the top influential people in the world More than just a celebrity , she is a U.N. ambassador and an activist
CNN  -- Like most stories that end up with a man mowing his friend 's lawn in a dress , it started out innocently enough . Craig Harrell takes a quick break for the camera while fulfilling his end of the bargain . Not long after Robert Klein began working on his man cave , his friend Craig Harrell paid Klein a compliment . He noticed Klein was looking trimmer since they 'd last met . As Klein continued to slim down , they made a bet : Whoever could get down to 200 pounds first would be the winner , and the loser would have to mow the winner 's yard -- in a dress . Klein started building his man cave in Pasadena , Maryland , so he could have the bar of his dreams and a home theater . He worked on his basement for more than a year and ended up losing 65 pounds in the process -- more than enough to win his bet with Harrell . CNN.com and iReport.com got an overwhelming response when we asked readers to send in photos and stories of their man caves : spaces that foster men 's hobbies , decorating skills and technological needs . Some of their stories were so outrageous that we decided to profile a few of them . Klein 's man cave , however , was the only one to combine dramatic weight loss and cross-dressing , so we had to give him a call to find out more . Klein said his friends wanted to talk about two things while he was building his man cave : how his amazing bar was coming along and how they thought Harrell would lose the bet . The bet was popular with everyone Klein and Harrell knew . Their wives even started a dress committee , to make sure the loser was appropriately attired , and their kids delighted in the prospect of seeing Dad in a dress . To lose weight , Klein said Harrell played golf and cut out chips , while he adopted a balanced , calorie-restricted diet , and spent at least six hours a day on the man cave , which took most of his free time . Klein did all the electric wiring himself , worked on the framing and put three coats of paint on all the walls and ceilings . He attributes his weight loss success to replacing TV-watching with hard work . "  I lost at least 10 pounds on the painting alone , " he said . "  My neck was sore for weeks . " Klein knew he could n't build the kind of man cave he wanted all by himself , so he contracted out some of the big jobs , like cutting a hole in the foundation to add 6-foot-tall French doors to the side of the house in place of a window well , and finding someone to do the woodwork on a custom bar he designed . Although he started out with a carefully planned budget , Klein quickly found he needed to spend more money to make his dreams a reality . The hardest part , he said , was finding someone who could build his bar for a price he could afford . After some disheartening estimates  one was $ 65,000  , Klein found Lyle Delfosse , a local furniture maker who had built libraries in the Watergate Hotel in Washington D.C. , and constructed a chair for a U.S. Supreme Court justice over his long career . Now 76 and retired , Delfosse told Klein , "  I can build anything out of wood . " Klein said Delfosse was true to his word , and they did n't go over the initial estimate of $ 19,000 , although he said Delfosse told him "  if he had it to do all over again , he 'd have charged double . " Klein calls the bar "  magnificent , " and said that when people come over to see it , they feel underdressed . Convinced he 'd saved money by doing a lot of the work himself , Klein splurged on a new sprinkler system . The bet he 'd made earlier in the year was on his mind , and he wanted to ensure that the grass in his front yard would be nice and green once the weigh-in arrived . At the height of summer , Klein 's man cave was finished , and he decided it was time to step on the scales . Harrell was 208 pounds , and Klein was 195 . At the party Klein threw to show off his new bar and theater , Harrell was ready . With some help from the dress committee , Harrell became Klein 's newly acquired , frock-sporting landscaper . The wives had sewn two pink , strapless dresses together to fit Harrell , and then layered on accessories like a bow-topped headband and a corsage . All decked out , Harrell graciously mowed Klein 's front yard , with 80 people cheering him on . Somehow , as Harrell was mowing , Klein 's new sprinkler system went off , soaking Harrell and his dress . In a phone interview , Klein was coy about who the perpetrator might have been . These days , Harrell has his own man cave , complete with bar . Klein points out that his bar is nicer , but says he 's got his buddy 's back : Harrell 's wife thinks a dishwasher would be a practical addition to the man cave , but Klein is trying to convince her that the keg refrigerator Harrell wants is a good idea . E-mail to a friend	Man builds man cave , loses 65 pounds in the process Of all the man cave tales submitted to iReport.com , this is first to include a dress Bar of man 's dreams is "  magnificent " Dress committee sews two dresses together to fit the loser of the bet
London  CNN  -- Two senior British judges are due to decide on Friday if five men , among them extremist Islamist cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri , will be extradited to the United States to face terrorism charges . The decision , which can not be appealed , should bring to an end a legal process that in the case of two of the five men -- Khaled al-Fawwaz and Adel Abdul Bary -- has lasted 14 years . Read more : BBC apologizes to Queen Elizabeth over Abu Hamza revelation Thursday saw the third and final day of submissions as lawyers for the five men sought to persuade the two judges to stay the extradition , which has already been approved by British courts , the European Court of Human Rights and Britain 's home secretary . Lawyers for al-Masri -- who is wanted on charges relating to a multiple hostage-taking in Yemen , as well as alleged efforts to set up a terror training camp in Oregon -- told the court their client suffers from deteriorating mental health and is unfit to plead . He faces a potential life sentence if convicted . Read more : Court clears way for cleric Abu Hamza 's extradition Al-Masri is one of the highest-profile radical Islamic figures in Britain , where he was already sentenced to seven years for inciting racial hatred at his north London mosque and other terrorism-related charges . Al-Fawwaz and Bary are accused of being al Qaeda associates of Osama bin Laden in London during the 1990s . Lawyers for al-Fawwaz presented evidence , including some arising from an interview by British intelligence officers with an al Qaeda informer , which they say discredits the case against him . Read more : Abu Hamza extradition ruling marks end of era for radical cleric Presenting medical reports , lawyers for Bary said he had a deteriorating mental illness , making him unfit for detention in a high-security Supermax prison , where he is expected to be held if sent to the United States . The cases of Babar Ahmad and Talha Ahsan are both linked to a website called azzam.com , which U.S. prosecutors say was run by the two men and used to support terrorism around the world . Lawyers for Ahmad and Ahsan presented what they said was fresh evidence to support their calls for the two men to be charged with similar terrorism-supporting offenses in Britain , rather than have them face trial in the United States . The U.S. and British governments were also represented during the hearings and strongly contested the five suspects ' submissions . Lawyers for the British government described the arguments as an abuse of the legal process .	Lawyers for radical Islamist cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri say his mental health is failing Four other men are also fighting extradition to the United States on terror charges U.S. and British government lawyers contested the arguments put forward This week 's hearing was the final stage in a long-running legal battle
LONDON , England  CNN  -- We 're in Hollywood on this month 's CNN Business Traveller where we look at style on the road . As travelers of the world , we want to express our own individuality , we want to fit in and look the part but at the same time stand out . Hollywood is the perfect place to look get to grips with style because in this city - image is everything . Watch the show . " Why style matters If we live in a particular way , we want the same when we travel ; and the airline and hotel industry are more in tune with what we want than ever before . We look at why style matters on the road and in the air . Attire to suit every occasion We get some golden rules from Hollywood stylist Negar Ali who shows Richard Quest how to co-ordinate and downsize his wardrobe , and a secret weapon - equivalent to the ` little black dress ' . Bags of style Your suitcase travels as much as you do and is often the next thing people look at after your clothes . For some , making a statement with their luggage is important , for others functionality is the key . Two business travelers road test some stylish pieces whilst on their business trip to Maastricht . Smart Traveller This month 's Smart Traveller focuses on tagging services that reunites lost property with the owner . Richard Quest found out that it really does work when he left his Treo PDA in the back of a New York taxi and only realized he 'd lost it when he got an email from Zreturn once in LA. . Sunrise to Sunset Award-winning documentary maker Morgan Neville shows us round his hometown -- giving us ideas on how to enjoy our spare time in LA from Sunrise to Sunset . E-mail to a friend	CNN goes to Hollywood to get to grips with traveling in style Top Hollywood stylist shares tips on how to co-ordinate a wardrobe on the road Two business travelers road test some stylish luggage on a trip to Malta
CNN  -- Research presented at a just-concluded breast cancer symposium will help doctors understand how to use existing drugs better when certain drugs do n't work , and how chemotherapy may not be to blame for so-called "  chemo brain . " Breast cancer doctors and researchers from around the world gathered at the San Antonio Breast Cancer Symposium in San Antonio , Texas , last week to learn about the latest developments in treating the disease . Here are some of those latest developments : 1 . ` Chemo brain ' starts before chemo It 's been known for a long time that when women undergo breast cancer treatment , they can have trouble remembering regular tasks and jobs . Chemotherapy , or so-called "  chemo brain , " has often been blamed . There 's still no good explanation for why this happens or how to treat it . Doctors are concerned about this because patients ' concerns over "  chemo brain " may result in a reluctance to accept life-saving therapy , said Bernadine Cimprich , an associate professor emerita at the University of Michigan School of Nursing in Ann Arbor , who presented a new study at SABCS . Using an MRI , her team tested patient 's brain function while performing a working memory task in the scanner . This was done before any chemotherapy started and a month after treatment was completed . The study involved a total of 97 participants : 28 patients receiving chemotherapy , 37 patients who got radiation therapy and 32 healthy women . Breast cancer awareness : Not so pretty pink The results showed that women who were scheduled to undergo chemotherapy had the lowest activation of the part of the brain that is critical for the effective performance of a working memory task : The left inferior frontal gyrus . Women who were not able or less able to activate the frontal brain region suffered greater fatigue over time , regardless of treatment , Cimprich said . Also , women expecting chemotherapy were more worried and more fatigued than the other groups , including the radiation group . Cimprich believes there 's a need for increased awareness that cognitive problems can begin before a woman starts chemotherapy after her tumor is removed , including letting women know that as they wait for chemotherapy to start , they are more vulnerable to cognitive problems related to worry and fatigue . She said "  chemo brain " may not be an appropriate label for cancer-related cognitive dysfunction because there are likely other sources that contribute to the problem or produce problems that would n't exist otherwise . 2 . Twice as long is better with the drug tamoxifen When breast cancer patients take the hormone-blocking drug tamoxifen for 10 years instead of five , they can significantly reduce their chances of the cancer coming back or of dying from it , according to new data from an ongoing clinical trial called ATLAS or Adjuvant Tamoxifen -- Longer Against Shorter . About a decade ago , the National Cancer Institute recommended premenopausal women with a type of cancer that is fueled by estrogen  called estrogen-positive breast cancer  should only take tamoxifen for five years after they 've had tumors surgically removed . The argument was that there was n't sufficient data to justify it taking longer , according to Dr. Peter Ravdin , director of the breast cancer program at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio . While tamoxifen has been known to have a residual effect of another five years after a patient stops taking it , "  about one-third of relapse in estrogen-positive patients occur after five years , " Ravdin said . Researchers from England , however , report that after taking tamoxifen for 10 years , the risk of a woman 's cancer coming back was reduced by 30 % and the risk of dying from the cancer was reduced by nearly half . These are n't the final results of the ATLAS trial , which is a huge clinical trial . Nearly 13,000 women were enrolled between 1996 and 2005 , and researchers presented eight-year follow-up data from about 7,000 of them at SABC . There are side effects from taking this drug , including an elevated risk of endometrial cancer . But the risks are far smaller than the benefits , say researchers . Tamoxifen has been around long enough that a generic version is available and costs about $ 100 per month . Once the final results of ATLAS are in and it 's compared to other similar studies , the standard of care for these patients will probably change from five to 10 years , according to the editorial accompanying the study in The Lancet . CDC : Breast cancer more deadly in black women 3 . Twice as much is better with the drug fulvestrant Doubling the dose of a drug called fulvestrant improved survival in postmenopausal women who have estrogen-receptor positive breast cancer that has either spread in or outside the breast , according to one study . Fulvestrant works by blocking the action of estrogen on cancer cells , according to the National Institutes of Health . It was approved at a 250 mg dose , Ravdin said . But Italian researchers found a dose of 500 mg led to four months more of survival without the cancer getting worse and a 19 % reduction in the risk of death , according to Dr. Angelo Di Leo , who heads the department of medical oncology at the Hospital of Prato , Istituto Toscano Tumori in Prato , Italy . 4 . Twice as long is not better with the drug Herceptin Women who are diagnosed with early stage Her2 positive breast cancer , another type of breast cancer , will be put on a drug called Herceptin , an artificial antibody which binds to the cancer cell and kills it . Giving Herceptin for a longer duration did not improve "  disease-free or overall survival " over one year of treatment , research shows , said Dr. Martine J. Piccart , chief of the medicine department at the Jules Bordet Institute in Brussels , Belgium , president of the European Society for Medical Oncology and chair of the Breast International Group . Piccart said this very large trial conducted in many countries  not in the United States  confirms that the current regimen is still the best . Study questions benefit of yearly mammograms 5 . Avastin is n't indicated for breast cancer Researchers were hoping that combining the cancer Avastin for one year with regular chemotherapy would help women with triple-negative breast cancer . This type of cancer , is very aggressive and has few effective treatment options . According to new data presented at SABC , adding Avastin  which stops the growth of blood vessels that help tumors grow  did not improve a patient 's survival . Sadly , researchers have nothing extra to add to standard chemotherapy for early , triple-negative breast cancer , said Dr. David Cameron , professor of oncology at Edinburgh University in Scotland , who presented the data at the conference . Just over a year ago , the FDA withdrew its approval for Avastin for treating breast cancer patients because a review of various studies showed Avastin was not shown to be safe and effective for that use in this type of cancer . Avastin is still approved for treating certain types of colon , lung , kidney and brain cancer  glioblastoma multiforme  .	Research shows improved outcomes with some drugs at higher doses or for a longer time One drug , Avastin , fails to show promise as treatment for triple-negative breast cancer "  Chemo brain " actually begins before chemotherapy does , according to one study
CNN  -- Two-time Oscar winner Tom Hanks played a role in the surprise ending of a domestic assault case in Los Angeles , according to defense attorney Andrew Flier . Hanks had been serving as a juror in the trial since it started last week . Flier 's client was facing up to a year in jail and the attorney was prepared to offer closing arguments in the case on Wednesday . Instead , as proceedings wrapped Tuesday , the prosecuting attorney revealed that another lawyer in the Los Angeles City Attorney 's Office had interacted with Hanks outside the courtroom , thanking him for his service . As a result , Flier asked the court for a mistrial , citing prosecutorial misconduct . In a hearing on Wednesday morning , lawyers on both sides of the case convened and settled on a reduced charge for the defendant : disturbing the peace and a $ 150 fine . City Attorney 's Office spokesperson Frank Mateljan confirmed the interaction with Hanks , saying , "  The city attorney has been appraised of the situation and will be reviewing it . " CNN reached out to representatives for Hanks for comment , but has not heard back . The alleged victim 's reaction to the resolution was unavailable . Prosecutors do not identify those who makes claims of domestic violence , and the parties involved have made no public statement , Mateljan said . Flier said he was initially concerned that having a Hollywood star on the jury would unfairly influence the case 's outcome . "  I think because of his celebrity status and because of his personality , I think  the jury  would have followed him . " But after interviewing Hanks in jury selection , Flier decided he was a good fit for the final slot on the jury . "  He never looked or made any statements like he wanted to get off jury duty . So based on everything , he seemed like a very fair juror , " Flier said . Hanks ' appearance did n't only affect proceedings inside the courtroom . Flier said the star also drew quite a crowd of photographers and fans outside the courthouse afterward . "  Everyone was taking photographs . He was smiling . He welcomed anybody , " Flier said . If the case had n't ended in a plea , Flier said he does n't know how Hanks would have voted . "  He looked at me like he always had , smiled and said , ' I was going to vote the way of justice . ' So he never disclosed what that justice was headed for , the defense or the prosecution . " CNN 's JD Cargill contributed to this report .	Oscar winner Tom Hanks serves jury duty in Los Angeles As the case was wrapping up , a lawyer thanks him for his service Lawyers and jurors can not interact outside of the courtroom The case was settled , rather than decided by jury
CNN  -- Of the 12 people killed in the July 2012 mass shooting at a Colorado movie theater , 6-year-old Veronica Moser-Sullivan was the youngest . Long after the moments of silence have ended , people around the country will still be at a loss for words to describe what happened to the fathers , mothers , sisters , brothers , daughters and sons killed and wounded . Those close to the victims have an especially difficult task : finding words of solace for the incomprehensible . Grief experts say the loss of a child brings on a special kind of anguish . "  You think about all the things you 'll miss : the graduations , the swim lessons , the dance recitals , " says Patricia Loder , the executive director of The Compassionate Friends , a foundation that supports those who are dealing with the grief that follows the death of a child . Loder lost her two children in a car crash in 1991 and has since channeled her grief into helping others . 8-year-old Bombing victim greeted dad at finish line "  One of the most important things is to listen to what the parents have to say . I call it ` the head and the heart . ' Their head knows their child has died , but their heart does n't want to believe it , " says Loder . CNN 's photo gallery of the Aurora shooting victims prompted many commenters to share opinions on what to say and what not to say when talking to bereaved parents : CNN commenter "  Nellen " said : "  When you want to comfort a parent whose child has died , please do n't say ' I ca n't imagine ... ' I do n't know why , but when people say this , and I hear people on air saying it all the time , it upsets me . My son died 2 years ago , and the way I interpret those words might seem skewed , but I ca n't help it . I hear those words as saying : ` That could never happen to me ' or ` You are so different from me I ca n't relate ' ... " CNN commenter "  sallyforth88 " responded : "  When people , who are trying to comfort someone , say things like , ' I ca n't imagine , ' they really , probably CA N'T imagine because it 's never happened to them . Would you rather have someone say to you , ' I know what you must be feeling ? ' I find saying something like that is 10 times worse . But they are just trying to comfort you . Please do n't be so sensitive when people are only trying to help ... some people do n't know what in the heck to say . " Surviving with the guilt of living Sometimes it 's not what you say , it 's what you do n't say , according to psychiatrist Abigail Brenner . "  The best thing to do is be around and listen to the parents , and try not to inject your own opinion , " says Brenner . "  Inevitably most people have never lost a child , so saying ' I know how you feel ' is not going to help . " Even if you have lost a child , Brenner says the phrase "  I know how you feel " is too subjective : every parent 's response is different . Some people try to make the best of it ; some people fall apart ; some people get angry ; some people try and channel it into something positive . "  They think they must say something . We 're a society where we 're uncomfortable with silence . We think we need to put a reason why this happened out there , " says Loder . Sometimes just being present is the best thing you can do . Let the parents know you 're there for them : pass them a tissue , rub their back , allow their tears fall onto your shoulder . "  You do n't have to say a lot or try to take the pain away . Words like ' I am so sorry ' or ' I am here for you ' can be healing . It 's important to acknowledge their pain and not change the subject or tell them it 's not so bad , " says clinical psychologist Melanie Greenberg , who specializes in grief and trauma . And while it 's easy to try to find that proverbial silver lining or light at the end of the tunnel , Brenner says comments such as "  this will pass " should be avoided , because while the grief may pass , the memories of the child wo n't -- and should n't . "  The whole idea of finishing grief does n't mean you stop mourning a child or you get over it , but the thing is you have to have closure on the emotional life . You carry the memory . You want to be able to move on . " After loss , one father 's walk to pound grief into the ground Please share the words and actions that have helped you through traumatic events in the comments section below .	Veronica Moser-Sullivan , 6 , was the youngest to die in the 2012 Aurora , Colorado , shootings Grief experts say the loss of a child brings a special kind of despair Psychiatrists recommend simply listening to a grieving parent 's feelings Do n't try to tell a grieving parent you know how they feel ; just be there to listen
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Attackers wielding rockets and machine guns in northwestern Pakistan struck a NATO convoy carrying fuel to Afghanistan , a local police chief said on Wednesday . Nisar Ahmed Tanoli , the police chief of Noshehra district in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , said 17 oil tankers and four containers were all set ablaze . This convoy was parked on side of the road , and convoys are generally operated by contracting Pakistani logistics firms , using local trucks and drivers . This is the latest strike on Afghan-bound supply convoys in Pakistan . Azam Tariq , the central spokesman for Pakistani Taliban , said a special squad designated to strike NATO supply efforts made the attack near Quetta , Pakistan . The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for an earlier attack on oil tankers , a spokesman for the militant group told CNN by phone Wednesday . Quetta police said 20 oil tankers parked near that city were set ablaze Wednesday , and one person died in the attack . Shah Nawaz , a senior Quetta police official , said more than 12 gunmen in three vehicles opened fire on the tanker trucks . He said the person who died was killed in the shooting . Nawaz said the gunmen also threw petrol bombs on the trucks . Of the 20 tankers that caught fire , nine were destroyed . At least five other attacks have been carried out on vehicles carrying supplies for NATO forces in the past week , leaving at least six people dead . The Pakistani Taliban has also claimed responsibility for two of the earlier attacks on convoys . "  The oil and the machinery is for logistic support to the NATO forces who killed our innocent sisters and brothers in Afghanistan , which we would never allow , " Tariq said Wednesday . Pakistan closed the main land route for NATO supplies crossing from Pakistan to Afghanistan -- known as the Torkham border -- after U.S. helicopter strikes across the border killed two Pakistani soldiers . A report from a NATO and Pakistan assessment team concluded that soldiers fired warning shots to let them know of their presence , but the helicopter crews assumed they were insurgents and fired the shots . "  Two coalition helicopters passed into Pakistan airspace several times . Subsequently , the helicopters fired on a building later identified as a Pakistan border outpost , in response to shots fired from the post . The assessment team considered it most probable that they had fired in an attempt to warn the helicopters of their presence . Unfortunately , following the engagement , it was discovered that the dead and wounded were members of the Pakistan Frontier Scouts , " NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . A second supply route through Chaman -- in the western province of Balochistan -- is open , but the Pakistani Taliban is threatening violence on any route used for NATO purposes . "  Our special squad will make -LSB- the -RSB- supply line to NATO through Chaman border as impossible as we did in Torkham border , " Tariq said Wednesday . Nawaz , the police official , said authorities have also felt an impact . "  After closing of the Torkham border for NATO supplies , pressure on the Chaman border has become almost doubled , which is creating security problems for us , " he said . Tariq said this week that the earlier Pakistani Taliban attacks were carried out as revenge for drone strikes and NATO 's attacks in Pakistan . "  U.S. and NATO forces are killing innocent Pakistanis , which is unacceptable , and we will teach them a lesson by such attacks , " Tariq said . Supply convoys are important for the Afghan war effort . Coalition forces rely heavily on convoys from Pakistan to bring in supplies and gear . In Washington Tuesday , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said that attacks on fuel convoys interrupt a tiny fraction of U.S. war supplies . "  There have been attacks historically on NATO convoys passing through Pakistan to Afghanistan . And they are sometimes sensational and they are sometimes horrific and they are sometimes deadly and that is tragic , " Morrell said . "  But if you put this in context and in perspective , we 're talking about ... impacting about 1 percent of the supplies that we funnel through Pakistan into Afghanistan . " CNN 's Fred Pleitgen and Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	NEW : Another strike on oil tankers is reported The Pakistani Taliban says it has a special squad to attack NATO supply efforts A local police official says police are experiencing security problems
CNN  -- Days ahead of another anniversary of the bloody Tibetan uprising -- and six decades after Communists took over the region -- Chinese government officials stressed the need for "  stability " in the disputed territory while promising "  reform " and infrastructure upgrades . President Hu Jintao focused on spurring economic growth and increasing Beijing 's investment in the region Sunday during a speech to Tibet 's delegation to the Chinese national legislature . "  Meticulous efforts must be paid to the tasks of reform , development and stability to  bolster  development and maintain perennial stability in Tibet , " Hu said , according to a report in the state-run Xinhua news agency . These remarks were among a host of Tibet-centric announcements Sunday -- four days before March 10 , which will mark 52 years since the start of the largest , and deadliest , clashes between independence-minded Tibetans and forces aligned with the central Communist government in Beijing . That day in 1959 , about 300,000 people surrounded Norbulinka palace , according to the advocacy group Free Tibet , fearful the Dalai Lama would be forcibly taken to Beijing . Tensions ratcheted up further and eventually exploded into violence , with Free Tibet estimating more than 85,000 Tibetans were killed by Chinese armed forces in a few days . The Dalai Lama , then 23 , escaped on horseback to India . Establishing a home in the hill town of Dharamsala , he also has travelled the world giving speeches , attended meditation conferences and met people from CEOs to Hollywood stars to heads of state -- all while remaining head of Tibet 's government-in-exile . In 2009 , 20 years after winning the Nobel Peace Prize , he said the Chinese government has made life "  hell on Earth " for Tibetans ever since that foiled rebellion . Yet , even as the Dalai Lama has said Tibet desires autonomy and cultural continuity but not necessarily full independence from Beijing , China 's central government has viewed him as a troublemaker intent on destroying the nation 's sovereignty . Combating "  anything that could sabotage stability " was a key theme Sunday for Zhang Qinli , the Beijing-backed Communist party chief of the Tibetan region , according to another Xinhua report . Zhang said there were "  very grave challenges " from separatists in Tibet , 60 years after what he called the "  peaceful liberation " of Tibet by Communist forces led by Mao Zedong . He warned that Tibet "  will not develop " economically without stability . "  The majority of the Tibetan people are unwilling to suffer from social unrest , " Zhang said . Hu and Zhang both touted a desire to jump-start development in the remote area , and several other officials offered specific proposals to that end . Among them , China 's transportation minister Li Shenglin said Sunday that all counties in Tibet would have paved roadways by 2015 . While not giving a currency amount for the project 's cost , he said Beijing would double its current investment -- so that almost all villages would be accessible via highways by adding 12,000 kilometers  7,500 miles  of blacktop , over the next five years . A network of "  expressways , " too , should soon link the Tibetan cities of Lhasa , Xigaze , Nagqu , Shannan and Nyingchi , Li said in the Xinhua report . Another official told the news agency that a new train line -- also to be built by 2015 -- would drastically cut travel time between the capitals of the provinces of ethnic Tibet and Xinjiang . The creation of a new railway between Golmud in northwestern Qinghai province and Korla in Xinjiang would mean travelers between Lhasa , Tibet , and Urumqi , Xinjiang , would have to traverse 1,000 fewer kilometers  621 miles  in track than they now do . "  The new railway line will play a significant role in boosting the economic development in the country 's western regions and promoting exchanges among different ethnic groups , " said Luo Yulin , vice governor of Qinghai .	Thursday is the anniversary of the Tibetan uprising , after which the Dalai Lama fled On Sunday , China 's president says "  reform , development and stability " are needed in Tibet A Communist leader points to "  very grave challenges " from separatists in Tibet Chinese officials announce plans to add more roads and a key railway in the region
CNN  -- Days after a nationally renowned criminal law professor was found with a gunshot wound to his head , his death is being investigated as a homicide . Florida State University professor Dan Markel was found in his Tallahassee , Florida , home on Friday . Police say there were no signs of robbery or burglary and have yet to disclose any motive . According to Tallahassee police , officers found Markel after a neighbor called 911 at about 11 a.m. with reports of a "  loud bang . " Markel , 41 , was rushed to a local hospital , where he died the following day . "  While we can not release specific information or details regarding this case , the Violent Crimes Unit is releasing that Mr. Markel 's cause of death was a fatal gunshot wound to the head , " Tallahassee Police Chief Michael DeLeo said in a statement . By Monday , police had categorized the case as a homicide , and according to Tallahassee Police Department spokesman David Northway , Markel was the intended target . Police created a tip line and offered a $ 3,000 reward . Within 24 hours , authorities received several leads , which they are pursuing , Northway said . Authorities are also asking anyone who was in Markel 's neighborhood between 10 a.m. and noon Friday to contact police . "  This includes delivery drivers , visitors to the neighborhood or even pedestrians that were walking in the area who may have seen or heard anything that would lead investigators to the suspect in this case , " a police news release says . Though police assured the community that Markel 's killing was not likely a random act , there was still confusion and concern in Tallahassee . "  We were all shocked , " former student Tony Fusco told CNN affiliate WCTV . "  We did n't know why . We did n't know how . We just heard he was gone , and it was a big shock to all of us . " According to the university , Markel began working at FSU in 2005 after receiving his bachelor 's at Harvard College , a master 's from the University of Cambridge and a law degree from Harvard . During his FSU tenure , the Toronto native taught several classes and wrote extensively about criminal law , including articles published in the Yale Law Review , among others . Markel also founded PrawfsBlawg , a blog focused on law and life , and his writing appeared in publications such as The New York Times , Slate , The Jerusalem Post and The Atlantic Monthly . On Sunday , friends , family members , students and colleagues gathered at a Tallahassee synagogue to remember the father and scholar , according to WCTV . "  I am filled with awe and appreciation for the support of our friends and family and particularly for the show of admiration , respect and love for Danny from this Tallahassee family , " his sister , Shelly Markel , said , according to the station . On the PrawfsBlawg front page , 10 fellow law professors posted about the respect they had for Markel and the mutual love he shared with his friends and family . "  His boundless energy was at the center of this community ; it made it run , it gave it life . We are stunned and bereaved by his loss , and our thoughts go to his two little boys , who were precious to him , and to his family . " Florida State also issued a statement , saying in part : "  His contributions to Florida State University College of Law and the broader legal community are pervasive and lasting . ... We will feel his loss for many years to come . " Markel was divorced from fellow FSU law professor Wendi Adelson last summer , according to her attorney , Jimmy Judkins . "  She is a basket case , distraught , very emotional , " said Judkins , who told CNN his client has no idea why this happened . Police have been in contact with Adelson , the attorney said . Three New Mexico teens charged with killing homeless men New York man dies after chokehold by police Remains found in Mexico identified as those of missing American	Dan Markel was found fatally wounded after neighbor reports "  loud bang " to 911 There were no signs of robbery or burglary , but Markel was "  target , " police say Professor was published in Yale Law Review , The New York Times , Slate , others His ex-wife is "  distraught " after crime and unsure why he 'd be targeted , lawyer says
Cairo  CNN  -- A fire erupted at the entrance to Egypt 's presidential palace Friday night as protesters hurled Molotov cocktails and rocks at security forces , who responded with tear gas and water cannon . One person was fatally shot during clashes , according to an official from Cairo 's Heliopolis Hospital , and authorities were seen dragging away demonstrators . Egyptian television aired live footage of security forces beating a naked man on the ground . The Ministry of Interior said it would investigate the incident . The nation has been rocked by violence since last week 's second anniversary of its revolution . Protesters have fumed over the slow pace of change and recent edicts by President Mohammed Morsy , who imposed a 30-day curfew on areas engulfed by violence . State TV reported that security forces were clearing the area in front of the palace as rioting continued . "  The continued attacks suggest a real breakdown in central power , we 're coming close to that , " said Steven Cook , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . "  None of the political forces have control over the people in the streets . " Amid the political and economic discontent , Morsy and opposition groups vowed to keep their supporters off the streets in an effort to avoid further bloodshed . Fear and loathing in Egypt : The fallout from Port Said Earlier this week , anti-government protesters ignored Morsy 's curfew in cities along the Suez Canal and clashed with police and military troops , raising more questions about the stability of the Middle East 's most populous nation . Outgoing U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , in an interview with CNN this week , echoed concerns about what a collapse of the Egyptian state could mean for the broader region . "  I think that would lead to incredible chaos and violence on a scale that would be devastating , " she said Tuesday at the State Department . "  There has to be some understanding by the new government that the aspirations that the people were expressing during the revolution in Egypt have to be taken seriously . " Friday 's protests are the latest in the seesaw struggle between Egypt 's first democratically elected president and dissidents who say his leadership is a throwback to past dictatorships , particularly the reign of President Hosni Mubarak , who was toppled two years ago in the popular revolt . Could Egypt fall apart ? Dozens of deaths have resulted , prompting Navi Pillay , the U.N. high commissioner for human rights , to denounce the violence and call for dialogue among all parties . She said Morsy 's state of emergency declaration should be governed by the rule of law , in line with international standards , and urged him to listen to the demands of demonstrators and take action to deal with problems in the judicial system . After deadly riot , Egypt 's football season opens , with no fans in the stands Journalist Sarah El Sirgany contributed to this report .	One person is killed in clashes outside the presidential palace , a hospital says Protesters hurl Molotov cocktails and rocks ; security forces respond with tear gas Egypt has been embroiled in violence since last week Protesters , security forces battle outside presidential palace
CNN  -- Do you know who Fonso was ? Or how about Hindoo ? Can you tell me what Joe Cotton did ? Ben Brush ? Judge Himes ? George Smith ? Paul Jones ? I can . Each of them won the Kentucky Derby horse race .  Each of them , by the way , was a horse , not a human being . OK , now can you tell me what each of them did n't do ? I can . Each of them did not go on to win horse racing 's Triple Crown . I can also tell you why . Because it is a really hard thing to win , that 's why . Animal welfare activists : Horse racing industry needs reform Bet you do n't know Burgoo King . Hahaha , he made Whoppers , I beat you to it . Laughing out loud here . OK , now I will tell you the sweet and sad tale of Burgoo King , and how maybe he could have become one of the most famous racehorses of all time , a Secretariat , a Seabiscuit , a Man O ' War . In 1932 , when a lot of people were depressed with a capital D , a lot of them were impressed by Burgoo King when he won the Kentucky Derby by three lengths and then the Preakness by a head . He and the 19-year-old boy in his saddle had a nice shot at winning the Triple Crown , which only two other horses  Sir Barton and Gallant Fox  had done . How did he do ? Well , he did n't . Burgoo King was a no-go no-show . He skipped the Belmont Stakes entirely . Did not run . He was "  scratched , " as they say at the track , just as I 'll Have Another was turned into I 've Had Enough by his keepers on the eve of today 's scheduled Belmont race . Overheard on CNN.com : If wishes were horses , ` Another ' Secretariat would rise Would you like to know why ? I have no idea . Some horse whisperers spread gossip that Burgoo King 's paperwork did not get filled out in time . Others said he must have gotten hurt , but no one confirmed it . All anybody knows for sure is , Burgoo King sizzled , then fizzled . He would not run another race for two full years , and his young jockey was found in Lake Michigan , drowned . Bet you do n't know Tim Tam , either . In 1958 , when folks were giving thought to buying one of Ford 's really cool new cars , the Edsel , a lot of them were impressed by Tim Tam when he took the Kentucky Derby with a tremendous stretch run , then ran first in the Preakness , as well . A few thousand folks laid bets that Tim Tam would do what no horse since the '40s had done : wear the Crown . But , alas , a bone that he fractured during the race caused poor Tim to hobble home in second place . Fame , fortune , immortality ... a kingdom for any 3-year-old horse who could win the big three . Oh , to become another War Admiral , another Whirlaway , another Citation . Bet you do n't know Canonero II . He was nothing special , a pretty decent runner in Venezuela , a long shot to say the least when he got into the 1971 Kentucky Derby and sat there in 18th place , going nowhere fast . But then , all of a sudden , here came Canonero II , galloping past them all , winning by nearly four lengths . And after that , why , there he was again , winning the Preakness in a record time . A horse for the ages . That was him . All he needed to do was win that darn Belmont , and maybe he would have , if not for a foot infection that was to blame when he limped home behind Pass Catcher and two others , out of the money in fourth place , then out of sight , then out of mind . Secretariat came along two years later and stole his thunder , not to mention his book and movie deals . I went to the Belmont for the 2004 race . So did a throng of 120,139 , the largest crowd in history for a New York sporting event . And why were we all there ? To see Smarty Jones . He was going to do it . The first Triple Crown since 1979 and Affirmed was about to be his . Silver Charm was going to do it in 1997 , but he ran out of steam in the Belmont at the wire . Funny Cide was going to do it in 2003 , but he slogged along in the mud and ran a hard-luck third . News : No shot at Triple Crown as favored colt is scratched from Belmont Stakes Ah , but sweet little Smarty , he could n't miss . He was undefeated . He could run in the rain , as he demonstrated at Churchill Downs while taking the Derby by nearly three lengths . He could run Secretariat-style and leave everyone else gagging on his dust , as he showed at the Preakness while winning by more than 11 lengths . A lock , that 's what he was . "  I got the horse right here , " I sang that June 5 , 2004 , day , doing my "  Guys and Dolls " bit , slapping a Racing Form against my palm . My old crony Mark Kram , the great Philadelphia sportswriter , was by my side . "  Who else do you like , " he asked . "  Nobody else , " I said . "  Come on , " he cajoled , not liking the favorite 's short odds . "  Who else ? " I sized up the tote board , consulted the handicappers , studied my charts , played my hunch . "  Birdstone , " I said . He was 36-to-1 . My poor pal Kram gave me the evil eye . He had a $ 20 bill that he did n't want to waste . We put down a double sawbuck each . We waited for the trumpet to play , 10 minutes to post time . We observed a minute of silence for President Reagan , who passed away that same day . I said aloud that Birdstone definitely had a shot . I said to myself , "  Smarty Jones could outrun that nag with three legs . " Smarty Jones ran second that day . He was caught in the final few strides by some four-legged history-wrecker called Birdstone . I would see no Triple Crown won that day . Nor would I in 2008 , when the 3-to-10 favorite Big Brown was a sure thing , ca n't miss , easy money . He finished ninth . Dead last . Horse racing . I have had good days . I have had bad days . I 'll have another and another . I thought Saturday would be a great day -- an unforgettable day for an unforgettable horse . But you know what ? I 've forgotten him already . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	Mike Downey says many horses have won the Kentucky Derby , but not the Triple Crown Why ? It 's really hard to do . Like I 'll Have Another at Belmont Stakes , they were scratched Many high-hopes horses have met last minute trouble , been denied Triple Crown , he says Downey : Racing has good days and bad ; I 'll Have Another already forgotten
London  CNN  -- British police have decided not to press any charges against the elderly couple who had been unknowingly cultivating a huge cannabis plant in their garden . The plant was seized Monday in Bedfordshire , central England . The police later posted a picture on Twitter with comments : "  Elderly couple bought shrub at car boot sale , " adding that it was the "  biggest cannabis plant we had seen !! " The police picture posted on Twitter shows a fully grown shrub with thick foliage in the front garden . A police spokeswoman told CNN : "  The plant was mistakenly bought by the elderly couple . We will not be pressing any charges . We have seized it and will dispose it . " She also said that unlike what has been reported in some newspapers there was no "  raid . " ' "  The property was not raided , " she said . The police tweet , however , led to many comical reactions including on newspapers sites that carried the story . A Mail Online reader commented : "  Do n't buy ` pot ' plants at car boot sales ! Simples . " Cannabis is classified as a Class B drug in Britain under the Misuse of Drugs Act . The maximum penalty for supplying or producing cannabis is 14 years imprisonment and/or unlimited fine . The cannabis plant has psychoactive compounds with mood and behavior-altering properties . The plant is used both for making recreational drugs and medicine . Organized crime gangs have often used in-house cannabis farms to produce the high-strength "  skunk " version of the drug .	British police : Elderly couple unknowingly cultivated cannabis plant in garden Officers said it was "  biggest cannabis plant we had seen " Police picture posted on Twitter shows fully grown shrub with thick foliage
London  CNN  -- As the United States and its allies wrestle with how to respond to the possibility that the Syrian regime used chemical weapons against its own people , a new poll for CNN finds Washington 's European allies distinctly lukewarm on military intervention . The French are more willing than the British or the Germans to launch missile strikes on Syria , but even there , only one in three people backs bombing . One out of five Germans is in favor of missile strikes , while the number is even lower in the United Kingdom , at 16 % . France 's parliament is due to debate possible action on Syria on Wednesday . Last week , Britain 's House of Commons rejected even the possibility of a military strike on Syria , in a vote that shocked Prime Minister David Cameron and raised questions about the so-called "  special relationship " between Washington and London . President Obama is lobbying members of Congress to back military action against Syria , where President Bashar al-Assad is accused of using chemical weapons on August 21 . President Obama had said in the past that the use of chemical weapons would be a "  red line . " The survey , conducted by the polling agency ComRes for CNN on August 30 -- after the British vote -- found economic sanctions to be the most popular course of action in all three countries polled . More than half of Germans -- 55 % -- backed tightening economic sanctions , while 46 % of British people and 39 % of French people did . Poll respondents were allowed to choose more than one option from a list of "  most appropriate responses , " which included tightening sanctions , establishing a no-fly zone over Syria , striking Syria with missiles , invading with a ground force and doing nothing . More than one in five Germans favored doing nothing  22 %  , as did more than one in four French people  27 %  and nearly one in three British people  30 %  . But about half of British people said it would be appropriate for their country to engage in military intervention if the United Nations found evidence Assad had used chemical weapons or if the U.N. explicitly sanctioned the use of force . Just under half of German people agreed , as did 35 % of French respondents . The poll did throw up some surprising paradoxes . Germans were the most likely of the three countries to say they should not engage in military intervention under any circumstances -- but also the most likely to say that military intervention could help stop Assad from using chemical weapons in the future and enable positive regime change . The poll was conducted online on August 30 , sampling 500 adults each in France , Germany and the United Kingdom . Data were weighted to be demographically representative by age , gender and region of all UK , French and German adults aged 18 and up . The margin of error is plus or minus 4.38 percentage points . Syrian crisis : Latest developments	The French are more likely to back missile strikes than Germans or British Even in France , only one in three supports strikes on Syria Half of British people support military intervention if the U.N. approved it or found chemical weapons use The agency ComRes polled 500 people online in each of the three countries
CNN  -- The slow process of updating the rules that dictate when and if you can use electronic devices on airplanes is inching along , with one major agency urging more freedom to use tablets , e-readers and other gadgets . In August , the FAA announced plans for a working group that would study the issue of portable electronics on flights and then make suggestions for changes . Now that committee is starting to come together . On Thursday , the Federal Communications Commission sent a letter to the Federal Aviation Administration , officially announcing who will represent the FCC in the working group . The letter also included words of support for the initiative . The letter was first obtained by The Hill blog . "  I write to urge the FAA to enable greater use of tablets , e-readers , and other portable electronic devices during flight , consistent with public safety , " FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski said in the letter . The working group will also include representatives from the electronics industry , pilots and flight attendant groups , plane manufacturers and other government agencies . Once established , the representatives will meet for six months and eventually give suggestions to the FAA about what devices are safe to use onboard and when they can be used . The group will not discuss cell phone use in the air , which is banned by the FCC because of the potential for interference with wireless networks on the ground . The other rules for gadget use on planes are established by the FAA , including a ban against the use of personal electronics during takeoff and landing , when the plane is below 10,000 feet . Electronic health devices such as hearing aids and pacemakers are allowed at all times . The FAA regulations can be frustrating to passengers , but they are in place to prevent interference with planes ' communication and navigation systems . While there has n't been any conclusive proof that devices such as tablets and e-readers are a danger , a study last year found 75 instances of interference that may have been related to personal electronic devices . While Thursday 's FCC letter does n't reveal anything new about the process , the reaction in the news and on social networks is telling . People are eager for the FAA and airlines to catch up with the latest technology . They want to read their Kindles during take-off , listen to soothing music on smartphones in airplane mode during turbulence and silence fussy children with cartoons on 7-inch tablets .	The FAA is assembling a group of experts to update rules for electronics on planes In letter to FAA , FCC announced who would represent the agency on the committee It could be a year or more before any changes are made to existing rules
CNN  -- A Syrian army helicopter dropped barrel bombs on a vegetable market in Aleppo on Thursday , killing 24 people , opposition activists said . Dozens more were injured in the attack on the opposition-held town of Atareb , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria . Barrel bombs , which are drums packed with explosives and shrapnel , can level entire buildings with one hit . Rescue efforts were under way as volunteers used bulldozers to clear wreckage and remove the rubble of the bombed buildings , according to the opposition . It posted purported videos of the attacks on social media . Another airstrike targeted the nearby village of Tal Rifaat , the group said . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the reports or the videos . The attack comes days after several U.S. officials said the Syrian government may have used chlorine gas in a deadly attack on its people . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the United States "  had indications of the use of a toxic industrial chemical , probably chlorine , in Syria this month in the opposition-dominated village of Kfar Zeita . " If true , a chlorine attack would undermine a deal brokered by Russia last fall and approved by the U.N. Security Council that requires Syria to surrender its chemical weapons to the international community . The Syrian opposition does not have helicopters to carry and deliver such weapons , and has been trading accusations about the April 11 chlorine incident with the government . The United Nations says more than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria since the opposition launched anti-government protests in 2011 .	Barrel bombs are drums packed with explosives and shrapnel They can level entire buildings with one hit Days earlier , U.S. officials accused Syria of using chlorine gas in a deadly attack
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The City Council of Fullerton , California , approved Tuesday evening the hiring of an independent consultant to reform the city 's police force and review last month 's arrest and subsequent death of a homeless schizophrenic man , a spokeswoman said . Before a gallery of residents angry about the death , the council voted 5-0 to award a one-year $ 50,000 contract to Michael J. Gennaco , a consultant whose rate is $ 260 an hour , to examine the police department 's policies and practices , city spokeswoman Sylvia Palmer Mudrick said . The council then approved 4-1 a second contract , also for up to a year , paying Gennaco $ 30,000 to prepare a public report looking at the July 5 incident involving police and the death of Kelly Thomas , Mudrick said . Gennaco told the council he will begin investigating the death after the Orange County District Attorney 's office completes its own inquiry into the incident , Mudrick said . Gennaco is currently chief attorney for a civilian oversight committee created by the Los Angeles County supervisors to monitor the sheriff 's department . Thomas , 37 , died five days after what the Orange County district attorney has called "  a violent and desperate struggle " last month with Fullerton police . Meanwhile , a Los Angeles attorney said he is planning to file a police brutality lawsuit in federal court this week against Fullerton officers in a new unrelated case . But one of the officers in that case was also involved in the Thomas arrest , said the attorney , Garo Mardirossian . Mardirossian is also representing Thomas ' father , Ron , who is alleging that his son was a victim of police brutality and has notified Fullerton city officials that he plans to pursue legal action against them . In the second alleged instance of police brutality , Veth Mam , 31 , of Orange County , California , had an altercation with Fullerton police officers in October that was recorded on his iPhone and posted on YouTube . Mam was n't seriously injured , Mardirossian said . Mam , who works in an automation factory , was acquitted of battery against an officer and resisting arrest -- both misdemeanors -- last month , Mardirossian said . On Tuesday , acting Fullerton police chief Kevin Hamilton , named to the post last week , said he was concerned about the Mam case based upon information brought to his attention . He has ordered an internal affairs investigation "  to determine what happened that evening in October 2010 and the court case this year , " said police spokesman Sgt. Andrew Goodrich "  There is a strong possibility that we arrested the wrong person that night  Veth Mam  , " Goodrich said in an e-mail to CNN . Mardirossian claims the iPhone video by Mam contradicted the police report and an officer 's testimony in the case . How Fullerton police officers write their reports is also a matter of controversy in the Thomas case because officers were allowed to view a videotape of the Thomas arrest before filing their reports , Mardirossian said Tuesday . In the federal lawsuit to be filed later this week , Mam will claim conspiracy to falsify arrest reports , conspiracy to violate the civil rights of a citizen and police brutality , Mardirossian said . Mardirossian said the suit will support his claim that the Fullerton Police Department engages in a "  pattern or practice " of civil rights violations . Fullerton Deputy City Attorney James Touchstone declined to comment Tuesday on the anticipated legal actions by Thomas ' father and by Mam . Touchstone and police spokesman Goodrich also declined to comment on Mardirossian 's accusation that one Fullerton police officer was also involved in both cases . Mardirossian identified that officer , but city officials declined to confirm the name Tuesday . The attorney for the six officers did n't return phone calls Tuesday . Meanwhile , Thomas ' father and some angry residents have been pressing city officials to release a videotape of the six Fullerton police officers engaged in the arrest and alleged beating . City officials have declined to release the tape . In the July 5 incident , six officers responded to reports that a man was trying to break into cars near a bus depot , according to police . The officers have been placed on involuntary paid administrative leave , and city officials have n't released their names . Police Chief Michael Sellers has also taken a paid medical leave , as two of the city 's five council members have called upon him to resign . Gennaco has said he will look at how Fullerton police officers wrote their reports only after watching the videotape . He said police departments have different policies on whether officers can look at their tapes before writing their reports . Gennaco said taxpayers could expect police "  reform " out of his work . Meanwhile , there are two external investigations into the death , by the FBI and the Orange County district attorney 's office . The FBI is looking at civil rights violations . Also , residents notified the city that they are going to start a recall petition drive for the other three members on the city council : Mayor F. Richard Jones , Mayor Pro Tem Don Bankhead and Councilman Pat McKinley . The mayor and mayor pro tem positions are one-year terms rotated among the five council members , officials said . CNN 's Irving Last , Stan Wilson and Marie Malzberg contributed to this report .	NEW : The Fullerton City Council approves two contracts totaling $ 80,000 NEW : The contracts authorize the consultant to investigate police practices and the man 's death NEW : The consultant will charge the city $ 260 an hour Kelly Thomas , 37 , died five days after an altercation with arresting officers in July
CNN  -- Picture this scene : an iPad resting on a table with the familiar 2D image from a video call on the screen . The flat display shows your caller 's upper body , talking away . But below this their hands and arms reach up out of the tabletop into the physical world , gently lifting a small red ball off the table and passing it from one digitally-recreated hand to the other . It can already happen . It 's the work of the inFORM Dynamic Shape Display : a tabletop covered in miniature white squares that rise up like towers , to turn digital content into physical objects . Used in conjunction with a 3D sensor , like Microsoft 's Kinect , it can capture a person 's physical appearance and reproduce it in tiny skyscraper-like "  pixel " blocks -- on-the-fly , anywhere in the world . "  Essentially it 's very similar to those kind of pin toys that you might know from museum novelty stores , " explains MIT 's Daniel Leithinger , part of the Tangible Media Group behind the inFORM . Similar -- yes -- just a lot more impressive . To add color to the block shapes , a projector on the ceiling beams down light , turning the towers psychedelic hues as Leithinger demonstrates the table 's capabilities . It also has a deeper purpose -- communicating an extra layer of information from the sender to the receiver on the other end : "  When you move your hands , not only do you have the shape of the hands , but you also see the color , the texture of the hands , " says Leithinger . Leithinger shows off a couple of the table 's party tricks : sculpting a model car from the blocks , coloring it in , and video-chatting about it with a colleague -- allowing them both to get hands-on with the model , regardless of physical distance . The display doubles as an active controller , allowing a user to interact with 3D menus constructed by the table by moving the little red ball . "  It 's not real 3D because we can only push up and down each one of these pins , " says Leithinger . "  We ca n't push them sideways or have any other control over them at the moment -- we usually call this affect ' 2.5 D' " Even so , the inFORM 's remarkable capabilities seem to given some users big ideas . "  A lot of comments we get are like -- ` Oh , it 's like a super power ' , " he laughs . They say it feels like being X-Men nemesis Magneto , he explains -- suddenly having the power to manipulate the world at a distance , just with a wave of your hand . For Leithinger , his ambitions are a little more down to earth . "  In the future , where we hope to get is something like , say , a phone that you could have in your pocket , and as you interact with things on the phone you can actually touch them . " It remains to be seen whether or not users will be excited about a smartphone that can poke them back . Leithinger , for one , has a good feeling about it .	The inFORM Dynamic Shape Display is a table that can render 3D content physically Using a Kinect sensor , users can create a 3D likeness of their hands The display can also be used as a controller
CNN  -- A car bomb exploded on a busy shopping street in the Northern Ireland town of Omagh 10 years ago Friday -- the single deadliest attack in the 30-year conflict between Roman Catholics and Protestants . A memorial has been built for the 29 people killed and 300 injured in the Omagh bombing . The blast killed 29 people , including a woman pregnant with twins , and wounded more than 300 . It occurred at the tail-end of the bloody period known as the Troubles , which lasted from the late 1960s to late 1990s . It was also four months after the signing of the Good Friday peace accord -- which ushered in a new era in the region despite the continuation of some fighting . The 500-pound bomb struck on a busy summer Saturday when people were out shopping on the main street in the market town . The attackers called in a bomb threat but gave police the wrong location for the bomb , leading authorities to evacuate people from the center of town to the end of the street , right where the bomb went off . Watch a family remember child killed in bombing " Local authorities plan a 45-minute service Friday with prayers and singing to commemorate the anniversary . They plan a moment of silence at 3:10 p.m.  10:10 a.m. ET  , the time the bomb exploded on August 15 , 1998 . "  All I can remember is going up . I went up and I came down and I hit something very , very hard , " says Doreen Preston , who lost her right leg and two fingers of her right hand in the bombing . "  A soldier told me I hit the footpath . But as far as I was concerned , I thought I hit a telegraph pole 'cause all I could see was sparks and -LSB- the -RSB- smell of rubber . " Preston was working at Watterson 's , a drapery and linen shop on the high street along with her best friend , Veda Short . They had worked together at the shop for 26 years , along with friends Geraldine Breslin and Anne McCombe . As police evacuated people from the area , the women were herded along with others to the spot where the bomb went off . Preston was the only one of the women to survive . "  I looked down and I could see Anne 's skirt , and I thought , ` Oh , poor Anne 's been injured , too , ' " Preston said . "  I thought , ` Where 's the rest of the girls ? ' And they were n't -- I could n't see anybody . " Preston spent more than four months in the hospital , at times so close to death that she planned the hymns for her own funeral , Preston said . She described anguish at learning her friends were killed . "  I miss them terribly , " Preston said . "  Veda was like a sister to me . " The Real IRA , a dissident republican paramilitary group , claimed responsibility for the bombing . The Real IRA opposed the peace plan , which had the cooperation of the mainstream IRA , or Irish Republican Army . Only one man , Colm Murphy , was ever convicted in the bombing , but his conviction for plotting the attack was overturned and a retrial is pending . A second man , Sean Hoey , was brought to trial , but a judge ruled last December there was not enough evidence to convict him . Families of the victims have said they are angry that so many people who must have had a part in the bombing -- from the scouts and plotters to the bombmakers -- are still free . Watch a survivor tell her story " "  I think there is a lot more information , " said Michael Gallagher , whose 19-year-old son Aiden was killed in the bombing . "  I think the intelligence services have not fully cooperated with the investigation . " Survivors have waged their own fight to get over the physical and emotional scars from that day . "  My father said , and I do believe his words , there 's a time for you to be born into this world and a time for you to be taken out of it , " said Preston , who has wondered why she was spared . "  That 's quite true , 'cause it 's -LSB- been -RSB- proved . 'Cause all those people round me were all taken and I was saved . But in saying that , it was a hard fight , a very hard fight . "	Omagh bombing killed 29 people , including a woman pregnant with twins The attackers called in a bomb threat but gave police the wrong location Real IRA , a dissident republican paramilitary group , claimed responsibility
Reporter Francis Scarcella walked into the Northumberland County Prison in Sunbury , Pennsylvania , with plenty of questions for the woman accused along with her husband of luring a man with a Craigslist ad , then killing him . He walked out with a bombshell of a story that 's sent police and the press alike scrambling for answers . Miranda Barbour told Scarcella , a reporter for the Daily Item newspaper in Sunbury , that she 'd killed before . And not just once or twice . "  She said , she has , you know , done this before , " Scarcella told CNN affiliate WNEP of his Friday interview with the 19-year-old murder suspect . "  And I said , ` What 's the actual number ? ' " "  And she said , ` Under a hundred , ' " Scarcella told the station . Barbour said she had stopped counting at 22 killings , according to Scarcella 's story in the Daily Item . "  She kind of floored me , " Scarcella told CNN affiliate WBRE . Barbour told the Daily Item that the killings occurred over the past six years in Alaska , Texas , North Carolina and California . That 's sent investigators in those states back to their cold-case files , but it 's also raising questions among people who study serial killers . "  Anything is possible , and of course it 's conceivable that she 's a serial killer , " Northeastern University criminologist Jack Levin told CNN . But he said few women are serial killers , and those few are typically older and do n't use knives , as Barbour is accused of doing in the Pennsylvania case . Authorities have n't yet corroborated any of Barbour 's claims , including statements that she was involved in Satanism . Her alleged confession has raised questions among attorneys , missing persons experts and even a representative of the Church of Satan , the nation 's largest satanic body . "  Thorough investigation will likely demonstrate that this cult story is fiction , " said Peter Gilmore , the New York-based head of the Church of Satan . In Alaska , state police are looking into the claims and will pursue "  any leads that may present themselves , " Department of Public Safety spokeswoman Megan Peters told CNN . And Monica Caison , the founder of a missing persons center in North Carolina , said her phone started ringing Sunday night with questions from families whose loved ones have n't turned up in years . "  It sends everybody into a panic mode -- a hopeful panic mode , " Caison said . "  They want to be one of those , but they do n't want to be one of those . They want their nightmare to end . " Police : Newlyweds lure man through Craigslist for thrill killing 2013 killing In the one case in which authorities say they have pinned down Barbour 's involvement , she and her husband , Elytte Barbour , 22 , are accused of killing 42-year-old Troy LaFerrara , who police say responded to a "  companionship " ad placed by Miranda Barbour on Craigslist . The couple just wanted to kill someone together , police said . They had been married for only three weeks at the time of the slaying , and had moved from North Carolina to Pennsylvania after tying the knot . Police say Elytte Barbour strangled LaFerrara in the front seat of her red Honda CR-V while Miranda Barbour stabbed him at least 20 times in November 2013 . LaFerrara 's body was found the next day in the backyard of a home in Sunbury , a small city about 100 miles northwest of Philadelphia . The last number dialed on his cell phone led police to the Barbours , according to authorities . Barbour claimed she began killing when she was 13 and involved in a satanic cult , Scarcella reported . "  I can pinpoint on a map where you can find them , " he quoted her as saying of the bodies . But she said LaFerrara 's killing was the Barbours ' first as a couple . Elytte Barbour told police at the time of his arrest that he and his wife had tried to kill others , but the plans did n't work out . Both Barbours face several charges in LaFerrara 's death , including murder . Despite Miranda Barbour 's statements to Scarcella , both have pleaded not guilty . Barbour 's attorney , public defender Edward Greco , told CNN he did n't know she was planning to give the interview . He declined to comment on her claims . But Levin said the way LaFerra 's body was left in someone 's yard is n't typical of serial killers . "  If you 're a prolific serial killer , you 're going to go out of your way to dump the body in a desolate area off a highway so that people do n't find the evidence , " he said . Satanists : Accused Craigslist killer not one of us Claims raise doubts Sunbury Police Chief Steve Mazzeo told CNN that investigators have been in contact with the FBI and law enforcement in some of the states where Barbour has lived . The father of Barbour 's 1-year-old child is dead , and Sunbury police have said that is part of their investigation . "  We investigate all leads just because that 's the proper protocol to follow through , " Mazzeo said . Authorities also are looking closely at Barbour 's claims that she was involved in Satanism , according to another law enforcement source close to the investigation . But Gilmore , of the Church of Satan , said his church has a "  law and order philosophy " that does not condone killing . He said the church has had no contact with Miranda Barbour or her husband . Caison , the founder of the Wilmington-based Community United Effort Center for Missing Persons , has worked with murderers before in hopes of bringing closure to people whose loved ones have n't been seen in years . In 2009 , her organization helped find the body of Alice Donovan , who was abducted and murdered seven years earlier , after Donovan 's convicted killer wrote to tell Caison where the remains could be found . "  Anytime anything like this happens , we start getting e-mails and phone calls . I started getting texts last night , " Caison said . But she said Barbour will have to be questioned extensively by investigators before those claims can be put to the test . "  You ca n't just say you 've killed 22 people between this region and that region , " Caison said . "  You 've got to give a town or something that only police or an organization like us would know . " Without details like the gender , age or race of a victim , "  We do n't even know where to start , " she said . And like Levin , she cast doubt on Barbour 's claims . "  That 's a lot of people to kill in such a short time , and being so young and never making a mistake , I 'm hard pressed to believe that amount , " she said . And for the families she works with , "  You do n't want to build any false hope . " Getting the interview Scarcella told WNEP he got the interview after Barbour sent him a letter saying she wanted to talk . Scarcella told CNN on Sunday that he was not allowed to bring a notepad or any other recording device into the interview . He said police allowed him to listen to the interview after it was conducted . In his interview with WNEP , Scarcella described Barbour as "  very meek , very mild " with a "  very low voice . " "  She never hesitated once , " he told the station . "  She never gave the impression of it was a rehearsal . " Scarcella said he eventually asked if she had any remorse . "  And she said , ` None , ' " Scarcella told WNEP . But that 's not what Scarcella said he found most surprising . That would be , he said , "  the fact that she said that if she got out she would do it again . " Woman pleads guilty in case of pushing newlywed husband off cliff Two charged in slaying of Iraq war vet who wanted to shop through Craigslist Ohio man convicted for three murders in Craigslist job ad killings	Experts question serial-killing claims Without details , "  We do n't even know where to start , " searcher says Miranda Barbour told reporter that she had killed more than 22 people across four states Barbour and her husband are charged in a November 2013 killing
Charleston , South Carolina  CNN  Thirty years or so ago , the synagogue in Washington DC where I was attending Yom Kippur services received a bomb threat . As we evacuated the building , I was concerned that people did n't seem to be taking it seriously . I was visiting from Europe , where terrorism was a fact of life , and I was scared . Throughout the 1970s and 1980s in Europe , and even beyond , far-left and far-right extremists , the IRA , radical Palestinians , and a variety of other groups carried out thousands of terror attacks , big and small , that left thousands dead or injured . Jewish , Israeli -- and American -- sites were targets of some of the most notorious attacks : from the massacre of Israeli athletes at the 1972 Munich Olympics , to plane and cruise ship hijackings , to attacks on airports , synagogues , and simply places where Jews congregated , such as the Jo Goldenberg kosher deli in Paris , where six died and 22 were wounded in a bloody attack in August 1982 . In Rome , where I lived for parts of the 1970s and '80s , we tended to avoid certain streets where El Al and U.S. airlines had their offices . The first big story I helped cover as a young reporter was a bloody attack at the city 's Fiumicino airport in December 1973 . A dozen years later , the daughter of friends was killed in another Palestinian attack there . The main synagogue in Rome has been under tight guard since Palestinian attackers threw hand grenades and sprayed machinegun fire at worshippers after services in October 1982 , killing a toddler and wounding dozens . I do n't want to discount the gravity and horror of recent terror attacks against Jewish targets in Europe , such as in Copenhagen and Paris . I just want to add some perspective . Many things have changed over the decades . Post-Cold War power vacuums and Middle East upheavals have given rise to radical Islamism and globalized Jihadist terror networks whose message , fanned out via the internet and social media , strikes a chord in disaffected youth . To be sure , Jews are being targeted . But it is important to recognize that Jews are being targeted as part of a violent campaign against western democracies and western values in general . Today 's victims of Islamist terror include Christians and Muslims as well as Jews . In the Middle East and Africa , women , children , students , and cultural heritage -- history -- are also directly targeted . In some ways , today 's Jihadist terrorists can be seen as harnessing various types of terrorism we saw in earlier decades : the anti-Jewish/anti-Israel terrorism of radical Palestinian groups and the anti-establishment , even anarchistic terrorism of homegrown groups whose aim was to sow fear and destabilize society as a means to bring down the system . Anti-Semitism takes many forms . Criticism of Israel is legitimate  and sometimes necessary  , but it can , and sometimes does , cross the line . This is n't new either , however . Jews in Europe have been regarded -- and scapegoated -- as surrogates for Israel for decades . In 1967-68 , after Israel defeated Arab states in the Six-Day War , Poland 's communist regime staged an "  anti-Zionist " campaign that forced most of the remaining Jews out of the country . At least 13,000 Jews emigrated , according to Dariusz Stola , who is now the director of the Museum of the History of Polish Jews . Other experts put the figure as high as 20,000 . This was -- and remains -- by far the most widespread episode of anti-Semitism in post-Holocaust Europe . Twenty years later , in 1988 , a report by the Anti-Defamation League warned that a significant number of anti-Semitic incidents in the United States now reflected "  a politically-related anti-Israel component . " A JTA news report at the time quoted ADL National Director Abraham Foxman as noting that the phenomenon was new in the United States , but "  it 's been a common occurrence in European countries . " Particularly worrisome , the report said , were Israel-related anti-Semitic incidents on college campuses . Sound familiar ? After the Holocaust , it was common to view Jews in Europe as sitting with their suitcases packed , just in case . But -- unlike Poland 's "  anti-Zionist " campaign -- terrorism did not prove an existential threat to Jews and did not prompt a mass exodus . Nor should -- or will -- it now . The Nazis , followed by Communist rule in half of the continent , almost succeeded in making Europe Judenrein . Following the most recent terror attacks , Jewish and European national leaders have made clear that this is not an option . Moreover , despite the terrorist threat , European governments have refused to budge in their defense of democratic values . It is wise to be on guard , of course , and there is indeed ample cause for alarm -- even fear . But we should also be on guard against something else -- against a facile temptation to cry wolf that can all too easily distort alarm into alarmism -- and fear into fear-mongering .	Ruth Ellen Gruber says the victims of today 's Islamist terror attacks include Christians and Muslims as well as Jews . She says terrorism in the 1970s and '80s did not prove an existential threat to Jews or prompt a mass exodus , and nor should it now .
CNN  -- Wladimir Klitschko has told CNN Sport that he believes he has put a touch of reality into David Haye 's life , after winning their heavyweight unification fight in Hamburg earlier this month . Klitschko , along with elder brother Vitali , spoke to CNN in London as they showed off all five belts and the Ring Magazine belt they now hold jointly between them . Both brothers are still angry with the way Haye bad-mouthed them before the fight , but Wladimir believes that his unanimous points victory might now lead to the Briton altering the way he behaves in the future . Klitschko dominates Haye in heavyweight showdown "  It was definitely nice to beat David . Aside from taking his belt it was good to just show him the way to behave properly -- it was kinda reality rehab for David Haye to become a better person , " Wladimir told Don Riddell . "  He will now be better in the ring , and outside the ring , because I think he lifted himself off the ground a bit and we have put him back down on the ground . "  I 'm very happy to achieve my goal as a therapist , as Doctor Klitschko for David Haye , and everything that is happening to him is good experience that he can not buy in a shop , " added Wladimir . "  You have to gain it in your life and that 's what 's happening to David Haye right now , so it 's a belt for me but it 's also a lesson for him for the future . " Wladimir also revealed that the victory over Haye was the highlight of his career so far , made even more special by the atmosphere generated by the 45,000 supporters in the Volksparkstadion . "  This fight was really something special for me even though it was a very rainy night . "  The stadium was amazing and there were fans present from all over the world , the United States , UK , former Soviet republics and Germany , " continued Wladimir . "  Being live on TV was also special , but you do n't really think about TV because you are focused on the fight , so you feel the atmosphere of the stadium instead . "  You feel the fans , how they scream , how they support , it was definitely something special for me and I will never forget this fight . "	Wladimir Klitschko tells CNN he has put some ` reality ' into David Haye 's life Klitschko and elder brother Vitali were speaking to CNN Sport in London Wladimir also reveals his victory over Haye was the highlight of his career so far
ASUNCION , Paraguay  CNN  -- The World Health Organization plans to send 2 million vaccines to Paraguay by Sunday after yellow fever emerged there for the first time in 34 years . Anxiety has gripped the South American nation of 7 million since authorities confirmed the first cases of yellow fever there last month . The disease has killed seven people and prompted the government to declare a three-month state of emergency . The government 's health ministry is scrambling to find doses for a massive vaccination campaign . Nearby Brazil already has sent 1 million vaccines . The World Health Organization 's shipment of 2 million doses is scheduled to arrive on Saturday or Sunday , according to a report Friday in the Paraguay 's national news agency , Jakueke . Protesters have closed roads and started fires amid news reports that health workers were vaccinating certain politicians in their homes . "  I categorically reject these kinds of irresponsible allegations , " said Health Minister Oscar Martinez Doldan . Meanwhile , some people have endured long waits for vaccines in sweltering heat . "  Citizens pay taxes for our health and education , but there are no vaccines here , " Cynthia Shaerer , told CNN . "  We do n't need speeches here . We need vaccines . " "  I want the president to tell me , " another said . "  If we are going to die , who is responsible ? " People contract yellow fever from the bite of an infected mosquito . The disease causes fever , muscle pain , headaches , shivering , nausea and vomiting , the World Health Organization says . Most people improve after three or four days , but some enter a second "  toxic " phase that causes fever , jaundice and blood in the vomit , the health organization says . About half of the people who enter the second phase of yellow fever die within 10 days . There is no treatment , so medical authorities recommend vaccinations . Yellow fever typically is found in tropical regions of Africa and Latin America . Most of the seven deaths in Paraguay happened in the town of San Lorenzo , about 12 miles  20 km  from the capital city of Asuncion . The public-health crisis comes two months before scheduled elections in Paraguay . Some analysts say it presents a delicate situation for the ruling Colorado Party , which has held power for 60 years . E-mail to a friend	W.H.O. , nearby nations , rush vaccines to Paraguay after yellow fever outbreak Illness , which causes fever , muscle pain , headaches , has killed 7 so far Protests amid claims that politicians have been given vaccines in their homes Outbreak , first in 34 years , comes two months before scheduled elections
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Nineteen U.S. troops were killed in Iraq in May , the fewest killed in any month since the war started . Baghdad saw a lull in violence in May , as a cease fire agreement has so far been maintained . The second-lowest month for American deaths was in February 2004 , when 20 were killed . May 's toll was a significant decrease from April , when 50 were killed -- the highest monthly figure since September . The U.S. military death toll spiked last year as the U.S. troop escalation , dubbed the "  surge , " was unfolding . In 2007 , there were 104 deaths in April , 126 in May and 101 in June . Numbers began dropping when the "  surge " strategy took hold and Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr suspended the activities of his militia , the Mehdi Army . There were 78 American deaths in July , 2007 ; 84 in August ; 65 in September ; 38 in October ; 37 in November ; 23 in December ; 40 in January ; 29 in February ; and 38 in March . May 's death numbers appeared to support Senate testimony last month from Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. commander in Iraq . Petraeus said recent operations in three Iraqi cities have "  contributed significantly to the reduction in violence . " The month of June may not bring such optimistic news . A suicide car bomb struck an Iraqi police checkpoint outside police headquarters in Mosul on Monday , killing nine people , including four police officers , and wounding 46 people , a Mosul police official said . Eight of the wounded were police officers , the official said . The incident took place in southern Mosul 's Dawasa commercial area at about 7 p.m. the official said . Mosul is about 260 miles  420 km  north of Baghdad .	19 U.S. troops were killed in Iraq in May , the fewest killed in any month of the war Death toll spiked in 2007 , with 104 deaths last April , 126 in May , 101 in June Numbers dropped after the "  surge " strategy took hold A suicide car bomb struck an Iraqi police checkpoint Monday killing nine people
NEW YORK  CNN  -- I do n't do dogs and I do n't do yoga . CNN 's Lola Ogunnaike , right , conquers her fear of dogs and yoga with a doga class in Manhattan . Having inherited my mother 's abject fear of animals , I try to stay clear of anything with four legs and fur . Yoga is too slow for me . All that breathing and stretching and chanting and centeredness . Boring . I 'd rather jump and kick and pump and gasp for air . But my curiosity got the best of me when I discovered that Bideawee , an animal welfare organization in Manhattan , offers a yoga class for dogs -- doga . During the 45-minute session , pooches and their masters give new meaning to the phrase "  downward facing dog . " The room was small but comfortable , and the dogs , I must admit , were adorable with saccharine-sweet names such as Picasso , Bailey and Sophie . Awww . Since I did n't have my own pup , I borrowed Sophie , a 10-pound Shih Tzu , who was so calm I wondered if she 'd been slipped a quaalude before class . In "  child 's pose , " she stood on my back and slowly surveyed the room . I lifted her with my legs . Held her in "  warrior pose . " Stretched her hind legs . Stroked her little head as we chanted Ommmmmm and Boooone . Watch this special yoga class " Were we bonding ? I think so . It was as bizarre as it was sweet . And some women in the class admitted as much . "  There are a lot of people who think it 's a little silly , but the class is very lighthearted , " said Sophie 's "  mother , " Grace . She carries Sophie around in a Louis Vuitton bag that 's bigger than my apartment . "  No one takes it too seriously . It 's just a chance to bond with your dog and have fun , " she said . Another class member brought her "  baby " because she thinks he 's a bit too hyper and needs to chill out . Instructor Kari Harendorf has been teaching doga for several years . She said she believes the classes are perfect for these stressful times . "  It 's actually been proven scientifically that just the simple act of petting a dog will release happy hormones in humans and will lower their cortisol , which is the stress hormone , " she said . "  Studies have also shown that it goes both ways , that when dogs receive the petting and attention that their stress levels decrease . " By the end of our session , the dogs did appear to be more "  blissed out , " to borrow a term from Harendorf . Not a bark or a growl was heard . The only person panting was me . As I lay on my mat contemplating how I 'd become so inflexible , everyone filed out quietly . I was one step closer to conquering my fear of animals and touching my toes .	CNN reporter borrows dog for special yoga class In doga classes , pooches do poses , assist owners Sophie , a 10-pound Shih Tzu , comes in a Louis Vuitton bag Dog owner says class helps humans bond with their animals
MATABELELAND , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- British broadcaster Sky News Wednesday criticized the jail sentences given to three of its drivers in Zimbabwe , where a court found them guilty of possessing broadcast equipment without authorization . Journalists read a newspaper in Zimbabwe , where freedom of the press is extremely limited . The men are all from Johannesburg , South Africa and were sentenced Tuesday , according to their attorney . "  We deplore the harsh sentence given to the three South African drivers , " a Sky News spokesman , who did not give his name , said in London . "  We will be appealing and hope that the Zimbabwean justice system fully reappraises its decision . " A court convicted Bernet Hasani Sono , Resemate Boy Chauke , and Simon Maodi on Monday in Matabeleland , the state-run newspaper Chronicle reported . The three men pleaded guilty to violating the Postal and Telecommunications Act but denied the truck and Sky News equipment were theirs , the state paper reported . The judge , John Masimba , said that despite denying ownership , possession of the equipment was still a violation of the act . Masimba said in the Chronicle that it would send the wrong signal if he did not punish the men . Sono and Maodi were additionally charged an extra six weeks in jail for violating a section of the Immigration Act after the two did n't show up to the Immigration authorities , their defense lawyer , Tawengwa Hara , said . The charge was minor but Hara said he would appeal the possession charge and the sentence . Zimbabwean police stopped the men during a routine check at a Mbalabala roadblock in the Matabeleland South province and found boxes containing the communication equipment . The men were unable to give a reason for possessing it and were arrested , Hara said . The police claimed the three defendants were journalists , but the men denied the claim . "  We are really outraged at six months in prison for just driving a car , " said Leonard Vincent , director of the Africa desk at Paris-based Reporters Without Borders  RSF  . The men 's lawyer might be able to file an appeal or the South African government could try to intervene in the case , Vincent said , but it was unlikely the men could be freed before serving their full sentences . "  They are innocent victims of a very tense political situation , " Vincent said . There have been numerous media reports from Zimbabwe made without the government 's authorization , prompting the arrests of several journalists . Press freedom groups say Zimbabwe has some of the world 's most restrictive laws for journalist accreditation . "  They face two years in prison if caught working without this precious document , " RSF said in its 2008 annual report on the country , a reference to the accreditation . "  No foreign reporter can legally work in Zimbabwe without fear of arrest , being paraded like a trophy , and expelled after high-speed sentencing . " Since the 2002 elections , the local and foreign media has deteriorated , said Tom Rhodes , the Africa program coordinator of the New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists . Zimbabwe "  once had the highest literary rate in sub-Saharan Africa and a vibrant media system , " Rhodes said , but since the elections , draconian press laws had increasingly limited the access to information . The accreditation law 's Access to Information and Protection of Privacy Act blocked some foreign media and shut down several independent newspapers during the 2002 elections . This sparked more restrictions , which now requires journalists to have two forms of government approval , one from the Media Information Commission and the other from the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission . President Robert Mugabe amended the laws in January but authorities still use them to suppress critical press coverage , Rhodes said . In April , however , New York Times journalist Barry Bearak and British freelancer Stephen Bevan were arrested on charges of violating the laws but were later released . And toward the end of May , distributors of the Zimbabwean Sunday paper were beaten by unknown assailants and the truck carrying the papers was burned . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Three Sky News drivers found guilty of possession of TV equipment Police claim the defendants are journalists but the men deny the claim Drivers sentenced to six months in prison with little chance of an early release Zimbabwe accused of some of world 's most restrictive laws for journalists
Luanda , Angola  CNN  -- Angola , Africa 's second-largest oil producer , has launched a $ 5 billion sovereign wealth fund in an attempt to diversify its economy -- a move more associated with wealthy Gulf States like Qatar and the UAE . The state-owned investment fund , known as the Fundo Soberano de Angola , will invest domestically and internationally , focusing on infrastructure development and the hospitality industry . These are two areas the Government of Angola believes is "  likely to exhibit strong growth " . In an exclusive interview with CNN , Jose Filomeno de Sousa dos Santos , the son of Angola 's longtime president who is on the board of the fund , said "  now is a very good time . " He added : "  The country has had around five years of steady growth , good growth , mostly based on oil production increases , and it plans to diversify the economy . The best way to do that is to do that is to intervene directly in the economy through investments . " More than 90 % of Angola 's revenue comes from oil production -- reaching around 1.9 million barrels a day -- and it is second only to Nigeria in its exports . But despite its oil wealth , the country remains largely impoverished . Dos Santos says the aim of the fund is to invest profits accrued from oil to promote social development in the country . "  It is very easy to have oil money and spend it but it is very difficult to have a positive impact to improve people 's lives on a daily basis , " he said , "  and that is an area we intend to invest on a lot with the sovereign wealth fund . " Read related : Is oil-rich Angola a development success ? Critics of the government say that Angola 's oil wealth has been used to enrich a small section of society -- dominated by allies of president Dos Santos and his family , along with generals associated with Angola 's lengthy civil war . "  We do n't see the money that is being generated from oil having a direct impact on people 's lives " says Elias Isaac , Angola country director for George Soros ' Open Society Initiative for Southern Africa . "  Just look at the schools , look at the hospitals , look at the issue of water , electricity . Angola makes a lot of money out of oil , there is no doubt about this , Angola really is one of the few countries that can pay its national budget without donor funding , which is great , but where this money goes , that 's the biggest issue " . Isaac 's also argues that a $ 135 million development project of the capital city 's waterfront is a sign of the government getting its spending priorities wrong . Luanda 's once shabby waterfront has been transformed after land was reclaimed from the sea . Portuguese expats , many of whom have sought sanctuary here from the eurozone crisis , now jog past manicured lawns each morning . But wedged between the shiny offices and apartments that line this new waterfront , Angolans often struggle to survive in a shacks and ramshackle houses . Beyond the capital lies a large underdeveloped country with a widening income gap . Only around one in three Angolans are literate and more than half drop out before finishing primary school . Angola has faced huge challenges to develop a country decimated by the war for independence and lengthy civil war . But civil society and human rights groups say that institutionalized corruption has helped cause the widening gap between the very rich and the rest of society . Read related : Angola officials held in oil stakes Critics of the fund also point to the its board being dominated by cabinet members close to president dos Santos . And the younger dos Santos says he -- despite being the president 's son -- is qualified for the position because his financial background . Transparency International recently ranked Angola a lowly 168 out of 182 countries in its "  Corruption Perceptions Index " but Dos Santos says that the fund will be beholden to international best practices , and transparent . "  We are familiar with the fact that this perception exists and we are taking a lot of care to make sure all of our investments are within an approved investment policy and our accounts will be audited annually by an independent renowned auditor . " The pledge of transparency is a departure from Angola 's often opaque oil wealth where oil receipts are withheld by strict confidentiality agreements with international oil companies . "  The way the government manages the oil receipts , we think we still have a lot of corruption " says Manuel Jose Alves da Rocha , Economics Professor from Angola 's Catholic University . "  We think the lack of transparency is also another situation we have to look at to understand why the oil income does not go to the majority of the people " . Angola 's oil industry is dominated by Sonangol , the state-owned company that gives concessions to international oil companies and , over time , takes in the lion 's share of the profits . Many observers believe that Sonangol was already acting as a sovereign wealth fund by investing its profits in many areas outside of the oil industry -- including buying up key stakes in Portugal 's biggest bank by assets , Millennium BCP . The formation of a formalized fund was first announced by Angola 's President Jose Eduardo dos Santos . But the global financial crisis caused the oil price to plunge , hammering Angola 's economy . The government had to offset the crisis by securing a loan from the International Monetary Fund  IMF  in the form of a Stand By Arrangement of around $ 1.4 billion . With new deep water oil finds announced by the government , Angola hopes to outstrip Nigeria to become Africa 's largest oil producer . But the revenue from Angola 's black gold wo n't last forever . The government hopes the sovereign wealth fund will help diversify Angola 's profits to secure its future .	Angola launches $ 5bn Sovereign Wealth Fund to decrease future reliance on oil revenues Angola is Africa 's second largest exporter of oil -- more than ninety percent of the country 's revenue comes from oil production The country ranks poorly on measures of corruption and little of the oil revenue has been spent on improving public services In an exclusive interview , President 's son tells CNN that fund will be transparent and independently audited
CNN  -- Police drones circling overhead , ready to help search for lost children , rescue stranded boaters and capture criminals . Or drones equipped with lethal weapons , high-tech cameras able to see through clothing , and technology that monitors a person 's visit to religious or political events . Those were divergent and tricky scenarios discussed at a congressional hearing on Thursday  October 25  , as lawmakers contemplated a market that experts believe could grow to 10,000 unmanned aircraft in five years . Congress has ordered the Federal Aviation Administration to develop plans to integrate them into the national airspace system used by jetliners , private and military planes , helicopters and blimps by 2015 . But there are challenges with safety and operations with anticipated police , homeland security , private and commercial use . Privacy , another concern , was looked at closely at the congressional field hearing in Texas . "  We need to establish clear guidelines about when and for what purpose law enforcement agencies , private citizens , and businesses can use drones , " said Rep. Ted Poe , a Texas Republican and chairman of the House Judiciary subcommittee on crime , terrorism , and homeland security . In many respects , privacy issues involving drones are no different than those presented by other aircraft and satellites , experts said . But traditional aircraft are costly and expensive to maintain , placing natural limits on their use . The low cost of drones will "  erode that natural limit , " allowing governments to conduct regular surveillance on people , said Chris Calabrese , legislative counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union . "  As the number of drones rises , so , too , will the number of suspects , " said Rep. Hank Johnson , a Georgia Democrat . "  During the civil rights movement , would activists have left their homes if they knew " they were being monitored from cameras 30,000 feet above ? " he asked . "  If we take a Laissez-faire attitude towards this , we will see an erosion of our liberties , " Johnson said . Experts testified that Supreme Court case law regarding police aerial surveillance relies heavily on the concept of the public 's "  reasonable expectation " of privacy . But those expectations will change as drones become more commonplace , said David Leebron , president of Rice University and former Dean of Columbia Law School . "  As technology changes , if we take no action , so do our expectations , " Leebron said . So several witnesses at the hearing said a legislative fix is needed to uphold current standards of privacy . A bill introduced by Poe would prohibit the FAA from issuing a drone permit for use by law enforcement unless it is related to a warrant for the investigation of a felony , with some exceptions . It also would prohibit individuals from conducting surveillance on private individuals or private property without the owner 's consent . "  We must decide now when drones can and can not be used in order to ensure constitutional safeguards , " Poe said . "  Technology may change with time , but the Constitution does not . " But others cautioned against action that could stifle industry . "  I think we 're at the birth of this technology , " said David Crump , a professor at the Houston University Law Center . "  It 's true that it 's exploding ; it 's a very fast growing baby , " he said , "  But we would n't want to tell Alexander Graham Bell at the birth of the telephone " to stop development because of privacy concerns .	Police , homeland security , businesses see growing market for drones domestically Concerns about safety , operations and privacy if drones proliferate in United States Congress recognizes anticipated drone market ; bill would spell out certain uses
CNN  -- English football has been plagued by racism scandals in the past year , and now its ruling body must deal with what is thought to be the first case of racial abuse by a Premier League referee . League leaders Chelsea made a complaint over "  inappropriate language " used by ref Mark Clattenburg during Sunday 's controversial 3-2 home defeat by Manchester United . Chelsea 's complaint focused on comments made to two of its players in two separate incidents . Clattenburg had already infuriated the European champions by sending off two of their players , dismissing Fernando Torres for diving even though he had been fouled and then allowing United 's winning goal to stand even though television replays showed it appeared to be offside . With the issue of racism in English football under intense scrutiny , and following in the wake of Chelsea 's own problems with captain John Terry 's ban for racially abusing an opponent , the allegations against Clattenburg come at a time when the Football Association is under pressure to be seen to be taking a strong stance . "  I ca n't think of any previous such incident in the professional game off the top of my head , " an FA spokesman told CNN . "  In grassroots football , yes , I can recall incidents but in the professional game I would have to check the record books . " The FA said on Monday they had launched an investigation into the allegations , while Clattenburg has welcomed "  the opportunity for the facts to be established . " "  We have lodged a complaint to the Premier League match delegate with regard to inappropriate language used by the referee and directed at two of our players in two separate incidents during  the  match , " Chelsea said in a statement said on Sunday . "  The match delegate will pass the complaint to the Football Association . We will make no further comment at this time . " British media have reported that one of the players involved was Chelsea 's Nigeria international John Obi Mikel . For the past year , the Blues have been at the heart of a racism row after an incident involving Terry and Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand during a Premier League match in October 2011 . The FA found Terry guilty of racially abusing Ferdinand , even though a court had earlier cleared the former England captain . The FA -- which requires a lower burden of proof than an English criminal court -- barred the 31-year-old for four games for the incident and also fined him # 220,000 . Terry missed Sunday 's Stamford Bridge clash with second-placed United , who now trail Chelsea by just a point , as he served the second game of his ban . Chelsea 's complaint means the FA will now have questions to answer after an allegation against one of its top referees . The body which represents Premier League referees -- the Professional Game Match Officials  PGMO  -- said it is aware of the allegations and "  they are being treated with the utmost seriousness . " "  Mark will co-operate fully and welcomes the opportunity for the facts to be established , " it said in a statement . All four match officials -- the referee , his two assistants and the fourth official -- wore microphones and ear pieces that allowed them to hear what each other was saying throughout the match . But under the guidelines of football 's world governing body FIFA , what is said between them is not recorded . The allegations against Clattenburg come at a time when the FA is already under fire from several black players , who feel that the punishment meted out to Terry for his racist abuse was too lenient . London 's Metropolitan Police have also launched an investigation after a steward was injured in the aftermath of Manchester United 's winning goal . Scorer Javier Hernandez appeared to be pelted by objects from the crowd while footage emerged of a steward falling over advertising hoardings and onto the pitch . Earlier this month , a number of black players refused to wear T-shirts promoting an anti-racism campaign in protest at a perceived lack of action about the problem from the game 's leading bodies . The Clattenburg case came on the same afternoon as referee Andre Marriner earned the wrath of Everton manager David Moyes , who felt that Uruguay striker Luis Suarez should have been sent off for a bad tackle in Sunday 's Merseyside derby against Liverpool , which ended 2-2 at Goodison Park . Suarez himself was at the center of a racism row earlier this year , receiving an eight-match ban after being found guilty by the FA of racially abusing Manchester United defender Patrice Evra . Four years ago , Evra , who played against Chelsea on Sunday , was banned for four matches and fined # 15,000 after clashing with a groundsman at Stamford Bridge , with the FA saying that charges that Sam Bethell used racially abusive language towards the France international could not be proven .	Chelsea lodge complaint with English FA over referee 's "  inappropriate language " Mark Clattenburg reportedly used racial language towards John Obi Mikel FA launch investigation after reading match report from Clattenburg on Monday Clattenburg welcomes opportunity to establish facts in case with few precedents
CHATTANOOGA , Tennessee  CNN  -- When meeting Jeff Donohoo , it 's not immediately apparent he is a 36-year-old man living with autism . In fact , unless you get him talking about the Atlanta Braves -- one of his true passions in life -- he is a very quiet person . Jeff Donohoo , 36 , at work in the kitchen at Memorial Hospital in Chattanooga , Tennessee . Early on , his younger brothers and sister did n't know , either . "  Since they grew up with him , they just knew Jeff was Jeff , " said Nancy Donohoo , his mother . "  They did n't think of him as weird or anything . " But when friends started to notice Donohoo was different , Nancy Donohoo was quick to explain to a group of 10-year-olds why . "  Jeff has a social problem , not a mental problem , " she explained . "  He 's very smart . He reads encyclopedias ... he just does n't know how to talk to people . " From then on , friends who visited the house always made an effort to interact with Donohoo , through a high-five or a simple "  hello . " Today , it 's unlikely Donohoo will be the first to say hello in a group setting , but interacting with people is easier for him than it once was . See how Donohoo copes every day " Questioned about his childhood , his most elaborate response is "  yeah " or "  no . " But when the topic is the Braves , it 's hard to get him to stop talking about the latest statistics or his favorite player , Mark Teixeira . Asked how long he 's been a Braves fan , there was little hesitation : "  All my life . " He 's come a long way since he was a child . Then , just teaching Donohoo to talk was a challenge in itself , Nancy Donohoo said . "  There was no eye contact , so I would hold his face in front of me , and say the word I wanted him to say . " Donohoo entered the first grade as a special education student . It was the first year special education was offered in his family 's hometown of Florence , Alabama . He carried on with special education until the sixth grade , when he was mainstreamed , or put in classes with children without disabilities . Explainer : Understanding autism " For most of Donohoo 's childhood , his mother had suspicions about his condition . "  When he was little , I had watched a ` Marcus Welby ' show , and they had an autistic child on there . But he was very passive ; he sat in the corner and just hit things , " Nancy Donohoo said . "  Jeff was wild . He was the opposite , so I just assumed he could n't be autistic . But he had a lot of those mannerisms . " It was Donohoo 's freshman year of high school when Nancy and Bill Donohoo learned what was wrong with their son . "  There was a doctor in Huntsville that dealt a lot with hyperactive children , " Nancy Donohoo said . "  He said , ` I 'm going to give you this sheet of paper ; these are all the symptoms of autism . ' " The list had 19 symptoms , and Nancy Donohoo was instructed to circle the ones her son had . She circled 17 . The diagnosis did n't change how Nancy Donohoo dealt with her first-born son . In fact , the doctor said she already was doing all the right things , working to socialize Donohoo . Today , Donohoo , living with his parents , finds comfort in strict routine . He wakes each day at 5 a.m. to make himself breakfast and prepare for work . At 6 , Nancy Donohoo drives her son to Memorial Hospital , where he 's entering his 16th year of service with the cafeteria . Ollie Forté is Donohoo 's supervisor , and has worked with Donohoo almost since the beginning . "  He 's very valuable to us at this department . He 's dependable , on time , no attendance problems , " said Forté . "  We love Jeff . " After work , at 2:30 p.m. , Donohoo rides with his mother to the YMCA , where he works out for about three hours . Then it 's back home , where he fixes himself dinner and spends hours online looking up Braves statistics , or reading a number of baseball-related books from his personal library . This cycle repeats on days Donohoo works at the hospital . On his days off , the schedule is equally strict , with little variation . He 'll still go to the YMCA , and he 'll also make the occasional trip to the bookstore , adding to his collection of baseball-related literature . Sudden changes to daily plans are still a challenge . "  If he 's made his plans to do something tonight , " said Bill Donohoo , "  and we come and say , ` We 're going to get something to eat . Do you want to go ? ' that upsets his plans for what he 's going to do that night . " Physical contact is also difficult . "  He does n't like to be touched , " Nancy Donohoo said . "  He does n't freak , but he does n't like it . He stiffens up . He 'll want to give you a hug , but he still has a hard time . " The many challenges aside , Donohoo has a fine appreciation for things like cooking . In addition to preparing his own meals , he also enjoys baking . "  He loves desserts -- he loves sweets , " Nancy Donohoo said with a laugh . "  He 's a little heavy , but we 're working on that . " Nancy and Bill Donohoo have endured the challenges , and they acknowledge their son will never be fully independent . But one can tell they could n't be prouder of him . "  It 's rewarding today , because he 's come so far , but it was a long road , " Nancy Donohoo said . E-mail to a friend	Jeff Donohoo , 36 , is an adult living with autism Donohoo lives in Tennessee with his parents and works at a hospital His autism was diagnosed during his freshman year of high school Donohoo 's mother : "  It 's rewarding today , because he 's come so far . "
CNN  -- The suspicious powder inside a swastika-adorned package sent to an Arizona congressman is "  nontoxic , " an FBI spokesman said Friday . Staffers checking mail in the Tucson , Arizona , office of U.S. Rep. Raul Grijalva on Thursday found a white , powdery substance and drawings of two swastikas inside an envelope , Grijalva campaign spokesman Adam Sarvana told CNN . Almost a dozen people were in the office when the incident happened around 12:30 p.m. Thursday  3:30 p.m. ET  , he said . All of them were checked on-scene by local authorities and sent home . Scientists at an FBI laboratory in Phoenix , Arizona , conducted a full analysis of the substance , according to Sarvana . Those tests came back negative midday Friday , according to FBI Special Agent Manuel Johnson . Johnson said the FBI would have no further comments , as "  the investigation is ongoing . " U.S. Capitol Police are also participating in the investigation , according to Sgt Kimberly Schneider , a spokeswoman for the force . The incident was the third security issue at Grijalva 's district offices this year , Sarvana said . "  It 's just a continuation of a problem we 've been having , " Grijalva told CNN affiliate KVOA . In April , the congressman closed two local offices for an afternoon after receiving threats regarding his position on controversial immigration legislation . And in July , a bullet shattered a window in his Yuma , Arizona , office , KVOA reported . "  I do feel a great deal of concern for the people that work with me , for me . I feel concerned for the constituents that come to that office , " Grijalva told KVOA Thursday . "  Obviously , we 're going to have to make more changes . " CNN 's Melanie Whitley and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Capitol Police are working with the FBI on the investigation The FBI says the powder in a package sent to Rep. Raul Grijalva is ` nontoxic ' A campaign spokesman says there were two swastikas on the package It is the third security issue at Grijalva 's district offices this year , a spokesman says
Washington  CNN  -- With his presidency at a crossroads , President Barack Obama delivered his health care "  fix it " message with a healthy dose of reflection and contrition : "  I think I said early on when I was running , I am not a perfect man and I will not be a perfect president . " CNNMoney : Obama offers fix for canceled plans At the moment , the challenge is to get back to being a productive president , and those who see a difficult path ahead include veteran Democrats the President counts among his most trusted friends and allies . "  Can Obama come back ? " a veteran Democratic strategist asked . "  Yes . But like Carter and  George W.  Bush , his downfall is his handling of the job . " This party sage framed the stakes this way : "  The next few months will tell us whether he will be remembered in the pantheon of successful/consequential presidents in the last 60 years or whether he will be a flawed president whose skills did not match the times . " After the President 's lengthy appearance in the White House briefing room Thursday , Republicans were scathing in making the case it was too little too late and proof , to them , Obamacare was collapsing . Predictable , but an argument that has more weight now is that the President , using his terms , "  fumbled " the rollout of his signature domestic initiative . At an Ohio event later Thursday , the President promised to vigorously fight any effort to "  gut " the law , and as that debate continues , it is the mood among his fellow Democrats that is most important . Obama : ` I 'm going to see this through ' Initial reaction was hardly reassuring to the White House . Democrats in both the House and Senate mixed praise of the President 's intentions with promises to not trust the administration to fix the problems without guidance from Congress . Senate Dem leaders holding off on legislative ` fix ' for insurance promise This is the new political reality : the President himself acknowledged the rollout was hurting his party 's standing heading into the 2014 midterm election season . While he promised to work hard to turn the political tide , Democrats hoping to be in Washington beyond the end of 2016 -- meaning beyond the Obama years -- will be less and less reluctant with each passing day to trust their fate to his plans and instincts . Especially because of those polls the President suggested he does n't read . For Democrats , especially given the timing , the numbers are numbing : Whether you look at the low Obamacare enrollment figures or President Obama 's declining poll standing , what you see is a White House -- and a presidency -- at a crossroads , facing persistent questions about credibility and competence . Borger : How could Obama not have known ? The question now consuming Washington is whether this is just a temporary bad turn or a tipping point . In a more sympathetic take , a senior veteran of both Obama presidential campaigns and the first White House term put it this way : "  I feel for him and my old colleagues . Tough when you 're in the penalty box . " That view assumes the penalty clock expires , and the President rallies . Republican missteps in the past -- like the government shutdown -- give many Democrats hope the President 's critics will overreach again and create an opening for a rebound . Poll : Approval of health care law drops Less sympathetic , though , was another seasoned Democrat , this one a veteran of the Bill Clinton White House . "  They do n't have the time , or the self-awareness , " to objectively study and learn from recent mistakes , this longtime Democratic operative said of the President and his second-term team . "  What they do not appreciate is how far away they are from the end of the second term . We had not even had  Monica  Lewinsky yet at this point , " the operative said , referring to Clinton 's White House affair with an intern . Noting the sagging poll numbers and increasing public complaints from the President 's fellow Democrats , this source , speaking only on condition of anonymity , predicted a rough stretch ahead : "  There will be a ton of stories about the need for new and fresh staff and how Obama needs to open his circle up to people who he does not know , or at least not well . " New polls showing the President at new lows in several categories are only increasing a case of Democratic jitters that began once it was clear the Obamacare rollout was going poorly , and that any political advantage Democrats gained from the government shutdown was fading . Obamacare promises : Where things stand The latest Quinnipiac University poll found just 39 % of Americans approve of how the President is handling his job ; 54 % disapprove . Those numbers are similar to President George W. Bush 's standing at this point in his second term . In an especially troubling turn , that same survey found -- even though congressional approval ratings are at an all time low -- voters trust Republicans in Congress as much or more than the President on big issues like health care and the economy . In the past , the President 's strong personal standing with voters has helped him through stretches when voters question his job performance . But there are signs he can not , at least at this delicate moment , count on that traditional safety net . The Quinnipiac poll , for example , found for the first time more voters say the Presidency is not trustworthy . The timing is what makes this rut even more complicated -- and potentially consequential -- for the President and his second term . Every day brings the 2014 midterm elections closer , and with the President 's standing low , loyalty within his own party becomes harder to maintain . House Democrats cool down after Obamacare meeting Evidence of that is abundant , from the Senate Democrats pushing for Obamacare changes , to meetings between congressional Democrats and White House officials this week that turned testy as lawmakers aired their complains about the Obamacare rollout and how it was hurting the party politically . In Obama 's 2008 campaign , he ran as much against the struggling Bush administration as he did against the GOP nominee . Back then , questions about the Iraq war and the federal response to Hurricane Katrina had put front and center the questions President Obama now faces -- about credibility and competence . Boehner : Obamacare "  a rolling calamity " "  There is a very tender and important period for the President , " said the veteran Democratic strategist . Instead of a Katrina analogy , this Democrat looked for a parallel within his own party -- the Carter presidency . "  Health care could become his energy shortage , " the strategist said . Health care reform was the signature initiative and achievement of the President 's first term , yet the continuing debate over the program , and the administration 's rollout , is now holding his second term agenda hostage . A look back at the State of the Union address from the beginning of this year is a reminder that the President has realized nothing from his wish list , which included news jobs programs , an increase in the minimum wage and major immigration reforms . Getting things done in the second year -- the midterm election year in which Obamacare is certain to be the central issue -- would be difficult even if the President found a path to improve his political standing . Especially if Democrats lose faith in the White House as Republicans did with George W. Bush and his team . Cruz talks about ` vindication ' with rocky Obamacare rollout Obama : HealthCare.gov needs more than technical fixes	Administration facing persistent questions about credibility , competence Democratic veteran questions whether White House learns from mistakes Obama 's poll numbers at same place as George W. Bush 's at this point in his presidency Timing of crisis is key -- every day brings midterm elections closer , loyalty harder to maintain
CNN  -- Twelve suspected members of the Zetas drug gang and a member of Mexico 's Navy were killed in a shootout on an island in a lake that straddles the U.S.-Mexico border , authorities said Monday . The Mexican Navy said the shootout occurred Sunday on Falcon Lake , located between Texas and the Mexican state of Tamaulipas , after troops patrolling the area spotted a camping area on an island . The suspected drug traffickers used the island for storing marijuana to be transported by boat to the United States , the Navy said in a statement . After the shootout , the Navy said it seized guns , ammunition and bullet-proof vests from the island . Falcon Lake drew the attention of law enforcement authorities on both side of the border last September after an American man on a personal watercraft was reportedly ambushed by attackers and shot in the head . 2010 : ` He took a bullet for me , ' Falcon Lake victim 's wife says Tiffany Hartley told police that she and her husband were riding water scooters on the lake on September 30 when they were attacked . Her husband 's body has not been found , and the case has remained unsolved . "  It did n't happen in the United States , " said Zapata County , Texas , Sheriff Sigifredo Gonzalez . Suspects in Falcon Lake killing identified And Mexican authorities , he told CNN last month , have "  somewhat of a zero solvency rate , and a zero conviction rate . " "  So unfortunately , this case may remain open forever , even though the information and the evidence may be there , " according to Gonzalez .	Mexico 's Navy says a shootout occurred around an island used to store marijuana Twelve suspected members of the Zetas drug gang and one member of Mexico 's Navy are killed Falcon Lake is between Texas and the Mexican state of Tamaulipas It drew attention last year after an American was reportedly shot there
PARIS , France  CNN  -- A Pablo Picasso sketchbook with 33 pencil drawings disappeared from a locked glass case in a museum in Paris overnight , the French Ministry of Culture announced Tuesday . The sketchbook was discovered missing from the Picasso Museum in Paris overnight . The police were immediately alerted , as was a special unit that combats the trade in stolen cultural artifacts . The sketchbook has a red varnished cover with the word "  Album " inscribed on it in gold lettering , and measures 16 centimeters by 24 centimeters  6 inches by 9 inches  . Picasso used the sketchbook between 1917 and 1924 when he was in his late 30s and early 40s . The period was extraordinarily eventful for the artist , including collaborations and tours with the Ballets Russes , his marriage to Olga Khokhlova , a dancer from the company , and the birth of his son Paul . Picasso was shifting from the famous Cubist style he helped create to his neo-Classical phase during the years covered by the sketchbook , according a biography on his official Web site . CNN 's Niki Cook contributed to this report	Sketchbook of Pablo Picasso drawings missing from Paris museum , officials say Special unit that combats the trade in stolen cultural artifacts was notified The artist used the sketchbook between 1917 and 1924 Description : Red varnished cover with "  Album " inscription , 6-by-9 inches
CNN  -- Two Secret Service supervisors on President Barack Obama 's protective detail are under investigation for alleged misconduct , a federal law enforcement source with knowledge of the internal Secret Service investigation told CNN 's John King . The details were first reported in the Washington Post Wednesday night . The investigation began after an incident at the posh Hay-Adams Hotel near the White House in May . As first reported by the Post , one Secret Service agent allegedly removed ammunition from his service weapon and left a bullet in the room of a female guest , whom he had met in the hotel bar . The agent tried to regain entry to the room when he realized the bullet was left behind , the Post said . Hotel staff notified the White House after he identified himself as a Secret Service agent and demanded to be let in to the room . No police report was filed and no complaint was filed with the Secret Service by any of the parties involved , a government source told CNN 's Joe Johns Thursday . "  The Secret Service takes allegations of improper behavior seriously and works diligently to investigate and resolve issues . Any misconduct is regrettable , but when it is identified , appropriate action is always taken based on established rules and regulations , " Edwin M. Donovan , deputy assistant director of the Secret Service , said in a statement . Investigation revisits Secret Service prostitution scandal The internal investigation was launched as a result of inquiries by the Post , the government source said . That probe led to a routine search of the agent 's agency-issued BlackBerry , the Post reported . The federal law enforcement source confirmed that the agent , a supervisor , and a second supervisor were discovered to have sent sexually suggestive e-mails to a female Secret Service employee . Nothing explicitly suggestive has been found , the government source said . The first supervisor was removed from his position , the source said , but the second supervisor remains on the presidential security detail . The Post reported that the second supervisor was removed from the security detail . While the paper named the two supervisors involved , CNN is not yet identifying them . The investigation follows the Secret Service scandal in April 2012 involving prostitution and drinking before a presidential trip to Cartagena , Colombia . A review prompted new rules of conduct for Secret Service employees in the wake of the incident . Sen. Ron Johnson said at a Senate hearing Thursday that despite assurances from Department of Homeland Security and Secret Service that the 2012 Cartagena prostitution scandal involving presidential detail agents was an anomaly , congress has found similar instances in 17 countries . "  Yesterday we learned that two senior level United States Secret Service agents assigned to the President 's detail were recently disciplined for sexual misconduct . According to whistle-blowers , one of these men helped lead the USSS internal investigation of the sexual misconduct in Cartagena in April of last year . This is like the fox guarding the hen house , " the Wisconsin Republican said . "  This type of behavior jeopardizes the security of the President of the United States and makes U.S. government personnel susceptible to coercion and blackmail . " While not addressing the specifics of the most recent case , William Hillsburg , acting director of the Public Affairs Department of the Homeland Security office of the inspector general , said that in the next couple of weeks his office is expected to release an inspection report with an in-depth look at the culture of the U.S. Secret Service . The report will look at whether there 's something in the Secret Service culture that led to the behavior in Cartagena . It will also include recommendations on how agents are trained . Report : No problem with Secret Service response to Colombia scandal	Report : A Secret Service agent left behind a bullet in a woman 's hotel room Washington Post : The agent tried to get back in , and hotel staff notified the White House Agent , another supervisor under investigation over sexually suggestive e-mails Source : Those e-mails were sent to a female Secret Service employee
CNN  -- Tests of a Louisiana parish 's water supply confirmed the presence of a rare brain-eating amoeba blamed for last month 's death of a 4-year-old boy . The state 's Department of Health & Hospitals said Thursday that tests conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found Naegleria fowleri in St. Bernard Parish water . The water is safe to drink , state officials said , although they cautioned against getting water in the nose . Naegleria fowleri is found in hot springs and warm fresh water , most often in the Southeastern United States . The amoeba enters the body through the nose and travels to the brain . There is no danger of infection from drinking or cooking with contaminated water , the CDC said . Infected patients are diagnosed with primary amoebic meningoencephalitis . The parish water supply came under suspicion because its chlorine levels were low . Chlorine kills the amoeba , said Assistant Health Secretary J.T. Lane . Naegleria fowleri associated with disinfected public drinking water has caused deaths in only one other case in the United States , according to the CDC . The water came from an untreated , geothermal well-supplied drinking water system in Arizona ; two children died there in 2003 . Lane said the Louisiana parish , along the Gulf Coast southeast of New Orleans , began flushing water lines with chlorine last week , a process that will continue for weeks until chlorine levels reach recommended levels . A Mississippi boy who had played on a water slide made out of a long sheet of plastic while visiting St. Bernard Parish contracted amoebic meningoencephalitis and died last month . Tests at the home where he was playing found the Naegleria fowleri amoeba . Officials said less than 1 % of patients survive the deadly brain infection caused by this amoeba . But an experimental drug from the CDC has shown promise in fighting it . Kali Hardig , a 12-year-old in Arkansas , survived after contracting the amoeba in July , possibly at a Little Rock , Arkansas , water park . Doctors credited Kali 's mom , Traci Hardig , with her survival , saying she brought her daughter to the hospital early and pushed for more tests . "  If you believe that there 's something more wrong with your daughter or your son than a simple virus or stomach flu , stay in there , hang in there , " Hardig told CNN . "  Talk to the doctor ... and reassure them that this is not a normal illness . " The first symptoms of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis appear one to seven days after infection , including headache , fever , nausea , vomiting and a stiff neck , according to the CDC . "  Later symptoms include confusion , lack of attention to people and surroundings , loss of balance , seizures and hallucinations , " the government agency 's website says . "  After the start of symptoms , the disease progresses rapidly and usually causes death within one to 12 days . " Here are some tips from the CDC to help lower the risk of infection : • Avoid swimming in fresh water when the water temperature is high and the water level is low . • Hold your nose shut or use nose clips while swimming . • Avoid stirring up the sediment while wading in shallow , warm freshwater areas . • If you are irrigating , flushing or rinsing your sinuses  for example , by using a neti pot  , use water that has been distilled or sterilized . For more safety tips , visit CDC.gov . CNN 's Jacque Wilson and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	St. Bernard Parish water supply was suspected because of low chlorine levels Louisiana officials : Water safe to drink , but keep it out of your nose Victim , 4 , had played on a homemade water slide
CNN  -- Politics can be a blood-soaked affair in Pakistan , and this leadership struggle is no exception . Dozens have been killed in attacks in the weeks leading up to this Saturday 's election . And yet , this poll is expected to mark a milestone in Pakistan 's 66-year history : The first democratic transition of power . The nation has experienced three military coups , been ruled by generals for half its life , and it remains mired in near-constant political turmoil . But the former government defied expectations by becoming the first elected to serve a full five-year term . "  Despite all the odds , completion of the term is an extraordinary and historic achievement , " Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf said in an address to the nation on March 16 , marking the end of the term and the start of the election season now coming to an end . The government may have survived , but the country has lurched from crisis to crisis . Here are some of the main developments from the last five years of political turmoil . 2008 The nation collectively mourns the death of PPP leader Benazir Bhutto , who is assassinated just months before the elections in February 2008 . The Pakistan Peoples Party -- led by Bhutto 's widower , Asif Ali Zardari -- comes to power on the back of a populace disillusioned with then-President Perez Musharraf . He leads a coalition with Nawaz Sharif 's Muslim League party , however the alliance collapses when Sharif pulls out after failed efforts to secure the release of dozens of judges put under house arrest by President Musharraf during a state of emergency in 2007 . In August of the same year , Musharraf resigns as president , clearing the way for Zardari to take over the post . 2011 On May 2 , U.S. President Barack Obama announces the killing of Osama Bin Laden , who was living in hiding at a compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan . The incident underlines the often fractious relationship Washington has with Islamabad , whose leaders had long said Bin Laden was not hiding in Pakistan . Pakistan 's parliament adopts a resolution condemning the U.S. raid and Musharraf brands it a "  act of war . " In October , Pakistani businessman Mansoor Ijaz claims in an op-ed piece for the UK-based Financial Times that a Pakistani diplomat had him deliver a secret memo to U.S. Admiral Mike Mullen , who was then the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . The memo , allegedly from Zardari , reportedly asked the U.S. to back him in the event of a military coup related to the U.S. killing of Osama bin Laden . The government said it had nothing to do with the memo . In December , Pakistan 's Supreme Court appoints a panel to investigate the memo . 2012 In February , Yousuf Raza Gilani becomes the first Pakistani prime minister to be charged while in office . He 's accused of contempt for refusing to re-open old corruption cases against Zardari . Two months later , Gilani is convicted and receives a symbolic sentence of custody for the duration of the hearing . He refuses to resign and vows to appeal . In June , Pakistan 's Supreme Court rules that Gilani is ineligible to hold office . The court declares the prime minister disqualified retroactive to April 26 . Raja Pervez Ashraf is appointed prime minister after majority vote in parliament . Later in the year , the Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for a series of attacks on Shiite Muslims . In the months ahead , militants stage further attacks against Shiites in an attempt to disrupt the election . 2013 In January , the Supreme Court orders the arrest of Ashraf over corruption allegations which one of his advisers calls a "  soft coup " against democracy . Ashraf denies the claims . In March , a caretaker government is appointed to oversee parliamentary elections . March 24 -- Musharraf lands in Karachi after more than four years in exile . He faces criminal charges , and the Taliban vow to unleash a "  death squad " to assassinate him . He returns to face a lengthy list of charges , including accusations he illegally deposed and detained 62 senior judges during a period of emergency rule in 2007 , and not doing enough to protect the life of Bhutto , the country 's first woman to be elected prime minister of Pakistan . He denies any wrongdoing . April 11 -- A candidate in May 's 2013 national elections in Pakistan is shot and killed by two gunmen on a motorbike . Candidate Fakhar Ul Islam was targeted on his way home from his office , police said . Islam was a member of Muttahida Quami Movement or MQM , Pakistan 's most liberal and secular political party . April 12 -- Musharraf acknowledges his government secretly signed off on U.S. drone strikes , the first time a top past or present Pakistani official has admitted publicly to such a deal . His admission to CNN runs counter to their repeated denunciations of a program they long claimed the United States was operating without their approval . READ MORE : Ex-Pakistani President Musharraf admits secret deal with U.S. on drone strikes April 16 -- At least 15 people in Peshawar are killed and 35 people injured in a suicide bombing targeting an anti-Taliban political party , hospital and police officials said . A bomber blows himself up when Ghulam Ahmed Bilour , senior vice president of the Awami National Party , gets out of a car . Bilour 's driver and two police officials were killed . Meanwhile , Musharraf 's comeback hits the skids when election officials bar him from running for a parliamentary seat . He had been disqualified because he declared a state of emergency in 2007 . Even though he has n't been tried for that action , the move has been ruled an act of treason , making him ineligible to run for office . April 26 -- An explosion in Karachi , Pakistan , kills at least eight people and injured more than 20 , Karachi authorities said . The target of the blast was a meeting the Awami National Party , an anti-Taliban liberal political party . April 28 -- Five people die and 22 are wounded by an explosion in Orakzai , police said . In Peshawar , three people are killed and eight wounded , police said . Both attacks target independent candidates . April 29 -- A man on a motorcycle detonates explosives near a police van in northwest Pakistan , killing at least six people and wounding more than 30 , police said . The explosion took place on a busy road in the city of Peshawar . April 30 -- Gunmen kill a political candidate and three other people . During the attack in Balochistan province , men fire on a vehicle carrying Fateh Muhammad Magsi , an independent candidate , police said . A court in Pakistan bans Musharraf from politics for life . The move -- which can be appealed -- is another barrier in the road Musharraf faces as he tries to get back into his country 's political mix . May 3 -- Gunmen in Pakistan kill a leading prosecutor working on high-profile terrorism cases and an anti-Taliban politician and his son . Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali was heading to a court in Rawalpindi , where he was trying a case stemming from the death of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , who was assassinated while she was campaigning for her party in 2007 . In Karachi , gunmen on a motorbike shoot and kill Sadiq Zaman Khattak and his 4-year-old son as they leave a mosque , said Zahid Khan of Awami National Party , an anti-Taliban liberal party . May 5 -- Three people are killed and more than 30 injured in back-to-back explosions near the headquarters of an anti-Taliban political party in Karachi . The explosions , about 30 minutes apart , take place near the headquarters of Muttahida Quami Movement . One device is placed in a rickshaw , police said . The second is buried in the ground . May 7 -- A blast near a political rally leaves 18 people dead in a Pakistan tribal region , a local government official said . The explosion occurs during a rally staged by the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazal Ur Rehman group , a right-wing religious party with sympathies for the militant Taliban movement . In Lahore , former cricket star Imran Khan , running for prime minister , was injured when he fell off a stage during a political rally for Khan 's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf party - throwing even more uncertainty into Saturday 's race . He continues to campaign from his hospital bed as doctors say he 's expected to make a full recovery . At least 16 people are killed in two attacks in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province ; one attack targeted a Pakistan People 's Party rally , and the other targeted a candidate for the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazal Ur Rehman group , police said . May 9 -- Ali Haider Gilani -- son of former Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani -- is kidnapped on his way to address a public meeting in the city of Multan . His younger brother is running for a seat in the Punjab provincial assembly . CNN 's Nasir Habib , Saima Moshin , Nic Robertson , Saeed Ahmed , Jethro Mullen , Shaan Khan and the CNN Wire Staff contributed to this report .	Pakistan is poised for its first democratic transition of power in its 66-year history Scores have been killed in campaign violence leading to this weekend 's election The government has lurched from crisis to crisis in the past five years Campaign drama added by rise of Imran Khan and return of ex-President Perez Musharraf
CNN  -- Official Chinese media have hailed the successful test flight of China 's first domestically made jumbo air freighter . Few details were released about the flight , made Saturday , but the test indicates China 's ambitions to add a heavy freighter to its capabilities and match better against traditional air powers , Russia and the United States . Other large air freighters already flying include the Russian-built Ilyushin Il-76 , the U.S.-made Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and , largest of them all , the Ukrainian Antonov An-225 . The four-engine Yun-20 , or Transport-20 , is a huge , multi-function airfreighter that can perform various long distance air transport tasks targeting cargo and passengers , the state-run Xinhua News Agency said . "  The successful maiden flight of the Y-20 is important in promoting China 's economic and national defense buildup , as well as improving its emergency response and humanitarian aid abilities , " the Ministry of National Defense said on its website . The flight boosts China 's presence as a global aircraft manufacturer as well as its military capabilities . "  A genuine strategic air power must possess a strong power projection capability , which is highly reliant on large aircraft , namely a strategic air freighter and a strategic bomber , " said Wang Yanan , deputy editor in chief at Aerospace Knowledge magazine and a military analyst , in a China Daily report . Late last year , a domestic order of 50 Chinese-built C919 commercial jets provided further evidence of China 's growing stake in the aviation industry . The C919 is China 's answer to the Airbus A320 and Boeing 737 -- a single-aisle , 168-seat , narrow-body commercial liner produced by Chinese state-run aircraft manufacturer Comac  Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China  . Little is known about the Y-20 , with a China Daily report stating the aircraft is believed to have been developed by the Xi'an Aircraft Industry , a subsidiary of Aviation Industry Corp. of China , the major military aircraft manufacturer . The same report indicated the plane had a payload of around 66 metric tons , big enough to transport combat tanks . According to China Daily , the official codename of the aircraft is Kunpeng , named after a legendary bird in Chinese mythology that can fly thousands of kilometers . The Y-20 will continue to undergo experiments and test flights , local media reported . CNN 's CY Xu contributed to this report .	It is the first flight of China 's new jumbo airfreighter Aircraft 's codename is Kunpeng , named after a legendary , mythical bird Test flight heralds China 's growing aviation and military capabilities
Toronto , Ontario  CNN  -- The spotlight is on security -- as well as economic recovery plans -- as leaders from the world 's biggest economies gather in Toronto for a pair of summits this weekend . Leaders have begun arriving for the G-8 summit , which begins Friday , followed by the G-20 summit this weekend . Security , already a major concern , was thrown into greater focus Thursday when a man with five cans of gas and an array of weapons in his car was arrested near the G-20 site , officials said . Royal Canadian Mounted Police spokesman Sgt. Marc LaPorte said the 53-year-old driver had pellet guns , a crossbow , gas tanks and chemical products in his car , and could n't explain why those items were there . He was identified by police as Gary McCullough of Whitby , Ontario . Police said McCullough was charged with one count of possessing dangerous weapons -- an offense with a maximum sentence of 10 years . He 's expected to appear in court Friday . Despite the incident 's proximity to the site of the G-20 summit , there are no specific signs it 's linked to the meeting , said Constable Samantha Nulle of Peel Regional Police . The Royal Canadian Mounted Police , local police departments and the Canadian Military have formed an Integrated Security Unit  ISU  to deal with G-20 security , like they did earlier this year for the Olympic Winter Games in Vancouver . About 20,000 ISU personnel and security guards are providing security , with the help of fencing and cameras . G-20 countries account for 80 percent of world trade and two-thirds of the world 's population . The G-8 is made up of the United States , Canada , Russia , Japan , France , the United Kingdom , Germany and Italy . When talks get under way , leaders will be hashing out economic recovery plans and some differences on how to proceed . Among the issues : how drastically to cut budget deficits , possibly risking recession , and global financial reform . The United States has been urging other countries not to pull back on stimulus plans too quickly . Britain , in contrast , has recently joined other European countries in announcing drastic budget cuts . The sessions will offer a first appearance on the world stage for British Prime Minister David Cameron and Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan. . Both leaders arrived in Toronto on Thursday . Other leaders are arriving Friday . In Thursday 's weapons incident , Nulle said an officer pulled over a suspicious vehicle and discovered dangerous materials in the car . Police immediately sealed off the surrounding area , Nulle said . Police told CNN that another person with weapons and explosives had been taken to court Wednesday , but privacy laws prevented them from sharing more details . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect in weapons incident charged , due to appear in court Friday Incident puts focus on security as leaders begin arriving Items found in car included pellet guns , a cross bow and a chainsaw No specific signs incident is linked to G-20 summit
CNN  -- Four suspected U.S. drone strikes have pounded Pakistan 's tribal region since the American military killed terror leader Osama bin Laden , actions that signal an uptick in the U.S. fight against Islamic militants . The latest was Friday , when four suspected militants died in the Datta Khel region of North Waziristan , according to two Pakistani intelligence officials , who said an unmanned aircraft fired four missiles at a militant 's vehicle . Drone strikes have been controversial in Pakistan because of concerns over civilian deaths and disrespect for Pakistan 's sovereignty . "  I do n't think the U.S. cares about the Pakistani sensibilities , " said Bill Roggio , a military-affairs analyst . "  I think it 's game back on . " North Waziristan is one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's volatile tribal region bordering Afghanistan , and Datta Khel has a strong presence of militants , Roggio said . Based on a count by the CNN Islamabad bureau , Friday 's suspected drone strike was the 24th so far this year compared to 111 in all of 2010 . The Long War Journal , a website that provides analyses and reporting on war-related matters , said the U.S. military launched only two strikes in April and seven in March , in both North Waziristan and South Waziristan . Roggio , the managing editor of The Long War Journal , told CNN that there have been drone-strike pauses during spring months in the past , but he said the latest lull came during problems between the United States and Pakistan . He cited the disagreements over the case of Raymond Davis , the CIA contractor who had been incarcerated and later released after allegedly shooting and killing two Pakistanis , and Pakistani rage about a couple of the drone strikes . But Roggio said he believes the dynamics have changed after bin Laden was killed May 2 in a hideout in the Pakistani military garrison town of Abbottabad . He said there 's a lot of U.S. impatience with the Pakistanis and that 's "  no big secret after the bin Laden raid . " He emphasized that the Pakistani military has n't taken on militants in the Datta Khel region , which Roggio calls a "  snake pit " and a "  known al Qaeda hub . " "  It 's clear now they are just gon na keep doing it , " he said , referring to the drone strikes . The other drone strikes since bin Laden 's death occurred last Friday , Tuesday , and Thursday . North Waziristan is in the same dangerous northwestern Pakistani swath as the district of Charsadda in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , where a twin suicide bombing killed at least 80 people on Friday . The province borders Mohmand Agency , one of the seven district tribal regions where the Pakistani Taliban members are based . The Pakistani Taliban said it carried out the bombing in retaliation for the killing of terror leader Osama bin Laden . Nearly all of those slain were military recruits who had just completed their training , a government official said . About 140 others were injured . Mohmand is believed to be a hideout for Taliban fighters and al Qaeda-linked militants fleeing last year 's military operation in the district of South Waziristan and ongoing U.S. drone strikes in North Waziristan . The Pakistani army has carried out numerous ground and air operations in Mohmand but they have n't been able to stamp out the militants . Last December , around 150 militants ambushed six security checkpoints in Mohmand , killing 11 Pakistani soldiers , officials told CNN . Earlier in December , a twin suicide attack targeting a government building in Mohmand killed at least 40 people . Roggio said the Pakistani Taliban represents a confederation of Taliban groups in northwestern Pakistan , where they are based . They make attacks on Pakistani targets and cross the border into Afghanistan for attacks , Roggio said . They are different from the Afghan Taliban , focused on re-establishing the Islamic Emirate in Afghanistan . The group is headquartered in Quetta , Pakistan . Both groups swear allegiance to Taliban leader , Mullah Omar , and have close links to al Qaeda , Roggio said . Journalist Nasir Dawar and CNN 's Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	NEW : Since OBL 's death , four drone strikes have occurred The incident took place in a North Waziristan "  snake pit " It occurred on the same day of a massive terror strike
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Three bombs left outside three Christian homes in western Baghdad detonated Tuesday evening , wounding at least three people , an Interior Ministry official said . It was not clear if the injured were Christian residents or others on the street . The latest attacks came as 35 Christian survivors of a chilling church attack last month arrived in France , where they will be able to seek asylum . A group called the Islamic State of Iraq claimed responsibility for the gruesome October 31 siege of the Sayidat al-Nejat cathedral that left 70 people dead and 75 wounded . The umbrella group includes a number of Sunni extremist organizations and has ties to al Qaeda in Iraq . In another western Baghdad neighborhood , a car bomb killed at least one person and wounded five , the official said . The bombing occurred near a Sunni mosque and an office belonging to one of Iraq 's top Sunni Arab parties . Meanwhile , the death toll from a car bomb explosion in Basra increased to at least 12 , the interior ministry said . At least 39 others were wounded when the car bomb exploded Monday in a busy commercial district in the western part of the city , the ministry said . In two major Shiite cities , another 11 people were killed Monday , the Interior Ministry said . On a crowded street in the Iraqi city of Karbala , a blast killed at least 10 people and wounded 38 , the ministry said . The bomb went off at one of the main entrances to the city where buses carrying Iranian pilgrims stop . In Najaf , at least one person was killed and 10 were wounded in a bombing , the ministry said . The parked car bomb targeted buses carrying Iranian pilgrims at the road leading to Najaf 's old city .	The attack comes as a group of Iraqi Christians arrive in France A car bomb in another Baghdad neighborhood kills at least one person The death toll from a car bomb in Basra rises to 12
Houston , Texas  CNN  -- The judge that BP wants to hear an estimated 200 lawsuits over the Gulf of Mexico oil disaster gets tens of thousands of dollars a year in oil royalties and is paid travel expenses to industry conferences , financial disclosure forms show . Lawyers who practice before U.S. District Judge Lynn Hughes say he 's tough but fair , and a CNN review of his cases found he ruled in favor of oil companies only slightly more often than he ruled against them . But his connections to the industry have raised eyebrows at a time when BP is under fire for the worst oil spill in U.S. history . Federal financial disclosure forms obtained by CNN show that since 2003 , Hughes has consistently been paid annual fees from the oil and gas industry , mostly in the form of lease payments for wells and mineral rights on land he owns . None of the payments comes from BP , but his holdings include mutual funds that draw income from Anadarko Petroleum , a minority owner in the well now pouring up to 2.5 million gallons a day into the Gulf . In some cases , the amounts are significant . In others , the payments are relatively small . Oil giant ConocoPhillips paid him between $ 50,000 and $ 100,000 in 2008 , the last year in which records are publicly available . In a note attached to the 2008 form , Hughes said he expected the amounts to be relatively similar for 2009 . He gets smaller amounts from smaller producers such as Sun Oil , Everest Oil and Wagner Oil , which pay for the right to drill oil and gas from lands he owns . The federal disclosure form does not require exact amounts , only estimates and approximate figures . A legal expert on ethics , Indiana University professor Charles Geyh , told CNN that judges with financial ties to the oil industry should make their connections crystal clear . "  When you take it together , is there a concern that a reasonable person might say , ` Look-it , he 's not a judge that happens to be dabbling -- he 's in effect a participant in the industry he 's trying to judge , ' " Geyh said . Hughes has been sitting on the federal bench in Houston since the mid-1980s , and BP has asked that he supervise all of the estimated 200 cases filed against it since the April sinking of the offshore drill rig Deepwater Horizon . The sinking left 11 workers dead and uncorked a gusher that has been fouling the Gulf for more than eight weeks . In court filings in early May , BP requested Hughes be assigned to preside over the spill lawsuits because he already was assigned to one of the first cases , a lawsuit filed on behalf of Vietnamese-American fishermen from Louisiana . According to an e-mail sent to CNN , BP said the judge "  is an appropriate choice to provide oversight of these cases . " The Department of Justice has asked that the suits be consolidated in New Orleans , Louisiana , the closest federal court to the spill . The sinking took place in the waters off southeastern Louisiana , about 40 miles off the mouth of the Mississippi River . BP would not comment on Hughes ' financial disclosures . But the judge has held two recent meetings in Houston to discuss possible ethics concerns , a lawyer who attended those meetings told CNN . "  In both of those hearings , the questions have been raised about whether or not he should preside over these cases or whether there will be a conflict , " Mark Lanier , a prominent Houston plaintiff attorney , told CNN . "  In the second one , the judge explained he had listed online all of his financial disclosure information , so people would be able to look at and probe . " One particular case over which Hughes presided in 2009 is raising questions . In 2008 , Hughes listed royalty payments from about 10 wells leased to Devon Energy , an Oklahoma City-based oil and gas company . The amounts were relatively small -- under $ 15,000 , according to his disclosure form -- and a source told CNN the payments were for a collection of nine or 10 wells scattered in land across two or three states . In May of 2009 , Hughes issued a favorable decision for Devon Energy in a dispute with its insurance company . According to an attorney for the insurance firm , the total amount was $ 3.9 million . Court records show that Hughes did not disclose his royalty payments from Devon at any point during the proceedings . No one claims the judge has violated the federal code of judicial ethics , but Geyh says appearances matter . "  I think the best practice that is out there , and I think what judges across the country are encouraged to do , is that if there is any doubt , put some sunshine on the problem , " he said . "  Turn your cards face up , to mix metaphors , and make it clear to the parties what your potential interests are . " Hughes also travels widely and speaks to meetings held by the American Association of Petroleum Geologists , including one held in early June in the Canadian city of Calgary and an earlier conference in Cape Town , South Africa . He 's the association 's distinguished lecturer on ethics , having delivered 10 speeches to the trade group in the past three years . The association does n't pay him a fee but does supply his travel , accommodation and expenses , said Larry Nation , a spokesman for the trade group . Federal judges rarely respond to requests for comment from journalists . But Hughes told CNN in an e-mail that while he could n't speak to past or present cases , he did quote Thomas Jefferson : "  Let facts be submitted to a candid world , " he wrote . Lawyers who know him call Hughes a tough but fair judge and say the reference is to a desire for transparency on his part . But attorneys for environmental advocacy groups say that for BP to request Hughes be assigned to the spill lawsuits is "  outrageous and unseemly . " CNN examined three years of Hughes ' rulings on oil and gas cases , finding he ruled in favor of oil companies only slightly more often than ruling against them . As for other federal judges , a recent survey showed more than 20 federal judges across the Gulf states have a financial interest in oil and gas companies . Several of them have recused themselves from presiding over cases related to the Gulf spill . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	BP wants U.S. District Judge Lynn Hughes to supervise lawsuits in wake of oil disaster Hughes has strong financial ties to oil industry , has received large sum of royalties Hughes to CNN : "  Let facts be submitted to a candid world , " a Thomas Jefferson quote Lawyers who have dealt with Hughes describe him as "  tough but fair "
CNN  -- Six Baha'i leaders in Iran were seized and imprisoned this week , the religious group said . The act prompted condemnation and concern from the movement and a top American religious freedom panel . A U.S. panel says attacks on Iran 's Baha'is have increased since Mahmoud Ahmadinejad became president . Iranian intelligence agents searched the homes of the six on Wednesday and then whisked them away , according to the Baha'i 's World News Service . The report said the six are in Evin prison and that the arrests follow the detention in March of another Baha'i leader . The Iranian Foreign Ministry could not immediately be reached for comment , and the incident has not been mentioned in Iran 's state-run media . "  Their only crime is their practice of the Baha'i faith , " said Bani Dugal , the principal representative of the Baha'i international community to the United Nations . The U.S. State Department issued a statement Friday "  strongly " condeming the arrests , which it said were "  a clear violation of the Iranian regime 's international commitments and obligations to respect international religious freedom norms . "  We urge the authorities to release all Baha'is currently in detention and cease their ongoing harassment of the Iranian Baha'i community , " the U.S. statement said . The group -- regarded as the largest non-Muslim religious minority in Iran -- says the arrests are reminiscent of roundups and killings of Baha'is that took place in Iran two decades ago . "  Especially disturbing is how this latest sweep recalls the wholesale arrest or abduction of the members of two national Iranian Baha'i governing councils in the early 1980s -- which led to the disappearance or execution of 17 individuals , " Dugal said . "  The early morning raids on the homes of these prominent Baha'is were well-coordinated , and it is clear they represent a high-level effort to strike again at the Baha'is and to intimidate the Iranian Baha'i community at large , " she added . The United States Commission on International Religious Freedom -- a government panel that advises the president and Congress -- condemned the Wednesday arrests , as well as another in March . The commission chairman called the acts the "  latest sign of the rapidly deteriorating status of religious freedom and other human rights in Iran . " The commission said the seven were members of an informal Baha'i group that tended to the needs of the community after the Iranian government banned all formal Baha'i activity in 1983 . The commission chairman , Michael Cromartie , echoed the fears that the "  development signals a return to the darkest days of repression in Iran in the 1980s when Baha'is were routinely arrested , imprisoned , and executed . " The Baha'is are regarded as "  apostates " in Iran and have been persecuted there for years . "  Since 1979 , Iranian authorities have killed more than 200 Baha'i leaders , thousands have been arrested and imprisoned , and more than 10,000 have been dismissed from government and university jobs , " the commission said . The commission said that since President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad came to power a few years ago , Baha'is "  have been harassed , physically attacked , arrested , and imprisoned . " "  During the past year , young Baha'i schoolchildren in primary and secondary schools increasingly have been attacked , vilified , pressured to convert to Islam , and in some cases , expelled on account of their religion . " The commission said other groups in the predominantly Shiite Muslim country of Iran , such Sufis and Christians , are subject to intimidation and harassment . Ahmadinejad 's inflammatory statements about Israel have "  created a climate of fear " among the country 's Jews . The Baha'is say they have 5 million members across the globe , and about 300,000 in Iran . The Baha'is say their faith "  is the youngest of the world 's independent religions " and that its basic theme is that "  humanity is one single race and that the day has come for its unification in one global society . " They say their founder , Baha'u ` llah  1817-1892  , is regarded by Baha'is as "  the most recent in the line of Messengers of God that stretches back beyond recorded time and that includes Abraham , Moses , Buddha , Krishna , Zoroaster , Christ and Muhammad . "	Six Baha'i leaders arrested in raids on their homes , Baha'i news service says "  Their only crime is practice of their faith , " says Baha'i representative to U.N. No comment from Iranian government ; arrests not reported in Iran 's state-run media U.S. government panel calls arrests a sign of vanishing religious freedom in Iran
CNN  -- The French navy on Wednesday captured 11 suspected pirates off the coast of Kenya , Franc ' e mnistry of defense announced , while other pirates who had held a Greek vessel for nearly a month let it go . Pirates attacked The Liberty Sun , a U.S.-flagged cargo ship , but were unable to board . The navy tracked the pirates overnight after they attacked a ship called the Safmarine Asia , then seized them at dawn Wednesday morning , the ministry said in a statement . The Greek-flagged Titan cargo ship was carrying a load of iron to South Korea when pirates seized it . Twenty-four crew members were on board -- 17 Filipinos , three Greeks , three Romanians and a Ukrainian . They are in good health , said Tilemahos Gasteratos , spokesman for the Greek Merchant Marine Ministry . The European Union , NATO and the United States have been patrolling the region since an upsurge in piracy off the coast of Somalia began last year . U.S. snipers on Sunday killed three pirates holding hostage a U.S. merchant ship captain . Richard Phillips was held in a lifeboat for five days after his ship , the Maersk Alabama , was attacked last week . The freed Maersk crew members are expected to return to the United States on Wednesday evening . Pirates in Somalia vowed revenge . Pirates said an attack Tuesday on another U.S.-flagged merchant ship , the Liberty Sun , was in response to the killing of Phillips ' captors . "  It was a revenge , " Hassan Mohamud told a Somali journalist . "  The U.S. ship escaped by a matter of chance . " "  We sent out 14 boats full of well-armed men and we are looking for vessels of U.S. and French nationals , " said Mohamud . He is a pirate leader based Gara'ad in Puntland , a semi-autonomous Somali region with a long coastline along the Indian Ocean and Gulf of Aden . "  The U.S. and French governments should know this because they started the aggression on us , " he said . Other pirates in the region have also vowed revenge . Two days before Phillips was rescued , the French military freed four hostages , including a child , who had been held by pirates for nearly a week on a yacht off Somalia 's coast . In that operation , a hostage and two pirates were killed , the French Defense Ministry said . Three pirates were captured . Separately , a court in Puntland sentenced 27 Somali pirates to prison after the judge said they had been caught red-handed . Shiekh Mohamed Abdi Aware , the presiding judge , read the verdict to the media . He said that each of the pirates would face three years in prison . A crew member aboard the Liberty Sun managed to e-mail his mother while the ship was under fire . "  We are under attack by pirates , we are being hit by rockets . Also bullets . " Katy Urbik said her heart stopped as she read that in an e-mail from her son Thomas . "  We are barricaded in the engine room and so far no one is hurt . -LSB- A -RSB- rocket penetrated the bulkhead but the hole is small . Small fire too but put out , " the message from her son continued . "  Navy is on the way and helos and ships are coming . I 'll try to send you another message soon . -LSB- G -RSB- ot to go now . I love you mom and dad and all my brothers and family . " amFIX : Full interview with Katy Urbik Ubrik , of Wheaton , Illinois , said her son e-mailed again half an hour later . "  The Navy has showed up in full force and we are now under military escort ... all is well . I love you all and thank you for the prayers , " his message said . The ordeal followed a tense week for the family , said Ubrik , who had closely followed news of the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama and the kidnapping of its captain . She said of receiving her son 's shocking e-mail : "  My heart stopped as soon as I realized there was n't going to be a ` just kidding ' after his comment . Because I had heard from his earlier -LSB- Tuesday -RSB- morning , saying they had a plan with the Navy , they were being monitored , they had been practicing drills to get into the engine room . " "  I opened up my e-mail and it was one of those surreal moments where , am I really reading this ? " After the thwarted attack on the Liberty Sun , the vessel was being escorted by the guided missile destroyer USS Bainbridge -- the same ship carrying Phillips after his dramatic rescue Sunday . Watch the tough tactics the Navy uses " About 20 U.S. citizens are aboard the Liberty Sun . The ship was delivering humanitarian supplies from the U.N. World Food Programme , CARE and other groups , two senior defense officials told CNN . Pirates off the coast of Somalia seized two other freighters Tuesday . First , they hijacked the MV Irene EM , a 35,000-ton Greek-owned bulk carrier , according to a NATO spokesman and the European Union 's Maritime Security Center . The crew of the Greek ship was thought to be unhurt , and ships have been warned to stay clear of the area for fear of further attack , the security center said . Later Tuesday , pirates on four skiffs seized the 5,000-ton MV Sea Horse , a Lebanese-owned and Togo-flagged vessel , Cmdr. Chris Davies said from NATO 's Maritime Component Command Headquarters in Northwood , England . Further details about the ship and its crew were n't immediately available . The two freighters seized Tuesday are the third and fourth vessels to be hijacked in two days off the Somali coast . Pirates on Monday hijacked two Egyptian fishing boats carrying a total of between 18 and 24 people , the Egyptian Information Ministry told CNN . The Egyptian Foreign Ministry is working to end the hijacking , the information ministry said . Piracy accelerated after the fall of the Somali government in the early 1990s and began to flourish after shipping companies started paying ransoms . Those payments started out being in the tens of thousands of dollars and have since climbed into the millions . Some experts say companies are making the problem worse by paying the pirates . About 16,000 ships a year pass through the region , according to the French Foreign Ministry . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan , Christine Theodorou , Niki Cook , Mike Mount and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	NEW : Pirates had held Greek ship and its load of iron for nearly a month French navy tracked pirates overnight after they attacked a merchant ship Greek 35,000-ton bulk carrier and Lebanese-owned , Togo-flagged freighters seized Pirates : Attack Tuesday on the Liberty Sun was a response to the killing of pirates
Vice President Joe Biden stressed Monday that he and Benjamin Netanyahu are "  still buddies " during remarks to the Jewish Federations of North America , less than two weeks after a senior Obama administration official was quoted calling the Israeli prime minister "  chickens -- " "  You better damn well report to Bibi that we 're still buddies , " Biden said at the top of his remarks , speaking specifically to Israeli ambassador Ron Dermer , who was in the audience .  "  Bibi " is a nickname for Netanyahu . "  I signed a picture for Bibi a long time ago -- I have a bad habit of , no one ever doubts I mean what I say , sometimes I say all that I mean , though -- and I signed a picture a long time for Bibi , " Biden continued . "  He 's been a friend for over 30 years . I said ` Bibi I do n't agree with a damn thing you say but I love you . ' " Joe Biden : ` I 'm not changing ' Biden continued to emphasize that "  we really are good friends " and later called him a "  great , great friend , " though he did not specifically mention the "  chickens -- " comments . His comment marked the first time that Biden addressed the group since the quote by the unnamed official -- reported by The Atlantic 's Jeffrey Goldberg -- underscored the awkward relationship between President Barack Obama 's administration and Israel . Biden says use of term ` Shylocks ' was a poor choice The Vice President said Israel has no other friend like the United States , and that Obama has met with Netanyahu more than any other world leader . "  Like all close friends , we talk honestly with one another . We talk directly with one another . We disagree with one another . We love one another , and we drive one another crazy , " he said . "  That 's what friends do . There is never a miss between the cup and the lip here . We are straight with one another . " Biden went on in his remarks to spell out the "  moral obligation " that the United States has to help Israel . "  My father pointed out to me I did not need to be a Jew to be a Zionist , for I am . Israel is essential for security of Jews worldwide , " he said . "  And a state of Palestine . Each enjoin security , self-determination , and mutual recognition . " He also tried to take a clear line on Iran 's nuclear capacity . "  We will not let Iran acquire a nuclear weapon . Period . Period . Period , " he said . "  And I would not put my 42 year reputation on the line were I not certain when I say , we mean it . "	Vice President Joe Biden said that he and Benjamin Netanyahu are "  still buddies . " His comments come after an Obama administration official had harsh words about the Israeli leader .
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- About 250 people raced across the Syrian border into Turkey , government officials said Saturday , a flight that reflects the fear and violence gripping the Arab nation . The people hustled to the southern Turkish Yaylidagi district in Hatay province on Friday afternoon , according to local and federal government officials . Turkish Foreign Ministry spokesman Selcuk Unal said the government is trying to determine more about the people and how and why they chose to leave Syria . "  They just came to the border post and want to go in without passports . They were let in , " Unal said . "  We are trying to figure out whether this is an individual event or the tip of the iceberg . " Yaylidagi Mayor Mustafa Kemal Dagistanli and another local government official , who asked not to be named , said the people are Syrian citizens and Muslims . The local official said most of the people are ethnic Turkmens , and three of them speak Turkish . Most of them are from Qamishli , in the northeastern region , and Latakia , on the western coast . The official said the people say they 've been persecuted by the government of President Bashar al-Assad -- now locked in confrontation across the country with anti-government protesters . "  The group is mostly young , there are women and children among them , " the official said . "  They are in good health condition . There are no health problems . " The military , the local government and the Red Crescent are assisting them with tents and food .	Syrians citizens hightail it to Turkey Most of them are ethnic Turkmens , an official says Turkey wonders if this is "  the tip of the iceberg "
CNN  -- Texas prison officials have found polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs guilty of "  a major disciplinary infraction " following an investigation into whether he violated policy by -- among other things -- preaching a Christmas day sermon from prison , a state spokeswoman said Monday . Jeffs ' phone privileges have been suspended for 90 days , added Texas Department of Criminal Justice spokeswoman Michelle Lyons . While refusing to elaborate on the content of the conversations , Lyons said that Jeffs was found guilty of making conference calls on several occasions . "  It was obvious to us he was talking to a group of people , " she said . The leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , Jeffs is serving a life-plus-20-year term in Texas for sexual assault . He was convicted last August of the aggravated sexual assaults of a 12-year-old girl and a 15-year-old girl that Jeffs claimed were his "  spiritual wives . " The state criminal justice department announced in late December that it had initiated an investigation into allegations that Jeffs used a prison phone to preach to his congregation on Christmas . Records show that Jeffs made two phone calls on December 25 , said Jason Clark , a Criminal Justice Department spokesman . "  It would be a violation of the rules if the person called were to place the call on speaker phone or record the conversation . The Office of Inspector General has asked us to suspend the accounts of certain individuals on his calling list while they continue to investigate , " Clark said . He declined to identify those people . Texas inmates are allowed to call as many as 10 people who have registered with the offender phone system vendor . Calls can be up to 15 minutes in length , and offenders are limited to 240 minutes of phone time per month . All calls are recorded and monitored except those between an inmate and his attorney . Jeffs remains isolated in protective custody in the state 's Powledge Unit prison facility near Palestine , Texas . "  He has no cellmate . No prison job . And the only time he leaves it  his cell  is for a shower and recreation , " Clark said . The 10,000-member church that Jeffs heads is a breakaway Mormon sect that openly practices polygamy in the twin border towns of Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona , as well as on its Yearning for Zion ranch near Eldorado , Texas . The mainstream Mormon church renounced polygamy more than a century ago . Many sect members have disavowed Jeffs in light of his criminal convictions , while others are defending him and calling his conviction on sexual assault charges an act of persecution . A long-time follower of Jeffs recently said he had been ex-communicated after admitting to having sex with his wife -- a violation of an order that the sect leader apparently issued from behind bars . The church member spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue . CNN 's Gary Tuchman contributed to this report .	The sect leader is serving a life-plus-20-year term in Texas for sexual assault Authorities probed his phone use in prison , including an alleged Christmas sermon A state spokeswoman says he was found guilty of making conference calls Jeffs ' phone privileges have been suspended for 90 days
CNN  -- "  One of the biggest things that I suffered with initially was sickness , especially on the ovals , getting dizzy ... you get out of the car after 10 , 15 , maybe 20 laps and you could n't walk straight . I found it very difficult . " Of all the sensations you 'd want to feel when driving a car at over 200 mph in front of thousands of spectators , and with the rest of the grid bearing down on your rear wing , it 's fair to assume dizziness is not one of them . Even if you 're Nigel Mansell , one of the most successful drivers in motorsport history , and especially not when -- like the Formula One star did when he switched to IndyCar racing in 1993 -- you 're plunged into a completely alien environment . For the Englishman , a rookie acclimatizing to the pressures of racing in one of America 's most popular track events , it was the kind of experience where you crave a supportive word or two from a veteran of the scene . Mansell recalls : "  A.J. Foyt was very funny , he said : ` You 're in a foreign country , boy , do n't turn right -- you 'll eat concrete . ' And I thought , ` What ? Thanks ! ' A.J. was really fun , lots of very useful tips ... " Foyt , in 1977 , became the first driver to win the Indy 500 four times , and ran his own team after retiring -- but the Texan could n't match Mansell 's unique feat . Only four men have managed to win titles in both IndyCar and F1 , such is the challenge posed by the jump between the two disciplines . Only one has reigned as champion in both at the same time . Despite his dizziness , Mansell pulled off a remarkable achievement . Driving the all-conquering Williams FW14B , he was crowned world champion for the first and only time in 1992 , having been runner-up the year before -- after coming agonizingly close to the title in 1986 and ' 87 . However , his glorious 13th season in Formula One ended in his retirement following a dispute with Williams , and he headed across the Atlantic in search of a new challenge . Mansell accepted an offer by the Newman-Haas team to drive in the CART series . His aggressive driving style , plus the steely resolve forged by his earlier F1 setbacks , helped him take America by storm . After notching up five wins he took the title and , for three precious weeks , held two of world motorsport 's most coveted prizes . "  Winning the IndyCar championship was something incredibly special , it helped to convert the Americans , " the 60-year-old told CNN 's The Circuit ahead of this weekend 's United States Grand Prix . "  I remember , I think it was an NBC television broadcast in Indianapolis the first year I was there , they were really knocking me on television saying , ` Has anyone told this rookie he ca n't overtake on the outside ? ' "  And then just as the commentator said it , the other commentator said : ` Well , he 's just done it so I guess no-one 's told him ! " Mansell , talking at his new museum on the island of Jersey , which sits in the English Channel , has fond memories of his time across the Atlantic -- which was followed by a brief return to F1 with McLaren and a similarly unsuccessful stint in touring cars . "  There were 90,000 fans wishing me happy birthday for my 40th birthday on the race track in New Hampshire , " he said . "  We converted a lot of people who would n't believe in grand prix drivers in America , and I had a blast and it was fantastic . We 've got so many good friends over there , and I think all the sponsors , everybody who looked after us over there , were such great people . " Mansell , who will be one of the race stewards on Sunday in Austin , believes no current F1 driver "  is crazy enough " to attempt the switch to IndyCar . He feels many of them have their talents masked by the technical and tactical nature of the current F1 setup , which has been dominated for the past four years by Sebastian Vettel . "  This is the misunderstanding now , because with the tires they have underneath them , they 're not able to ` gorilla ' the tires . And now this is a misconception of Vettel and Red Bull , " said the former Ferrari driver . "  Vettel is able to set his car in a very , very neutral way and he looks after his tires better than any other car . Predominantly , that 's because ... he 's a class act . He 's four-time world champion , I mean , that 's an amazing feat ! " High praise from a man who sold his house to get his first drive , suffered chemical burns in his first race for Lotus and broke his neck and vertebrae in his back in pursuit of his sole F1 title . "  Life and death was almost , well , certainly a monthly thing . Back in the 1960s and '70s , when we started , and then obviously late '70s and early '80s and all through '80s and early '90s , people regularly got seriously hurt and unfortunately died too . So , it was part of the scene . "  What 's amazing for me -- if you look at the footage even in the 1990s -- the drivers get out the car half dead , wringing wet , completely expelled of all energy . At Monaco this year , you saw them get out of the car and you think they 've just come from the hairdressers ! " Times may have changed but experience like that of Mansell 's is seen as a valuable commodity by teams such as Mercedes , which benefits from the wisdom of three-time world champion Niki Lauda -- who is non-executive chairman of the German marque . "  I do n't think anybody can afford me , that 's the problem , " Mansell replied when asked if he could play a similar role . However , his desire to race still burns strongly . "  As you get old , your body tells you that you ca n't be there anymore . Although I have to say , with the Red Bull and the British Grand Prix this year , I did put my hat in the ring for the drive , " Mansell revealed . "  There 'd be certain races I 'd definitely be very competitive to win . For a bit of fun I said , ` Please consider me . I 'm not over the hill yet , ' but I did n't get the call back ! "	Nigel Mansell is the only driver to hold F1 and IndyCar titles at the same time He pulled off the feat in 1993 after quitting Formula One to drive in the U.S. The 60-year-old will be a race steward at this weekend 's U.S. Grand Prix He says modern F1 drivers are not "  crazy enough " to try American cars
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Children with high-risk medical conditions or disabilities should be among the first to be vaccinated against H1N1 influenza , also known as swine flu , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention advised Thursday . CDC : The H1N1 virus is spreading in the United States , particularly in the Southeast . And high-risk children under 18 years of age should be rushed to a doctor at the first sign of the virus , said Dr. Thomas Frieden , CDC director . In addition , doctors should be aware that some otherwise healthy children with bacterial infections may be more susceptible to the flu , he told reporters during a conference call . Frieden said the vaccine should be available by mid-October , and will be free at public hospitals and other sites . All schoolchildren should be vaccinated , he said . "  We also are recommending that all people with underlying conditions get vaccinated -- people who have asthma , diabetes , lung disease , heart disease , neuromuscular conditions , neurological conditions that increase their risk factors and women who are pregnant , " Frieden added . As of August 22 , there had been 556 deaths in the United States associated with the H1N1 virus , and 42 of those deaths were children under the age of 18 . The figures were published August 28 on the CDC Web site . Thursday , the CDC 's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report focused on the pediatric cases -- 36 that were counted among the 477 flu-related deaths up to August 8 . Watch more on what the CDC had to say about H1N1 influenza " Seven of the children who died were younger than 5 years old , the report said , and 24 had underlying disabilities , such as muscular dystrophy or cerebral palsy , or one or more high-risk medical conditions . Frieden said the H1N1 virus -- which he said never really went away , judging by the cases reported this summer -- is spreading in the United States , particularly in the Southeast . "  The good news is that so far , everything that we 've seen , both in this country and abroad , shows that the virus has not changed to become more deadly . That means that although it may affect lots of people , most people will not be severely ill , " he said . He noted , however , that both H1N1 and the seasonal flu are unpredictable . Because of this , health professionals have to be ready to change their protocols based on any new information . On Wednesday , the CDC said there were six suspected cases among its approximately 7,000 employees at the Atlanta , Georgia , headquarters . Frieden referenced findings by federal agencies who were asked to study the impact of H1N1 in the Southern Hemisphere . They examined data from Argentina , Australia , Chile , New Zealand and Uruguay , since they more closely resemble U.S. demographics and economic development . "  All countries report that after mid-July , disease activity in most parts of the country decreased . This indicates that the duration of the current influenza season in the Southern Hemisphere , in which the 2009 H1N1 virus is the predominate strain , may be similar in length to an average seasonal influenza season , " according to the Flu.gov Web site . Earlier Thursday , the Institute of Medicine released a report recommending a major step up in protection for health workers dealing with patients suspected or confirmed to have H1N1 influenza . The institute , in recommendations requested by the CDC , said loose paper masks are inadequate because workers can still breathe in the virus . Instead , health workers should switch to a specific type of mask -- N95 respirators -- that form an airtight seal around the nose and mouth . CNN 's Mariam Falco contributed to this report .	CDC : Children with medical issues should be among the first to get H1N1 vaccine Head of CDC predicts the vaccine should be available by mid-October As of August 22 , 42 of the 556 U.S. deaths linked to H1N1 virus were in kids
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican President Felipe Calderon met with the country 's 32 governors Thursday to create a plan to combat the nation 's staggering rise in crime and kidnappings . Mexican President Felipe Calderon has noted that kidnappings have reached an alarming level . In a heavily guarded meeting at Mexico 's National Palace , the leaders devised a plan that detailed 65 specific actions to could be taken in the next several months . Those actions are aimed at helping families like that of prominent businessman Alejandro Marti . He told the group that the new focus on kidnapping has come too late for his 14-year-old son , Fernando . Fernando was grabbed from a car on a busy street at a fake police checkpoint this year . The next day , his chauffeur and bodyguard were found bound and strangled in the trunk of a car . Next to their bodies , police found a yellow chrysanthemum , a calling card from a gang that calls itself the Band of Flowers . Some investigators believed the flower was a coded message to police telling them not to investigate too closely , that the kidnappers were police , also . In July , Fernando 's decomposed and bullet-ridden body was found stuffed in the trunk of a car . At least one police officer and one civilian have been taken into custody , accused of involvement in the kidnapping and killing , police and Alejandro Marti said . Marti told the group of leaders to do a better job to protect other children like his son . "  There are university students who could do their jobs better than you can , " Marti scolded the group . To address the crime increase , Mexican leaders called Thursday for building special prisons exclusively for kidnappers , bolstering the justice system , cleaning up corrupt police forces , clamping down on kidnapping tools such as prepaid cell phones and money laundering . Calderon noted at the meeting that kidnappings had reached an alarming level . "  The truth is we are all responsible , " Calderon told the group . "  We must recognize the traditional way of combating crime has not been sufficient . We must act in a more coordinated and vigorous manner . " According to official figures , there have been 314 kidnapping in Mexico this year . The numbers topped 700 in 2007 . Authorities say the real figures may be even greater because victims often do n't report crimes to a police force they do n't trust . Experts say the rise is also a result of a perception sense that crimes go unpunished . Non-governmental groups estimate that there have been more than 1,500 killings in Mexico this year linked to organized crime . The group of leaders pledged to implement changes within the next three months . Activists said they hoped the one-day crime summit does not end up becoming just a photo-op .	Actions are aimed at helping families like that of businessman Alejandro Marti Marti 's son Fernando , his chauffeur and bodyguard were killed after kidnapping Marti told group of leaders to do better job to protect other children like his son
CNN  -- Katy Brown is an Internet-savvy college freshman with conservative perspectives who worries about the future of the Republican Party . Katy Brown , Kevin Neugebauer , Barbara Rademacher and Chuck Burkhard discuss the future of the GOP . Brown , a student at Kent State University in Ohio , joined other Republicans and conservative independent iReporters in an online roundtable discussion . The Republican National Committee selected Michael Steele to become its chairman Friday during its annual winter meeting after the decisive victory of President Obama in November . Over the next four years , Republicans must regroup and establish a strategy , and the new GOP leader must navigate a political landscape where the Democrats control the White House and both houses of Congress . "  I think we 'll come with somebody who has experience , knows what they 're talking about , is good with both liberals and conservatives , both Democrats and Republicans , " Brown said of a future Republican presidential nominee . iReport.com : Watch Brown respond to one of Obama 's Cabinet picks Kevin Neugebauer of Katy , Texas , a Republican who voted for Sen. John McCain in the election , said during the chat that he thinks the majority of Americans are conservative and that he wants to see the party head in a more conservative direction . iReport.com : ` McCain was n't conservative enough to win ' Neugebauer thinks that abiding by conservative principles , especially fiscally , is the only way to solve the country 's financial problems . "  I do n't want to have to mortgage my kids ' future to get us out of the things we 're doing today , " he said . Another panel participant , Chuck Burkhard of Windber , Pennsylvania , voted for McCain as a registered Republican but plans to become an independent . Watch the iReporters talk over a Web chat " He feels that the Bush administration failed at making government smaller and reducing spending , which he thinks Republicans should make a top priority . He hopes that the party will take a new direction and reach out to more people . "  I really think the Republicans will reach out with a grass-roots campaign , " he said . iReport.com : ' I choose Sen. McCain ' Neugebauer said he thinks the Republican Party needs a "  fresh new face " who can set the agenda . He says the government needs to be smaller and thinks politicians waste money on "  stuff that the government has no business being in . " The fourth panel participant , Barbara Rademacher , said she had a difficult time making her decision during the 2008 election . She finally settled on McCain but says she is very much an independent voter . Social issues such as abortion are what swung her to the right , but she said the party focused too much on attacks . "  I hate the Republican Party the way it is right now . I hated the way they acted during the election and some of the ideas they came up with as election strategies , " she said . Rademacher said she thinks former Gov. Mike Huckabee , a candidate in the 2008 race , would be a good president because of his experience . She says he has integrity , intelligence and charisma , as well as the ability to manage money . iReport.com : How will Huckabee reform the party ? "  I think he may be the only hope for the Republican Party , " she said . Burkhard , Brown and Neugebauer all agreed that Huckabee would be a good presidential candidate . Neugebauer said he also likes former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich and advocated for a return to strong Republican politics . "  I just think what we need to do is , we need to concentrate on the core values that the Republican Party was started on , " he said . "  There 's too many fence-huggers . They 'll say one thing just to get votes , and they actually are thinking the other way . You really need someone in there that can rally the troops and somebody with good morals and a good record . " Paul A. Beck , a political science professor at Ohio State University , said that although Obama is president , there is a large number of conservative people in the country , and they will want their say . "  We have to remember that the 2000 and 2004 elections were very narrow elections , " Beck said . "  The country was very divided in those elections . " He said he feels that many voters looked at Bush 's administration and blamed him for the downfall of the economy and the war in Iraq , creating trouble for the Republican candidates who would attempt to follow him . "  It looks like the Bush administration fumbled the ball . McCain did n't know quite what to do , " he said . Hao Li , a student at the University of Southern California , said he was n't Bush 's biggest fan but thought the former president did "  the right thing . " Li said he lives the divide in this country every day as a committed Republican and McCain voter in a state that went for Obama . He describes himself as strongly fiscally conservative and socially moderate . He feels that the GOP needs to make greater efforts to reach out to minorities and young people if party members hope for success . Watch Hao Li ask about reaching out to young people in a ` Digg Dialogg ' "  The party has its way of saying , ` Just work hard , and you 'll get there , ' and they do n't really outreach to the minority community . The party should n't change its basic principles , but the party should outreach to women and minorities . "	Republican National Committee names Michael Steele as chairman Katy Brown advocates bipartisan cooperation during iReport roundtable chat Kevin Neugebauer suggests Republicans need to return to conservative roots iReport.com : Hao Li asks how the party can reach out to younger voters
Flesh-eating bacteria amputee Aimee Copeland now uses the latest technology in prosthetic hands to chop vegetables , pick up tiny items like Skittles , and comb and iron press her hair . With the bionic hands , Copeland is looking forward to cleaning her house -- she 's a neat freak , she tells CNN -- and cooking her own food . She 's something of a foodie but has been able to eat only microwaveable foods , she adds . "  I really want to be able to get back in the kitchen and start cooking some delicious vegetarian meals for myself , " she said as she used the hands in a demonstration for media outlets this week . "  It just mimics so well a natural hand that it really just reminds me of before the accident , how I would have done things , " she added . "  I never thought I would actually be able to hold a knife and cut something . That 's just incredible . " Family counters flesh-eating bacteria with faith The "  i-limb ultra revolution " hands can cost up to $ 120,000 each , said a spokesman for manufacturer Touch Bionics . Copeland demonstrated the prosthetic hands at the firm 's office in Hilliard , Ohio , showing how hand positions can also be remotely set with an iPad application using a blue-tooth connection . The "  bioism " software can also be downloaded to an iPhone and iPod , the spokesman said . On May 1 , 2012 , Copeland , a University of West Georgia graduate student , was outdoors with friends at the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta when the homemade zip line she was holding snapped . She fell and got a gash in her leg that required 22 staples to close . Three days later , still in pain , she went to an emergency room , and doctors eventually determined she had necrotizing fasciitis caused by the flesh-devouring bacteria Aeromonas hydrophila . Doctors performed amputations to save her life . She lost parts of all limbs : her hands , a leg and a foot . After the surgery , her family home in Snellville , just east of Atlanta , added a 1,956-square-foot "  Aimee 's Wing , " donated by a builder . In other upcoming milestones , Copeland , whose story raised the nation 's awareness of flesh-eating bacteria , will receive a service dog this summer , when she will work with amputee children in a wilderness camp . She is hoping to receive a prosthetic leg later this year as well . Walking will be a dream come true , she said . Copeland is working to complete her master 's degree before the end of the year . Surviving a flesh-eating disease	Aimee Copeland receives bionic hands that cost up to $ 100,000 each "  It just mimics so well a natural hand , " Copeland says The multiple amputee says she 's looking forward to cleaning house and cooking She will work with amputee children in a summer camp
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Four Palestinian militants were killed Tuesday evening in an Israeli airstrike in the Zeitoun neighborhood east of Gaza City , the latest in a series of attacks in recent days that have included two children among the fatalities , Hamas security sources and Palestinian medical officials said . Islamic Jihad said all four militants were field commanders for Islamic Jihad . An Israeli army spokeswoman said that an Israeli military aircraft fired toward the group after identifying a group of militants who were preparing to launch a rocket into Israel . In an earlier incident Tuesday , two adults and two children were killed in the Al-Shajaieh neighborhood east of Gaza City when shells from Israeli tanks hit a house there , the sources said . The children , 11-year-old Mohammed Jihad Al-Hilo and 16-year-old Yasser Ahed Al-Hilo , were playing soccer outside their house when the shells hit , the sources said . Yasser Hamed Al-Hilo , 50 , and Mohamad Saber Harara , 20 , were also killed , according to the sources . Eight others were wounded , three of them critically , they said . The Israel Defense Forces said the mortar attack was carried out in response to the launch from Gaza of four military-use projectiles into the Shaar Hanegev regional council area . "  It appears that uninvolved civilians were injured as a result , " the IDF said . The incident was under investigation by the IDF . "  The IDF does not want an escalation of violence in the South , " an IDF spokesman said . In a statement , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expressed regret over the deaths and injuries of Gaza civilians in Tuesday 's Israeli military action and said the strikes were carried out in response to Hamas attacks on Israeli citizens . "  It 's unfortunate that Hamas continues to intentionally rain down dozens of rockets on Israeli civilians using its own civilians as shields , " he said . "  Israel has no intention of bringing about a deterioration of the situation , but at the same time the IDF will continue to act decisively to protect Israeli citizens . " Hamas condemned the killings east of Gaza City . "  The massacre in Al-Shajaieh neighborhood is a war crime and the Israeli occupation bears full responsibility , " it said in a statement . Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad also condemned what he called "  the Israeli aggression against the civilians " and asked for international protection of civilians . He called the military shelling of residential neighborhoods a "  dangerous escalation that should be ended . " Since Saturday , 10 Palestinians have been killed and at least 37 others wounded in a series of incidents in Gaza , Palestinian medical sources said . Also since Saturday , 61 mortars and rockets have been fired into southern Israel , the IDF said . CNN 's Michal Zippori , Kareem Khadder and Talal Abu Rahma contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Israel has no intention of bringing about a deterioration of the situation , " Netanyahu says NEW : "  The massacre ... is a war crime , " says Hamas Four Palestinian militants were killed Tuesday evening Israel says mortars and rockets have been fired from Gaza into southern Israel
CNN  -- A golfer 's bid to raise money for the victims of the Boston bombings was given an unlikely boost when a record-equaling 91 players made the halfway cut at the PGA Tour tournament in South Carolina . James Driscoll is pledging $ 1,000 for each birdie he makes at the RBC Heritage at Hilton Head , but he was in danger of missing the weekend action . However , a missed putt by Jesper Parnevik meant that a group of 21 players -- including Driscoll -- moved above the cut line and went through to Saturday 's third round . " @JesperParnevik can I buy you a drink or 14 tonight ? " Driscoll wrote on Twitter . Driscoll , who was born in Boston , had a big group of friends at the finish line of the marathon when the explosions went off on Monday but none were hurt . "  I 've had tons of players ask if my family is OK and if I knew anybody close by , " he said on the PGA Tour website . "  The crowds have been good . I can tell they 've been pulling for me with what I 'm trying to do . " Driscoll carded seven birdies in 36 holes across Thursday and Friday , having set up a pledge site for donations . One of the bombing suspects was killed by police early Friday , while the other was taken into custody in the evening . "  Before the round I was glued to the TV and the news , " Driscoll said . "  It 's crazy when you watch the news , it 's like you 're watching a movie . It does n't seem real . " Boston Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs has pledged to donate $ 100,000 on behalf of the baseball franchise to the One Fund Boston charity , while the owner of its home venue , the T.D. Garden â $ " shared with the city 's NBA team the Celtics -- will put in $ 50,000 . The Celtics announced Saturday that the team will seek to raise $ 200,00 through multiple initiatives . "  I think that 's where it gets its reputation as a crazy sports town ; people rally so hard around the local teams that it 's such a tight-knit community , " Driscoll said . "  People are quick to support one another and that 's what I 'm trying to do . " Usually around half of the 140-strong field at a tournament will be cut at the halfway stage , but Parnevik 's 18th-hole miss meant that the weekend ranks were swelled to a number not seen since the 1981 Travelers Championship . "  Everybody in the field at +2 , put your envelopes in my locker ... " tweeted Parnevik , who was one of 17 players to complete their second rounds on Saturday . Driscoll did not make the third-round cut , which is the top 70 players , having carded one birdie and two double-bogeys in his opening nine holes . He added another birdie to take his pledge total to $ 9,000 but was left in a tie for 88th after recording a 76 . Driscoll was 18 shots behind leader Charley Hoffman , who will take a two-stroke advantage over 2012 U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson into Sunday 's final round .	Boston-born golfer James Driscoll pledges $ 1,000 for every birdie he makes Driscoll cards seven birdies in his opening two rounds and is lucky to make cut A record-equaling 91 players play the third after Jesper Parnevik 's missed putt It moved 21 players above the cut line as second round is completed on Saturday
Charlottesville , Virginia  CNN  -- A judge is considering a jury recommendation that a former University of Virginia lacrosse player be sentenced up to 26 years in prison for his role in the death of his ex-girlfriend . A jury returned the recommendation late Wednesday , hours after finding George Huguely , 24 , guilty of second-degree murder and grand larceny in the May 2010 death of Yeardley Love . The case captured national attention with a spotlight shown on the volatile relationship of star athletes Huguely and 22-year-old Love , who both played lacrosse for the university 's nationally-ranked teams . Judge Edward Hogshire is expected to schedule Huguely 's sentencing date on April 16 , at which time he can accept or reduce the jury 's recommendation . Outside the courtroom , Charlottesville Commonwealth 's Attorney Warner D. Chapman told reporters that "  what we do in court is a very rough approximation of justice in any given case . "  There 's nothing that we can say that will make good the terrible and tragic loss to the Love family , " Chapman said . "  There are no winners in this case . There is nothing but loss everywhere . " He did not take any questions , saying he would wait until after sentencing to comment further . Huguely 's attorney , Francis Lawrence , said he was disappointed in the verdict , saying his client displayed "  amazing resilience and courage . " "  He 's hopeful . He 's spiritual , " he said in brief comments following the verdict . "  And we look forward to some corrections on what happened here tonight . " It was unclear whether Lawrence planned to appeal the verdict . The jury did not agree with the prosecution that Huguely was guilty of first-degree murder , and it acquitted him on several other charges , including robbery , and breaking and entering to commit larceny . Huguely has never denied he was in Love 's apartment nor that they had a fight . At the center of the case were dueling portraits of Huguely , who prosecutors contend killed Love in a jealous rage while the defense argued the death was accidental . Prosecutors claimed Huguely followed through with a threat to kill Love after accusing her of allegedly having a liaison with a lacrosse player from a competing university . "  I should have killed you , " he wrote in an e-mail to Love , which was read during the trial . But the defense argued that Huguely contributed to her death but had no intention of killing her . Lawrence described his client as "  stupid , drunk -- but not calculating . " Police were initially called to Love 's off-campus Charlottesville apartment by a roommate who reported a possible alcohol overdose , authorities said at the time . A medical examiner found Love died of blunt force trauma to the head . The prosecution told jurors that Love 's death was slow and painful , claiming she could have remained alive for a couple of hours after Huguely left her apartment . Inside an emotionally-charged courtroom , Huguely hung his head and appeared to cry during his attorney 's plea during the sentencing phase that directly followed the jury 's verdict . "  George 's decision and judgment were clouded by drinking , immaturity , " attorney Rhonda Quagliana told the jurors . "  It 's not an excuse . It 's not a justification . It 's just a fact ...  at the time  George is a 22-year-old immersed in sex and alcohol . " Love 's mother , Sharon , and sister , Alexis , both cried during their testimony in the sentencing phase , which saw two female jurors cry . "  Every year that goes by , I 'm afraid I 'm forgetting a little piece of her , " Sharon Love told the court . Alexis Love told the jurors that not a day goes by that she does n't think about what happened to her sister . "  First , there 's the shock . And then that wears off , and it becomes reality , " she said . " ... I 've never wanted anything so much in life as I 've wanted to see her face again . " InSession 's Jean Casarez and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	A judge will schedule a sentencing hearing for George Huguely on April 16 A jury recommended Huguely be sentenced to 26 years in prison The jury convicted Huguely , 24 , in the death of his ex-girlfriend , Yeardley Love
