STUART , Florida  CNN  -- The most expensive item on Florida 's list of economic stimulus projects is drawing fire from some residents and at least one public official , all questioning whether it 's needed at all . Some residents say it 's wasteful to spend money on a new bridge when there 's one less than three miles away . The proposed $ 128 million Indian Street Bridge across the St. Lucie River has been debated in Martin County , Florida , for more than 20 years . But now that it has been cleared to receive money from the federal government 's nearly $ 800 billion economic stimulus effort , the debate may be over . Critics say the span , which will connect the communities of Palm City and Stuart , is wasteful because there is already a bridge that connects the two communities less than three miles away . "  The president should know that this is a boondoggle , and he is getting swindled , " said Odias Smith , who has been fighting the bridge for decades and is suing the state Department of Transportation to try to stop it . Mike Mortell , chairman of the Martin Metropolitan Planning Organization , said the existing Palm City bridge "  is in fine shape , " but a bigger bridge is needed . "  It just simply does n't have the capacity to move more cars over it , " Mortell told CNN . "  It is at capacity . Every day , as many cars that can go over it during the rush hour times go over it . " Supporters say the new bridge will ease traffic congestion , aid hurricane evacuations and create about 3,500 jobs . "  Those of us in favor of the bridge ca n't believe that we became so fortuitous that in a time of a recession when jobs are down that we actually found the money and have the opportunity to build this bridge that we 've been planning now for literally over 20 years and now it 's a reality , " Mortell said . Martin County Commissioner Sarah Heard , one of the few county officials who oppose the bridge , said traffic does back up at the existing bridge . But she said the congestion can be resolved without spending money on a new bridge . "  There are some impediments at either end of the bridge , " Heard said . "  There are stoplights there that are timed so that travelers get stuck at the lights . They do n't get stuck on the bridge . " And Smith said he uses the Palm City Bridge regularly and never has a problem with traffic . "  My house faces that bridge . You can see the cars go over it . I go over at 50 , 55 , all the time , " he said . Another source of contention between Martin County residents is whether the proposed project is "  shovel-ready " -- a major test for stimulus projects , which are aimed at getting people back to work quickly . But Heard said the state has yet to buy all the property it needs for the right-of-way leading to the bridge , and that challenges from the current owners of those parcels could delay construction . "  I 'm flabbergasted , to tell you the truth , because my understanding of the stimulus money was it was supposed to be for shovel-ready projects that could be completed in three years . This is not shovel-ready , " she said . "  We have n't acquired the land necessary for right of way . We do n't have plans for it . " The Florida DOT says it has purchased 33 of the 63 pieces of property it will need to complete the bridge , and it expects to have all of them acquired by February 2011 . But Smith said some people might refuse to sell . "  There 's people there who want to stay . It 's either their dream house and they 're going to retire there or they 're of modest means and they know they can afford it , but if they go someplace else , they ca n't afford it , " he said . One homeowner whose land will be affected by the project , who did not want to be identified , said she had hoped her home "  would be a final investment for me . " "  I think about starting over when I had n't planned on it , " she said . If homeowners refuse to sell , the parcels may go into eminent domain disputes that can take years to resolve . But Mortell said the state can acquire the remaining properties quickly using a fast-track settlement , purchasing the properties at their appraised value and negotiating with the homeowner about a buyout price at a later date . Heard "  probably misinterpreted what shovel-ready means , " Mortell said . He said the bridge has already been designed and all federally required studies have been completed , so work on some parts of the project can begin right away . "  Shovel-ready means that the project can move forward within 120 days , and that was a primary criteria in the stimulus plan , " he said . Florida lawmakers approved the project for stimulus funding in April . Once the check arrives , construction will begin . But Heard said local communities should have had more of a say in the decision . "  I do n't think that 's fair , " Heard said . "  I think we could actually have gotten federal stimulus dollars for projects that we all support and are necessary here . "	Proposed $ 128 million Indian Street Bridge has been debated for 20 years Critics say it 's wasteful because another bridge connects same two communities Suing resident : "  The president should know ... he is getting swindled " Others say spending should n't be used because project is n't shovel-ready
CNN  Whenever someone starts talking about the "  good ol' days " of air travel , remind them about eating at old school airports . Back then , a meal at the airport meant horsing down a candy bar from the gift shop and wrestling with a vending machine for a can of soda . Nowadays , large , medium and even some smaller airports provide legitimately good restaurants , with enough interesting offerings and atmosphere to make that three-hour layover just a little less hellish . There 's still room for culinary upgrades -- as noted below , some airports have n't yet figured out that sitting on planes makes us hungry and irritable -- but the best places to eat in the country 's busiest airports  ranked by passenger traffic , per FAA statistics  generally range from good to great . 20 . Honolulu International  HNL What Hawaii offers in fun and sun , its marquee airport lacks in decent food options . Your best bet : Eat before you hit the road . If you must eat at HNL , opt for a sit-down meal at Stinger Ray 's ; it 's the only place with a restaurant-like feel to it . Hard to go wrong with the nachos or pulled pork sandwich . 5 healthy eating tips for travelers 19 . Seattle-Tacoma International  SEA Anthony 's Restaurant started as a single seafood joint in 1969 . Now the company consists of 22 locations and a private fleet of fishermen . Each location -- yes , even the one in the Central Terminal -- serves seasonal Pacific seafood and shellfish from the Northwest , Alaska and Hawaii . The mountain blackberry cobbler is an addictive Cinnabon alternative . 18 . Fort Lauderdale International  FLL The Food Network finally cooked up the most obvious way to cash in on its success : It opened a restaurant . Fans can stop by Food Network Kitchen in Terminal 3 and choose Florida-inspired dishes from the grab-and-go menu  Caesar salad with key lime dressing  or the made-to-order menu  including a club sandwich with , you guessed it , key lime mayo  . Of course , the TVs play the likes of Guy Fieri and Bobby Flay all day long . 7 of the world 's artsiest hotels 17 . Orlando International  MCO Orlando airport seems to be unaware of the current revival in airport restaurants . Nonchain options are limited . You can try your luck with a latte at ZaZa 's Cuban Coffee or the sliders at Johnny Rivers ' Grill and Market . But you might be just as happy going with what you know at Qdoba , Burger King or Outback . 16 . Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County  DTW The venerable kid staple gets a makeover at PB&J near Gate A1 . The menu offers preset gourmet peanut butter and jelly combos , as well as an option to customize your own . "  The Exceptional is the most popular sandwich , " says Fares Saah , one of the airport 's food court managers . It comes loaded with peanut butter , honey and bacon on cinnamon swirl bread . "  People are always surprised by the combination , but there have been no complaints . " 15 . Minneapolis-St . Paul International  MSP At upscale noodle and sushi shop Shoyu , you use an anchored-down iPad to order your meal . Once you 've picked your food , you can continue to play with the iPad or you can watch the chefs make Japanese noodles in the open kitchen . Pork belly pot stickers , Thai lettuce wraps , sushi and noodle bowls are all on the menu . 14 . Newark Liberty International  EWR You 're in New Jersey , but you can eat like you 're in New York . OK , the Grand Central Oyster Bar in Terminal C may lack the atmosphere of its New York City sister , but , hey , you 're in an airport . The food , especially the crab cakes and fried calamari , is still equally good . 13 . San Francisco International  SFO There 's real , upscale comfort food at Cat Cora 's Kitchen near Gate 55 . The Iron Chef uses organic and fresh ingredients with a health-conscious mindset . Highlights include the steak tacos , lobster mac and cheese or baked jalapeño poppers stuffed with creamy feta cheese and breaded with panko crumbs . The cocktails are stiff and refreshing , too , like the cucumber martini or the Love and Haight  chili-infused tequila with blood orange juice , lime juice and honey  . 12 . Miami International  MIA You may recognize chef Lorena Garcia from her Taco Bell commercials , but fast food burritos notwithstanding , she really has made some good career moves . Her airport outpost , Lorena Garcia Cocina  Concourse D  , serves Caribbean jerk chicken , shrimp ceviche and baked breakfast empanadas that come out of the kitchen fast , but not suspiciously fast . The restaurant also includes a Bacardi Mojito Bar , where you can order  very  tall drinks before facing the departure lounge . 11 . John F Kennedy International , New York City  JFK Chef Andrew Carmellini 's New York restaurants -- The Dutch and Locanda Verde -- are always packed . Ca n't be bothered ? Stop by Croque Madame in Terminal 2 and grab his food to go . On offer : French-inspired open-faced sandwiches , crepes and made-to-order salads . 10 . Phoenix Sky Harbor International  PHX Ask any Phoenician where to find the best tamale and they 'll point you to El Bravo in Sunnyslope . No time to get there during your trip ? Check in at the airport early and snag one there . The family team makes its famous green chile tamales at its original outpost every morning and drops them off , so you 're getting quality . "  People will try one for lunch and like them so much they 'll buy a dozen frozen ones to take home , " says Monique Othon , whose grandmother created the original recipe . 9 . Philadelphia International  PHL In town , Chickie 's & Pete 's is a go-to spot for watching sports and it 's no different in PHL . It 's not just for Eagles fans , either . With four airport locations , its TVs offer a multitude of sports and teams . "  It 's not uncommon for us to have international soccer league games on for our foreign travelers , " says co-owner Pete Ciarrocchi . If you do n't care about the games , there 's always the crabfries : crinkle-cut fries dusted with salt and spicy crab seasoning , served with a side of cheese sauce . 8 . George Bush Intercontinental , Houston  IAH Urban Crave has the look and feel -- and trendy menu -- of a real restaurant , it 's just smaller , and in an airport . At Gate C33 , one of the restaurant 's most popular orders is the 10-inch all-beef "  haute dog . " We like the Sonoran Dog , which comes wrapped in bacon and topped with mayo , mustard , ketchup , tomatoes , onions , jalapeños and salsa verde . The 10-ounce inside-out burger has bacon and cheddar on the inside of the patty . 7 . McCarran International , Las Vegas  LAS The recently opened Terminal 3 features 14 new gates and seven new restaurants . The best one : The Village Pub , which has locations all over Las Vegas . The family-owned restaurant offers beer-battered fish and chips , fried chicken and handcrafted beers from Vegas . There 's even a convenient beer window so you can grab a pint and play the slots right until fly time . 6 . Charlotte Douglas International Airport  CLT The meaty aromas emanating from Brookwood Farms BBQ waft all the way to the security lines , where they taunt hungry travelers . The restaurant has an onsite smoker and whatever does n't get cooked there gets smoked at Brookwood 's 80,000-square-foot facility nearby . "  We have 200 yards of barbecue pits with a capacity to smoke 100,000 pounds of meat per night , " says Craig Wood , a vice president at the company . Not surprisingly , the pulled pork -- which is blended with tangy Carolina vinegar barbecue sauce -- is the best-seller . 5 . Los Angeles International  LAX Late last year , LAX finally announced plans to add 15 eateries to Tom Bradley International Terminal . Between now and 2014 , hot spots , including Umami Burger , 800 Degrees and Michael Voltaggio 's sandwich shop ink.sack , will open . Until then , your best bet is Pinks , which specializes in hot dogs but also has a pastrami burrito and cheese fries on the menu . 4 . Dallas/Fort Worth International  DFW If you 've got a morning flight , Cereality at gate C6 is like Chipotle , but with cereal instead of burritos . The more obvious Texas choice is barbecue . Family-owned Cousin 's Bar-B-Q  at Terminals B and C  also offers locations outside the airport and has 30 years of experience cooking ribs and sausages . 3 . Denver International  DEN If you 're a Denver transit traveler who likes to knock back a few before hitting the skies , there 's the New Belgium Hub  Gates B80  . The food here is fine , but it 's the beer selection -- from the eponymous local craft brewery -- that keeps tables full . Fat Tire Amber Ale and Ranger IPA are popular . Of course , so is Coors Light . 2 . Chicago O'Hare International  ORD Chef Rick Bayless is known for his Mexican food and has several restaurants in Chicago . The only problem ? Most of them are closed on Sundays and Mondays . But his Tortas Frontera restaurants  in Terminals 1 and 3  are open every day , giving travelers a chance to try his tortas , molletes and fresh-made guacamole . Bayless stands by his food so confidently that he lists food suppliers on his website , accounting for everything from antibiotic-free chicken to the sour cream . 1 . Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International  ATL Passing through the busiest airport in the country ? You could support a local franchise and get a chicken sandwich at Chick-fil-A . But One Flew South in Terminal E is the airport 's first upscale restaurant . On the menu : pecan-dusted scallops , pork belly sliders and a house-cured salmon bruschetta . Once you 're nice and stuffed , you can fall into a food coma in a private 7-by-8 foot room at Minute Suites  $ 32 for the first hour  , located at Concourse B , Gate B15 . Where 's your favorite airport restaurant ? Share your top picks in the comments section below .	Believe it , you can get a good meal at the airport The Food Network Kitchen is open in Fort Lauderdale International Real deal tamales are available at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Lots of new options are coming to LAX in 2014
Oprah.com  -- Even the best-matched couples sometimes find moments when they sense that something 's not quite right -- only they ca n't say what . Here , 16 love-life lurkers to banish forever . The unopened curry in the spice rack The toothbrush is obvious -- you get it out of there as soon as an ex first becomes an ex . But what about the indestructible spider plant you grew from his clippings , or the packet of curry you bought together for that recipe you never ended up trying ? Or that box of ironic-but-not-completely Christmas ornaments he picked up from the Goodwill that you ca n't quite explain your inability to eBay away ? While we all have the right to indulge in moments of wistfulness for the past  which memory so often sugar-coats  , just remember , there 's a reason why you two never ended up making that curry . So to speak . The I-can ` t-believe-he-said-that thing he said So once -- once -- your spouse said , in a moment of madness , "  Yes , yes I suppose your butt is , uh , slightly larger than Gisele 's . But so what ? I like it . " Or else he happened to mention , late at night , after being severely overserved : "  My friends all wanted me to marry her . " You 'd be forgiven for reading into it -- well , if he said it once does that mean it 's just been there in his mind waiting to bubble up to the surface ?! -- but if it 's truly only come up once , consider this a moment of demonic possession , the voice not his own -- and do n't give it power it does n't really deserve . Oprah.Com : How to grab a second chance at happiness The running toilet of eternal despair Every long-term relationship has that mysterious hinge , when the "  How could he ever annoy me ? " of new love turns into the "  What about him is n't annoying ? " of familiarity . So while you may think that some never-done household chore -- the loose banister knob that comes off in your hand every time you go upstairs , the forever-running toilet your guests think is a babbling-brook sound machine -- is the one thing keeping your household from peaceful equilibrium , consider that it might just be the receptacle of all your life frustrations . There 's an easy solution : a handyman . If that 's not possible , resolve to treat your partner with the patience and politeness you would a handyman you wanted to keep in your employ . Ghosts in the Google Internet-search histories are the new journals : You do n't look at someone else 's , and if you do  unless you 've uncovered some illegal nefarious scheme  , you are not allowed to be upset by what you 've found . Relevant search terms : None / of / your / beeswax . Oprah.Com : What 's your conflict style ? The holiday spirit that prevents everyone from getting into the holiday spirit The old argument about where you are going to spend the holidays is a sneaky one . It appears to be a simple matter of logistics , but in truth , this yearly conversation is , like any talks regarding wedding planning , baby naming or date-night movie selection , secretly symbolic . How can he say he wants to skip your family 's traditional Fourth of July picnic because it 's inconveniently scheduled on , you know , Fourth of July ?  Subtext : WHY DOES HE HATE YOUR MOTHER ?  Or conversely , how could you have suggested that you did n't want to referee his family 's annual political debate over Christmas ham ?  Subtext : WHY DO YOU HATE HIS MOTHER ?  Do both of yourselves a favor and try to stop obsessing about why he wo n't just be a sport and eat Aunt Agatha 's marshmallow-fluff salad . His feelings about your extended family are not his feelings for you . After all , he has chosen to be with you -- not Aunt Agatha . The talking box in the bedroom If the voice you hear most often in bed is Piers Morgan 's , it 's time to reconsider the placement of your television . You do n't need ghosts and static for that particular box to fry a couple . The ill-fated "  cowgirl surprise " It was a dark and stormy night . You shared a bottle of wine and an article suggesting wild-sex advice , which you giggled over ... And then decided to try . And -LSB- ominous thunder clap ! -RSB- it did n't work out so well . You wisely never tried it again , though you still recoil at the memory . But nothing can kill a sex life like lingering embarrassment , especially if it puts a damper on any further adventurousness . Can you laugh about it ? No ? Huh . Can you remind yourself that you lived through it , you 're still together and that at least it will never be that bad ever again ? For heaven 's sake , try . Oprah.Com : How to raise the men we 'd want to marry Your younger-you 's disapproving glare "  I 'm never getting married ! " "  I 'll never drive a minivan ! " "  We 'll always go out every night -- and have sex every day ! " -- Selected from The Finest Quotes of Younger You We all want to stay true to ourselves . Of course we do . But it 's okay if the "  yourself " you 're staying true to has changed . When you were 20 , you thought you 'd take a bucket-list trip every year and have enlightening conversations about the meaning of life at every dinner  each one of which would be life-changing-ly delicious and exotic  . If the 40-year-old you is happy , then do n't let 20-year-old hold you hostage . No offense , but 20-year-old you was so ... 20 years ago . Departed soles : The shoes you 'll never wear again Whether your relationship began in the previous millennium or last week , it 's inevitable : Unless you 're vampires  in which case , you probably have a whole other set of issues  , you 're both older now . Things have been lost : Your ability to wear sexy-lady stilettos without whining about your bone spurs ; the bid on the exact-right house that would have been the exact-right backdrop for your exact-right family  not that you 're pregnant yet  ; the I 'll - live-forever confidence that fueled your carefree bike rides together  before a car door knocked the wind out of you , as well as your fearlessness  . It 's okay to look back with gentle longing . But if you 're obsessing over the path not taken , take a moment to ask yourself if this backwards glancing is helpful in any way . Chances are , it 's not . Oprah.Com : 3 ways to deal with people who drive you nuts The cobwebs in your bank account Many of us are haunted by financial secrets . Whether it 's a savings account that exists only in imagination , a monster credit-card debt looming from the past or even secret money fantasies  e.G. , financial security is your main priority , but you have n't worked up the nerve to admit this to your free-spirited aspiring-artist boyfriend  , this is probably the top conversation you 're not having but need to . No one wants to talk about money . But not talking about it does n't make it go away . The pickle fork of love Add this to pickle forks , baby-wipes warmers and upside-down mortgages on the "  List of Things No One Needs " : The thought that he may want to get back together with his ex . They broke up . And now he 's with you . The end . The perfect woman We know , we know , you 're almost perfect . You can imagine the perfect you . She 's a lot like real you , except just a touch perfecter . She effortlessly balances her stellar career and social life , puts her partner and family first and every night finds time to make an interesting and healthful dinner , spotlessly clean her home , talk to her mother , knit a baby hat for a friend , run three miles , read a novel and , of course , get enough sleep so that she can be that same stellar self in the morning . She would be the perfect partner . And so many of us fall into her wily trap , trying to become her and in the process driving ourselves -- and everyone else -- crazy . Here 's the thing about Perfect Woman : She 's boring . She makes everyone feel bad for not being as perfect as she is . And besides , too much self-sacrifice does n't actually make a woman perfect ; in practice , it makes her frantic . Does your partner want to spend eternity with a frantic woman ? More importantly , do you ? Did n't think so . Oprah.Com : How to tell if your relationship is really in trouble Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Throw out that unopened packet of curry you bought with your ex -- it 's not a memento The conversation about where to spend Christmas can resurrect unhappy spirits Nothing kills your sex life like embarassing bedroom memories
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British military investigators interviewed a woman who claimed to have met a man from another planet while she was walking her dog , newly released Ministry of Defence files have revealed . The woman said she had been approached by a man with a "  Scandinavian-type accent " dressed in a flying suit-style outfit while out walking on a sports field near Norwich , eastern England , in 1989 . She claimed to have been "  completely terrified " during the 10-minute encounter . Running home , she said she had then seen a large glowing object rising vertically from behind some nearby trees . The woman called a local military base to report the encounter the following day . A cover note on the file of the incident describes it as "  one of our more unusual UFO reports . " The incident is just one of around 1,200 sightings recorded by investigators between 1987 and 1993 , according to the files released by the National Archives on Sunday . On another occasion , military officials took the unusual step of briefing ministers about an unidentified flying object photographed in the sky over Scotland alongside an RAF fighter jet . Witnesses claimed to have seen the large diamond-shaped object hanging in the air for about 10 minutes before it ascended vertically at high speed . Fearing intense media interest , investigators also commissioned detailed drawings of the object . The files also reveal that the Ministry of Defence abandoned plans to build a computer database of sightings out of fears of a public relations disaster should details of its existence ever be revealed . "  I personally doubt that the the MoD would lose much if we filed UFO reports in ` WPD '  the waste paper basket  , " one unnamed official wrote of the project .	National Archives releases details of recorded UFO sightings from 1987 to 1993 One woman claimed to have met a man from another planet while walking dog Officials briefed ministers about 1990 UFO sighting over Scotland Ministry of Defence abandoned plans for UFO database fearing PR disaster
Alvin Schwartz 's "  Scary Stories to Tell In the Dark " may have been just for kids , but the movie version wo n't be . CBS Films has been working on an adaptation of Schwartz 's notoriously terrifying short story collection , which debuted in 1981 and went on to give generations of kids plenty of sleepless nights . At first , "  Saw " franchise writers Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan were going to pen the script , but according to Deadline , producers are said to have "  switched gears . " Now , it 'll be "  Frankenweenie " and "  Big Fish " writer John August who will deliver the "  Scary Stories " screenplay . With Schwartz 's spin on urban legends and Stephen Gammell 's unnerving illustrations , "  Scary Stories " was "  one of the most controversial  books  throughout our entire childhood , " August recalled on his podcast , Scriptnotes . "  It 's a great anthology of all of the stories you remember being creeped out by as a kid . ... I 'm not supposed to spoil how we 're going to do it  as a movie  , but I think it 's going to be ... very interesting and innovative . " What August could reveal is that this wo n't exactly be kid-friendly . "  While this book is for children , the horror movie that we 're making out of it I think hopefully captures how scary those books were when you were a kid but is not strictly a kids movie , " he explained . "  In fact , you should not take certain younger kids for this movie . I ca n't actually take the art into the house , because if my daughter saw it , we would have nightmares . We 're aiming for a PG-13 -- the same way that I loved ` Poltergeist ' and ` The Ring , ' movies that are n't gory , but man they can freak the bejesus out of you . " Deadline notes that August will be digging into the source material for his script , which as of yet does n't have a director attached . Schwartz 's tales were popular enough to spawn a trilogy -- soon after "  Scary Stories " appeared in 1981 , Schwartz delivered "  More Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark " as well as "  Scary Stories 3 . " All told , the "  Scary Stories " series sold 7 million copies worldwide .	Alvin Schwartz 's "  Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark " is being adapted The young adult short story collection is known for being terrifying Screenwriter John August says the movie wo n't be that kid-friendly
CNN  -- Andy Murray started the 2014 season off slowly , which might have been predicted given he had back surgery last fall . He picked up his game at the French Open only to suffer a bewildering loss to Grigor Dimitrov at Wimbledon as the defending champion . Things almost got worse for Murray on the opening day of the U.S. Open , as he suffered from cramps throughout his body before seeing off Dutchman Robin Haase 6-3 7-6 1-6 7-5 on Monday . Despite Murray being in distress , Haase could n't serve out the fourth set and also squandered a break chance in the final game when he netted a fairly routine forehand volley . For much of the last two sets , Murray struggled with his movement , did n't get pace on his serve and clutched at his body . Haase was "  incapable of taking his opportunity , " Boris Becker , the coach of world No. 1 Novak Djokovic who was analyzing the match for Sky Sports , said . "  Murray was presented to Haase on a silver platter in that fourth set but Robin did n't like it . " Murray , known for his endurance , said he began to cramp after an hour and 45 minutes . That was n't "  normal , " he added . "  And then I did n't really know what to do in that third set , because my quads were cramping and then I started to get it in my lats so when I was throwing the ball up to serve , and then in my forearms , " Murray told Sky . "  I did n't know whether to conserve energy or to try and finish it in three sets , but then I got broken at the beginning of the set . I just tried to hang around . I was trying to play without using my legs much . " Murray -- taken to five sets by Haase in New York in 2011 -- was also left wondering why his body let him down . "  I need to work out why that happened today because it should n't happen after an hour and 45 minutes regardless of the temperature , " he said . "  It was hot but it was n't particularly humid and we did n't play loads of long rallies in the first couple of sets , either . " If it was only down to cramps , Murray could very well make a complete recovery and the 2012 champion caught a break in the draw because his next opponent is Matthias Bachinger , not tricky Czech Radek Stepanek . Bachinger upset Stepanek in straight sets . In the women 's draw , second-seed and French Open finalist Simona Halep survived a scare , too , eventually overcoming inexperienced American Danielle Rose Collins 6-7 6-1 6-2 . There were victories for fourth-seed Agnieszka Radwanska , sixth-seed Angelique Kerber and 19th-seed Venus Williams . Williams , 34 , beat the nearly 44-year-old Kimiko Date-Krumm 2-6 6-3 6-3 .	Andy Murray begins his U.S. Open by toiling past Robin Haase in four sets 2012 champion Murray is hoping to find his form after slumping since July Women 's second-seed Simona Halep rallies to beat a young American Agnieszka Radwanska , Angelique Kerber and Venus Williams also through
Venice , Louisiana  CNN  -- A wind shift could push more oil from BP 's Deepwater Horizon gusher into the Mississippi Delta and areas west of the river , which is "  bad news for Louisiana , " Gov. Bobby Jindal said Monday afternoon . Louisiana has been mostly spared since the oil rig exploded April 20 and sank two days later about 50 miles  80 kilometers  off the southeast coast of Louisiana . The catastrophe is sending 210,000 gallons of crude into the Gulf of Mexico each day . Most of the slick has been centered in an area east of the environmentally sensitive delta . "  We 've said all along that the oil coming west of the river would pose a whole new set of challenges , " Jindal said at a news conference . He detailed efforts to place booms and other restraining devices into four passes near Grand Isle to prevent the oil from reaching land . National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration forecasters had warned over the weekend that the Mississippi Delta and areas to the northeast of it , including Breton Sound , Chandeleur Islands and the mainland behind them , could see oil hit the coast by Tuesday . Further east , scientists were analyzing tar balls found on a beach on Dauphin Island , Alabama , to determine whether they were caused by the oil spill , Coast Guard spokesman Erik Swanson said . The tar balls are "  pieces of emulsified oil " shaped like pancakes , ranging in size from dimes to golf balls , Swanson said , adding they can sometimes occur naturally . Coast Guard Rear Adm. Mary Landry confirmed the presence of tar balls in some areas , but said they were "  easy to clean up . " She said booms were being moved toward Grand Isle in anticipation of oil reaching the area soon . In addition to the use of dispersants on the surface and controlled burns , weather allowing , officials were carrying out a third test of sub-sea dispersants to determine their impact , said Landry . She said officials were trying to do in a few weeks what normally would take a few years . So far , the spill has had little impact on wildlife , said Mark J. Musaus , deputy director of the southeast region for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service . Only a few birds have been taken to a wildlife rehabilitation center at Fort Jackson , Louisiana , he said . Two of them , a gannet and a pelican , were released Monday back into the wild . Another oiled pelican was still in the treatment center , as was a green heron , he said . The stakes are high for residents of coastal Louisiana who make their living from fishing in the Gulf of Mexico . The government has closed parts of the Gulf to fishing . The affected area , which is east of the Mississippi Delta , comprises about 4.5 percent of the Gulf of Mexico , NOAA said . Hundreds of thousands of feet of boom and large volumes of dispersants continued to be deployed in an effort to capture or break up the spilled oil moving toward the Gulf coastline . Thousands of workers and volunteers also have been skimming the water 's surface . A BP executive said Monday the energy company is working "  parallel paths " to fix the oil well . The failure over the weekend of a four-story dome to cap the leak has led BP to move on to other options , including the use of a smaller chamber over the leak and shooting garbage into the gaping hole to try to plug the gusher , said Doug Suttles , BP 's chief operating officer for exploration and production . The company also is considering placing a valve or a new blowout preventer on top of the existing one , which is not functioning as well as it should , Suttles told CNN 's "  American Morning " program . As the name suggests , a blowout preventer is a device that is supposed to clamp shut over a leaking wellhead . David Nagel , executive vice president of BP America , said the blowout preventer may be working better than some people believe , limiting the gusher to 5,000 barrels of oil a day . "  We have a blowout preventer that we think is mostly shut , " Nagel said in an off-camera briefing with reporters Monday in Washington , adding that the situation seems to be stable . He said remote-control inspection machines had not been able to check how the blowout assembly was working but "  something is constraining the leak " from what would have been a flow estimated between 40,000 to 60,000 barrels a day . Suttles said BP is drilling a relief well to try to divert the flow to another pipe . "  What we 're going to do is keep developing options until we get this flow stopped , " Suttles said . "  That started about a week ago , " Suttles said . "  That work continues . The well is at about 9,000 feet . "  About 5,000 feet of that is the water depth . Then the rest is drilling below the seafloor . We 're slightly ahead of plan here . These are complex tasks , but we 're making very good process . " It may take up to three months to reach the target area , Nagel said . And progress will slow the deeper the drill bit goes , he said . "  The rock gets harder , and every time you have to replace a worn-out drill bit , it takes more time to withdraw and stack the drill pipe , " in 90-foot sections on the construction vessel to change the bit , re-assemble the sections and lower the drill pipe back into action , said Nagel . On Friday , BP lowered the massive containment vessel over the well to cap the larger of two leak points . But that plan was thwarted Saturday after ice-like hydrate crystals formed when gas combined with water blocked the top of the dome and made it buoyant . BP has built the smaller dome and it is already available , Suttles said Monday . That device would keep most of the water out at the beginning of the capping process and would allow engineers to pump in methanol to keep the hydrates from forming , Suttles said . Methanol is a simple alcohol that can be used as an antifreeze . Called "  Tophat , " the 5-foot-tall , 4-foot-diameter structure weighs less than two tons . The structure is to be deployed this week by the drill ship Enterprise , to which it is to be connected by two strings of pipe -- one inside the other with a space in between for hot water , he said . The process of stopping the gusher with garbage is called a "  junk shot . " Under that procedure , debris such as shredded tires , golf balls and similar objects would be shot under extremely high pressure into the blowout preventer in an attempt to clog it and stop the leak . That procedure would be done late next week , Suttles said Monday . Federal investigators are still trying to determine what caused the explosion that sunk the Deepwater Horizon , which was owned by BP contractor Transocean Ltd. . BP is legally required to cover economic damages from the spill up to $ 75 million . But Florida Sen. Bill Nelson has introduced legislation that would raise the liability cap to $ 10 billion . "  If this gusher continues for several months , it 's going to cover up the Gulf Coast and it 's going to get down into the loop current and that 's going to take it down the Florida Keys and up the east coast of Florida , and you are talking about massive economic loss to our tourism , our beaches , to our fisheries , very possibly disruption of our military testing and training , " Nelson said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " BP has received 3,400 claims for lost income and damages and 295 of those claims have been paid , at a price of $ 3.5 million , Nagel said . "  It 's a host of things , " he said , "  The immediate loss of income is being handled very quickly . " None of the payouts are for liability , but Nagel stressed "  the interim plans are in no way meant to be final . " Also Monday , organizers announced a "  Gulf Aid " benefit concert for south Louisiana fishermen and wetlands restoration . The concert , to be held Sunday , is slated to feature Lenny Kravitz , Allen Toussaint , Mos Def and the Voice of the Wetlands Allstars featuring Dr. John , Cyril Neville and Tab Benoit . CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .	Louisiana has been mostly spared since oil rig exploded and sank off southeast coast BP hit with 3,400 claims for lost income and damages ; 295 paid , to tune of $ 3.5 million Concert Sunday to benefit south Louisiana fishermen and wetlands restoration
LifeWire  -- At Sara Champion 's previous job as a project engineer for one of the country 's top construction firms , visible tattoos for professional staff were against company policy . Sarah Champion 's former employer told her that she had to conceal her tattoos while at work . She found this ironic -- not to mention frustrating -- given that her position entailed inspecting job sites filled with tattooed construction workers . "  I was out on site all day , and I was n't allowed to show any of my tattoos , " says the 28-year-old Florida native , whose six large tattoos on her arms and back include a brightly colored sunflower , a marigold and a rendition of a Dia de los Muertos bride and groom on her upper left arm . "  Ninety-eight degrees and long sleeves is not so cool when you 're in Miami . " After six years with the construction firm , Champion decided to move north and find an employer that would n't needle her about her body art . She found her "  perfect job " in Danbury , Connecticut , as a project manager at a design and branding agency . Now , "  I have no problem showing up to meet a big client in a T-shirt and jeans , " tattoos in plain view , she says . "  I wish more companies were like this . " iReport.com : Share your tattoo stories The times , they are not a-changing ? According to a 2006 report in the Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology , 24 percent of Americans ages 18 to 50 have at least one tattoo , and 14 percent have at least one body piercing . Researchers questioned 253 women and 247 men via random telephone survey . So , does the fact that body art is as prevalent today as mullets were in the 1980s mean that the tattoo-friendly tide is turning in the workplace ? "  That question is best answered by -LSB- corporate -RSB- culture and by industry , " says Jackie Valent , director of human resources in the Milwaukee office of accounting giant Deloitte . "  If you look at a company like Google , a very entrepreneurial , Silicon Valley organization , tattoos are more acceptable . " "  But if you look at the other end of the spectrum , which is where I happen to -LSB- work -RSB- , " says the 20-year human resources veteran , "  the answer is absolutely not . If you have six piercings and a big tattoo , we 're going to tell you to cover the tattoos and take out the piercings . " For the record , a Google spokesperson said that the company does not have a policy on tattoos . Amy Derick , a dermatologist from Barrington , Illinois and a co-author of the Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology study , is n't surprised that a few companies or industries are still opposed to body art . "  Eight percent of people with tattoos report trouble at work , " from being forced to hide them to being restricted from performing certain tasks , Derick says . For example , a grocery store employee with a tattoo on their hand might be asked to perform tasks less likely to bring them into contact with the public , like stocking shelves instead of working a register . Better safe than cited What 's the solution for body art aficionados who work in one of the more conservative business sectors ? Hide your body art or starve ? Pretty much , says Dave Kimelberg , who photographed 15 professionals with large-scale tattoos they conceal at work for the book "  INKED Inc. " and runs InkedInc.com , a related Web site . "  I think in some ways , it 's a ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' understanding , " says the 37-year-old Boston lawyer , who works as general counsel for a venture capital firm . "  There 's kind of this Superman element to it , like this crazy blue and red skin-tight suit underneath my Clark Kent exterior . " Like many of the secretly inked doctors , lawyers , and architects he 's met over the years , Kimelberg sticks to tattoos he can easily conceal under clothing at work -- in his case , three-quarter "  ink sleeves " that extend from each shoulder to the middle of his forearms but allow him to roll up his shirt sleeves on warm days . And while the ink 's out of the bag now that Kimelberg 's published his book , he still keeps his tats under wraps for fear of them being "  a distraction in the workplace . " The same goes for Kasey Broach , a public relations specialist at a Phoenix law firm . To commemorate turning 25 and getting her MBA this year , she got a small omega symbol tattooed at the base of her neck in ultraviolet ink , which can only be seen with a black light . "  No one knows about it unless I show them , " she says . "  I have to bring the black light out from my high school years . " Where the body art roams But what if you 're not a doctor , lawyer , or accountant , but a creative type determined to find a job where you can bare your body ink ? That 's when it 's time to play detective , says career coach Janet Scarborough Civitelli . "  Visit the employee parking lot to see how they are dressed and whether many of the employees have visible tattoos , " says the psychologist and founder of Bridgeway Career Development , a career counseling firm in Seattle . "  Also ask colleagues and friends if they know anyone who works there who can give you some insider info . " "  The Web is also a gold mine of information , " she says , adding that the Web site ModifiedMind.com , which is dedicated to body art and other modifications , features a database of companies reportedly open to tattoos . Then again , if a no-tattoo policy is your deal breaker , you could take a gamble like Sara Champion did during the interview for her current position : "  I said , ` Are you tattoo friendly ? ' " Fortunately , the answer was yes . LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Michelle Goodman is a freelance writer and author of "  The Anti 9-to-5 Guide : Practical Career Advice for Women Who Think Outside the Cube . "	Report : 24 percent of Americans ages 18 to 50 have at least one tattoo Some companies have policies that require employees to conceal body art Curious about a company 's policy ? Visit the parking lot -- see how they dress
CNN  -- I 'm thinking back to when my girls , now 6 and 7 , were just a few months old . "  Delicious " is the word that most immediately comes to mind . As I spent countless hours -- like any new mom -- looking adoringly at each of my daughters ' chunky cheeks and dreamy eyes , I often wondered , "  What is going through your mind ? " Turns out , maybe a whole lot more than I realized . According to researchers at Yale University 's Infant Cognition Center , also known as "  The Baby Lab , " babies can actually tell good from evil , even as young as 3 months old . That research is the focus of a three-part series this week on "  Anderson Cooper 360 , " which airs weeknights at 8 p.m. ET . To the skeptics who say , "  Come on , how can an infant tell the difference between a good guy and a bad guy ? " -- I can relate . It certainly runs counter to our notion that children are born as blank slates and learn right from wrong entirely from us . But the research paints a different picture . Puppets are used to demonstrate good and bad behavior . In one case , a puppet is struggling to open a box . Another puppet , the "  good " puppet , helps it open the box , while another , the "  bad " puppet , slams the box shut . More than 80 % of the times that experiment is conducted , babies will select the "  good " puppet when presented with both puppets and given the chance to choose either one . "  Humans are born with a hard-wired morality , a sense of good and evil is bred in the bone , " wrote Paul Bloom , Yale 's Brooks and Suzanne Ragen professor of psychology , in an opinion piece for CNN.com . Bloom , author of the new book "  Just Babies : The Origins of Good and Evil , " collaborated on the research with his wife , Karen Wynn , a professor of psychology at Yale University . "  We are naturally moral beings , but our environment can enhance -- or sadly , degrade -- this innate moral sense , " Bloom said . So now I 'm wondering if , during those months when I thought my babies had zero clue about the world around them , I did anything I should not have done . Lyz Lenz , a contributor to the parenting site Babble and mom of a nearly 3-year-old daughter and 7-month-old son , wonders the same thing . "  When I was pregnant with my daughter , I read a history of our cultural perceptions of the devil and watched a lot of ` Dexter , ' " said Lenz of Cedar Rapids , Iowa , referring to the Showtime show about a serial killer . PHOTOS : CNN : When they were babies "  Then , during my maternity leave , I watched all of ` Damages , ' a show where Glenn Close plays an evil lawyer . So , what I 'm saying is , if my daughter makes it to her 5th birthday without murdering someone , it wo n't be for lack of trying , " joked Lenz , who also blogs for the site Baby Zone . Many women I chatted with over e-mail or on Facebook were n't really surprised to learn there 's much more going on in the brains of our littlest ones . Jessica McFadden , founder of the blog A Parent in America and mother of three , remembers when her daughter Alice was 4 months old . "  She would babble animatedly and -- I swear -- as if she were ` ticked off ' at the large family photo hanging in our home , " said McFadden of Silver Spring , Maryland . The photo was taken before her daughter was born and included everyone in the family -- except her . "  She truly seemed put out that she was not in the picture , and this was before she was even eating solids ! When the photo was replaced with a new one including her , she squealed , smiled , waved her hands and would happily look at it each time she passed it , " she said . OPINION : Do babies know right from wrong ? Beth Engelman , a single mom of an 8-year-old in Chicago , recounts what happened when her soon to be "  ex-mother-in-law " came to visit when her son was just a few weeks old . "  As soon as she picked him up , he cried and cried and cried . When she handed him over to me , he was fine , giddy , happy , " said Engelman , co-founder of the blog Mommy on a Shoestring . "  My siblings would say Jackson was an excellent judge of character , even at two weeks ! " The research does show , according to Bloom , that children just a few months old can judge a person 's character -- siding with the "  good " puppet and not with the "  bad " puppet . But Bloom said the research also shows something else , which gives this parent pause . Babies , Bloom said , are born with an inherent bias , and start off as "  little bigots , eagerly dividing the world into ` us versus them ' and strongly favoring their own group over everyone else . " "  They prefer puppets who have the same tastes as them and they actually want the puppets with the different tastes -- they like other puppets who punish them , " Bloom said during a Google + hangout . "  So early on , one of the most tragic aspects of humanity is how we split the world into ` us versus them ' and we find this from the earliest age we can test . " Knowing this not only gives us more respect for what 's going on in our children 's minds , but also helps us as parents deal with certain moral issues , such as racism , Bloom said . WATCH : Baby brains : What are they really thinking ? While it is important to teach children that humans naturally separate ourselves into groups such as families and friends -- and place more value on these people in our lives -- it is also important to clarify that it 's not acceptable to value people according to group traits like skin color , said Bloom , who is the father of two teens . "  So if you realize kids come in a world with their own beliefs and judgments and propensities and expectations , it gives you more respect for them , and it also helps you parent them , helps you know how to make them into more moral people . " On that point , I loved what Lenz , the Babble contributor , said : "  Children know the world is deep and dark and bright and beautiful . We do n't have to teach them that . Instead , we have to equip them to slay the monsters and hold fast to what is true and good . " What do you think babies really know ? Chime in below in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter and CNN Living on Facebook , or share your photos and stories on CNN iReport !	Babies as young as 3 months old can tell right from wrong , researchers say The baby research was conducted at Yale University 's Infant Cognition Center Researcher : Babies born as "  little bigots , eagerly dividing the world into ` us versus them ' " The research can influence how parents teach their kids to be "  more moral "
CNN  -- African-American poet Maya Angelou once wrote : "  Africa is a historical truth ... no man can know where he 's going unless he knows exactly where he 's been and exactly how he arrived at his present place . " This search for " historical truth " has led thousands of visitors to Cape Coast , in Ghana , a picturesque seaside town with stunning blue sea , serene beaches and pastel-colored fishing boats . Instead of idyllic days under the sun , they are looking for a glimpse into their dark ancestral past -- the harrowing experience of their African forebears who were sold as slaves . Roots tourism has brought more and more people of African descent , like Monique Ross and Jacques Wallace , to the sleepy fishing port . Ross , Wallace and their tour group from New York walk the grounds of Cape Coast Castle , a seaside fortress that served as slave dungeons , to see what their ancestors went through before they were shipped across the Atlantic . "  I 'm slightly numb actually , " said Wallace . "  I was n't actually ready for the stories about this place as far as the way people were treated , and the thing about the tunnel and everyone bound and being led down the tunnel is a little bit tragic , a little bit too much to take in all at once . " His fellow traveler agreed . "  It is a little devastating at first , " said Ross . "  It 's good to know the history of what has happened and how to connect your historical past with things that have happened . " Read more : Ghana finds its voice through independence U.S. President Barack Obama his family made a stop at Cape Coast Castle when he visited Ghana in July 2009 . It was an emotional pilgrimage for them , especially because First Lady Michelle Obama and her mother are descendants of slaves from South Carolina . Crumbling colonial buildings are a reminder that Cape Coast was once European colonial capital that changed hands between the Portuguese , the Dutch , the Swedish , the Danish and the British through centuries . The largest slave trade outpost It flourished as the largest slave-trading outpost in West Africa when the opening of European plantations in the Americas in the 1500s drove the demand for slaves , eclipsing the gold trade . For more than three centuries , millions of captured Africans -- men , women and children -- arrived from different parts of the continent and were herded like cattle onto ships destined to the United States , South America and the Caribbean . Kwesi Essel Blankson , a senior educator at Cape Coast Castle who gave Obama and his family a guided tour , describes the inhumane conditions the slaves had to endure in the fortress . They were crammed into a small space , living on little food , water and air , even defecating side by side , often for months . Female captives were subjected to rape and sexual abuse by guards and officials . Those who survived the harrowing conditions had to go through the so-called "  Door of No Return " -- an arched gateway with a pair of thick doors that would shut behind the captured men , women and children before they were forced onto the slave ships . "  For many , this door represents ... a journey from the known to the unknown , " says Blankson . "  And therefore right from here , their resistance was much anticipated . " While many travelers use Cape Coast as a base to explore Ghana 's other tourist spots , like Kakum National Park , the city hopes roots tourism , with the castle as a focus , could bring in more visitors to spend longer time there . And perhaps the dark chapter of history tells not only a story of misery but also that of survival . Asked how Obama reacted during the visit , Blankson says the president was "  surprised , shocked and sad -- and also motivated ... because if blacks survived through this , then it is a survival of human beings . It shows that we have a high survival instinct . " See also : Ghana : Keeping one of Africa 's stars of democracy shining See also : Bamboo bikes turn around fortunes for working women in Ghana Yenni Kwok contributed to this report . CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Roots tourism has brought African-Americans and others of African descent to Cape Coast , in Ghana They visit Cape Coast Castle , which served as slave dungeons , to see what their ancestors went through U.S. President Barack Obama and his family made a stop at Cape Coast Castle in July 2009
CNN  -- Location , location , location : It matters greatly to the success of democracy . Last week , for the second time in a decade , a popular uprising in Ukraine chased away a corrupt , authoritarian leader .  The same leader both times , as it happens .  The Orange Revolution of 2005 ended badly -- and the same adverse conditions overshadow Ukraine 's hopes today . Yet in Ukraine , neighbors Poland and Germany have supported and defended that nation 's dissidents and democrats . But Ukraine is not the only authoritarian regime facing protests . And it 's not the only nation where democratic neighbors could make a positive difference . Unfortunately , in the other case -- Venezuela -- too many of those neighbors are silent . Except only for brief punctuations by rebellions and invasions , Russia ruled Ukraine as a province from the late 17th century until 1991 . Vladimir Putin seems to regard the state of affairs since 1991 as merely another of those punctuations . Under Putin , Russia has subverted Ukrainian institutions and manipulated the Ukrainian economy . The goal has been to subordinate Ukraine as a dependent , compliant and nondemocratic subject state . Putin succeeded in that goal after 2005 . He 'll surely try again after 2014 . Whether he succeeds again or is thwarted will depend greatly on the efforts of Poland and Germany above all . Those neighbors exemplify the transition to democracy and a normally functioning economy . The Polish foreign minister was in Kiev during the crucial hours before the flight of President Viktor Yanukovych . Germany has offered aid to cover Ukraine 's energy debt to Russia and has warned Russia against any tampering with Ukraine 's territorial integrity . In Venezuela , at least eight people are dead and dozens wounded in protests . Many of the casualties have been inflicted by semicriminal motorcycle gangs known as colectivos , loyal to the Bolivarian regime , so-called because Hugo Chavez helped change the official name of the country to Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela . The Internet has been turned off in cities sympathetic to the opposition , both to stop information arriving -- and , maybe even more , to prevent photos and videos of regime brutality from exiting . Colombia 's cable news network has been dropped from Venezuelan cable systems . CNN has been threatened with the same fate unless it alters its coverage more to the authorities ' liking . CNN has not complied , and thus far the Venezuelan government has not executed its threat . Cuba has sent troops to reinforce the government . In this dangerous situation , the presidents of Chile and Colombia have urged the Venezuelan government to permit peaceful protest and eschew violence . These statements carry impressive moral weight . Chile is South America 's outstanding democratic paragon . Since the end of the dictatorship in 1989 , power has alternated from democratic right to democratic left and back again . Outstanding economic management has led Chile to the highest per-capita income in South America , catching up to Estonia and Lithuania , and ahead of Poland . Colombia has made impressive progress subduing a decades-long insurgency and inviting former rebels to join the political progress under the new and more liberal constitution of 1990 . It has suppressed drug trafficking : Aerial surveys indicate Colombia 's coca acreage has been reduced by three-fourths since 2000 . President Barack Obama has hailed Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos as "  bold and brave " in his work for peace and security inside Colombia -- a task made more complex and difficult by the late Hugo Chavez 's military and financial support for the drug-trafficking remnants of the Colombian insurgency . Because the presidents of Chile and Colombia are identified with the political right , however , their condemnation is easier for the Venezuelan government to shrug off than would be condemnations from democratic presidents associated with Latin America 's democratic left . Brazil 's Dilma Rousseff could play an especially important part here . Herself once a left-wing guerrilla against Brazil 's former military regime , Rousseff embraced democratic politics in the 1970s and 1980s and was chief of staff to President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , a former trade unionist and Brazil 's first president of working-class origins . Lula da Silva was everything that Chavez pretended to be , a leader who promoted social welfare policies while also respecting basic freedoms and civil rights . Unlike Chavez , who started his political career with a failed coup , Lula da Silva always followed constitutional rules . Again , unlike Chavez who repeatedly rewrote Venezuela 's laws to extend his hold on power , he left by the constitutional timetable . As Lula da Silva 's successor , Rousseff inherits much of his prestige . Yet that moral voice keeps silent as Venezuela 's goon government exerts ever more censorship , corruption and violence to extend its grip on power . The authoritarian governments of Latin America -- not only Venezuela but also Cuba , Ecuador , and Nicaragua -- form almost a trade union of shared ugly interests . Where is the unity of the continent 's democracies ? For very understandable historical reasons , Latin American governments worry about overbearing American action . Yet many wo n't act , even when their most important interests and most cherished values come under violent attack . The leaders of Germany and Poland have learned from history that embattled democrats , when left alone , may die alone . The lessons apply as well in the Western Hemisphere as in the East -- the lessons and the responsibility . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Ukraine and Venezuela experience deadly uprisings against authoritarian regimes David Frum : Ukraine 's neighbors support the activists , but many of Venezuela 's do n't Chile and Colombia condemn regime , he says , but they 're right wing and thus suspect Frum : Brazil could play a big role in supporting democratic change in Venezuela
Days ahead of a deadline to strike a deal , Iran 's foreign minister engaged Friday in what Britain 's top diplomat deemed "  complex " but "  useful discussions " on Tehran 's controversial nuclear program that -- despite positive vibes on both sides -- have yet to produce a breakthrough . "  There are still significant gaps , " British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said from Vienna . " ... We are going away for technical discussions . " One person who was n't going away -- or at least leaving Vienna -- was Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif . Zarif met for a second time in recent days with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and the European Union 's foreign policy chief , Catherine Ashton . His next meetings were with Hammond and French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius . The Iranian minister once planned to return to Tehran on Friday night to consult with leaders there . But a member of his delegation said that , for the moment , the Iranian minister had no plans to leave Austria . There 's a lot at stake ahead of a November 24 deadline for the U.S. and five other world powers to reach an agreement with Iran over the Middle Eastern nation 's nuclear program . Iran and the group known as the P5 +1 -- consisting of Germany , the United States , Russia , China , France and Britain , the latter five being permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- agreed last February on a framework for comprehensive negotiations over Tehran 's nuclear program . P5 +1 and Iran agree on nuclear negotiation framework In July , they agreed to a four-month extension of those negotiations -- another positive step , but still anything but a long-term agreement to put the issue to rest . A deal could mean an end to significant sanctions against Tehran and an opening up of the country to the West , a transition that would have begun with the June 2013 election of Hassan Rouhani as Iran 's president . The lack of a deal could further inflame tensions and could lead to more punitive measures -- perhaps more sanctions or even military strikes or a confrontation of some sort . Iran has insisted that like other countries , it has a right to develop nuclear power . Western powers have accused Iran of not being forthright enough and trying to develop not just nuclear power , but nuclear weapons as well . To this point , the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , who is not part of Vienna talks , said Thursday that Iranian authorities are continuing to deny his agency access to a sensitive military complex suspected of being a site of nuclear activities . "  Iran has not provided any explanations that enable the Agency to clarify the outstanding practical measures , nor has it proposed any new practical measures in the next step of the Framework for Cooperation , despite several requests from the Agency , " Yukiya Amano said from Austria . Kerry , America 's top diplomat , talked by phone with Sergey Lavrov , his Russian counterpart , about the Iran negotiations , Russia 's Foreign Ministry said . He had been scheduled to leave Vienna on Friday night but delayed his exit until at least Saturday "  in order to continue consultations " with Zarif , Ashton and others , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . The same day , U.S. President Barack Obama made an announcement that seems to signal that , at the least , Washington has n't given up hope on a deal by announcing a "  pause  to  efforts to further further reduce Iran 's crude oil sales during the " ongoing talks . "  In return for this and other limited relief measures , Iran has taken steps that have halted -- and in key respects rolled back -- progress on its nuclear program , " the White House said in a statement . "  The International Atomic Energy Agency has verified that Iran is meeting these commitments . " As to the talks , Hammond in a statement described them as "  positive discussions " conducted in "  a very cordial atmosphere . " "  It is clear that both sides want to try to get a deal done but none of us want a bad deal , and we are very clear that we have to get more flexibility from the Iranians , " he said . "  In return , we are prepared to show some flexibility on our side . But time is short . " Ali Larijani , the head of Iran 's parliament , sounded an optimistic note in remarks reported by IRNA . He said that when you look at the talks as a whole , there are grounds for a deal . "  As far as I 'm informed , the two sides have had serious talks , " he said .	U.S. wo n't push to reduce Iran 's oil sales ; thinks Iran has halted nuclear progress Iran 's foreign minister meets with top diplomats from the U.S. , EU , Britain Britain 's foreign secretary : All sides want an agreement , no one wants "  a bad deal " Monday is the deadline for an agreement on Iran 's nuclear program
CNN  It started with neighbors and local officials digging with their hands through the rubble . As soon as a deadly earthquake stopped rattling a swath of Nepal , before the scope of the damage was calculated , the digging began . The magnitude-7 .8 earthquake has killed more than 1,800 people , and the death toll is expected to rise . One witness , Joe McEnness , captured a photo of police officers in Kathmandu , the Nepalese capital , trying to dig survivors out of a collapsed building . The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies said its volunteers and staff were aiding rescue efforts and providing first aid to the injured . The Red Cross opened a blood bank in Kathmandu . Reports from Nepal indicated that hospitals were overflowing with patients and suffering from shortages . One doctor in the outskirts of Kathmandu put out a plea for engineers to come to his hospital to help back up the electricity supply . "  Victims will be dying if we do n't have it , " Dr. Subhash Acharya tweeted . At another hospital , CNN 's Manesh Shrestha saw people being turned away as doctors focused on the most dire needs , he said . He saw people lying outside with broken bones and head injuries . With communication limited , many turned to social media to ask for help locating their loved ones . Google India launched a person finder website to work as a clearinghouse for information on those who are missing and those who have been found . As of Saturday night in Nepal , Google was tracking some 1,400 records . Facebook activated Safety Check , which alerts users of any friends who are in the disaster zone . Those in the affected area can use Facebook to alert their family and friends that they are OK . The U.S. government is providing $ 1 million in immediate assistance , the U.S. Embassy in Nepal said . American disaster response teams are also on their way to the country , the Embassy said via Twitter . Nepal 's neighbor India deployed teams to Kathmandu almost immediately . Within hours of the quake , India had sent almost 300 personnel , along with search dogs and supplies . The equipment arrived in Nepal via a series of cargo and airlift planes , including a C-130 Super Hercules , one IL-76 , and two C-17 Globemasters , according to India 's Ministry of Defense . Two additional helicopters were deployed from India but turned back because of bad weather , the ministry said . India said Sunday that it would dispatch 10 more aid flights to Nepal , along with 10 helicopters to assist in search-and-rescue efforts . Disaster management and medical personnel as well as mobile hospitals , food , water , blankets and medicine will be on the aid flights , Ministry of Defense spokesman Sitanshu Kar said . Pakistan announced it is sending a medical team , a 30-bed hospital and search-and-rescue experts . The Pakistani search team is specialized for rescues in natural disasters , officials said , and comes equipped with ground-penetrating radar and concrete cutters . Pakistan is sending meals , water , medicine and other supplies . China , meanwhile , announced that it will send 40 rescuers and six search dogs . Israel 's military was preparing to send a team to assess the damage from the quake ahead of a humanitarian mission , the Israel Defense Forces said . Hikers around Mount Everest run for lives , treat injured CNN 's Kunal Sehgal contributed to this report .	More than 1,800 deaths reported after Nepal earthquake Rescue efforts range from digging by hand to military deployments
London  CNN  -- You watched the royal wedding . You admired Catherine 's dress . Now , you have a chance to get close to it . The Duchess of Cambridge 's widely acclaimed ivory and white satin-gazar dress , designed by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen , goes on display at Buckingham Palace next month , according to the Royal Collection press office . Tourists will be able to view the dress , as well as the royal wedding cake , during the annual Summer Opening , which runs from July 23 through October 3 . The 1977 Rolls-Royce Phantom VI in which the Duchess of Cambridge traveled to Westminster Abbey , and the 1902 State Landau carriage used by The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to travel along the processional route to Buckingham Palace , are already on public display at the palace , the Royal Collection says . Prince William and Duchess Catherine will set up their own temporary London home this summer as well , just a few miles away , at Kensington Palace , according to Clarence House , the office of Prince Charles and his family . William and Catherine will move to Kensington at some point in June or July , royal sources tell CNN . The sources wo n't say which home on the palace grounds the couple is moving into , but it is not William 's childhood home there . The couple is considering alternatives for a more permanent home for when they visit London , Clarence House said . The couple will retain their main home on the Welsh island of Anglesey , and their offices at St. James Palace , Clarence House said . CNN 's Max Foster and Richard Greene contributed to this report	Catherine 's wedding dress does on display at Buckingham Palace next month Car , carriage used by the royal couple also will be on display at the palace William and Catherine will set up temporary home at Kensington Palace
Washington  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton said Thursday that obtaining economic equality for women should become a "  political movement " that is the "  lifeblood of this election and any election . " Flanked by other high-profile female lawmakers and a former aide , Clinton ramped up her usual message on gender equality by making a call to action . "  Political candidates and office-holders do pay attention when people vote on issues that are of concern to them , " Clinton said during a roundtable at the Center for American Progress , a liberal think tank . "  And that sound so simplistic , but ... when we can turn an issue into a political movement that demands people be responsive , during the election season , it carries over . " Clinton added : "  We have to make these issues part of every political debate . " Economic equality is a topic that Clinton talks about on a regular basis , but rarely in such political terms . As Democrats prepare for the midterm elections -- where control of the U.S. Senate is on the line -- the former secretary of state and presumed frontrunner for the presidential nomination in 2016 has put women 's issues at the forefront to her message . Clinton to decide on 2016 presidential run around end of year Clinton used a similar tone early this week in Iowa , where she said women should make their own health care decisions and that raising the minimum wage should be a women 's issue because the majority of women hold those jobs . "  We need people to feel like they are part of a movement , that it is not just about an election , " Clinton said at the Center for American Progress roundtable . "  It is about a movement , a movement to really empower themselves , their families and take the future over in a way that is going to give us back the country that we care so much about . " Also at the roundtable were House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , Sens. Patty Murray and Kirsten Gillibrand , Rep. Rosa DeLauro , and Neera Tanden , a former Clinton aide who now is president of the think tank . Clinton 's calls for a movement on women 's empowerment were echoed by the women on the panel . "  We need a call to action to ask 6 million more women to be voting , 6 million more women to he heard , " Gillibrand said , adding that women need "  to speak up , need to demand action . " DeLauro was even more forceful : "  My view is damn the torpedoes , full steam ahead , it is on . " Hillary Clinton returns to Iowa ; so is this a fresh start or deja vu ?	Hillary Clinton stepped up her rhetoric on economic equality on Thursday Clinton : "  We have to make these issues part of every political debate " The message comes as Democrats prepare to campaign nationwide for midterms Rep. Rosa DeLauro : "  My view is damn the torpedoes , full steam ahead , it is on "
London  CNN  -- Spain faces a test of unity over the coming months as regional elections in Catalonia and Galicia threaten to destabilize the debt-ridden nation . With unemployment at a record 25 % , borrowing costs spiraling and debt repayments looming , Spain is emerging as the possible next candidate to tap its eurozone peers for financial help . But Spain stands apart from other nations forced to seek aid . As the eurozone 's fourth largest economy -- making up around 11 % of the currency bloc 's gross domestic product -- its financial problems are now being exacerbated by defiance from some of its 17 disparate regions . Catalonia , a semi-autonomous region in the Northeast , represents one fifth of Spain 's economy and the protestors are now actively calling for a split from central government . Such agitations -- coming as they are in the midst of the country 's debt crisis -- threaten to undermine Rajoy 's attempts to pull Spain from its financial mire . Nicholas Spiro , managing director of Spiro Sovereign Strategy told CNN that the sub sovereign debt problems are a "  hot button issue . " For Rajoy , the push back "  accentuates -LSB- the problems -RSB- , making it more likely Spain will be forced to call on the European Stability Mechanism -LSB- Europe 's permanent bailout fund -RSB- , " Spiro said . But Antonio Barroso , a Europe analyst at Eurasia Group , told CNN that despite the protests the likelihood of a Catalan separation is "  extremely low . " According to Barroso , the ruling political party in Catalonia , Convergence and Union  CiU  led by Catalan President Artur Mas , has used the eurozone debt crisis and regional elections set for November 25 to openly call for sovereignty . Barroso said : "  It is true that public support for independence has been on the rise . But the Catalan government is implementing very tough financial adjustments and therefore the -LSB- Catalan -RSB- President , Artur Mas , is capitalizing on nationalist sentiments to shift the burden of responsibility onto the central government . " Last week Mas met with the Rajoy in Madrid to try and negotiate a new fiscal arrangement , whereby Catalonia would manage its own taxes and transfer less money to other regions in Spain . But talks stalled . Even as Catalonia -- with its own language and culture -- strives for autonomy , in August , the CiU requested a 5 billion euro  $ 6.3 billion  bailout from the Spanish government . The request came after Rajoy announced plans for a credit line to be extended to Spain 's 17 regions . But , according to Barroso , Catalonia is not Rajoy 's main concern . Instead Spain 's leader is focusing on regional elections in Galicia in October -- a region in North-western Spain -- where his party is likely to win and where the policies could create a model for the rest of Spain . Barroso said : "  The key area for Rajoy is Galicia because his party has an absolute majority . He wants to use Galicia as an example of how his policies are working because it is one of the healthiest region in fiscal terms . " Spain has already requested up to a 100 billion euro  $ 128 billion  aid package for its ailing banks , which are still struggling to grapple with the property collapse in 2008 . Pressure from European partners and investor fear over further credit downgrades for Spain could undo the calming effect of European Central Bank President Mario Draghi 's announcement on September 6 . Draghi said the bank would be willing to purchase sovereign bonds of fiscally-frail countries such as Spain and Italy , if these indebted nations request a bailout . But Barroso noted it was difficult to place a time frame on Spain seeking any external aid . He added : "  For Rajoy , he has said ` only if market pressure increases ' and you see how yields are going up again . I think market pressure is the ultimate factor that would cause Rajoy to apply . "	Catalonia has requested a 5 billion euro  $ 6.3 billion  bailout from the Spanish government Galicia and Catalonia will hold regional elections in October and November respectively Investors are wary that Spain could soon need financial support from European bailout funds
CNN  -- Back in the pool for the first time since 2012 , Michael Phelps was close to his peerless best . The most decorated Olympian of all time raced to a second-place finish in the 100m butterfly final in front of a sell-out crowd at the Skyline Aquatic Center , Arizona . Phelps came up two-tenths of a second short of an instant return to winning ways with a time of 51.93 seconds -- coming in just behind his longtime rival and friend Ryan Lochte . Phelps time ranks as the fourth fastest this year , and -- although two seconds slower than his own 49.82 world record -- the 28-year-old was satisfied . "  I said I wanted to be around 52.0 and I would be completely happy with that , " Phelps told ESPN , before reiterating that has future was still undecided . "  It 's one meet ; it 's one race . It 's a long way whether I decide to continue or not . " A 628-day wait The 1,200 people in attendance might have been a few less than the 17,000 he entertained at his last race -- the gold medal-winning 4x100 medley relay at the London Olympics -- but the 18-time Olympic gold medalist told reporters he had n't felt so nervous about a race since he was a 10-year-old . Phelps retired after winning an unprecedented 22nd Olympic medal on 4 August 2012 and embarked on a year of travel and golfing with little mention of a return to swimming . But Phelps sparked speculation about a potential comeback by re-entering the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency 's testing program last November -- which began a nine-month wait required before a swimmer can again compete . Taking to the pool in competition for the first time in 628 days , he had cruised through his qualifying heat with the fastest time of 52.84 seconds , just ahead of Lochte who went on to win the final in the second fastest time in the world this year . "  I probably would n't have gone that time if Phelps was n't in that pool with me . We push each other all the time , " said Lochte . "  Down there at the turn I kind of peeked over and I saw him and almost started smiling , " Lochte said , at which point , Phelps interjected : "  Why ? Because you were ahead ? " The future Phelps is still non-committal on his swimming future , and declared himself happy to have shed his post-retirement weight gain , and post a strong time . "  This was awesome . I 'm really excited about how things went . I do know what I need to do if I want to continue and swim faster . " He will also race in today 's 50m freestyle in Arizona but , beyond that , he has not yet committed to the U.S. national championships in August or next year 's world championships in Kazan , Russia . Inevitably the question of a return to Olympic action arose -- with a potential fifth games in Brazil now just over two years away . But Phelps says he is taking "  one step at a time . " For now , the screaming crowd and Lochte 's delighted welcome mark a tentative beginning to the legend 's comeback . "  With what he 's done for the sport of swimming and him leaving kind of broke my heart a little because I love getting on those blocks and racing him , " said Lochte . "  Now that he 's back I 've got a big ol' smile on my face . " And for Phelps , too , the enjoyment is just starting : "  You 're going to hear this word come out of my mouth a lot , " he told reporters , "  but I was having fun . "	Michael Phelps finishes second in his first race since 2012 The 18-time Olympic gold medalist finished just behind Ryan Lochte Phelps posted fourth fastest time this year in first final The future ? "  One step at a time , " he says
CNN  -- The Department of Veterans Affairs said Wednesday it will apologize to veterans who were mistakenly told they 'd been diagnosed with a fatal neurological condition . Brent Casey said went into a "  meltdown " when he got a letter from the VA saying , erroneously , that he had ALS . Letters were sent August 13 to 1,864 veterans and survivors , the VA said in a written statement . They were supposed to be sent to veterans with ALS -- also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease -- to keep them apprised of expanding benefits eligibility . "  According to the records of the Department of Veterans Affairs  VA  , you have a diagnosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  ALS  , " said the letter , according to the National Gulf War Resource Center . "  This letter tells you about VA disability compensation benefits that may be available to you . " But some who received the letters , like Brent Casey , do not have ALS . Casey , a disabled Army veteran from the first Gulf War , told CNN that when he received the letter , he was "  just completely beside myself . Just floored . Went into a complete and total meltdown . I could n't speak , could n't -- I guess I was , truthfully , speechless . " The VA said issued a statement saying it made "  a coding error , and a number of veterans who should not have received this letter did . " An estimated one-third of the letters -- more than 600 -- were sent erroneously , a department official familiar with the program told CNN . After hearing from veterans who received the letter but do not have ALS , the VA immediately began reviewing individual claims files for all the recipients to determine who received the letter by mistake , agency spokeswoman Katie Roberts said in the statement . "  VA employees are personally contacting these individuals to ensure they understand the letter should not be confused with a medical diagnosis of ALS , explain why they mistakenly received the letter and express VA 's sincere apologies for the distress caused by this unfortunate and regrettable error . " "  It 's not right for it to happen this way , " Casey said . "  Regardless if it was the case that I was diagnosed with ALS , that would be the worst possible way for an organization to let an individual know . " Upon receiving the letter , some veterans sought a second opinion outside the VA , according to veterans ' service organizations , paying for doctors ' consultations out of their own pockets . The VA said it will reimburse those veterans for the costs . In addition , the VA said it is reviewing its notification process to make sure a similar error does n't happen again . The AmVets service organization is "  encouraged " by the VA 's response to the situation , and pleased to see they caught the error , said spokesman Ryan Gallucci . CNN Radio 's John Lorinc contributed to this report .	NEW : VA says some 600 people got letters in error due to a "  coding error " Letters sent last week informed 1,864 veterans and survivors of ALS diagnosis VA : "  Employees are personally contacting " those who do n't have disease Agency is reviewing notification process to ensure no such error is repeated
CNN  -- It does n't matter if your invitation to Kimye 's wedding got lost in the mail : Instagram has got you . The social media site has turned into the unofficial wedding album of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West . The happy couple tied the knot this past weekend in Florence , Italy , and fans got to feel like they were right there for the action , thanks to the photos . The pair even released some of the first images of their ceremony on Instagram and Twitter . There was Kardashian , dressed in her custom white Givenchy gown with lace , kissing her new husband  also in Givenchy  . There is also a shot of the newlyweds walking down the aisle after the ceremony . But the real fun apparently happened at the reception , where a wedding booth captured various images , including the now-Mr . and Mrs. West sporting matching leather jackets with the words "  Just " on his and "  Married " on hers . Kardashian posed with the man who made her wedding gown , Givenchy creative designer Riccardo Tisci , and Tisci in turn posted a picture of the back of Kardashian 's dress showing its detail . He also posted a shot of her massive veil . Guests like LaLa Anthony , wife of professional basketball player Carmelo Anthony , got in on the action , posing with the new couple . But the image from the reception that has caused the most head-scratching has been the photo of Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith 's 15-year-old son , Jaden , dressed in a white Batman outfit . Adding to the curiosity factor : Smith is photographed with Joe Francis of "  Girls Gone Wild " fame and Kourtney Kardashian . "  Wild , " indeed .	The newlyweds have plenty of wedding pics on Instagram They release a photo of themselves kissing after the ceremony Jaden Smith appears at the reception in a white Batman outfit
ZHOUSHAN , China  CNN  -- They operate from a bare apartment on a Chinese island . They are intelligent 20-somethings who seem harmless . But they are hard-core hackers who claim to have gained access to the world 's most sensitive sites , including the Pentagon . The leader of these Chinese hackers says there "  is always a weakness " on networks that allows cyber break-ins . In fact , they say they are sometimes paid secretly by the Chinese government -- a claim the Beijing government denies . "  No Web site is one hundred percent safe . There are Web sites with high-level security , but there is always a weakness , " says Xiao Chen , the leader of this group . "  Xiao Chen " is his online name . Along with his two colleagues , he does not want to reveal his true identity . The three belong to what some Western experts say is a civilian cyber militia in China , launching attacks on government and private Web sites around the world . Watch hackers ' clandestine Chinese operation " If there is a profile of a cyber hacker , these three are straight from central casting -- young and thin , with skin pale from spending too many long nights in front of a computer . One hacker says he is a former computer operator in the People 's Liberation Army ; another is a marketing graduate ; and Xiao Chen says he is a self-taught programmer . "  First , you must know about the Web site you want to attack . You must know what program it is written with , " says Xiao Chen . "  There is a saying , ` Know about both yourself and the enemy , and you will be invincible . ' " CNN decided to withhold the address of these hackers ' Web site , but Xiao Chen says it has been operating for more than three years , with 10,000 registered users . The site offers tools , articles , news and flash tutorials about hacking . Private computer experts in the United States from iDefense Security Intelligence , which provides cybersecurity advice to governments and Fortune 500 companies , say the group 's site "  appears to be an important site in the broader Chinese hacking community . " Arranging a meeting with the hackers took weeks of on-again , off-again e-mail exchanges . When they finally agreed , CNN was told to meet them on the island of Zhoushan , just south of Shanghai and a major port for China 's navy . The apartment has cement floors and almost no furniture . What they do have are three of the latest computers . They are cautious when it comes to naming the Web sites they have hacked . On camera , Xiao Chen denies knowing anyone who has targetted U.S. government Web sites . But off-camera , in conversations over three days , he claims two of his colleagues -- not the ones with him in the room -- hacked into the Pentagon and downloaded information , although he would n't specify what was gleaned . CNN has no way to confirm if his claim is true . "  They would not publicize this , " he says of someone who hacks the U.S. Defense Department . "  It is very sensitive . " This week , the Pentagon said computer networks in the United States , Germany , Britain and France were hit last year by what they call "  multiple intrusions , " many of them originating from China . At a congressional hearing in Washington last week , administration officials testified that the government 's cyber initiative has fallen far short of what is required . Most alarming , the officials said , there has never been a full damage assessment of federal agency networks . Watch Pentagon bans Google from bases " "  We are here today because we must do more , " said Robert Jamison , a top official in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security . "  Defending the federal system in its current configuration is a significant challenge . " U.S. officials have been cautious not to directly accuse the Chinese military or its government of hacking into its network . But David Sedney , the deputy assistant secretary of defense for East Asia , says , "  The way these intrusions are conducted are certainly consistent with what you would need if you were going to actually carry out cyber warfare . " Beijing hit back at that , denying such an allegation and calling on the United States to provide proof . "  If they have any evidence , I hope they would provide it . Then , we can cooperate on this issue , " Qin Gang , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry , said during a regular press briefing this week . But again off-camera , Xiao Chen says after the alleged Pentagon attack , his colleagues were paid by the Chinese government . CNN has no way to independently confirm if that is true . His allegations brought strenuous denials from Beijing . "  I am telling you honestly , the Chinese government does not do such a thing , " Qin said . But if Xiao Chen is telling the truth , it appears his colleagues launched a freelance attack -- not initiated by Beijing , but paid for after the fact . "  These hacker groups in my opinion are not agents of the Chinese state , " says James Mulvenon from the Center for Intelligence Research and Analysis , which works with the U.S. intelligence community . "  They are sort of useful idiots for the Beijing regime . " He adds , "  These young hackers are tolerated by the regime provided that they do not conduct attacks inside of China . " One of the biggest problems experts say is trying to prove where a cyber attack originates from , and that they say allows hackers like Xiao Chen to operate in a virtual world of deniability . And across China , there could be thousands just like him , all trying to prove themselves against some of the most secure Web sites in the world . E-mail to a friend	Chinese hackers claim to have broken into Pentagon 's system The hackers met with CNN on an island near a Chinese naval hub Hackers say Beijing secretly pays them at times , something the government denies Official : "  The Chinese government does not do such a thing "
Budget Travel  -- If the best architecture aims at eternity , to paraphrase famed English architect Christopher Wren , then these new hotels are bound to be immortal . The 11 hotels on our list all opened within the last four years , and each is an example of awe-inspiring design in its own right . You can stay in a wave-like skyscraper in Chicago , a stack of cantilevered cubes in Portugal , or a hotel tucked into the wild cliffs of an Australian island . And , even better , it wo n't cost a fortune to spend a night in these architectural wonders . Seven of the 11 are under $ 200 a night . See more photos of the hotels Bella Sky Comwell  Copenhagen , Denmark The two structures that make up the Bella Sky each incline at a slightly different angle . Or as the architects sweetly put it , the towers are drawn to each other , "  yet seem a little shy . " In fact , the creative use of angles is employed both inside the property and out -- geometric angles give the exterior a filigreed look , while inside the hotel there are rooms where there are no 90-degrees at all  there are over 200 different room shapes in the 812-room hotel  . The location , in the Copenhagen neighborhood of Orestad five miles from the city center , actually inspired the leaning-tower design . The buildings are so close to the airport that height restrictions dictate that they must not exceed 246 feet . 011-45/3247 -3000 , bellaskycomwell.dk , from $ 155 per night . Jumeirah at Etihad Towers Hotel  Abu Dhabi Queensland architecture firm DBI Design won the World 's Leading New Hotel Award for 2011 for this stunning $ 1 billion residential and retail center . The complex is made up of five towers on a beachside stretch on a peninsula in Abu Dhabi . Constructing the buildings that now dominate the modern skyline posed structural challenges . The towers all curve , meaning each floor slab is a different shape . The 382-room Jumeirah hotel takes up 66 stories of one of the towers . 888/645 -5697 , jumeirah.com , from $ 192 per night . Budget Travel : 12 elevators you have to see to believe Hotel Consolación  Teruel , Spain Perched atop a ridge , this collection of 10 freestanding , wood-clad modernist cubes , or "  Kube " suites , opened in 2009 . Located in the rural mountain town of Teruel  a three-hour drive from both Barcelona and Valencia  , the sleek cubes create a beautiful juxtaposition with the groves of olive and almond trees that surround them . Each suite has a sliding glass wall that opens onto a private terrace , and , inside , sparse interiors combine slate , copper-treated pine , and metal sheeting . The hotel incorporates some classic elements as well : a converted 14th-century hermitage serves as a communal area for guests . 011-34-978 / 85-67-55 , consolacion.com.es , from $ 185 per night . Southern Ocean Lodge  Kangaroo Island , Australia Architect Max Pritchard designed this lodge to blend into the dramatic surroundings of Kangaroo Island . Tucked back behind cliffs , the hotel opened in 2008 and consists of 21 suites cascading down a windswept slope , following the natural curve of the land , each with floor-to-ceiling glass walls and sweeping views of the Southern Ocean . Suites were constructed from lightweight materials -- steel screw piles , timber framing , iron cladding -- that could be carried in to create minimal disturbance to nature , and which also could handle the challenge of building on precarious soil conditions  several feet of sand atop solid limestone  . Inside are environmentally sound sandblasted limestone floors and recycled spotted-gum walls . The off-the-grid location led to innovations such as sculptural containers for collecting rainwater . 931/924 -5253 , southernoceanlodge.com.au , from $ 1,000 per person , per night with a two-night minimum Marina Bay Sands  Singapore This trio of 55-story towers opened in 2010 and hold an incredible 2,561 hotel rooms , plus a museum , casino , convention center , waterfront promenade , shops , and restaurants . Architect Moshe Safdie has said that his challenge "  was to create a vital public place at the district-urban scale-in other words , to address the issue of megascale and invent an urban landscape that would work at the human scale . " His way of dealing with that was to design the complex around two central axes to give a sense of orientation . The towers are connected at the top by the cantilevered , two-and-a-half-acre SkyPark , home to gardens , 250 trees , a public observatory and a 492-foot swimming pool -- all perched high in the sky like a fantastical cruise ship forever suspended in midair . 011-65/6688 -8868 , marinabaysands.com , from $ 350 per night . Budget Travel : World 's 16 most picturesque villages Yas Viceroy Hotel  Abu Dhabi This 499-room hotel was the first to be built straddling a Formula 1 racetrack  it opened in 2009 and was renovated in 2011 to become a Viceroy  . The structure consists of a pair of 12-story towers joined by a sweeping , 700-foot curvilinear skin of glass and steel -- actually 5,800 pivoting , diamond-shaped glass panels that reflect the sky by day and are illuminated up by an LED system at night . The architects ' aim was to reflect artistry and geometries associated with ancient Islamic art and craft traditions , and from a distance the panels create the appearance of a spectacular veil . 888/622 -4567 , viceroyhotelsandresorts.com ; from about $ 210 per night . Radisson Blu Waterfront Hotel  Stockholm , Sweden The piece de resistance at this 414-room hotel of white polished stone and rough black stone is its attached conference center -- a glass structure with an exterior made up of 13 miles of semi-transparent stainless steel rods . They reflect the sky and water , radically change the skyline , and are what architect Hans Forsmark describes as "  a reminiscence of the Nordic Light . " The interiors of the hotel , which opened in 2011 , follow straight lines and geometric precision . 800/333 -3333 , radissonblu.com , from $ 155 per night . Axis Viana Hotel  Viana do Castelo , Portugal The 88-room Axis Viana Hotel was a striking addition to the folkloric village of Viana do Castelo when it opened in 2008 . The exterior is made up of reflective aluminum , black glass , and green stone , and the cantilevered design changes the shape of the hotel depending upon your vantage point . The contrasting interior consists of white finishes and materials including wood and stone . It 's all edged by a shimmering outdoor pool and surrounded by views of the Lima River and Mount St. Luzia . 011-351/258 -802 -000 , axishoteis.com , from $ 100 per night . Hôtel Americano  New York , New York The 10-story Americano sits on the site of a former parking garage in Manhattan 's Chelsea neighborhood . Neighbors were likely pleased with the swap when the hotel opened in 2011 . The building looks like a massive metal sculpture -- perfect for the gallery-filled neighborhood -- with floors connected by catwalks and wrapped with stainless-steel mesh . The industrial façade holds 56 rooms plus two restaurants , a lobby café and two basement bars ; for urban escape , there is a roof deck with a pool , bar , and peaceful garden terrace . 212/216 -0000 , hotel-americano . com , from $ 295 per night . Budget Travel : 12 hot springs worth traveling for Miura Hotel  Celadná , Czech Republic Rising like a geometric spaceship in the Beskydy Mountains is this distinctive hotel made of concrete , sheet metal , violet glass , Corian , and stone . Miura opened in 2011 and is divided into three parts , one of which seems to levitate above the ground , plus two side wings containing the 44 rooms . The arrangement means that all of the rooms have views of the surrounding mountains . The striking hotel also has an impressive art collection , with works by Andy Warhol , Damien Hirst , and Czech sculptor David Černý . Known for his large-scale installations , Černý 's works here include an almost 30-foot-tall stainless-steel man pushing against the exterior of the hotel . 011-420/558 -761 -100 , www.miura.cz , from $ 126 per night . Radisson Blu Aqua Hotel  Chicago , Illinois Architect Jeanne Gang literally made waves in a city full of iconic skyscrapers with her showstopper building . The 82-story glass structure 's exterior has undulating concrete balconies resembling the swirls and ripples of nearby Lake Michigan . Such a unique design brought with it a unique construction challenge -- each floor plate is a different shape , which means a different concrete pour was required for every story . To manage it , the concrete was poured into a specially designed flexible metal edge that was reused over and over again -- an important detail for green architecture . Much of the building is designated for private residences , but the 334-room Radisson Blu Aqua opened on 18 floors in November 2011 . 312/565 -5258 , radissonbluchicago.com , from $ 175 per night . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Each suite at Hotel Consolación has a sliding glass wall that opens onto a private terrace The Southern Ocean Lodge consists of 21 suites cascading down a windswept slope The Yas Viceroy Hotel was the first to be built straddling a Formula 1 racetrack
Washington  CNN  -- In what resembled more a revival than a political rally , conservative talk show host Glenn Beck urged the large crowds at his "  Restoring Honor " event Saturday to "  turn back to God " and return America to the values on which it was founded . "  Something beyond imagination is happening , " he told participants who packed the National Mall in Washington . "  America today begins to turn back to God . For too long , this country has wandered in darkness . " The rally drew fire for its timing and location . People filled the park by the Lincoln Memorial 's reflecting pool , in the shadows and echoes of the most pivotal civil rights address in America 's history -- the Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. 's famous "  I Have a Dream " speech , which he delivered there 47 years ago . Some of those who marched with King said Beck had usurped the day for his own political gain . The Rev. Jesse Jackson told CNN that Beck was mimicking King and "  humiliating the tradition . " Other civil rights activists gathered nearby with the Rev. Al Sharpton and his National Action Network in a "  Reclaim the Dream " rally . Participants marched from a high school in northwest Washington , D.C. , to the site of the future Martin Luther King , Jr. . National Memorial , just a few blocks from the Lincoln Memorial . Beck said the site of his rally was appropriate to reflect on the legacy of King , "  the man who stood down on those stairs and gave his life for everyone 's right to have a dream . " A hero to many conservative voters across the country , Beck said his rally was nonpolitical and its mission was to honor American troops . He struck a spiritual tone throughout the day , saying his role was to wake America up to the backsliding of principles , values and most importantly , faith . Earlier , he said "  God dropped a giant sandbag on his head " to push him to organize the event . "  Look forward . Look West . Look to the heavens . Look to God and make your choice , " he said . "  Do we no longer believe in the power of the individual ? Do we no longer believe in dreams ? " Beck , keenly aware of his critics , opened the rally shortly after 10 a.m. with the national anthem and immediately drew attention to the large crowd that stretched for six city blocks from the Lincoln Memorial along the parks surrounding the reflecting pool . "  I have just gotten word from the media that there are over 1,000 people here today , " Beck said sarcastically . "  We are humbled that you are here , " he said . "  The reflecting pool holds about 200,000 people . This field back here holds about 250 - to 300,000 people . They are not only full here , they 're full in that field , they 're full behind me , and they are now across the street approaching the Washington Monument . " Tea Party activists from across the country attended the event . Speakers included former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , a Fox News contributor , who said she came to speak not about politics but as "  something more " -- as the mother of a soldier . She said America 's men and women in uniform exemplified the virtues and values of America . "  Say what you want to say about me , but I raised a combat vet and you ca n't take that away from me , " she said to a crowd that broke out in chants of "  U.S.A ! U.S.A ! " She also noted the anniversary of the famous civil rights speech , saying , "  We feel the spirit of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. " "  We are so honored to stand here today , " Palin added . Rally organizers said Saturday 's event was not political and asked participants not to carry signs , unlike past Tea Party demonstrations . The atmosphere Saturday was almost festival-like and participants were careful to say : "  We 're not angry . " Sue Maliszewski of Phoenix , New York , described herself as not conservative but someone who feels that her beliefs are no longer reflected in government . "  I believe that we are dysfunctional as a country , " she said . "  I believe it 's hopeless unless we get back to our roots , " Maliszewski added . "  And that means our faith , and it means , reorganize our time . We have been so busy earning a living and raising our children that we have let different small groups overpower our opinions . And we 're here to ... reclaim what 's wonderful about this country . " Beck had been heavily promoting the event on his Fox News Channel program and on his radio broadcasts . He said that the timing of the rally was n't intentional . "  It was not my intention to select 8-28 because of the Martin Luther King tie . It is the day he made that speech . I had no idea until I announced it , " he said on his radio show in June , soon after the announcement of the rally . "  Whites do n't own Abraham Lincoln . Blacks do n't own Martin Luther King . Those are American icons , American ideas , and we should just talk about character , and that 's really what this event is about . It 's about honoring character , " Beck said . Alveda King , a niece of the late civil rights leader , also participated in the "  Restoring Honor " rally , saying that her uncle would have approved of the event . "  If Uncle Martin could be here today , he would sure commend us of giving honor where honor is due , " she told a large , cheering crowd . King said earlier she 's been accused of hijacking "  the dream , " but on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Friday night , she said "  the dream " is in her genes . "  I do n't have to reclaim the civil rights movement , I 'm part of the civil rights movement , " she said , noting her family 's home and her father 's church were bombed when she was younger . While the NAACP put out a cautious statement regarding the rally , there has been plenty of criticism of the event . Lenny McAllister , an African American Republican , was asked by the Tea Party to speak at Saturday 's rally but declined . He said the rally was disrespectful to the Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. . "  I can not sit on stage and co-sign on this irresponsibility , " he said . "  I made sure I wore my elephant pin today . I am a proud Republican but I am also a proud African American man . " But Lloyd Marcus , another black Republican , said he supported Beck 's efforts . "  Go Beck , " he said . "  This is a fantastic rally and the people there do n't give a hoot about race . " CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Kate Bolduan and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	America today begins to turn back to God , conservative talk show host Glenn Beck tells the crowd The "  Restoring Honor " rally is unfolding on the same day and place as King 's "  I Have a Dream " speech Critics say the event dishonors the civil rights movement The Rev. Al Sharpton and other civil rights leaders are marching in a rally just a few miles away
Cairo  CNN  -- Soccer fans in the restive Egyptian city of Port Said clashed with security forces and torched a police station Saturday , the Interior Ministry said . At least 10 people were injured in the fighting , the latest over the last year . Violent clashes in Port Said have highlighted the longstanding resentment residents there feel toward Cairo and President Mohamed Morsy . The Green Ultras -- fans of the city 's al-Masry football club long in the middle of political violence -- threw rocks at police vehicles that were transporting prisoners from jail to a court for their hearing . After the incident , about 500 people gathered in front of a police station . They threw rocks and Molotov cocktails and set fire to the building . The people also prevented emergency vehicles from arriving at the scene to help put out the fire . The Interior Ministry said the situation is now under control . The violence comes during a civil disobedience movement in the runup to a March 9 final verdict for people involved in deadly clashes after Port Said-based al-Masry defeated Cairo 's al-Ahry 3-1 in a February 2012 soccer game . The fighting , dubbed the massacre at Port Said , left 74 dead and 1,000 injured . The history of tense relations between Port Said and Cairo dates back about 60 years , as residents of Port Said have felt betrayed by Egyptian security forces during a series of wars with Israel . Thousands of residents were displaced several times because of the Suez War , the Six Day War of 1967 , the War of Attrition with Israel , and the 1973 Arab-Israeli War . Egyptian opposition leader calls for election boycott Residents of Port Said , in the northeastern corner of the country , believed security forces did not adequately defend their city . In addition , some say Cairo has not invested enough in Port Said 's infrastructure , and that their city does n't reap enough tax benefits from trade with international ships that pass though Port Said via the critical Suez Canal . Some also contend that Port Said is still getting the cold shoulder from Cairo after a 1999 assassination attempt of then-President Hosni Mubarak , who was visiting the city . Elsewhere , tensions flared in Mansoura , in the Nile Delta region . Thousands poured into the streets for the funeral of Housam Abdelazim , killed Friday night in clashes between protesters and members of the security forces , the state-run Ahram news outlet said . The death occurred when the forces were preventing an attack by protesters against a complex of buildings that houses Dakahliya provincial headquarters . He was killed after a police vehicle drove over him , witnesses said . The security forces fired tear gas as the protesters threw Molotov cocktails and cut off roads leading to the provincial government buildings . Scores injured in anti-government protests in Egypt Kerry visits Egypt A protest erupted in Cairo as U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry paid a visit to Egypt on Saturday , part of his first trip overseas as America 's top diplomat . Dozens of protesters in front of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs set on fire pictures of Kerry , according to the state-run MENA news outlet . Other protesters laid on the ground at the front gate of the ministry . Some formed a human chain on a bridge leading to the ministry and held banners rejecting Kerry 's visit to Egypt . The demonstration caused congestion with many cars backed up on Corniche Nile Road . The protesters chanted anti-U.S. and anti-Israel slogans . This came before Kerry 's meeting with Foreign Ministry Mohamed Kamel Amr . His stopover comes amid political quarreling in Egypt . The Obama administration has been stressing to Morsy and other political figures the importance of political consensus . Secretary Kerry sees ` urgent ' need to revive Egyptian economy Speaking at a meeting with business leaders , Kerry said it is "  paramount , essential , urgent that the Egyptian economy get stronger , that it get back on its feet . " Kerry said that there needs to be a sense of security and an agreement with the International Monetary Fund to help jump-start the economy . Kerry said he spoke with the leaders of Great Britain , France , Germany and Turkey and all want to be helpful "  but all of them believe Egypt must make some fundamental economic choices . " Kerry met with Amre Moussa and Nabil El Araby , the former and current heads of the Arab League . He met with opposition leaders on Saturday , but state news said opposition leaders Hamdeen Sabahy and Mohamed Elbaradei decided not to meet with Kerry . He will meet with representatives of non-governmental organizations and Morsy on Sunday . In his visit with Morsy , he will broach "  very specific ways " in which Obama wants to help Egypt , including economic assistance , support for private business , increasing Egyptian exports to the United States and investing in education . In remarks to reporters on Sunday , he reiterated the importance of economic and political strides . "  There must be a willingness on all sides " in Egypt to make "  meaningful compromises , " and Egyptians must stay focused on economic and political opportunities to succeed in forging a successful democracy . His visit comes as Egypt has been engulfed in political unrest for months . He said the United States will help Egyptians achieve their aspirations for democracy and economic opportunity without interference . "  We come here as friends " of Egyptians , not favoring a particular group , person or ideology . He said "  the best way to ensure human rights " in the country is through the "  broadest possible " political and economic participation . Kerry also said he appreciated Morsy 's role in helping bring about a cease-fire between Israel and militants in Gaza in fighting there last year . CNN 's Amir Ahmed reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Jill Dougherty reported from Cairo . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	NEW : Kerry focuses on the importance of democracy , economy People gathered at a Port Said police station and threw rocks and Molotov cocktails There has long been tense ties between Port Said and Cairo There has also been unrest in another city , Mansoura
New York  CNN  -- Within hours of finding Philip Seymour Hoffman on the floor of his bathroom with a needle in his arm , New York Police Department investigators were combing his apartment and the surrounding neighborhood for clues . Investigators looked through video from ATM cameras and interviewed people who saw the actor , piecing together his final hours as they searched for anyone who might be linked to the drugs believed to have killed him over the weekend . Three days later , authorities arrested four people in connection with the drugs found in Hoffman 's apartment . It was a lightning-paced investigation , raising the question that out of the thousands of heroin-related deaths in the United States each year , how many yield similar results ? "  There are laws in most states now that say if you give drugs to somebody who kill themselves , you are responsible for their death , " CNN legal analyst Mark O'Mara said . But are all such investigations created equal ? The answer depends on whom you ask , and where you ask . ' A victim is a victim ' The large law-enforcement response to Hoffman 's death was n't surprising to Mordecai Dzikansky , a retired NYPD homicide detective and intelligence officer with more than 25 years on the job . " ... That 's part of the beast , " he said . "  Something happens in Midtown versus something happens in a corner of Staten Island , I do n't think the detectives on the case feel any differently . A victim is a victim . " But add the actor 's stature and the media attention , and it requires a few more "  hands on deck , " he said . Everyone in law enforcement agrees there has been a spike in heroin use in the United States , spurred by a crackdown on abuse of prescription pills and an increase in heroin production in Mexico . As a result , heroin-related deaths are on the rise . And so , too , are the investigations into the drug that serves as a cheap substitute for prescription drug abuse . Quantifying the number of heroin-related investigations is difficult at best , given the sheer number of jurisdictions across the nation . But Joseph Giacalone , a retired NYPD detective with more than 20 years of experience as an investigator , believes the police response in the Hoffman case was undoubtedly influenced by media attention surrounding an apparent overdose death of a celebrity . The Manhattan district attorney 's office declined to comment on the Hoffman case or discuss the number of heroin-related prosecutions it has carried out . The New York Police Department did not respond to repeated CNN requests to discuss the scope and pace of the Hoffman investigation compared to others in the city . Spate of deaths Giacalone said a spate of heroin-related deaths in the region also played a role in the police response . In Allegheny County , a predominantly working class area of western Pennsylvania , the chief medical examiner says he typically sees three to four deaths a week from drug overdoses . Rarely are they heroin deaths . But in one week in late January , Dr. Karl Williams says he saw 15 -- all heroin users , all from an overdose of heroin laced with the powerful cancer painkiller fentanyl . The drug did not discriminate . Among the dead : Men and women , young and old . None was a famous actor , though . County and state law enforcement officials sounded the warning about the deadly drug , and Pittsburgh 's mayor pleaded for people to come forward with information . Within days , a 39-year-old Pittsburgh man was in custody charged with selling the heroin . Authorities seized more than 2,000 bags of the suspected heroin from the man 's home , state Attorney General Kathleen G. Kane said at the time . "  It is my highest priority to find and hold accountable those involved in the distribution of this deadly drug mixture , " she said . Authorities in Maryland sounded a similar warning after 37 people died between September and January after using heroin laced with fentanyl . And in New York City , authorities have reported a dramatic jump in heroin-related deaths . From 2010 to 2012 , heroin-related deaths jumped 84 % , from 3.1 to 5.7 per 100,000 people , according to a New York City Health Department report released in 2013 . That amounts to 382 deaths in 2012 , more than one per day . "  The more attention that these things get in the media , the more likelihood there 's going to be a strong police response , " said Giacalone , who teaches criminal investigation at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in Manhattan . Celebrities vs. ordinary people But the media does n't pay close attention to an overdose death of an ordinary New Yorker , said Dzikansky , who spent years investigating drug overdoses . "  Most of the overdoses that I dealt with , I ca n't say all , but there was a significant amount where the person , in order to feed the habit , would burglarize apartments , " he said . "  Here 's an example of a person with a family who brought joy to many , many people and , unfortunately , his addiction killed him . Now there 's more attention ... We have to get it -LSB- heroin -RSB- off the streets . Once it 's off the streets , everybody benefits , even the burglar who does it to feed a habit benefits . " Hundreds of miles from New York City , Beth Vernau heard the news of Hoffman 's death and the police investigation . There has been no such law enforcement response looking into her son Andrew 's heroin overdose last October , she says . "  What makes his death more important than that of my 19-year-old son ? " Vernau , who lives outside Pittsburgh , asked of Hoffman 's apparent drug overdose . "  The police  get on it because it makes the news . But you have a 19-year-old who overdosed , and there could be an example made out there : We 're going to go after these people . But no , because he 's not a celebrity , that 's the end of it . " ` Families of ordinary kids struggle ' Andrew was hospitalized two days before dying from an addiction that started when he was 13 , Vernau said . He started abusing alcohol and pot , then prescription drugs and , finally , heroin . She said her son overdosed and the two people he was with put him in her car and drove him around for an hour and 45 minutes before taking him to a hospital . There was no prosecution , she said , no search for the dealer who sold him the heroin . "  Do n't get me wrong , I feel bad for anybody who dies of an overdose . But the families of ordinary kids struggle just as much , " she said . Giacalone said some will unfairly criticize the rapid police response to the death of the celebrity . "  Family members of people who are n't famous will say , look at the police response because this guy was an actor , but that 's not the case , " he said . "  The answer is that people were willing to cooperate and give out information to get this stuff . Usually family members are the last ones to know . And friends abandon them , too , because they 're using heroin , too . " "  It really comes down to the fact that in the very beginning of the investigation , they had people who were willing to help out the police . That rarely happens . " The day after Hoffman died the headlines in New York screamed : "  Last Act " and "  Death By The Needle . " There were no such headlines for Jose Juarez and Yvonne Valdez , both 18 , who died last November of heroin overdoses blocks apart on the same day in Irving , Texas . Authorities were looking into whether overdoses were related , according to CNN affiliate KNBC in Dallas . How did it happen ? Celebrity deaths attract attention and , ultimately , questions : How did this happen ? Why did it happen ? Those are the questions authorities are trying to answer about Hoffman . Giacalone is hopeful some good might come out of the investigation . "  Maybe this death of this actor wo n't be in vain . Maybe they 'll be a huge response with arrests of people putting heroin on the streets , " he said . And just maybe all this attention on Hoffman 's death will save a few lives , Aaron Sorkin , the creator of HBO 's "  The Newsroom , " wrote in Time magazine . The two men first met on the set of the 2007 film "  Charlie Wilson 's War , " and during a break in filming the two men shared their stories of heroin addiction with one another . "  If one of us dies of an overdose , probably 10 people who were about to wo n't , " Hoffman told him , Sorkin wrote in Time magazine . "  He meant that our deaths would make news and maybe scare someone clean . " CNN 's Ray Sanchez reported this story from New York ; Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta .	The investigation into the death of Philip Seymour Hoffman is raising questions Out of thousands of heroin death investigations each year , how many yield results "  What makes his death more important than that of my 19-year-old son ? " one mother asks One expert says the difference is people appear to be willing to cooperate in Hoffman 's death
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The head of Blackwater USA on Sunday rejected a mounting series of reports suggesting the private contractor 's security guards opened fire on innocent Iraqi civilians last month . Blackwater CEO Erik Prince said Sunday that guards "  definitely " faced insurgent fire September 16 . "  There was definitely incoming small arms fire from insurgents " in the September 16 incident in Baghdad , founder and CEO Erik Prince told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on "  Late Edition . " There was no "  deliberate violence , " committed by Blackwater employees , he added . Still , when asked whether it is possible someone with Blackwater "  screwed up " in the incident , Prince replied , "  Certainly it 's possible . " He said he expects the FBI investigation to provide many answers . Meanwhile , U.S. and Iraqi officials continue discussing Baghdad 's demand that Blackwater be expelled from Iraq within six months , The Associated Press reported Sunday . American officials are also coming up with ways to fill the security gap if Blackwater is forced to leave , AP reported . Blackwater guards , protecting U.S. officials in Iraq , face dangerous circumstances every day and have navigated the vast majority of those situations without any violence , Prince told CNN . The guards just try to do their jobs , and are "  not trying to make any trouble , " he said . The Iraqi government accuses Blackwater guards of opening fire without provocation on civilians in a crowded area in Baghdad on September 16 , killing 17 and wounding 27 . Survivors told FBI investigators Blackwater guards shot at civilians presenting no threat . Watch a Blackwater witness describe his account " The first U.S. soldiers to arrive on the scene after the incident told military investigators they found no evidence contractors were fired upon , a source familiar with a preliminary U.S. military report told CNN . The soldiers found evidence suggesting the guards fired on cars attempting to leave and found weapon casings on the scene matching only those used by U.S. military and contractors , the military source said . But Prince on Sunday told CNN , "  In the incident reports I 've seen , at least three of our armored vehicles were hit by small arms fire , incoming , and one of them damaged , which actually delayed their departure from the traffic circle while they tried to rig a tow . "  So there was definitely incoming small-arms fire from insurgents . " He added , "  I guarantee our guys were n't shooting at each other . " And he said the traffic circle is very big , so those first soldiers on the scene would have needed "  almost a battalion to secure that entire area , to do a thorough crime scene type investigation . " "  So the jury is still out . We 'll see what the FBI report comes up with , but I 'm confident that the kind of people we have out there are proven military professionals , " Prince said . Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh accused Blackwater of "  a deliberate crime against civilians , " and said the company "  should be tried in court , and the victims should be compensated . " A Philadelphia law firm has filed suit in federal court against Blackwater on behalf of the families of three Iraqis killed and one wounded in the in the incident , which occurred in and around Baghdad 's Nusoor Square . The suit claims Blackwater "  created and fostered a culture of lawlessness amongst its employees , encouraging them to act in the company 's financial interests at the expense of innocent human life . " Prince called the lawsuit "  politically motivated " for "  media attention , " and rejected the depictions of his company . "  In Baghdad , the most dangerous city in the world , to say that it was a callous , rampant , evil action , you know , when the guys get it right 99 out of 100 times and do n't have to use any force or any violence at all , I think they are doing very well , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Erik Prince : "  There was definitely incoming small arms fire from insurgents " There was "  no deliberate violence , " he said , during September 16 shooting Iraqi government says Blackwater guards killed 17 , fired without provocation AP : Blackwater may be expelled from Iraq within six months
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  Boko Haram militants opened fire on northern Nigerian villages , leaving bodies scattered everywhere and as many as 2,000 people feared dead . "  The attack on Baga and surrounding towns looks as if it could be Boko Haram 's deadliest act , " Amnesty International said in a statement . Islamist militants sprayed bullets as they stormed in last weekend in trucks and armored vehicles , local authorities said Friday . When they arrived , they unloaded motorcycles and pursued residents who fled into the bush , firing indiscriminately , said Baba Abba Hassan , a local district head . Local officials reported death tolls ranging from hundreds to as many as 2,000 people . "  Dead bodies litter the bushes in the area and it is still no t safe to go and pick them  up  for burial , " said Musa Bukar , the chairman of the local government where Baga is located . "  Some people who hid in their homes were burned alive . " Raid lasted for days During the raid that started January 3 , hundreds of gunmen seized the town of Baga and neighboring villages , as well as a multinational military base . Attacks started at dawn and continued throughout last weekend , according to residents . Though local officials gave conflicting death tolls , they agreed on the massive number of fatalities . More than 2,000 people were killed in attacks on 16 villages , Bukar said . He could not explain how he arrived at that toll . But the local district head said hundreds of people had been killed , not thousands . The actual toll will be known after a headcount of households is complete , Hassan said . An offensive is underway to reclaim the areas from the militants , according to Mike Omeri , a government spokesman . Tens of thousands displaced At least 30,000 people were displaced , authorities said . About 20,000 of the displaced camped in Maiduguri city , the capital of Borno state . Authorities are making arrangements to transport the 10,000 others from Monguno town , 60 kilometers  36 miles  from Baga . Some residents fled into neighboring Cameroon and Chad . "  If reports that the town was largely razed to the ground and that hundreds or even as many as 2,000 civilians were killed are true , this marks a disturbing and bloody escalation of Boko Haram 's ongoing onslaught against the civilian population , " Amnesty International 's Daniel Eyre said . Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , and bombing government buildings . It has also kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls who were abducted in April and remain missing . The Islamist group has said its aim is to impose a stricter form of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . The United States condemned the attacks , saying the group "  shows no regard " for human life . "  All those responsible for these recurring terrorist attacks must be held accountable , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . Threats against Cameroon In neighboring Cameroon , President Paul Biya urged the international community to help battle the terror group . His call came after the leader of the terrorist group threatened him in a YouTube video . "  Oh Paul Biya , if you do n't stop this , your evil plot , you will taste what has befallen Nigeria . Your troops can not do anything to us , " Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau said in the video released this week . The threat against the President came after Cameroonian soldiers killed dozens of Boko Haram fighters this month . Biya told the international community that a global response is required to combat the terror group . CNN 's Faith Karimi wrote and reported from Atlanta , and Aminu Abubakar reported from Kano . CNN 's Steve Almasy and Ngala Killian Chimtom contributed to this report .	Deaths number in the hundreds , one official says ; another says it is 2,000 After the attack , Boko Haram also razed homes
I once wondered why we indigenous peoples of North America must break it down when it comes to why something is anti-Native American . On the whole , people can recognize what 's anti-black , anti-gay , anti-Latino , anti-Asian , and so on : But when it comes to racism directed at Native Americans , we , the first peoples of this continent , are left having to explain why Indian mascots and painting your face red at a Cleveland Indians game denigrate us . Years of studying and observing this situation have led me to an unfortunate conclusion : People have been conditioned to ignore racism directed at Native Americans . But , I 'm not sure I can consciously blame them ... at least not all of them . Think about it : Thanks to Hollywood , I 'm supposed to have long hair , bronze skin and a very limited vocabulary . Courtesy of Thanksgiving and Halloween , it 's possible someone might believe it 's "  just in good fun " to dress in faux Native American garb and play Indian . So when I walk in a room , nobody looks at me and sees a Native American . Why ? Because people have been conditioned to believe I look , act , and even talk a certain way , and believe playing Indian is OK . Lo , it 's not . So here 's the solution : We are going to be seen . As social media and the web continue to grow exponentially , so too do the voice and face of Native America . The National Congress of American Indians has just launched yet another campaign to put our faces and those of our allies in the public eye . NCAI 's hashtag , #ProudToBe , is a video and photo campaign that uses the web and demonstrates that we are more than a costume . We are more than a mascot . In fact , the second half of the campaign against the dehumanization of Native Americans in the form of sports mascots is aptly called " #NotYourMascot . " And many of this nation 's leaders have joined in the growing chorus of conscientious objectors who see Indian mascots for what they are : racist . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , Sen. Maria Cantwell , and Washington , D.C. , Councilman David Grosso have each been photographed holding signs that read " #ProudToBe Standing With #NotYourMascot . " And , according to the folks at the National Congress of American Indians , more photos continue to stream in . Grosso , who 's a Washington Redskins season ticket holder , recently told me he predicts the team name will , in fact , be abolished in the next five years . "  Ultimately we 're going to have to right this wrong , " he said . "  The word ` redskins ' has never been used in a positive way . It 's been a racist and a derogatory term since forever . " Sen. Reid told me : "  The degrading team name inflicts pain on Native American populations . The name is going to change ; it 's only a question of when . The NFL and Dan Snyder have to realize they are on the losing side of history . " Opinion : NFL may throw flag on N-word , but what about the ` R-word ' ? Several days ago , I was asked : "  Why are you picking on the Redskins ? What about the Cleveland Indians or the Atlanta Braves ? " First , the term "  redskins " is a pejorative , a racial slur . We are told by our elders that the eastern Algonquian word for woman is shunksqaw , and that "  squaw " in the English usage came to signify that part of the woman the settlers wanted during negotiations . It 's a pejorative . It always has been , just like the word "  redskins . " The term "  Indian " is n't a racial slur , even though it 's incorrect ; and neither are the terms "  brave " or "  warrior . " But that 's missing the point . When the status of a Native American is demoted to that of a caricature , we are objectified and diminished as a people . We become entertainment , not fellow citizens . How are you supposed to take me seriously if all you see is the stereotypical image of the Hollywood or sports mascot Indian ? Courtesy of the Web , we are no longer out of sight . We are no longer canceled out of the American conversation . Also , more Native Americans live in urban settings than ever before . More than 70 % of us work , live and thrive in big cities . Native Americans on reservations have smartphones and laptops , so geographic isolation is slowly becoming a thing of the past as well . And we use these new technologies to speak out against the macro - and micro-aggressions directed at Native Americans . Today , we are lawyers , doctors , teachers , business owners , professional athletes , artists , and maybe your neighbor next door . We are proud to be Diné , Lakota , Choctaw , Crow , Cherokee , Ojibwe , Cheyenne , Navajo , Zuni , and many more . And so the momentum builds against the racism aimed at us , leaving the question : Will you tell your children or grandchildren you are on the side of the Native American and allies who believe we deserve the same respect afforded to others ? Or will you tell them we were just a group of politically correct Indians and Indian-lovers who were infringing on other people 's privilege ? Right . The Redskins fan , the Indians fan , the Braves fan -- they 're upset because they demand said privilege . We 're upset because we demand respect .	Simon Moya-Smith : People recognize prejudice , but not against Native Americans Moya-Smith : Hollywood , Thanksgiving inspire "  playing Indian " caricatures He says "  redskins " is a racist slur , "  braves " and "  warriors " are denigrating stereotypes Moya-Smith : Campaign is on to put real Native Americans in the public eye
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Marine Corps knew of the threat posed by roadside bombs before the start of the Iraq war , yet did nothing to buy protective vehicles for troops , according to a report to be released by the Pentagon . Marines ' armored Humvees are parked at a miltary camp in Fallujah , Iraq , in May 2007 . Additionally , Marine leaders in 2005 decided to buy up-armored , or reinforced , Humvees instead of Mine Resistant Ambush-Protected vehicles to shield troops in Iraq from mines and other explosives -- a decision that could have cost lives , according to the report obtained Tuesday by CNN . The report by the Department of Defense inspector general was requested by the Marine Corps in early 2008 after a civilian employee with the service complained that bureaucratic delays undermined the program to develop the armored vehicles . Inspectors found that the decision not to buy MRAP vehicles in 2005 stopped the Marine Corps Combat Development Command , the agency in charge of finding the best protective vehicle from troops in Iraq , from "  developing a course of action ... to attempt to obtain funding for -LSB- MRAPs -RSB- , " according to the report . The report found that the Department of Defense knew before the war started in 2003 of the threats of mines and roadside bombs in Iraq but did nothing to acquire "  MRAP-type " vehicles ahead of the invasion . "  As a result , the department entered into operations in Iraq without having taken available steps to acquire technology to mitigate the known mine and IED risk to soldiers and Marines , " the report said . In response to the report , Marine Corps spokesman Maj. David Nevers pointed out the inspector general found no "  evidence of criminal negligence " in the Corps ' actions . The decision to buy the up-armored Humvee model , he said , was made "  consciously by the Marine Corps leadership because of its proven capability to protect and its tactical utility ; the survivability and mobility demanded by the Marines in theater ; and its availability , based on an active , responsive production line . " "  The Marine Corps fully cooperated with -LSB- inspector general -RSB- during this audit , " Nevers said . "  We are reviewing the report to ensure that our processes best support the war fighter in theater . " A civilian whistle-blower working with the Marine Corps on the MRAP program wrote a scathing report about delays in the procurement process in early 2008 . "  If the mass procurement and fielding of MRAPs had begun in 2005 in response to the known and acknowledged threats at that time , as the USMC is doing today , hundreds of deaths and injuries could have been prevented , " Franz Gayl wrote in his January report . He said bureaucratic delays plagued the program at the height of the insurgency , when U.S. troops were regularly being attacked and killed by roadside bombs . Gayl 's report prompted the Marine Corps to request the inspector general 's audit in 2008 . The Gayl report drew attention just months after MRAPs had been pushed into Iraq by Defense Secretary Robert Gates in an effort to protect troops from roadside bombs -- the leading killer of troops at the time .	Report : Buying reinforced Humvees , not MRAPs , possibly cost lives Defense Department knew of roadside bomb risk ahead of Iraq war , report says Report : Department did n't immediately take available steps to get MRAPs MRAPs are designed to shield troops from mines and other explosives
CNN  -- Former England all-rounder Andrew Flintoff has announced his retirement from all forms of cricket at the age of 32 , because of a long-standing knee injury . Flintoff quit Test cricket in 2009 after helping his country regain the Ashes against rivals Australia , but was hoping to continue playing in the one-day format of the game . However , he has finally been forced to accept his playing days are over following medical advice on his right knee . Flintoff issued a statement on Thursday , saying : "  It is with both disappointment and sadness that I am announcing my retirement from all forms of cricket . "  The decision to end my career came after consultation with medical advisers . I was told that the problems I have been trying to overcome in re-hab for the last year , following the latest in a series of operations , would not recover sufficiently to allow a comeback . "  Having been told that my body would no longer stand up to the rigors of cricket , I had no alternative but to retire . " Flintoff played 79 Test matches for England , after making his debut against South Africa in 1998 , but his career was blighted by injuries to his knees and ankles . He took 226 wickets at 32.78 runs per wicket and scored 3,845 runs at 31.77 , with five hundreds , including a career-best of 167 against the West Indies in 2004 . The highlight undoubtedly came in 2005 when a Flintoff-inspired England won the Ashes back from Australia , the first time they had beaten their rivals in 18 years . The Lancashire player scored 402 runs and took 24 wickets in that series , invoking memories of another Ian Botham 's heroics against Australia in 1981 .	Andrew Flintoff has announced his retirement from all forms of cricket aged 32 The all-rounder has been forced to quite because of a long-standing knee injury Flintoff played 79 Test matches for England after making his debut in 1998 The highlight undoubtedly came in 2005 when a Flintoff-inspired England won the Ashes
Parenting  -- When we first met , I was relieved when my future mother-in-law told me that I was pretty and smart . "  His last girlfriend had the face of a rat , " she said . Oh boy . My husband adores his mother -- he calls her Big Red for her auburn hair -- so after our wedding I took up post as dutiful daughter-in-law . I called her weekly and eventually sent endless waves of photos of our two kids . Parenting.com : 20 old-fashioned baby names I suppose it was easy having an MIL on the opposite coast . She showed up for short spurts : quick shopping trips , weddings , and babies ' birthdays . But my husband 's demanding work schedule meant that the burden to play tour guide always fell on me . What first ensued was one bad TV moment after another : Minutes after my MIL met our first child , Jane , she exclaimed , "  That is the most beautiful baby I 've ever seen . You know , sometimes the most beautiful babies turn into the ugliest adults . " Really . Then after my son was born and I 'd lost most of the 70 pounds I 'd gained , she sent me an outfit from Banana Republic -- in a size 12 . I cried . I used to be a 4 . Parenting.com : Top 25 books for kids Still , small hints of her generous personality began to peek through . When my son had eye surgery , I did what any mother would : I passed out cold . There I was in the days afterward , holding an infant with stitches in his eyeballs and had a toddler to entertain , too . My MIL called religiously to check in , alternating among "  You can do it , " "  It 's OK to cry to me , " and "  Treat yourself to something nice when this is over . " They were simple words , but she was like a magical fairy godmother at the time . I found myself calling her more , hungry for parenting advice . I learned that she was a curious woman with infinite interests . My mother-in-law , it turned out , was thoughtful , forgiving , and quick to praise .  Yep , you read that right . Parenting.com : What your husband wants you to know , but is n't telling you Nowadays , I call her my extra mother , but she 's proven to be a surprisingly satisfying partner-in-crime , too . It was n't long before we found ourselves palling around like we were teens on the loose . During one visit , she enthusiastically accompanied me into Heidi Fleiss 's bra boutique , the Little Shop of Sex . At first , we went in to gawk , but then we wisely realized that Ms. Fleiss knew a lot about boobs , and we scooped up her wares . Hey , it 's not every day you get naked with a madam and your MIL . Parenting.com : Totally awkward family vacation photos I like to joke that the secret to having the perfect mother-in-law is to marry her youngest child . By the time you enter the picture , she 'll be used to crushed expectations . But the secret to having the perfect MIL could really be in loving her intensely . It 's part of loving my husband , loving the woman who shares him with me -- for better or worse . Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	What happens when an agressive mother-in-law turns out to be generous , too ? Writer Jessica Gottlieb was surprised and encouraged by her MIL 's parenting advice The woman who started off critical turned out to be Gottlieb 's partner in crime
CNN  -- A joint session of Pakistan 's parliament will meet Tuesday to discuss new terms of engagement with the United States , a spokesman for the country 's prime minister told CNN on Saturday . The parliament will debate the recommendations of a special commission and will vote whether to accept them or not , spokesman Akram Shaheedi said . Amid huge domestic and military pressure after NATO airstrikes on the Pakistani-Afghan border killed 24 Pakistani soldiers last November , Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani created the Parliamentary Committee on National Security , a group of 18 members of parliament responsible for reviewing relations with the United States . The committee forwarded its recommendations to the government about a month ago , and these will be debated Tuesday . "  We kept in mind both the angles , domestic demands and the requirement by the international community , while compiling our recommendations , " Hiader Abbas Rizvi , a committee member , told CNN . "  We were optimistic , progressive , but of course patriotic Pakistanis at the end while we were compiling the recommendations . " Rizvi expects that the recommendations -- which wo n't be made public until Tuesday -- will be approved , but not before several days of debate . President Asif Ali Zardari , in an address to parliament Saturday , described 2011 as a "  challenging year " in the "  multi-dimensional and important " relationship between his country and the United States . "  We seek to engage meaningfully with the U.S. on the basis of mutual interest and mutual respect , " Zardari said . "  We are looking forward to your recommendations for re-engaging with the United States , " said Zardari , referring to the parliamentary committee . Zardari 's speech mostly focused on domestic issues , including energy and inflation . Opposition lawmakers shouted during the leader 's speech and said , "  End the corruption ! " and "  Stop the lies ! " The president 's supporters slapped their desks , a customary sign of support in parliament . After 20 minutes of protest , members of the opposition walked out .	President calls 2011 a "  challenging year " for the two countries Pakistan 's parliament will convene Tuesday They will debate the recommendations of a special committee The committee studied how to engage with the United States
CNN  -- A deal designed to end months of anti-government protests in Yemen suffered a setback Sunday when embattled President Ali Abdullah Saleh rejected the opposition signature , officials said Sunday . Saleh , who was due to sign the deal Sunday , refused to recognize the opposition signature on it from the day before . "  President Saleh invited the JMP  opposition alliance  to sign the ... proposal at the presidential palace at 3 p.m. today . We hope the JMP accepts President Saleh 's invitation , " said Tareq Shami , a spokesman for Yemen 's ruling party , the General People 's Congress  GPC  . He insisted that the demand is not a complication , but rather common sense . "  Any agreement should never take place in closed-door meetings . This is commonly known and Saleh does not want to start the transition period in such a way , " Shami said . Opposition officials rejected Saleh 's proposal . "  This is Saleh . His words are never trusted . No agreement is respected by him , " said Mohammed Qahtan , a spokesman for the JMP . Yemen , a key al Qaeda battleground and U.S. ally , has been roiled by protests for most of the year amid the background of anti-government demonstrations across much of the Arab world .	President Ali Abdullah Saleh wants the opposition to sign the agreement at the palace They refuse , saying he is not to be trusted Yemen , a key al Qaeda battleground , is a U.S. ally
CNN  -- If we were hoping that the finally released -- but month-old -- preliminary report on the March 8 disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 would help explain what happened , we were mostly disappointed . But the report , issued Thursday and dated April 9 , does add new insights on snafus in crucial communication between air traffic control centers and Malaysia Airlines on the morning Flight 370 disappeared . They are disturbing -- and put the competence of the airline 's operations center in question . Indeed the brevity of the report  five pages  seems to show a Malaysian Ministry of Transport still interested in sharing as little information as possible , especially when compared with the extensive detail in preliminary reports from other accidents , such as the loss of Air France Flight 447 in June 2009 . What we do learn from this new report is that the airline told controllers -- who were already looking for Flight 370 -- that everything was normal , delaying the realization that the plane was many hundreds of miles from where it was thought to be , and any attempts at finding it . In fact , it would be three hours and 52 minutes between the time that the controller in Ho Chi Minh , Vietnam , reported to air traffic control in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , that Flight 370 had not contacted him as instructed , and the time that the Kuala Lumpur rescue center was activated . Here 's what the report says happened : The Ho Chi Minh controller reported he saw the aircraft over the IGARI navigational waypoint , a position still within Malaysian airspace where the flight had been instructed to contact Ho Chi Minh , but he did not have verbal contact . The controller further noted the observed "  radar blip " disappeared over another waypoint along the aircraft 's route northeast of IGARI , within Ho Chi Minh airspace and less than 100 miles from the southern tip of Vietnam . After not hearing from the flight for 17 minutes after expected , the two controllers spent 20 minutes trying to contact the aircraft on "  many " frequencies , the report says , and through relays from other aircraft in the area , as would be expected . Then the controllers turned to the airline , and here things became odd . At 2:03 a.m. local time , Malaysia Airlines ' operation control center told the watch supervisor at Kuala Lumpur air traffic control that the flight was in Cambodian airspace . It was not planned to enter that airspace . The Ho Chi Minh controller , apparently skeptical of the airline 's information , requested confirmation . When queried , the airline said it was able to "  exchange signals " with the flight . Apparently still unaware that something was amiss , at 2:35 a.m. , nearly an hour after last contact with air traffic control and more than 30 minutes after reporting the airplane to be in Cambodian airspace , the airline informed Kuala Lumpur air traffic control that the airplane was "  in normal condition based on signal download " and placed its position on course a few miles off eastern Vietnam . The report makes no mention of whether the airline attempted to contact the airplane directly through satellite calls or data-link messages . At 03:30 a.m. , almost an hour after the airline 's last report put the aircraft in normal condition east of Vietnam , its operations center reported the position was based on a prediction of the flight 's progress , not its actual position . Controllers expanded their contact attempts to include the Hong Kong and Beijing air traffic control centers , which also had no contact with the aircraft . Controllers do n't instantly sound the alarm when an airplane does n't call them as expected . Air traffic communications are not perfect in day-to-day operations , and the controller exchanges reflect that . A gap in radio coverage , a misdialed frequency and other everyday occurrences were good reason for the controllers not to react immediately . Controllers took the expected actions in attempting to reach the flight on various frequencies and by other aircraft . A transponder , too , occasionally fails , and air traffic control will ask an airplane 's crew to reset it , but radio contact is required to do so . There are three phases of alerts in an air rescue situation , based on international protocols : The uncertainty phase , when no communication is received for 30 minutes after it should have been ; the alert phase , when attempts to contact the crew or inquiries to other relevant sources have failed to reveal any information ; and the distress phase , when further inquiries have failed to provide any information or when fuel on board is considered to be exhausted . Clearly the misinformation provided by the airline that had controllers searching and attempting to contact the aircraft over much of Southeast Asia kept officials from realizing the airplane had never even reached the coast of Vietnam . That conclusion was not drawn until 5:20 a.m. , after which the watch supervisor at Kuala Lumpur air traffic control activated the distress protocol . By then the airplane was likely somewhere well out over the Indian Ocean . By then it had already been off air defense radar for hours , though it would take a replay of that data to see if it were ever on there in the first place . This scenario highlights some of the real-life difficulties associated with the current state of international air traffic control . We rely on electronic equipment on board the airplane reporting its position -- secondary radar  using transponders  and data-link communications . In remote oceanic areas , airplanes operate for many hours beyond any radar contact , where radio communication is also difficult . Position and voice transmissions are periodic , not constant . For the modern air traffic control system , the current technology works well nearly 100 % of the time . However , when the electronics fail for whatever reason -- and there are many possibilities -- we are left with nothing . In the case of Air France Flight 447 , controllers looking for contact with the aircraft and the airline had similar communications issues . The investigation of that disappearance revealed a surprising lack of coordination between air traffic control agencies , their inability to contact each other and clarity on who should be initiating emergency protocols when contact is lost . In that case , too , there were erroneous reports -- that the flight was OK and nearing Portugal airspace -- though this time from controllers . Air France had , just before then , become anxious about the error messages sent from the airplane -- which unbeknown to anyone had crashed more than four hours earlier north of Brazil . Many controllers and agencies were asking about the flight , but no one had triggered the uncertainty , alert and distress phases of the process . Details of these same processes in the Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 case remain unclear . The preliminary report on Flight 370 concludes with one safety recommendation : to examine the safety benefits of introducing a standard for real-time tracking of commercial air transport aircraft . Systems such as Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast -- essentially GPS -- currently offer that type of coverage over or near land , and Flight 370 was so equipped . However , over remote areas the problem is more complex and expensive , and it still depends on whether or not the equipment on the plane is working .	Bill Palmer : Report on Flight 370 adds a few new insights on communications snafus He says airline told controllers things were normal , delaying for hours attempts to find plane Palmer : Miscommunication for nearly four hours calls airline competence into question Palmer : Similar confusion in Air France 447 , but Malaysia officials still withholding info
Editor 's Note : The FBI had three openings on its list of the Ten Most Wanted Fugitives . Monday night , FBI Assistant Director Kevin Perkins joined CNN 's Rick Sanchez exclusively on "  Campbell Brown " to announce who filled the first open spot . Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to "  Campbell Brown " over the next two nights to find out who else will fill the slots . Officials say Joe Saenz is thought to be linked with Mexican drug cartels . CNN  -- Joe Saenz rubbed his hands together and smiled as he walked up to a Los Angeles County , California , home . His demeanor gave no clues as to what would happen next . Once in the front yard of the home , police said , he drew a gun and shot the victim several times , then in the head , execution-style . The slaying , caught on tape in October 2008 , was over drug money , police said . Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department Detective Traci Gonzales knew there were drug and gang ties to the slaying , so she showed the videotape to Los Angeles Police Department Detective Ron Chavarria , a veteran on the gang beat . Watch why Saenz made the list " At the time , Gonzales had no idea that videotape would break open a case that has frustrated local and federal authorities for a decade . Saenz had eluded authorities for so long , they thought he might be dead . Now , they knew Saenz , wanted in connection with four murders , a kidnapping and a rape , was still out there . Saenz is the newest person on the FBI 's Most Wanted List , after three fugitives on the list were recently caught . A member of the Cuatro Flats gang , Saenz first stepped into police crosshairs in 1998 . He was wanted for shooting and killing two rival gang members at a housing complex in the Hollenbeck area of Los Angeles . Then , he was a fresh-faced 22-year-old with a dark side . "  Just gruesome , gruesome , cold-blooded , " Chavarria said . "  Just walks right up to these guys , shoots them and then just walks over and stands over them and shoots them each in the head and casually walks away . " They knew he was dangerous , and they had to find him . "  We had pictures of him constantly on our dashboard so that there was no question if we saw this guy we knew who he was , " Chavarria said . Within days , Saenz -- also known as Jose Saenz , Louie Louie and more than two dozen other aliases -- was wanted for a third murder . Investigators said Saenz suspected the mother of his child , Sigreta Hernandez , would turn him in , so he kidnapped , raped and murdered her at his grandmother 's house . "  He leaves a note indicating that his grandmother has nothing to do with the murder and that he left the scene . And from that point on he became a fugitive for the next 10 years , " Gonzales said . FBI Special Agent Scott Garriola believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking -- crossing the border with falsified documents . "  He 's believed to be linked with the cartels in Mexico , bringing large amounts of narcotics into the Los Angeles area , Garriola said . "  And I think the reason for the last crime was a direct relationship to the cartels . " He 's eluded police for years , and has reportedly made statements that he plans to kill a police officer if they ever find him and arrest him , according to the FBI 's Most Wanted Web site . Now , authorities are hoping the video from October 2008 will help them get one step closer to the man who they say terrifies those who know him just as much as his victims . "  We heard rumors that not only citizens were afraid of him , but also his own gang members were afraid of him , " Chavarria said . The chilling video , Chavarria said , shows why Saenz is so dangerous . "  It looks like he really enjoys what he does , he enjoys killing people , " he said .	Joe Saenz wanted in connection with four murders , a kidnapping and a rape Saenz , a member of Cuatro Flats gang , reportedly kills man on video FBI believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking Saenz allegedly killed mother of his child out of fear she 'd turn him in
Julie Uhrman needed $ 950,000 from Kickstarter in less than a month to make her dream of an affordable , free-to-play gaming console a reality . She got it in eight hours -- and nearly $ 8 million more after that . "  It was the opposite of ` Field of Dreams , ' " said Uhrman , a gaming-industry veteran and former vice president at IGN . "  It was , if you come , we will build this . " And so was born Ouya , a $ 99 console that 's shaped like and is just a hair bigger than a Rubik 's Cube . It runs on Google 's Android operating system and requires developers to offer a version of their games for free . Kickstarter backers will be getting their Ouyas later this month and they 'll go on sale to everyone else in June . Speaking here at the South by Southwest Interactive festival , Uhrman said she got the idea for Ouya  pronounced OOO-yuh  in response to a video-game industry that to her had grown stale . No new consoles were announced at last year 's E3 gaming conference by the big three console makers  Nintendo , Microsoft and Sony  . In recent years , almost all the most hyped and popular games have been sequels . And the rise of mobile gaming has been limited , turning video gaming into a solitary exercise rather than the social one she remembered growing up . "  The TV is the best screen for playing games , " Uhrman said in an interview-style keynote with editor Joshua Topolsky of tech blog The Verge . "  I remember growing up , playing with my sister ... I feel like we 've lost that . I want to bring back the world of TV gaming . " For gamers , the strength of a console often boils down to the games they can play on it . To that end , Uhrman said 7,000 developers have signed up for Ouya accounts , from big publishers who create multi-million-selling titles like "  Halo " down to the smaller independents . The only requirement , she says , is that the game must be free or offer a free trial before the player has to buy it . How the game will make money -- whether it 's through ads , in-game purchases or sales after a free trial -- is up to the developer . "  You should n't have to pay so much money to try out a new game , " she said . "  We believe that every single game you should try before you buy . " During the hour-long interview , Topolsky pushed Uhrman on whether the Ouya , which will have 1GB of RAM and run on an Nvidia Tegra 3 chip , will be powerful enough to run the kind of immersive , expansive shooters that have made big gaming releases as lucrative as blockbuster movies . Her answer came in two parts . "  Yes , " she said . "  And why would we ? "  Those experiences are great on those devices . You would n't want to play those games anywhere else . But we are going to have exclusive games . ... We 're going to have inventive , creative , exciting content that no one else has . At $ 99 , it 's not an either-or decision . " Uhrman said some top developers will be reworking popular titles for the Ouya . Others , some of whom have never made games before using Android , are crafting new titles , she said . "  We 're going to have our version of those games , but it 's going to be different , " she said . "  We will have a first-person shooter ... game that you are going to want to play for hours on end . " Ouya also has partnered with game-streaming site OnLive , meaning that some graphic-intensive games could be playable on the device via the cloud . Throughout its development , Ouya has been open to its public , inviting them to help make suggestions . When backers pointed out on Reddit that the color-coded buttons on the console 's controller were no good for color-blind players , Ouya replaced them , making the four buttons correspond with the O , U , Y and A in its name . An Ethernet port was added when some backers outside the United States said they had no access to Wi-Fi , and a USB port was added for the "  hardest of the hardcore " players who will want to store more games than the console can handle . Increasingly , gaming consoles are becoming all-in-one entertainment hubs for the living room , and Ouya will try to compete in that arena as well . The company already has partnerships with Flickster and Vevo and is in talks with major players like Netflix , Amazon , Hulu and Google . "  We 're pretty confident we 're going to have  that content  at launch or close to launch , " Uhrman said . Between now and then , she 'll be focusing on two goals . "  We want you to love it , " she said . "  And we want it to work . "	Ouya is a $ 99 gaming console that will require all games be offered for free The console , which runs on Google 's Android system , raised $ 8.6 million on Kickstarter Founder Julie Uhrman says she wants gaming on TV to be social , fun again Kickstarter backers get Ouyas late this month ; it 's on sale to everyone in June
CNN  -- Bahrain security forces fired tear gas and rubber bullets at protesters in the southern city of Sitra on Tuesday , killing at least two protesters and wounding at least 150 people , according to medical officials on the scene Tuesday . "  They are killing everybody , " one official said . "  They attacked us -- even medical personnel . " The man , who asked to be identified only as a medical official for fear of reprisals , said he was riding with patients in an ambulance as he spoke . "  Even in this ambulance that is marked as an ambulance , they shot at it , " he said . "  We had to get on the floor of the ambulance . We are not safe even transferring injured patients . " Although troops Saudi Arabia and other member states in the Gulf Cooperation Council are in Bahrain , there have been no reports of those soldiers being involved in the Sitra clashes . A Saudi soldier was killed in Bahrain on Tuesday , a Saudi official said . The United States issued a statement calling for "  calm and restraint on all sides " and urging a political solution through dialogue , not a military solution . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , now in Cairo , Egypt , expressed "  deep concern " about Bahrain in a conversation with Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud on Tuesday , a senior State Department official said . Clinton later said it was important for all parties to promote dialogue instead of violence . "  You ca n't solve this problem by just trying to bring security to bear . You have to have a political solution , " she said . Bahrain 's King Hamad has imposed a three-month state of emergency in the island nation , effective Tuesday , according to the state news agency . The moves comes amid uncertainty in Bahrain after foreign troops arrived to help the government quell weeks-long protests in the Persian Gulf kingdom . Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates sent troops Monday to "  protect the safety of citizens , " the Bahraini government said . The troops arrived under the banner of the Gulf Cooperation Council . But some in the capital city said Tuesday that they did not need the added protection . "  We do n't understand why these troops are coming in , " said a 28-year-old blogger in Manama . "  We have an army and police . We do not need troops from other places . Opposition leaders have called this an invasion . An act of war . " The blogger also said he did not want to be named because of fears of retribution . One Saudi soldier , an under-sergeant , was killed in Bahrain on Tuesday , a Saudi official said . The cause of the death was not immediately released . Separately , a Bahraini police officer was killed in Sitra . A man from the town of Hidd , who wanted to be identified only by his first name , said he feared that the troops would just inflame the already tense standoff . "  I really hope things work , but I do n't think foreign troops will solve anything , " Abdulrahim said . "  It will probably lead to more violence . " But a 25-year-old banker from Manama said she welcomed the presence . "  It gives us peace , " the woman said . "  Maybe these protests will finally end . These protesters say they are peaceful , but I have seen them carrying sticks and knives . They are blocking the streets so we can not get to work . They are criminals and this has gone on for too long . " The protests , which started February 14 , are part of a series of demonstrations that have swept across the Arab world this year , toppling the leaders of Tunisia and Egypt . But it was not clear whether any other country had taken the step of calling in foreign troops for help . "  Temporarily , it should calm the situation , " said Simon Henderson , director of the Gulf and energy policy program at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . He noted that the Obama administration has been urging political dialogue but said Monday 's move was not what the U.S. president meant . "  Sending in Saudi forces is hardly encouraging political dialogue , " Henderson said . "  The great danger is , it will actually worsen the situation by encouraging Iran to get involved . Not militarily , probably , but certainly diplomatically and rhetorically . " The movement of forces came on the same day that protesters seized control of a key part of the capital city , Manama , a Human Rights Watch official said . Medical officials said that at least 36 people were injured in clashes Monday , many of them wounded by projectiles from pellet guns . The Bahrain Financial Harbour was still shut down Tuesday morning , said Faraz Sanei , a researcher with the group . But the extra troops were not visible in the city . "  There are areas of the city that are being controlled by vigilante groups armed with sticks and batons . The patrols seem to be sectarian , " he said . "  Any time civilians take up arms and take matters into their own hands or threaten violence it is of great concern , " regardless of their political affiliation , Sanei said . It was not clear how many foreign security troops had entered Bahrain in total . Various parts of the Bahraini government referred questions to other government offices on Monday . A witness said dozens of armored vehicles and buses full of soldiers crossed Monday afternoon from Saudi Arabia into Bahrain afternoon via the causeway linking the two countries . The Gulf Cooperation Council comprises six Gulf states -- Bahrain , Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , the United Arab Emirates , Oman and Qatar -- and encourages cooperation among members in a number of areas , including the economy and security . The nation 's independent bloc of lawmakers called on Bahrain security forces to intervene to protect national security and stability , the Bahrain News Agency reported Sunday . The bloc is composed of the 22 pro-government members of the lower house of the legislature . "  Extremist movements are resorting to escalation and sectarian mobilization , which led to an unprecedented disruption of security and hostile sectarian polarization at health and educational institutions , " the group said in a statement . On Sunday , clashes between protesters and security forces resulted in the hospitalization of more than 1,000 people , human rights activists said . The unrest prompted the U.S. State Department to warn Americans to consider leaving the island nation . The United Kingdom , too , has urged its residents not to travel there . "  One thing is clear : There is no military solution to the problems in Bahrain , " White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said . "  A political solution is necessary , and all sides must now work to produce a dialogue that addresses the needs of all of Bahrain 's citizens . " U.S. Ambassador Jeffrey Feltman is "  working the issue aggressively on the ground as we speak , " the White House said . Last month , U.S. President Barack Obama welcomed plans by King Hamad to make changes to his Cabinet and proceed with reforms . But a few days ago , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates cautioned that "  baby steps " would not be sufficient to meet protesters ' demands . Bahrain is the key banking and financial center in the Gulf . It also plays a crucial role in U.S. defense interests in the region . The U.S. Fifth Fleet is headquartered in Bahrain , and Bahrain is the only Arab state to have led one of the coalition task forces that patrol the Persian Gulf . U.S. military access to Bahrain also supports operations in Iraq . An underlying concern in this issue is that Iran , an overwhelmingly Shiite state , could seize the opportunity to meddle in Bahrain 's internal affairs . Bahrain has a Shiite Muslim majority population , but its rulers are Sunni Muslims . On Tuesday , an Iranian Foreign Ministry official criticized the arrival of Saudi troops as an "  invasion , " Iran 's Press TV reported Monday . Saudi Arabia 's eastern province is home not only to many of the country 's rich oil fields but to its largest concentration of minority Shiites as well . In recent weeks , Shiite demonstrators there have protested the Saudi government , whose leaders are overwhelmingly Sunni . The Saudi government would presumably be concerned that any uprising by Shiite Muslims in Bahrain could inspire the Shiite population in nearby Saudi Arabia to follow suit . During protests in Bahrain , moderates have been demanding a constitutional monarchy , and hard-liners have called for the abolition of the royal family altogether . But pro-government members of parliament have asked King Hamad to enforce a curfew and deploy security forces across the country , saying the protesters ' motives are far more sinister . "  What we are witnessing in Manama is no peaceful protest , " Bahrain 's Foreign Minister Khalid al-Khalifa said on Twitter . "  It 's  a  wanton , gangster-style takeover of people 's lives . " CNN 's Lateef Mungin , Jenifer Fenton and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Clinton says there is no military solution to Bahrain 's unrest King imposes three-month state of emergency in Bahrain "  They attacked us -- even medical personnel , " medical official says A Saudi soldier was killed , official says
North Korea has arrested a U.S. citizen for committing an unspecified crime against the country , state media reported Friday , 10 days after U.S. officials said an American had been detained by the reclusive nation . Bae Jun Ho entered North Korea on November 3 to carry out a tour , the country 's official Korean Central News Agency , or KCNA , reported . He was detained and evidence was uncovered proving that he had committed a crime against the country , the news agency said . The American then confessed to the offense , it said , and faces legal action . A U.S. official told CNN last week that an American citizen named Kenneth Bae had been detained in North Korea for more than a month . The U.S. official said Bae had made several trips to North Korea previously , and that he was not believed to have been mistreated in detention . Neither Washington nor Seoul has yet confirmed that Bae is the same man referred to by North Korean state media . His detention was first reported by South Korean newspapers , which said that Bae , a tour operator , entered North Korea at the port city of Rajin accompanied by five other tourists . Bae and the group were on a five-day trip to the country , according to South Korea 's Yonhap News . One of the tour members was carrying a computer hard disk "  that apparently contained sensitive information , " Yonhap News reported , citing a Korean-language paper . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said last week that the United States was aware of the reports of Bae 's detention , but that it would not discuss the issue further because of privacy issues . "  We obviously have no higher priority than the welfare of our citizens . As you may know we have no representation in Pyongyang . The Embassy of Sweden acts as our protecting power for issues involving U.S. citizens in North Korea , " Nuland said then . Consular officials from the Swedish Embassy visited Bae on Friday , KCNA said . The United States and North Korea do not have diplomatic relations .	U.S. officials said last week that an American had been detained in North Korea Bae Jun Ho is accused of committing a crime against North Korea , state media says He entered North Korea on November 3 to carry out a tour , it reports The United States and North Korea do not have diplomatic relations
Emerging from an ambulance Wednesday , six-time Olympic gold medalist Amy Van Dyken-Rouen smiled and even cracked jokes . As she addressed the media at a press conference , the champion swimmer and radio sports talk show host described her recent experiences and attitude with words like "  awesome , " "  thankful " and "  amazing . " Why ? Because she almost was n't here at all . Less than two weeks ago , Van Dyken-Rouen 's spinal cord was severed in an ATV accident in Arizona . Her injuries were so severe that she and her husband , former NFL punter Tom Rouen , were told to say their last goodbyes as she was rushed into emergency surgery . Van Dyken-Rouen has no memory of the June 6 accident . She remembers only riding the ATV to dinner in the eastern Arizona town of Show Low , then waking up to doctors and bright lights . Her husband found her face-down in water , not breathing . Now , the 41-year-old says with conviction , "  Every day you take a breath is a blessing . " Fighting back tears , she admitted it is n't easy . "  I have my bad days . " She 's paralyzed from the waist down and copes with daily pain and grueling physical therapy -- but she 's not complaining . "  You can get through anything as long as you have a positive attitude , " she said . Her fans and friends keep up with her on Twitter  @amyvandyken  to hear about her journey -- the good days and the bad . She says it 's been the "  thoughts , prayers and positive vibes " that have kept her going . What 's next for Van Dyken-Rouen ? She says she 's excited to start her new life -- a "  rebirth , " as she calls it . She is headed next to Colorado , where both her and her husband 's families live , to continue her physical therapy . She said the rigorous training she has undergone as an elite athlete has helped with the healing process . She said she intends to "  get the coolest wheelchair , rock it out and make my hair to match . " Van Dyken-Rouen said her dad , who suffers from a form of leukemia , also has a wheelchair , so she already has a racing partner in mind . Van Dyken-Rouen won four gold medals in the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta : in the 50-meter freestyle , the 100 butterfly and the 4x100 freestyle and medley relays . In the 2000 Olympics in Sydney , she was on the winning 4x100 medley and freestyle relay teams again . She was inducted into the U.S. Olympic Hall of Fame in 2008 .	Olympian Amy Van Dyken-Rouen was left paralyzed after a June 6 ATV accident Gold medalist swimmer calls new life a "  rebirth , " but "  I have my bad days , " she admits Thoughts , prayers and "  positive vibes " have kept her going , she says She is headed next to Colorado to continue her physical therapy
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry will not use the term war to describe Washington 's impending military action against the jihadist group ISIS in Syria and Iraq , but others in the Obama administration are n't shying away from the word . What 's in a name ? On Wednesday night , the war-stopping , Nobel Peace Prize-winning President used a nationally televised address to announce a plan to "  dismantle and ultimately destroy " the Sunni jihadists who have taunted America by beheading two captive U.S. journalists . "  We will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country , wherever they are , " he said . "  That means I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria , as well as Iraq . " The administration , of course , prefers the term ISIL while many others go with ISIS , but that 's another story . The seeds of uncertainly over what to call the ISIS-ISIL campaign were planted by Kerry on Thursday , who told CNN in an interview that the United States was not at war with ISIS , saying the administration 's strategy includes "  many different things that one does n't think of normally in context of war . " "  What we are doing is engaging in a very significant counterterrorism operation , " Kerry told CNN 's Elise Labott in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia . "  It 's going to go on for some period of time . If somebody wants to think about it as being a war with ISIL , they can do so , but the fact is it 's a major counterterrorism operation that will have many different moving parts . " On Thursday , Deputy State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf sought to clarify the lexicon of the anti-ISIS campaign . "  Well , I know there has been a lot of questions about what words we use but as the president said the other night this is a very different campaign from the Iraq War , the last time we used that term , " she said . "  It will not involve American combat troops fighting on foreign soil . We utilize our air superiority and support for partner forces on the ground . " Instead , she calls the action "  a steady , relentless counterterrorism campaign to take out ISIL wherever they exist . " "  This is not also America 's war with ISIL , " she added . "  The world is joining us in the fight because of the threat they pose to countries in the regions . So we are at war with ISIL in the same way we are at war with al Qaeda and its affiliates around the world . " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest on Friday said it was ISIL that had "  indicated that they are ready to go to war against the world and this president , as is expected of American presidents , is stepping up to lead an international coalition to confront that threat . " He added , "  Ultimately , this international coalition will be responsible for degrading and destroying ISIL . So I think what you can conclude from this is the United States is at war with ISIL the same way that we are at war with al Qaeda and al Qaeda affiliates all around the globe . " The Pentagon had a similar take . The United States is at war with ISIL "  in the same way we 're at war and continue to be at war with al Qaeda and its affiliates , " press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said . "  There 's not going to be a purely military solution to the threat that ISIL poses in the region , specifically inside Iraq , " Kirby said . "  There 's not going to be a military solution here . "	John Kerry will not use the term war to describe Washington 's impending military action Others in the Obama administration are describing it as war , in a certain way State Department spokeswoman : "  It will not involve American combat troops fighting on foreign soil "
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- A vicious turf war between drug cartels and Mexican authorities that has left as many as 4,300 dead so far this year may have caused a breach in the internal security systems of Interpol , the international police organization . A member of the Federal Investigative Agency participates in an narcotics operation . Interpol , which is based in France , announced Wednesday it is sending a team of investigators to Mexico to investigate the possibility that its communications systems and databases are not being used for legitimate law enforcement purposes . The prospect was raised after the arrest of the top official working with the agency in the country . Ricardo Gutierrez Vargas , director for International Police Affairs at Mexico 's Federal Investigative Agency and the head of Mexico 's Interpol office , was placed under house arrest Sunday , the attorney general 's office said Tuesday . More than 30 officials have been arrested since July in connection with the anti-corruption Operation Limpieza , an ongoing investigation into information leaks by law enforcement officials to drug traffickers , said Niverda Amado , a government press secretary in Mexico City . Gutierrez can be held for up to 40 days while authorities "  obtain sufficient evidence to determine his probable responsibility , " the attorney general 's office said in a news release . Rodolfo de la Guardia Garcia , a former top official at the Federal Investigative Agency , also is under 40-day house arrest . He was arrested October 29 . Mexico 's Interpol office , or National Central Bureau , is staffed and run by the Federal Investigative Agency . Mexican officials did not offer specifics on their investigation other than to say that Operation Limpieza , which means "  Operation Cleanup , " is aimed "  against public servants who give reserved information to people not authorized to have it . " Interpol said in a news release Wednesday it needs to make sure the agency 's information remains secure . "  As Mexico 's attorney general 's office has a duty to ensure that Interpol 's communications system and databases are being used for legitimate law enforcement purposes and in compliance with Interpol 's rules , Interpol is immediately dispatching a team of general secretariat staff to Mexico , " Interpol said . "  The purpose of their mission is to meet with relevant Mexican authorities in order to establish if there are any allegations of improper use of Interpol 's systems by any Mexican law enforcement official . " After the investigation , Interpol said , the agency will determine whether proper security steps have been taken . "  An assessment can then be made of the procedures put in place by the attorney general 's office , which is responsible for the Interpol office in Mexico , to ensure that Interpol 's rules and regulations are being followed , " the agency said . The arrests came amid "  a war of master proportions " between authorities and narcotics traffickers that has left more than 4,300 dead so far this year , according to the Council on Hemispheric Affairs , an independent research and information organization . By comparison , the council said in a report Tuesday , there were 2,700 drug-related deaths in 2007 . "  Homegrown drug cartels operating from both within and outside the country are engaging in a vicious turf war to seize control of major trafficking corridors while engaging in almost open warfare against the mobilized forces of the state , " the council says about what it calls "  narco-fueled crime . " Mexican leaders have been trying to tamp down the violence by tightening controls on money-laundering and cracking down on corruption among local and municipal police forces infiltrated by drug traffickers . It may not be enough . "  Due to pervasive corruption at the highest levels of the Mexican government , and the almost effortless infiltration of the porous security forces by the cartel , an ultimate victory by the state is far from certain , " the Hemispheric Council concludes . Drug trafficking in Mexico is a $ 20 billion - to $ 50 billion-a-year industry , as much as the nation earns from tourism or remittances from Mexicans living in the United States , said Robert Pastor , a former national security adviser to President Jimmy Carter and now a professor of international relations at American University in Washington . He has been studying Latin America for more than four decades . "  This is a huge industry with an extraordinary capacity to corrupt and intimidate the country . And they 're doing both right now , " said Pastor , also a former director of the Carter Center 's Latin American and Caribbean Program . The drug cartels are paying some Mexican officials bribes of $ 150,000 to $ 450,000 a month , authorities have said . The payment is far beyond the per capita income of $ 12,500 a year in Mexico , where one of every seven Mexicans lives in poverty , according to the CIA World Factbook . Pastor believes that Mexican President Felipe Calderon , who took office in December 2006 , made a correct assessment that he needs to fight the drug cartels as hard as he can . "  You have to obviously escalate the cost of violating the law , " he said . The United States also could help more , he said . "  There are 7,600 gun shops within 50 miles of the Mexican border , and they 're selling primarily to drug lords , " Pastor said . "  We are part of this problem and we have n't been significantly supportive . " And while the war may never be completely won , the government can make vast gains , as happened in Colombia , he said . Pastor was in Mexico giving a speech last week when Colombian President Alvaro Uribe met with Mexico 's Calderon . Mexicans were quite taken with Uribe 's message on how to fight drug traffickers , Pastor said . The first step that Uribe took , he said , was to take the fight to the paramilitary forces , the drug traffickers and the leftist guerrillas known as FARC , who often work in collaboration with the traffickers . Also , Pastor said , Colombian officials "  used money the same way that the narcotraffickers do -- to bribe people . And there 's a lot more security on the streets and everywhere else , so people feel safer . " Despite the gains , he said , the ultimate answer may have to come from the political arena , not from law enforcement . "  There 's no easy solution to it unless you put an end to the criminalization drugs , and that 's not going to happen , " Pastor said . CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	NEW : Interpol sending team to Mexico to check if sensitive info compromised Ricardo Gutierrez Vargas detained under Mexico 's "  Operation Cleanup " Gutierrez Vargas is head of Interpol operation in Mexico Previous "  Cleanup " arrests have involved charges of selling info to drug cartels
One of the world 's greatest fashion designers , Yohji Yamamoto has helped blaze a trail for Asia over the last three decades . Yohji Yamamoto brought masculine styles to the catwalk , rejecting traditional ideas of sexiness . He brought geometric minimalism to the catwalk in the late 1970 's while other designers focused on flamboyance , and if his name and clothing has become a brand over the last 30 years , for the man himself , it is always "  creation first " . "  I had no intention of working in the mainstream and I 've stated my objection against the main currents of fashion for the last 27 years , " he told Anjali Rao . His firm standpoint on style , and his designs , has brought popularity with an international chain of clothing outlets and the courting of celebrities and companies -- he designed Elton John 's wardrobe for his latest world tour and has collaborated with Adidas to produce the Y-3 street wear range . Talk Asia toured one of his ateliers and showrooms in Tokyo , before moving to Paris for Fashion Week , where Yamamoto opened the doors to a model-casting session for the first time . While successful , his design house is far removed from the mega-brands of some labels such as Dior or Gucci , and he has stuck to his ethos throughout . "  I have no intention to deal with a market first and put my creation into it . I create my clothes at will and that will change the market -- that 's what I hope to see . "  Independent fashion houses are in an extreme minority . Most fashion makers have to sell accessories , there are only one or two or three that are successful just selling clothes . This is the era that clothes can not sell . " Known for his distinctive black , minimalist style , he discussed how he perceives his own impact on fashion and his unique philosophy : "  Civilized humans must wear monochrome . There is a minimum etiquette of fashion that you must not upset other people 's vision . It is wrong to think that standing out is a good thing . " "  I prefer to be behind the scenes -- that to me is a fashion designer . " And behind the scenes , Yamamoto practices karate to relax -- at black belt level , or course -- and recreating action through his designs . "  I 'm very much interested in cutting , making forms , silhouettes , making motion ; that 's why I forget the color . "	Yohji Yamamoto is known for his distinctive black , minimalist style He has been a leading fashion designer over the last three decades He opens the doors to a model-casting session for the first time
London  CNN  -- Until last year , James Murdoch was widely regarded as heir-apparent to his father Rupert 's global News Corp. media empire -- a remarkable turnaround for a college dropout once viewed as the family 's black sheep . But that aspiration took a hit following revelations that -- while he was boss of News Corp. . Europe and Asia -- the group 's British Sunday tabloid the News of the World eavesdropped illegally on politicians , celebrities , army veterans and even a teenaged murder victim in search of stories . The scandal has exposed collusion between journalists , media groups , politicians and police , claiming the jobs of top police officers , newspaper executives and Prime Minister David Cameron 's spokesman , while dozens of people have been arrested . Despite his insistence , in his testimony to the Leveson inquiry investigating the matter , that he knew little of the scale of the hacking by News of the World employees , James Murdoch has also paid a price professionally . In February he resigned as executive chairman of the British newspaper division ; in April he stepped down as chairman of News Corp. 's UK-based broadcasting arm BSkyB , and subsequently relocated to the United States . Murdoch , 39 , said he was resigning to try to shield the satellite broadcaster from fallout from the newspaper scandal . "  I believe that my resignation will help to ensure that there is no false conflation with events at a separate organization , " he said Yet despite his corporate leadership having been heavily criticized by UK media regulator Ofcom -- which found his actions in relation to the hacking scandal "  repeatedly fell short of the conduct to be expected of him as a chief executive officer and chairman " -- Murdoch may have suffered only a momentary career setback . In September , UK media reported that he was set to take over the running of Fox Networks , prompting angry responses from News Corp shareholders . One shareholder quoted in a UK newspaper called the news a "  slap in the face for shareholders , not to mention victims of the hacking scandal . " As its deputy chief operating officer and head of international operations , Murdoch was the third most senior figure at News Corp. , wielding considerable influence through the stable of newspaper titles at his command . Murdoch finally succumbed to the turmoil that for a time threatened to engulf the entire company , even after it stepped away from a controversial bid to acquire full control of its UK-based broadcasting arm , ending any possibility of him succeeding his father at the helm of one of the most powerful media empires in the world . James Murdoch 's close links to the papers at the heart of the phone-hacking scandal were pivotal . It was he who announced the closure of the News of the World amid public fury about the paper 's tactics . He always denied being aware of the phone-hacking activities -- although he did authorize payments to appease victims . In evidence to a UK parliamentary hearing in July 2011 , Murdoch said he could not recall seeing a key document known as the "  for Neville " e-mail . It implied that the practice was being conducted by more than one journalist , but this statement was directly contradicted by two of the company 's senior employees and may be the focus of fresh questioning . Days after his appearance , Cameron said Murdoch had "  questions to answer in parliament " over his evidence . It was another intriguing chapter in a varied career to date . The third child from his father 's second marriage , Murdoch once appeared to be the least likely of the media tycoon 's offspring to succeed , despite his evident intelligence . Born in London , but raised in New York , he attended Harvard University , where he studied film and animation before dropping out in the mid-1990s to help launch a hip-hop music label , Rawkus Records . It was n't long before Murdoch was brought into the family business . Rawkus was eventually bought by News Corp. and in 1996 Murdoch was persuaded to take over the company 's nascent internet operations , with mixed results . By 2000 Murdoch was in charge of News Corp 's Asian satellite business , Star TV , where he appeared to find his feet . In 2003 he took over its UK-based sister operation , Sky , quickly dispelling doubts about his business acumen by meeting ambitious profit targets . Murdoch continued to rise through the ranks , taking on his News Corp executive roles in 2007 . At the time , Rupert Murdoch described his son as a "  talented and proven executive with a rare blend of international perspective and deep hands-on experience . " His new position handed him overall control of News International , an umbrella company that includes the Sun newspaper , the Times and the defunct News of the World -- the paper whose activities triggered the current UK media crisis . Although regularly cited as one of the most influential figures in Britain , Murdoch 's political allegiances have never been clear . A 2007 profile in the Observer newspaper said Murdoch was "  unimpressed " by then opposition leader Cameron . The Telegraph , meanwhile , described him as a "  close confidant " of Cameron . Murdoch himself told the Financial Times in 2007 : "  I do n't comment on politics . " Murdoch , who has two children with wife Kathryn Hufschmid , is said to be a black belt in karate . He is also proficient at corporate combat . In 2006 he steered BSkyB into the acquisition of a 17.9 % stake in UK broadcaster ITN , blocking a rival move by Virgin Media . But it was his and News Corp. 's plans to acquire full ownership of BSkyB that put them on a collision course with British lawmakers in the wake of the phone hacking scandal , with the company eventually deciding to back down under government pressure .	James Murdoch once regarded as heir-apparent to father Rupert 's News Corp. empire Now that dream is in disarray after accusations of illegal phone-hacking under his watch James and Rupert Murdoch appearing before Leveson Inquiry into journalistic ethics Murdoch , 39 , dropped out of Harvard to start a hip-hop record label
CNN  -- British police are investigating the death of a man who was found unconscious at a soccer match on Saturday . A 30-year-old , who has not yet been named , died in hospital in the early hours of Sunday morning following Stoke City 's Premier League match at home to Blackburn Rovers . He was treated at the Britannia Stadium for a head injury and cardiac arrest before being taken to the University Hospital of North Staffordshire , Stoke 's Web site reported . "  A 30-year-old man was pronounced dead at 1.55 a.m. this morning , " Staffordshire Police said in a statement on Sunday . "  The circumstances are being fully investigated and a 25-year-old man remains in custody and is helping police with their inquiries . " Stoke 's Web site reported that the dead man was one of 1,300 Blackburn supporters to attend the match , which City won 3-0 . He was found on the concourse of the stadium 's SEAT stand at about 4 p.m. during the halftime break . "  This is the tragic loss of a young man . Our thoughts and deepest sympathies go to his family , " Stoke 's chief executive Tony Scholes said . Blackburn also released a statement of condolence to the man 's family .	British police investigating death of man who found unconscious at a soccer match A 30-year-old man died in hospital in the early hours of Sunday morning He was found collapsed in a stand at halftime in match between Stoke and Blackburn Stoke report that he was treated at the scene for a head injury and cardiac arrest
CNN  -- Heavy rains that began early in January in northern central Namibia have reached staggering proportions , with 80 people drowned and half a million others affected directly or indirectly , officials said . President Hifikepunye Pohamba declared a national emergency in all six northern regions on March 28 . The affected region is in the Cuvelai Basin , which drains southern Angola via a complex of streams that typically result in an annual flood called the efundja , which is named for the fish that spawn in spring . This year 's efundja has resulted in the wettest year since systematic measurements started in 1891 , with rainfall in affected areas nearly double the normal average . Government figures cite 263 school closures , with a total of 320 affected , leaving 114,000 schoolchildren shut out of their classrooms . Up to 40 health clinics are under water , and more than 100 health mobile outreach points have been made inaccessible as a result of damage to roads and bridges , according to the World Health Organization . In addition , roads , bridges , homes and staple crops in all six northern and northeastern regions in Namibia have been destroyed , according to UNICEF . They represent some of the country 's poorest areas . The Red Cross Society of Namibia estimates that 500,000 people have been affected , with the densely populated central-northern regions -- Omusati , Oshona and Ohangwena -- hit worst . But other areas are also threatened , as rivers -- including the Zambezi -- drain southern and central Angola . Forecasters predict areas like Caprivi , which is about 500 kilometers  310 miles  east , may experience more flooding by next week . About 40,000 people have been displaced , some 10,000 of whom have been accommodated in 68 camps set up by the government , officials said . The death toll is expected to rise as water-borne diseases , mainly malaria , are predicted to spread . The Red Cross and the U.N. 's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs are appealing for help , and the U.S. government and some European countries have made donations . OCHA said in its southern Africa flood and cyclone report , published Wednesday , that 2011 marks the third consecutive year of heavy rains in the region . The result is that the water table has risen and that "  flood water levels are unlikely to recede for the next three to six months . " More rain is expected . Journalist John Grobler contributed to this report .	80 people reported drowned ; death toll expected to rise as diseases spread 40,000 people have been displaced ; roads , bridges , homes , crops destroyed Flooding has closed schools , cut off access to health facilities Namibian president has declared a national emergency
Fossil fuels are going to run out . This much we know . No one is entirely certain when they will run out exactly , but we know it will happen eventually . Some estimates suggest we have about 70 years of coal , gas and oil left ; the fossil fuel industry itself insists that we have significantly longer . But everyone agrees they will run out in due course . So how will the world be powered when we ca n't rely anymore on fossil fuels ? Why with volcanoes , waves , wet wood and solar power from space . To compensate for the decline of traditional energy sources , researchers around the world are developing innovative new technologies that -- between them -- may provide a long-term solution to our rapidly growing energy needs . Some are familiar , some may seem far-fetched , and some could potentially pose as much of a threat to the environment as fossil fuels themselves . CNN takes a look through some of the more interesting and unusual energy technologies currently under development . Solar energy from space The idea of collecting solar power from space has been under consideration since the 1970s . Putting solar panels into orbit offers a few obvious advantages over regular solar power such as not having to deal with atmospheric interventions  cloud cover and atmospheric gasses  and not losing any productivity at night . In the past , trying to get a power plant to the edge of the Earth 's atmosphere seemed deeply unlikely . But John Mankins , a former NASA engineer now with the Artemis Group has been working on a project that he believes will make such an audacious idea simple : "  The basic concept of the Solar Power Satellite  SPS  is to deploy a large platform in space near Earth , " Makins says , "  typically in a high orbit where the sun shines almost constantly , where it would harvest sunlight , convert it into electricity and then transmit it to receivers on Earth for use . " Read more : Can Africa unlock its solar potential ? Some have suggested that lasers could be used to transmit the energy from space . Mankins says that in his view this is possible , but potentially dangerous  "  think about the Death Star " he said ominously in an interview with Motherboard  . Instead his project aims to use low-intensity microwave transmitters , which he believes will be safer . Mankins says that the energy yield from a solar power satellite could be significant , potentially delivering up to 1,000-2 ,000 MW of power to the Earth . To put it into perspective , he says "  a typical home in the U.S. requires about 4-5 kW of power , or about 100 kW-hours per day , or about 3,000 kW-hours per month , or about 36,000 kW-hours per year . So a single SPS ... would -- for example - deliver power / energy for roughly 240,000-480 ,000 homes . " Some critics say the project would be prohibitively expensive or that getting something so large into space presents challenges . Others note that the energy yield is still not high enough to make the project worthwhile . Still , the fact that it is being considered by NASA lends it significant weight . So perhaps it is not so out of this world after all . Mining volcanoes for power Last year , work began on a new plan to extract heat from the hot rocks that lie under and around volcanoes . By injecting water into cracks in the ground , researchers hope that they may be able to create steam to power subterranean electricity turbines . Two companies , AltaRock Energy and Davenport Newberry , were granted permission to test this procedure in the land around the Newberry Volcano in Oregon , in a process that critics argue is not dissimilar to the controversial technique of hydraulic fracturing . Read more : Nuclear fusion is the ` perfect energy source ' Over the past 12 months hydraulic fracturing or fracking has been the subject of protests around the world , but in fact it has been around since the 1960s . The CEO of AltaRock , Susan Petty , said in a company blog post that "  creating multiple reservoirs from a single injection multiplies the amount of energy that can be extracted from each production well , " and will "  extend the life of the well and increase the energy recovery from each well , significantly improving the economics of enhanced geothermal system power generation . " But fracking is known to potentially generate earthquakes , and -- as noted by Wired magazine -- practicing a similar technique beneath a volcano that the U.S. Geological Survey says "  is certain to erupt again " seems an odd choice . Whether the technique can yield significant energy return , and be conducted safely is still a matter of debate as heated as the Newberry volcano itself . Wave energy Wave energy is already being used across the world . Billions of dollars have been invested in the technology and the world 's first "  wave farm " opened near Porto in Portugal in 2008 . At the European Marine Energy Center in Orkney , Scotland , the world 's biggest wave farm was approved for construction earlier this year . The 40MW farm off the north-west coast of Lewis promises to deliver enough energy to power nearly 30,000 homes . Wave farms deploy massive buoys to turn the motion of waves into power . Aquamarine Power the company running the project in Orkney , says that its huge yellow buoys have "  a maximum generating capacity of 800kW . " The bright yellow machines measures 26 meters across and are installed at a depth of around 13 meters , around 500 meters from the shore . The advantages of wave power are similar to those of wind -- the waves are free -- but there are some additional benefits . In particular , it 's easier to forecast wave energy output , because waves are driven by wind , but do n't vary as rapidly ; they build up more slowly and dissipate more gradually . That makes the energy from waves more predictable than that from wind or solar , which means that it is easier to integrate into the power grid . At present the UK is the world leader in the technology , with the U.S. , Portugal and France also significant players . Pocket particle accelerators Researchers working in a laboratory in Daresbury , UK believe that their pint-sized particle accelerator -- like the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland but much smaller -- could offer a genuine alternative to fossil fuels . Powered by thorium , a naturally occurring radioactive substance , the small scale collider could generate significant amounts of energy . The Mail on Sunday estimates that just one ton of thorium could "  produce as much energy as 200 tons of uranium , or 3.5 million tons of coal . " "  The idea of thorium reactors is one that is under a lot of discussion these days ; clearly the physics will work , " says Mankins . But he notes that there are always hazards in using nuclear material . "  Even though it certainly would be safer than past nuclear reactor approaches , it seems likely to me that governments are not going to want a lot of radioactive material on the highways . " Wet leaves and damp wood Biomass power involves the breakdown of biological material -- such as leaves and wood -- to produce gasses like hydrogen and methane , which in turn can be burned . The problem with some existing biomass power plants is that they need the biological materials to be dry . Jens Dall Bentzen , a Danish inventor , has come up with a new type of biomass furnace that can trap moisture from damp materials and export it as hot water . Dall Benson believes this could allow his new furnace to generate up to 30 % more energy . Read more : Solar power when the sun has set "  What 's unique about biomass , " says Dall Bentzen , " is that you can store it . You never really know when the wind is blowing . With biomass we have the control to use it when we need it . " "  Wind is the resource we have most of in Denmark , " Danish Climate and Energy Minister Martin Lindegaard told CNN , "  and we need biomass and biogas to have the back up for when the wind stops blowing . " Critics argue that burning biomass contributes carbon dioxide to the atmosphere , but its proponents suggest that such damage can be offset by growing crops specifically to be burned . A viable alternative ? One of the most substantial indicators of the viability of alternative energies can be seen in the growth in investment from venture capitalists and other private investors . William McDowall , from the University College London Energy Institute , notes that venture capital investments in clean energy went from less than $ 100 million a year in the late 1990s to over $ 10 billion a year in 2011 . "  In the year 2000 , most alternative energy technologies were considered niche options that might one day show promise -- now they 're multi-billion dollar industries , significant enough to precipitate serious trade disputes between the US , EU and China , " McDowall says . Government investment has shown a similar pattern , but significant public and private sector research money is still going into fossil fuels . New extraction and processing technologies for coal , oil and gas are still the main focus of private sector research and development . However many experts , McDowall included , believe that this may change by 2025 when alternative energies could finally stop being regarded as "  alternative . "	Researchers are looking for alternatives to fossil fuels Former NASA engineer John Mankins plans to put solar power plant into space UK , France , Portugal and U.S. world leaders in wave power Danish inventor Jens Dall Bentzen creates biomass furnace that can burn wet wood
CNN  -- The people who died Thursday at a spiritual resort in Arizona had spent time in a "  sweatbox " similar to what Native Americans and other cultures have used for prayer and purification rituals throughout history . Two people died and were 19 injured after spending up to two hours inside this "  sweatbox " at an Arizona resort . And those who use them say they can be dangerous if care is not taken . From Scandinavia to South America to Africa , people have come together in the sauna-like structures -- typically heated by pouring water on hot lava rocks -- for a variety of reasons , said Joseph Bruchac , writer and author of The Native American Sweat Lodge . He 's part Abenaki , a tribe concentrated in the northeast United Staes , and part European . "  Each tribal nation has its own traditions , so one group might do it differently from another so you can not generalize too much , " said Bruchac , who runs an outdoor education center in Greenfield Center , New York . In North America , most Native American tribes use the term "  sweat lodge " to refer to a dome-shaped structure where the intimate ritual of the sweat takes place , said Bruchac , who has his own sweat lodge on his property in the foothills of the Adirondacks . "  Sweat lodges are typically used for a ritual preparation , like before a hunt , or nowadays , people might do it before a wedding or dance or some kind of community event as a way of putting yourself in balance , " he said . Bruchac noted that incidents like the one in Arizona tend to raise discussion in Native American communities over whether non-Natives should be allowed to adapt traditional ceremonies . "  It 's a very meaningful ceremony . I can understand why people find it attractive , " Bruchac said . "  But I consider it sacrilegious and foolish to do someone else 's rituals without proper guidance or practice , especially in sweat lodges where you 're raising people 's body temperatures . With that many people , oxygen is going to be depleted , and if you have heart problems or breathing problems , you could faint or die . " No information about the sweatbox at the Angel Valley Resort near Sedona could be found on the Web site Saturday . The two people who died and the 19 others who fell ill there were attending a program by self-help expert James Arthur Ray , authorities said Saturday . Authorities said between 50 and 60 people were in the structure for nearly two hours -- far exceeding the number who ordinarily would participate in a traditional sweat , according to Bruchac . In a typical ritual , the leader of the sweat gathers four to 12 friends , family members or guests inside the structure , usually made of willow and covered with blankets or canvas , he said . "  The person running the sweat has to be very aware of the people in the lodge because he takes control of them mentally , physically and spiritually , " said Bruchac . "  The leader is responsible for them , so he has to be aware of their physical conditions and their motivations , their reasons for being there . " After everyone is inside , a firekeeper heats stones , usually lava rocks , and brings them into the lodge , placing them in a hole in the ground and carefully pouring water over the stones to release steam . The technique of releasing the heat is done with great care so that no one is injured by the steam , which can burn skin or lungs if someone inhales it , said Father Raymond Bucko , Director of Native Studies at Creighton University . "  Nobody will make it so hot that no one can stand it , " said Bucko . "  Religious leaders are very careful about people 's health in the sweat . If they 're not healthy , people can sit outside the sweat and pray and others can go in for them . " A ritual of speaking or prayer may follow , depending on the group 's intention for gathering . "  People talk and often there 's lot of humor , but at any time if it 's too hot , some one can say so and they will immediately open the door and people are encouraged to go out , " he said . The Jesuit priest and cultural anthropologist participated in sweats with the Crow and Lakota people for nearly 30 years , until he was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis two years ago . "  It 's not about toughing it out or proving anything . It really is a beautiful experience of people coming together , of intense prayerfulness . "	Sweat lodges are used in prayer and purification rituals across globe Deaths raise concerns over non-Natives trying to adapt traditional ceremonies Typical Native American sweat lodge used in ritual of prayer and purification Firekeeper heats stones , places them in hole in lodge , pours water over them
CNN  -- When Anthony DiSimone and Darleen Cerzosie saw fire engulfing a multifamily home on their densely packed Staten Island street early Thursday , the New Yorkers -- engaged to be married -- sprang into action . They called the fire department and ran to knock on doors to alert everyone to the danger . The situation was grim on the second floor of 203 Chestnut Avenue ; a family was trapped . "  The father was upstairs where the fire started , and he was stuck up there , " DiSimone said . "  He was dangling his son outside , and he could n't do anything , the black smoke was just billowing out that window . " DiSimone , who said the boy is around 5 years old , said he shouted up to his neighbor : "  I said just throw him out , throw him out ! " And that 's what the father did . "  I went underneath and caught his son . He threw him right to me ; I caught his son , " he said . But the father needed to get his daughter -- who DiSimone says is about 3 -- to safety as well . "  I gave  the boy  to another guy , and then  the father  brought out his daughter , " he said . "  My fiancee , Darleen , she actually caught the daughter . " The father eventually escaped the multifamily home , he said . No one was killed , but 34 people -- 23 of them firefighters -- were injured in the five-alarm blaze , which is now under control , said Frank Dwyer , a Fire Department of New York spokesman . One of those was Cerzosie , who hurt her shoulder catching the little girl . FDNY fire marshals are investigating the cause of the blaze , Dwyer said . Suspect in New York children 's stabbings had been released on parole CNN 's Rande Iaboni and Julie Cannold contributed to this report .	A fire tears through multifamily home on Staten Island A neighbor says he and his fiancee caught two children thrown from second floor The blaze injured 23 firefighters and 11 civilians , and its cause is being investigated
CNN  -- Latinos , immigrants and Native Americans experience "  a pattern of human right violations " in the American Southwest under U.S. immigration policies , Amnesty International said in a new report . A two-year study focusing mostly on Arizona and Texas found that "  communities living along the border -- particularly Latinos and individuals perceived to be of Latino origin , and indigenous communities -- are disproportionately affected by a range of immigration control measures , resulting in a pattern of human rights violations , " Amnesty International said . The report cited the failure of federal and state laws to respect immigrants ' right to life and found that U.S. citizens of Latino descent and Native Americans are subjected to "  discriminatory profiling by federal , state and local law enforcement officials , that result in their being disproportionately targeted for police stops and searches . " Other breaches of international human rights standards occurred in the access to justice for immigrant survivors of crime and in accountability for state officials and private individuals accused of abusing immigrants ' rights , the group said . "  All immigrants , irrespective of their legal status , have human rights . Amnesty International 's report shows that the USA is failing in its obligations under international law to ensure these rights , " the report said . The group 's report , which urged a suspension and a federal review of all immigration enforcement programs , was criticized and dismissed by U.S. officials . "  Amnesty International 's report is based almost entirely on either outdated information or anonymous anecdotes that can be neither investigated nor resolved , " Department of Homeland Security spokesman Matt Chandler said . "  Moreover , the report does not offer thoughtful , actionable recommendations for improvement but instead calls for the wholesale suspension of immigration enforcement programs nationwide , " Chandler said . Federal and state authorities disputed the report 's accusations of racial profiling and other findings . "  The Amnesty International Report makes a rather general statement of criticism toward all law enforcement in Southern Arizona , " said Bart Graves , spokesman for the Arizona Department of Public Safety . "  The Arizona Department of Public Safety does not take part in racial profiling . " Texas state police refer cases to the Border Patrol or Immigration and Customs Enforcement when there is a "  reasonable suspicion that a person is in violation of a federal immigration law , " said Tom Vinger , a spokesman for the Texas Department of Public Safety . "  The state of Texas does not have immigration laws . However , DPS officers do arrest criminal aliens , regardless of country of origin , when they violate state laws , " Vinger said in a statement . The federal Secure Communities initiative was designed to prevent racial profiling by having the fingerprints of every person arrested and taken into custody checked against FBI criminal records and federal immigration records , Chandler said . That initiative reduces "  the risk of discrimination or racial profiling because the program applies to all who are arrested and booked for a crime , including U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents , " Chandler said . The Amnesty International report said monitoring and accountability of immigration and law officers who practice discriminatory profiling is "  lacking , " and those officials are "  rarely held to account , with the result that such practices have become both commonplace and entrenched , " the report said . FBI statistics show that bias crimes against Latinos have increased 40 % from 2003 to 2007 , and about 56 % of bias victims do n't file police reports because they often believe police wo n't help them , Amnesty International said . "  The fact that local law enforcement officials are used to implement federal immigration programs has exacerbated this problem . Those who do decide to report crimes may still be denied access to justice because law enforcement officials see them not as the victims of crime , but as criminals , " the report said . "  Immigrant victims of crimes such as human trafficking and domestic violence also face obstacles when attempting to access justice and remedies , while the proliferation of recently enacted state laws in Arizona and other states across the country obstructs immigrants ' ability to access education and essential health care services , " the report added . But the federal government said that under a new Immigration and Customs Enforcement policy , officers exercise "  appropriate discretion to ensure victims and witnesses to crimes are not penalized by removal , " Chandler said . The federal agency also developed a policy to protect victims of domestic violence and other offenses and to ensure the crimes are prosecuted , Chandler said . The rights group criticized U.S. border policy for pushing undocumented immigrants to use deadly desert routes as a way to enter the country . Amnesty International reported as many as 5,287 migration deaths along the border from 1998 to 2008 . "  Increasingly , state laws and local policies are creating barriers to or discouraging immigrants from accessing their rights to education and essential health care services , impacting their U.S. citizen children , " the report said . At the same time , the U.S. government has reported that 14,500 to 17,000 people are trafficked into the country for sexual or labor exploitation , and while the federal government offers so-called T-visas for such trafficking survivors , only 6 % of such visas were actually utilized in 2009 , Amnesty International said . The report also recommended that the U.S. Customs and Border Protection should consult with the 26 Indian nations along the border and respect and facilitate the use of tribal passports , identification papers and immigration documents for travel across the international lines . For example , the Tohono O'odham nation straddles both countries , including 76 miles of the international line , with 28,000 members in Arizona , the report said . The tribe uses identity cards listing one of five districts to which a U.S.-born member belongs , while the cards for members born on the Mexico side list "  ND " for "  No District , " the report said . Customs and Border Protection said it is working with tribes to develop forms of identification , and as of January , the federal government has approved six of 12 tribes ' memoranda of understanding to develop tribal identification that is valid for crossing the border , Chandler said . Of the six , two tribes , the Kootenai of Idaho and the Pascua Yaqui of Arizona , have fully approved Enhanced Tribal Cards that are accepted as documents to enter the United States , Chandler said .	Amnesty International studies human rights violations on the U.S.-Mexico border Latinos , immigrants and Native Americans are subject to racial profiling , group says The group criticizes the lack of access to justice for immigrant survivors of crime Federal , Arizona officials dispute the report , saying it 's outdated , anecdotal and generalized
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- The Illinois Senate on Thursday voted unanimously to remove impeached Gov. Rod Blagojevich from office . Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich delivers a closing argument at his impeachment trial Thursday . Blagojevich was arrested on federal corruption charges in December . Federal authorities allege , among other things , that he was trying to sell or trade the Senate seat that became vacant after Barack Obama was elected president . After the governor 's arrest , the state House voted overwhelmingly to impeach him . The Senate vote was 59-0 . Moments after removing him from office , the Illinois Senate also voted unanimously to prevent Blagojevich from ever holding political office in the state again . Watch the impeachment vote " "  I 'm obviously sad and disappointed , but not at all surprised , by what the state senate did today , " Blagojevich said during a free-for-all news conference outside his Chicago home during which he answered reporters ' questions , hugged supporters and promised a neighbor 's child he 'll play basketball with him this summer . "  It 's something I knew they would do a long time ago , " he said . "  The fix was in from the very beginning . " Watch Blagojevich 's reaction to his impeachment " "  As I 've repeatedly stated , the governor must be held accountable for his actions to the legislature , in a court of law and to the people of the state of Illinois . ... Today 's conviction speaks loud and clear that there are serious issues preventing him from fulfilling his responsibilities and I support putting new leadership in place . " In a written statement later Thursday , President Obama welcomed the end of the Blagojevich saga , at least as it played out at the statehouse . "  Today ends a painful episode for Illinois , " he said . "  For months , the state had been crippled by a crisis of leadership . Now that cloud has lifted , I wish Governor Quinn the best and pledge my full cooperation as he undertakes his new responsibilities . " Shortly after the vote , newly minted U.S. Sen. Roland Burris , D-Illinois , who was appointed to the seat by Blagojevich , issued a statement saying he stands behind the state Senate 's decision to remove the governor from office . Earlier Thursday , Illinois state senators made final deliberations in Blagojevich 's impeachment trial . "  Honest and competent governors do n't act like Rod Blagojevich , " Republican Sen. Kirk Dillard said . "  Rod Blagojevich needs to be removed from office . " Sen. Kwame Raul , a Democrat , said the governor had not presented any evidence in his defense and had not called any witnesses . "  He had the opportunity , and it 's a lie for him to say that he did not have an opportunity , " he said . "  The governor presented absolutely no evidence in this case . " Elected officials in Illinois , who were forced to deal with the ugliness of the Blagojevich affair while many would have preferred to be celebrating the inauguration of Barack Obama , were quick to praise the Senate 's action . "  Good riddance , " U.S. Rep. Phil Hare , a Democrat , said in a written statement . "  The Blagojevich scandal has been a national embarrassment . I hope and pray that today 's decision by the Illinois Senate will give our state the fresh start it so desperately needs . " The scene outside of the former-governor 's Chicago home turned strange shortly after the vote . Within minutes , a media throng outside watched as the governor 's state security detail got into their vehicles and left . A guard took a baby seat out of a van that had been used to carry the governor 's family and left it outside of a garage . At the news conference , Blagojevich thanked Illinoisans , who elected him governor twice after terms as a U.S. representative and state lawmaker . "  I 'm really here today to say how grateful Patti and I and our daughters ... are for the opportunity to be able to serve the people of Illinois as their governor for the past six years , " he said . "  How blessed I personally feel to get up every day to fight for the average people . " The ex-governor finished his prepared comments and climbed the stairs to his home , then climbed back down to shake hands with neighbors . He then allowed reporters to crowd around and ask questions during an ad hoc news conference that lasted longer than his original statement . At one point , he walked up to at least two neighbor children , hugging them and asking , "  Do you want to be on TV ? " One of them asked , "  Will you play hoops with me this summer ? " Blagojevich answered , "  Absolutely . " After the conference , he again went into a crowd of onlookers to hug several members as people shouted things such as "  We still support you " and "  Forgive and forget . " During the trial 's closing arguments Blagojevich appeared before the senators , saying he had done "  absolutely nothing wrong . " Watch Blagojevich make his case " "  I 'm here to appeal to you , to your sense of fairness , your sense of responsibility and to the truth , " he said in a closing address that lasted less than an hour . It was the first time he had appeared at the impeachment trial , which began Monday . The governor firmly denied wrongdoing Thursday , as he has all week on television talk shows . "  If I felt I did something wrong , I would have resigned in December , " he said . "  If I felt I violated a law , I would meet my responsibility , I would have resigned in December . " The governor , who did not use notes during his remarks , said the allegations against him were unproven . "  There has n't been a single piece of information that proves any wrongdoing , " he said . "  How can you throw a governor out of office with insufficient and incomplete evidence ? " As he did in his television interviews , Blagojevich railed against Senate trial rules that he said unfairly prevented him from presenting witnesses or evidence . After the governor 's address , the Senate recessed for an hour before House prosecutor David Ellis gave a rebuttal to the governor 's remarks . "  He could have put himself under oath and faced my questions , " Ellis said . "  More importantly , much more importantly , faced your questions . But he did n't do that , did he ? " "  He talked more about the evidence with Barbara Walters on ` The View ' than he did in this chamber today , where he 's facing impeachment and removal from office , " he said . Earlier , in his closing argument , Ellis said the governor had demonstrated an "  abuse of power " throughout his tenure as Illinois ' chief executive . Blagojevich railed against the trial on talk shows this week , calling it unfair and saying it sets a dangerous precedent . He has ignored trial deadlines and presented no evidence in his defense . Watch as Blagojevich takes his fight to Larry King Live " He told CNN 's Larry King earlier this week that attending the trial "  would dignify an impeachment process that 's wrong and contrary to every fundamental civil liberty that we as Americans enjoy . " CNN 's Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	NEW : After vote , governor says "  the fix was in from the very beginning " U.S. Sen. Burris of Illinois : "  I support putting new leadership in place " After deliberations , state Senate votes to remove Illinois governor Blagojevich accused of scheming to sell Barack Obama 's ex-Senate seat
CNN  -- To get a sense of how Ron Paul is tying the GOP establishment in knots , look no further than Sen. Jim DeMint , the powerful Republican from the site of the next major primary , South Carolina . Until November 2010 , DeMint had a clear claim on being the most influential , populist-flavored fiscal conservative in the Senate . Then a wave of Tea Party freshmen helped bring a Republican majority to the House of Representative and a new breed of politician to the Senate -- one best exemplified by Kentucky 's Rand Paul , whose post-campaign memoir was titled The Tea Party Goes to Washington . DeMint , a strong social conservative , greeted it with both a hearty welcome  " -LSB- P -RSB- ut on your boxing gloves . The fight begins today "  and an attempt at line-drawing . "  You ca n't be a fiscal conservative , " he claimed just after the election , "  and not be a social conservative . " DeMint was totally wrong about that -- polling data has indicated that a majority of Americans feel comfortable with the label of "  fiscally conservative and socially liberal " -- but that 's not what 's interesting here . What 's interesting is that after pooh-poohing the existence of a species that closely resembles the politically homeless tribe known as libertarians , DeMint , in the wake of Rep. Ron Paul 's solid second-place showing so far in the GOP presidential primary season , is using the L-word as a compliment . "  One of the things that 's hurt the so-called conservative alternative is saying negative things about Ron Paul , " DeMint told radio host Laura Ingraham this week . "  I 'd like to see a Republican Party that embraces a lot of the libertarian ideas . " This is a departure . In both 2000 and 2008 , the top two GOP delegate-winners ran on explicitly anti-libertarian platforms . As John McCain wrote in his campaign memoir "  Worth the Fighting For , " "  I welcomed a greater , if still limited , role for government in national problems , anathema to the ` leave us alone ' libertarian philosophy that dominated Republican debates in the 1990s . So did George W. Bush , I must add , who challenged libertarian orthodoxy with his appeal for a ` compassionate conservatism . ' " The mix of compassionate conservatism , with its emphasis on domestic spending initiatives such as No Child Left Behind and the Medicare Part D , and neo-conservatism , with its emphasis on interventionist foreign policy , produced results that were both predictable and predictably repellent to libertarians : A 60 % increase in federal nondefense spending under Bush , and a federal government that recognized no corner of the globe or hospital room as off-limits to American police power . It 's no wonder , then , that libertarians , like the rest of America , have been fleeing the Republican Party in droves . From 1972 to1988 , libertarians voted Republican for president 69 percent of the time ; since then the percentage has dropped to 46 . Meanwhile the country , and especially younger people , have been turning more culturally libertarian on issues like gay marriage and marijuana prohibition , at a time when the mainstream GOP keeps fighting those lost causes . Mitt Romney is on the glide path to the Republican nomination . But it is not escaping GOP notice that Romney 's vote total in Iowa was the same as it was in 2008 , and just 5 percentage points higher in New Hampshire than four years previous . Turnout among self-identified Republicans decreased in both states , even after more than three years of Barack Obama 's misgovernance . Ron Paul , on the other hand , more than doubled his vote total in Iowa , and tripled it in New Hampshire , largely by attracting nearly half of all independents and young voters . Paul has gotten twice as many votes as Newt Gingrich so far . In the Granite State , he received more votes than Gingrich , Rick Santorum , and Rick Perry combined . And unlike Santorum and Gingrich  his two main competitors for the non-Romney slot at this point  , Paul has a nationwide campaign , the ability to raise money at the drop of a hat , and the clear intention to compete all the way to the Republican National Convention . He is the clear front-runner in the race for second place . What are poor Republicans to do ? Many of them hate Ron Paul 's ideas on foreign policy , roll their eyes at his talk about the Federal Reserve , deem him to be several fries short of a Happy Meal , and -- correctly -- see his constitutional radicalism as a threat to both the philosophies behind compassionate conservatism and neo-conservatism , and to the practical gravy train of bipartisan big government . But he 's the only Republican game in town when it comes to drawing in the independents and young voters they need . DeMint , for one , is making a partial accommodation , by saying nice things about Paul and refusing to endorse any candidate  though his staff is another story  . "  I do n't agree with Ron Paul on foreign policy and his disengagement around the world , but we 're going to end up where he is because we do n't have any money , " DeMint told The Daily Caller . "  So the Republican Party needs to become the big tent of Americans who really want freedom , prosperity , opportunity and that 's just synonymous with a more limited government . " But if the campaign comes down to a two-man race , you can expect some serious evictions from the GOP 's shrinking tent . Buy popcorn . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter , and share your thoughts on the 2012 election with CNN iReport . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matt Welch .	Matt Welch : GOPers sidling up to Ron Paul after years of shunning libertarianism He says Bush 's policies drove libertarians from the Republican party He says Romney may get GOP nod , but Paul votes are way up from 2008 Welch : Like it or not , GOP may have to accommodate Paul
They had plans for the holiday weekend , to visit the zoo and stop by an amusement park . But now Lore Heavilin just wants her daughter to come home . Nineteen-year-old Erin Corwin vanished without a trace more than a week ago . Corwin , the pregnant wife of a Marine , went missing in Southern California on June 28 while scoping out photography locations at Joshua Tree National Park . "  She was going to look for a couple places where we could go early in the morning and just take some pictures , " Heavilin said . Her husband , Jonathan Wayne Corwin , reported her missing the following day . Since her disappearance , search teams have combed through the area on foot and have searched by air , but they have not been able to track Corwin 's whereabouts . The police say her disappearance is suspicious , and homicide investigators are taking the lead in the case now . Earlier this week , police found Corwin 's car in Twentynine Palms , near the military base where her husband is stationed . He has not been charged and no other leads have surfaced in the case . Days after Corwin 's disappearance , her mother learned she was going to be a grandmother . "  It just does n't seem real , " she said . "  Her ringtone on my phone is a horse neighing and galloping , and I would give anything to hear that ringtone . Anything . "	Erin Corwin , 19 , disappeared in Southern California more than a week ago She was at Joshua Tree National Park checking photo locations when she vanished Police say her disappearance is suspicious
CNN  -- Archaeologists in Israel have discovered what they believe is the bust of a Roman boxer from the second or third century . The figurine is small -- about 6 centimeters high by 4 centimeters wide -- but very detailed , archaeologists say . "  It seems that what we have here is a unique find , " the two directors of the excavation said in a statement released Monday by the Israel Antiquities Authority . The figurine , made of marble , comes from a time when "  the art of Roman sculpture reached its zenith , " Doron Ben-Ami and Yana Tchekhanovets said . It 's tiny -- only about 6 centimeters high by 4 centimeters wide , Ben-Ami told CNN . "  That 's why it is so impressive . It 's so small , but still you can see every little detail on the marble , " he said . The archaeologists believe a merchant family from the eastern part of the Roman Empire most likely passed down the "  precious object " through the generations until the fourth or fifth century , when an unfortunate family member had it with him at a public building , perhaps a hostel -- and an earthquake struck . A team has been digging up the building in the City of David , part of Jerusalem . The object is part of the "  silent testimony of the drama that occurred in this impressive structure prior to its collapse , " the Israel Antiquities Authority said . The "  short hair style , the prominent lobes and curves of the ears , as well as the almond-shaped eyes suggest that the object most likely portrays an athlete , probably a boxer , " the statement said . Little bits of the sculpture have broken off . It is missing part of the nose and mouth , Ben-Ami said . "  The high level of finish on the figurine is extraordinary , " Ben-Ami and Tchekhanovets said in their statement . They added : "  To the best of our knowledge , to date no similar artifact made of marble  or any other kind of stone  bearing the same image that was just found has been discovered in excavations elsewhere in the country . " A few similar artifacts made of bronze have been found "  at different sites in the country and they have been found in large numbers in different places throughout the Roman Empire , where the overwhelming majority of them date to the third century CE  the Roman period  . " Two tiny holes in the figurine suggest it was used as a suspended weight together with a balance scale , the archaeologists said . Last month , the excavation team at this same site discovered "  one of the largest and most impressive coin hoards ever found in Jerusalem , " the Israel Antiquities Authority said . "  It consists of 264 gold coins and was found at about the same time as a gold earring , inlaid with expensive pearls and remarkably well preserved . " "  Every single object has a story behind it , " Ben-Ami said in an interview with CNN . "  Behind every object there are people . And , for us , the most important thing is to try to tell the stories behind these items . "	Archaeologists in Israel unearth tiny marble figurine Details on bust suggest it is that of an athlete , probably a boxer "  High level of finish on the figurine is extraordinary , " archaeologist says Stash of gold coins was found last month at the same site
CNN  -- An Austrian man who participated in a Nazi massacre of Jews during World War II and later gained U.S. citizenship has been deported to Austria , U.S. officials said . The Sachsenhausen concentration camp just north of Berlin where the U.S. says Krumpf worked as an SS guard . Josias Krumpf , 83 , lived for years after the war in Racine , Wisconsin . The United States revoked his citizenship in 2005 after the Criminal Division of the U.S. Department of Justice sought to denaturalize him . Acting Assistant Attorney General Rita Glavin announced Krumpf 's deportation Thursday . It was not clear when he arrived in Austria , and representatives of the Austrian Justice Ministry were not immediately available for comment . "  His court-ordered removal from the United States to Austria is another milestone in the government 's long-running effort to ensure that individuals who participated in crimes against humanity do not find sanctuary in this country , " Glavin said . The United States removed Krumpf because of his participation in that and other Nazi-sponsored acts of persecution during the war , Glavin said . Krumpf admits standing watch on November 3 , 1943 , as SS guards at the Trawniki Labor Camp in Poland shot and killed 8,000 Jews , including women and 400 children , in pits . Glavin said Krumpf said he had orders to shoot any prisoners who survived . Krumpf also served as an SS guard at the Nazi-run Sachsenhausen Concentration Camp in Germany and at slave labor sites in Nazi-occupied France , where prisoners under his watch built launching platforms for German missile attacks on England , Glavin said . The November 1943 shooting was part of a larger Nazi operation called "  Aktion Erntefest , " or "  Operation Harvest Festival , " that led to the deaths of 42,000 Jews at three camps in eastern Poland in two days , the Justice Department said . At Trawniki , Krumpf said , he was assigned to watch for victims who were still "  halfway alive " or "  convulsing " and prevent their escape by shooting them to death , the Justice Department said . Krumpf , who was born in Serbia , immigrated to the United States in 1956 and became a U.S. citizen in 1964 . His removal to Austria is part of an effort by several U.S. government departments and law enforcement agencies to identify and prosecute participants in Nazi crimes of persecution who live in the United States , the Justice Department said . The Criminal Division 's Office of Special Investigations  OSI  started the operation in 1979 and has since won cases against 107 alleged Nazi criminals , the Justice Department said . The OSI also has a watch list for World War II war criminals that has prevented the entry of more than 180 people into the United States , the Justice Department said .	Josias Krumpf lived for years in Wisconsin before being deported to Austria The 83 year old admits he shot survivors during a masscare in Poland in 1943 The U.S. revoked his citizenship in 2005 , deported him to Austria this week His removal is part of a U.S. effort to identify and prosecute Nazi war criminals
CNN  -- Police are investigating the killing of a 19-year-old University of North Carolina student and are questioning those who last saw her , a police spokesman said Tuesday . The death of Faith Hedgepeth was an "  obvious homicide , " Chapel Hill police Sgt. Josh Mecimore told CNN , but investigators are still waiting for an official determination of the cause . There are no suspects in custody , he said . Friends found Hedgepeth dead Friday morning at her apartment off campus , police said . She was a member of North Carolina 's Haliwa-Saponi Native American tribe , and the UNC American Indian Center , where she was a volunteer , held a candlelight vigil for her Monday night . "  Although the police have not determined the cause of death , they also said they do not believe that this was a random act , " UNC officials said in a statement on her death . "  Law enforcement officials do not believe that there is danger to other students , faculty or staff . " Hedgepeth 's death comes four and a half years after the slaying of UNC student body president Eve Carson , who was killed after being kidnapped and forced to take money out of an automatic teller machine , police said . Two men are serving life in prison in connection with her March 2008 killing . More from CNN Justice : Suspect in cop 's death found U.S. military identifies dead Guantanamo detainee FAMU says it 's not responsible for drum major 's hazing death Man accused in Aruba disappearance sued over $ 1.5 million policy CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	Faith Hedgepeth was found dead Friday in her off-campus apartment Chapel Hill police call her death an "  obvious homicide " Authorities do n't believe other students are in danger , university says
CNN  -- The two leads in MTV 's "  Faking It " spent Season 1 pretending to be lesbians . Now they 've been joined by an intersex character . On the show 's second-season premiere Tuesday , Lauren -- stepsister of show protagonist Amy -- was revealed to be intersex , a condition in which a person is "  born with a reproductive or sexual anatomy that does n't seem to fit the typical definitions of female or male , " according to the Intersex Society of North America . The character , played by Bailey De Young , concluded last season with others gossiping about pills she was taking . Intersex dating : Finding love across the intersection The pills turn out to be hormones for Lauren 's Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome . People with the condition are genetically male -- they have X and Y chromosome pairs -- but are "  unable to respond to certain male sex hormones  called androgens  ,  so  they may have mostly female sex characteristics or signs of both male and female sexual development , " according to the National Institutes of Health 's Genetic Home Reference . "  Part of the overall theme of ` Faking It ' is how hard it is to be your authentic self and how important it is to strive to do that , " show creator Carter Covington told The Hollywood Reporter earlier this month . "  For Lauren , being born intersex is going to be something she 's going to struggle to accept and then struggle to defend in her life . " Covington also observes that this is n't just a one-off gimmick for "  Faking It . " "  It 's a series-long storyline , " he said .	"  Faking It " character shown to be intersex MTV program is about two friends who fake being lesbians Intersex character has male chromosomes but female sex characteristics Not just a gimmick , says show creator , but "  a series-long storyline "
CNN  -- Relief teams dug through rose gardens at the headquarters of the Bangladesh Rifles Sunday , looking for more than 70 army officers still missing -- and presumed killed -- after a deadly uprising by paramilitary forces last week . Bangladeshi firefighters continued to uncover bodies Friday of Bangladesh Rifles officers from a mass grave . By late Saturday night , 72 bodies had been found floating in a river or in three mass graves inside the compound of the Rifles , or BDR , in the capital city , Dhaka , the Home Ministry said . Fifty of the dead were confirmed to be army officers , shot or stabbed to death . Another six were Rifles troops , or jawans . The rest of the bodies were too damaged for immediate identification , the ministry said . But four days since the rebellion , grieving family members keeping vigil outside the headquarters were losing hope of seeing their loved ones alive again . Some men quietly recited verses from the Quran , Islam 's holy book , or counted prayer beads . Several women howled in despair and collapsed hopelessly on the pavement . Sympathy for the mutineers has dried up , a Bangladeshi journalist said . "  The first day of the incident , Bangladeshis were for the BDR . They thought they had legitimate concerns of army officer corruption and denial of basic necessities to them , " said Ashraf Kaiser , host of the television show , "  Road to Democracy . " "  But from the second day , when we started getting news of missing officers and seeing pictures of one body after another being pulled out , the perception changed , " he said . One can see the shift in the media coverage of the mutiny , he said . "  What was being called Pilkhana revolt or rebellion " -- named after the area of the city where the BDR compounds are located -- "  is now being dubbed the Pilkhana massacre . " Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina initially earned high marks for persuading the jawans to surrender in exchange for amnesty . But now she finds herself in a delicate balancing act : trying to appease an army that demands the killers , who stubbed out the lives of so many of its officers , be punished . She met for hours Sunday with the army 's top officials , and made several concessions . A committee the Home Ministry set up to investigate the mutiny will be shuffled to include more members from the army 's ranks . She has also backtracked from her promise of amnesty . Killers will face trial , she said , and ordered jawans to return to their posts or report to police stations by the end of the day Sunday . Hundreds of jawans lined up at a field outside the Pilkhana headquarters , insisting to reporters they fled the compound during the rebellion . They kissed their loved ones as they waited , assuring wives and fathers they were innocent but asking for their prayers . The fear of a military take-over is a pervasive one in Bangladesh . The country has experienced a series of coup since its independence in 1971 , including one that killed Hasina 's father -- the country 's independence leader . The current government itself came to power in December , after two years of an army-backed rule . "  Hasina has her responsibility to keep peace and tranquility and so she did what she did , " said Aneeqa Khan , a student who lives not far from the BDR headquarters . "  And you ca n't fault the army from reacting . They lost so many people . " The military did its part to allay fears of retaliation . "  I believe if exemplary punishment is meted out to the people involved directly or indirectly in the mutiny , it will help pacify the anger among our officers and soldiers , " Brig. Gen. Mahmud Hossain told reporters . The standoff started Wednesday when BDR troops rebelled against their commanders . The BDR is a paramilitary force distinct from the army , but its commanders are career army officers . The Rifles is responsible primarily for guarding the country 's borders . The force , more than 65,000-strong , also takes part in operations such as monitoring polls . The troops staged their rebellion on the second day of BDR Week , when officers and troops from various BDR outposts along the border were in the capital for celebrations . Discontent had been bubbling for years in the ranks of the BDR , who complained their army superiors dismissed their appeals for more pay , subsidized food and their requests to participate in United Nations peacekeeping operations -- which pay far more than what they make at home . Bangladesh and its South Asian neighbors are the largest troop contributors to U.N. peacekeeping operations . During the stand-off , dozens of officers were killed . Some bodies were dumped in mass graves . Others were tossed in sewers that emptied into the Buriganga River , where they floated for miles before being retrieved .	72 bodies found floating in a river or in three mass graves inside Rifles ' compound Fifty of the dead were confirmed to be army officers Standoff started Wednesday when Rifles troops rebelled against commanders More than 160 were inside Bangladesh Rifles headquarters when mutiny erupted
CNN  -- Eulalia goes to school on a motorcycle . The 10-year-old girl lives in the Puno region of Peru with her parents and six siblings . There is no school near Eulalia 's home , so on Mondays , her father gives her a ride down the mountain on his motorcycle to a boarding school run by the humanitarian organization CARE . She attends school during the week and comes home on the weekends . For Eulalia , this ride to school is a journey into a promising future that is hard to come by in Peru . She is one of nearly a million indigenous children who struggle to get an education . According to CARE , 73 % of indigenous kids in Peru are behind in school for their age and nearly 30 % do n't go to school at all . Most people in the Puno region live in poverty and parents have no choice but to have their children work to help support the family . Child labor is often used for illegal gold mining in the area . Eulalia 's father is a poor alpaca shepherd , but he wants his daughter to have a better education than he had and he has made it a priority . The school does n't charge Eulalia 's family for school fees , but her parents try to contribute in other ways such as with crops or labor . Soon , her little brother will also be attending the school . Eulalia 's favorite subject is math but her father says she likes "  everything . " When she grows up , she wants to be a teacher . Eulalia 's loving spirit is what endears her to the people at CARE . "  I can tell you , she is the sweetest of them all ... quite shy , but at the same time very loving once she knows people a bit . The first time she visited our office , she gave big hugs to all my colleagues , and that 's how she is remembered here , as ` the little hugger ' , " says Elsie Ralston of CARE . Eulalia studies a bilingual curriculum with CARE 's Education Program . The school is a private project founded by a company that wants all its workers to be able to provide education for children in the area . CARE 's Education Program in Peru promotes proper schooling for children and adolescents in vulnerable conditions , as well as the elimination of discrimination in all its forms . "  The innovative bilingual and intercultural approach allows us to empower girls in urban and rural areas . CARE seeks to address the barriers Peruvian boys , but especially girls , face , while actively advocating the investment of public resources to education , " Ralston says . CARE has similar educational programs around the world to assist and empower girls and young women . You can help CARE continue to help girls like Eulalia in Peru . For even more ways to make an impact on education for girls around the world , check out CNN 's Impact Your World resources or take action with 10x10 . - More about CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising " project - More from CNN 's Impact Your World	Eulalia from Peru is one of few indigenous children able to go to school Eulalia attends a boarding school run by the humanitarian organization CARE CARE : 73 % of indigenous children in Peru are behind in school and nearly 30 % do n't go to school Child labor is often used for illegal gold mining in Peru
CNN  -- Supporters of Ferguson , Missouri , Police Officer Darren Wilson say they have faced threats over their views , but vowed not to be silenced . Wilson on August 9 shot and killed unarmed black teen Michael Brown , an incident that stirred racial tensions and unrest . An unnamed spokeswoman for the Support Darren Wilson group , speaking at a rally Saturday , accused the media of having a bias against supporters of the officer . "  We believe this has only intensified the destruction of the community of Ferguson and the surrounding St. Louis areas , " said the spokeswoman . "  We will not hide . We will no longer live in fear , " she said . "  We ask this question : Can justice ever be attained if one side 's supporters are living in fear of speaking out ? " The spokeswoman said that she and her group were not speaking on behalf of Wilson or his representatives , but were making a statement for his supporters . She said she had received online threats against her and her family . The pro-Wilson rally , attended by about 100 supporters , was held outside Barney 's Sports Pub , a popular gathering spot for area police officers several miles south of Ferguson . Supporters , many of them armed , carried signs saying "  Innocent until proven guilty " and "  We love cops . " An African-American woman at one point tried unsuccessfully to interrupt the rally , asking loudly why police had not broken up the gathering . A handful of counterprotesters later gathered peacefully across the street . There are competing versions from witnesses about what happened in Ferguson . There is agreement that there was a scuffle between Brown and Wilson , but some witnesses say the teen ran away , turned around and put his arms up as he was shot . The officer 's version , as told to a radio station by a friend , is that Brown charged the officer before the shooting . Wilson 's actions were warranted and justified , and he counts on the support of many , the spokeswoman said at the rally . "  We believe that the evidence has and will continue to validate our position , " she said . The media is yet to earn the trust of those supporting the officer , she said . But Wilson 's supporters can take comfort that they have plenty of company from all around the country . The online fund-raising effort for Wilson surpassed $ 300,000 on Saturday , according to totals from two related pages on GoFundMe.com . In addition , supporters had raised about $ 10,000 in cash at the rally . A post on one of the pages notes that organizers "  anticipate these funds will be used to cover potential legal fees , relocation and living expenses of both Officer Darren Wilson and his immediate family . " "  We truly appreciate your time , efforts , prayers , kind words and donations , " that message added . "  It means more than you could possibly know . " More money raised for Ferguson officer than slain teen Where is Officer Wilson ? CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Online fund-raising campaign tops $ 300,000 Supporters of Darren Wilson made a statement Saturday They allege media bias that has made the unrest worse The officer 's actions were justified , they say
CNN  -- The death toll from the latest round of heavy rain and flooding in central Vietnam continues to soar , with 46 people killed and 21 missing , state-run media report . Rescuers were able to save 18 people whose bus was swept away Monday on the north-south highway 1A through Ha Tinh Province , but 19 people remain unaccounted for , according to VietNamNet . The homes of 200,000 people are underwater in Nghe An , Ha Tinh and Quang Bing provinces because of floods caused by storms that began October 14 , official media report . On Sunday alone , about 30 inches of rain fell in parts of the country . The storms have hit the southeast Asian nation 's agricultural sector hard , with waters inundating 8,000 hectares  31 square miles  of rice fields . Prices of some crops have increased 200 to 500 percent as a result . This storm follows rains and floods at the beginning of October in Nghe An , Ha Tinh , Quang Bing , Quang Tri and Thua Thien provinces that caused an estimated $ 137.5 million in damage , according to VietNamNet . The two rounds of flood calamities have contributed to the deaths of 112 people , reported state-run television network VTV4 , which cited Vietnam 's Central Steering Committee for Flood and Storm Control as its source . The Vietnamese government has dispatched 20,000 troops to help with the rescue and recovery process in the latest flooding , with Red Cross staffers from Vietnam , Spain , China , Germany and the United States among those helping the cause , reported VietNamNet . The number of fatalities has climbed significantly in recent days . On Monday , state-run media were reporting that at least 20 people had died . A flood and landslide warning remains in effect for much of the region , with water levels dangerously high in the Ca River in Nghe An province and the Ngan Sau River in Ha Tinh province . Landslides have already dumped tons of dirt and debris , clogging the Pe Ke mountain pass and parts of the Ho Chi Minh Highway . And the situation might get worse , as Typhoon Megi , also known as Typhoon Juan , barrels across the South China Sea after killing 11 people in the Philippines . Besides rain , the National Centre for Hydrometeorological Forecasting forecasts strong winds , big waves and rough seas over the next several days .	Landslides and flooding leave 46 dead , 21 missing in central Vietnam Homes of 200,000 people and 8,000 hectares of rice fields are underwater Rescuers saved 18 people after their bus was swept away , but 19 are still missing Two weeks earlier , 66 people in the region died after record-setting rains caused flooding
CNN  -- At least three people were killed and scores injured in a blast in downtown Mombasa on Saturday , the Kenyan Interior Ministry said . The explosion was caused by a grenade that was hurled at a crowd , the ministry said via Twitter . Eleven of the injured were taken to Coast General Hospital , according to the ministry . A second explosion was reported near the tourist area of Nyali Beach , also in Mombasa , the ministry said . Several people at the Reef Hotel were injured in the Nyali Beach explosion , CNN affiliate KTN reported . The Interior Ministry , however , said there were no casualties in the second explosion . An improvised explosive device was discovered at the Reef Hotel gate when a bag was noticed and people took cover , the ministry said . The Nyali area is home to resorts and hotels along the coast . 4 killed in blast in Nairobi suburb 6 killed in blast in Kenya ; appears to be ` deliberate attack ' New law legalizes polygamy ; women 's group applauds it	A grenade hurled at a crowd kills at least three and injures scores , Interior Ministry says A second explosion was reported near the tourist area of Nyali Beach An improvised explosive device was discovered at the Reef Hotel gate
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's central bank introduced a $ 10 billion note worth less than 20 U.S. dollars , as the once-prosperous southern African nation battles against spiraling hyperinflation . Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe at Zanu-PF National Political Commissar Elliot Manyika 's burial last week The new note , expected to buy just 20 loaves of bread , comes just a week after Zimbabwe issued a $ 500 million note to ease a cash shortage . Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe Governor Gideon Gono said the $ 10 billion note was being introduced for the "  convenience of the public ahead of the festive season . " On Thursday , the U.S. dollar traded for about 600 million Zimbabwe dollars , and the hyperinflation was expected to continue . People slept overnight at the bank doors , hoping to get money for the next day . President Robert Mugabe apologized to his ZANU-PF party supporters Thursday for the problems Zimbabweans were facing but insisted his nation has turned a corner in its fight against its worst humanitarian crisis , the state-owned Herald newspaper reported . Shortages of most essentials such as electricity , fuel , medicine and food have become a common feature in Zimbabwe , forcing people to flee the country . Zimbabwe has slashed zeros from the amount of its worthless currency during the past two years -- the latest being 10 zeros in August . Once one of Africa 's most promising economies , Zimbabwe is reeling under its worst humanitarian and economic crisis . A cholera outbreak has killed more than 1,000 Zimbabweans since August , forcing hundreds to cross the border into South Africa and Botswana to seek treatment . Five million people are in need of food aid in a nation that once exported food to its neighbors , the United Nations says . But Mugabe -- blamed for the crisis by his critics -- said the worst was over . He said he was optimistic about resuscitating the power-sharing deal he signed with opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai in September , the Herald reported . "  We will be inviting the two leaders -- Mr. Morgan Tsvangirai and Professor Arthur Mutambara -- to come and discuss the way forward , " Mugabe said . The deal has yet to take effect , as Tsvangirai blamed Mugabe for grabbing all key ministries such as home affairs , local government , finance , home affairs , information and defense . Mugabe said Western nations and neighboring Botswana were against the formation of an inclusive government in Zimbabwe . "  I was reading recent utterances by Condoleezza Rice that African leaders are not prepared to topple President Mugabe and bring about regime change , " he said . "  She condemned this inability on the part of African leaders . How could African leaders ever topple Robert Mugabe , organize an army to come ? It is not easy . I do not know of any African country that is brave enough to do that . "  Botswana is making some stupid noises . They are just hollow noises to assure the MDC that the Botswana government supports it and also in response to Britain and America that Botswana is a good mouthpiece of the white men . " The MDC is Tsvangirai 's opposition party -- Movement for Democratic Change . On cholera , Mugabe said the country was failing to import adequate water treating chemicals because of the sanctions imposed by the west .	The new $ 10 billion notes comes a week after a $ 500 million note was issued Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe governor : New note issued ahead of "  festive season " The country slashed 10 zeros from the amount of its worthless currency in August Five million people are in need of food aid , the United Nations says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The numbers were good for "  Knowing . " In "  Knowing , " a physics professor  Nicolas Cage  ponders patterns in a list of numbers . The film , about a physics professor who sees clues for disastrous events in a time capsule 's list of digits , overcame some pretty long odds at the box office -- going against the Paul Rudd-Jason Segel comedy "  I Love You , Man , " the Julia Roberts-Clive Owen romantic thriller "  Duplicity " and some fairly scathing reviews -- to emerge as the weekend 's No. 1 film . Though star Nicolas Cage would n't have predicted the outcome , in an interview before the film 's release , he did talk about the power of positive thinking . "  I 'm a huge believer of the human spirit , " he told CNN . "  I think people are amazing . I think what we have accomplished is incredible . ... If you think positive and you apply the guts and ingenuity that mankind has been doing forever , at least in our existence , I believe we get through anything . " Cage 's character , John Koestler , is a science professor whom Cage describes as "  someone who is reawakening to his faith . " He begins the film believing that everything is random , but as the film continues -- and he seeks to alert the world of a coming catastrophe -- "  he believes there is cause and effect and perhaps even a divine mind , " Cage said . The film begins in 1959 , with students burying items in a time capsule at an elementary school . One of the children , however , creates an image of seemingly random numbers . Fifty years later , when the capsule is opened , Koestler 's son receives the page of numbers , and his father realizes that they correspond to major disasters of the past half-century . Koestler determines that three events have yet to occur and sets out to meet the clairvoyant child 's now grown daughter . The final event threatens life on Earth itself , and the group begins a race against time , with unusual consequences . Critics were not impressed . The film earned a 25 percent rating on the review aggregator RottenTomatoes.com , with some reviewers in full-on mockery mode . Watch Mr. Moviefone review "  Knowing " and other films " "  It 's increasingly hard to believe that Cage won an Oscar in 1996  for ` Leaving Las Vegas '  , " wrote USA Today 's Claudia Puig in a 1 1/2 - star review . "  In the past decade , he has made some awful choices , and his range has seemed to grow more limited . " "  It 's so inept that you may wish you were watching an M. Night Shyamalan version of the very same premise , " wrote Entertainment Weekly 's Owen Gleiberman , referring to the director whose last two films , "  Lady in the Water " and "  The Happening , " were two of the most detested films of recent years . But the film 's apocalyptic theme obviously strikes a chord , something director Alex Proyas  "  Dark City "  saw early on . Proyas told CNN in a pre-release interview that "  you can read -LSB- the film -RSB- as biblical if you choose to , " but he prefers to see it as "  spiritual . " "  I try to leave it very open-ended , " he said . "  I try to think of it as more a spiritual place than a biblical one . " Cage 's character , he said , is on a spiritual quest in the midst of what could be global destruction . Rose Byrne , who plays the clairvoyant child 's daughter , Diana , called the film "  kind of a theological discussion . " "  That 's always an exciting topic , " she said . "  It 's bridging the gap between science and spirituality . That always makes things thought-provoking , and I like that with any piece of art . " Byrne said that "  Knowing " taps into some of the end-times anxiety that 's been in the air in recent years , which perhaps could help find an audience .  As she was talking before the film 's release , she did n't realize how much of an audience . "  I think it 's a common thing in life , " she said of end-of-the-world fears , referencing one of the latest making the rounds -- the Mayan calendar 's Long Count end in 2012 -- in making her point . Proyas observes that given such worries , the film can be a wake-up call for such concerns as global climate change . "  There is a symbolic aspect to what is happening and what the story is about , and to get people to pay attention to what could happen , " he said . But , he adds , it 's also just a movie . "  I believe in the entertainment value of movies -- very much so , " he said . "  I ... want to make it good for the audience . I really want people to be there and experience something powerful and resident , both in terms of ideas and emotions ... and also with this film trying to do something different . It 's a challenging film , and it takes some unexpected turns . "	"  Knowing " was weekend 's No. 1 film Apocalyptic thriller stars Nicolas Cage as professor who sees clues in numbers Film taps into themes of religion , spirituality , end-times concerns , say makers
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. military has blocked access to a range of popular commercial websites in order to free up bandwidth for use in Japan recovery efforts , according to an e-mail obtained by CNN and confirmed by a spokesman for U.S. Strategic Command . The sites -- including YouTube , ESPN , Amazon , eBay and MTV -- were chosen not because of the content but because their popularity among users of military computers account for significant bandwidth , according to Strategic Command spokesman Rodney Ellison . The block , instituted Monday , is intended "  to make sure bandwidth was available in Japan for military operations " as the United States helps in the aftermath of last week 's deadly earthquake and tsunami , Ellison explained . U.S. Pacific Command made the request to free up the bandwidth . The sites , 13 in all , are blocked across the Department of Defense 's . mil computer system . "  This is a response to a time of extreme demand for networks , " Ellison said . Ellison emphasized that it was a temporary measure . "  This blockage will be of a temporary nature and may increase or decrease in the size and scope as necessary , " according to the message distributed to military announcing the move . "  We are doing this to facilitate the recovery efforts under way in Japan , " Ellison explained . "  We are trying to make sure we are giving them as many avenues and as much support as we can . " The blocked websites are : * Youtube.com * Googlevideo.com * Amazon.com * ESPN.go.com * eBay.com * Doubleclick.com * Eyewonder.com * Pandora.com * streamtheworld.com * Mtv.com * Ifilm.com * Myspace.com * Metacafe.com	YouTube , ESPN , eBay among popular websites blocked on military computers Effort is intended to free up bandwidth for use in helping Japan Blockage is temporary and subject to change , Strategic Command says
CNN  -- NASA says bad weather has forced it to put off the piggyback flight of the space shuttle Endeavour to California , where the now-retired spacecraft will be put on display . The space agency announced Sunday that it has pushed back the start of the multi-day flight until Tuesday , a day later than planned . Storms forecast over the Southeast prompted the delay , NASA said in a statement announcing the postponement . NASA still hopes to deliver Endeavour , the baby of the shuttle fleet , to Los Angeles by Thursday , the agency said . The spacecraft and its Boeing 747 carrier are slated to make several stops and low-level flyovers along the route , with overnight stops in Houston -- home to the mission control center for the U.S. manned space program -- and at NASA 's Dryden Flight Research Center in southern California . Dryden is located at Edwards Air Force Base , the landing site for the first shuttle missions . The jet-shuttle combo will make low-altitude passes over NASA 's Stennis Space Center on the Mississippi Gulf Coast and the agency 's Michoud Assembly plant near New Orleans , where the shuttles ' external fuel tanks were built ; over the White Sands Test Facility in New Mexico , a last-resort landing site where shuttle pilots trained ; and over San Francisco , Sacramento and other northern California sites . Endeavor is scheduled to be on display at the California Science Center in Los Angeles by late October . Built as a replacement for the ill-fated shuttle Challenger , it made 25 flights into space between 1992 and 2011 . The other two surviving orbiters , Discovery and Atlantis , are also being put on display at museums . Atlantis will be at the Kennedy Space Center at Cape Canaveral , Florida ; Discovery at the Smithsonian Institution 's National Air and Space Museum annex in Virginia .	Forecasts storms push Endeavour 's final flight back a day NASA still hopes to deliver the orbiter to Los Angeles by Thursday The shuttle made 25 space flights between 1992 and 2011
CNN  -- Acoustic rocker John Mayer has bowed out of a series of concerts after suffering from "  something next to my vocal cords called a granuloma , " he said in a statement released Friday . The singer and songwriter said he had undergone months of monitoring , but the condition -- a small area of tissue inflammation that most often occurs in the lungs -- had prevented him from going ahead with the performances . "  I 'm bummed to have to bow out of both the iheartradio Music Festival in Las Vegas and an appearance with Tony Bennett in Los Angeles , " he said in the statement . "  I know there were people depending on me to be there and I 'm sorry that I ca n't be on those stages . " Mayer 's soon-to-be-released album "  Born and Raised " also will be delayed . It 's "  complete as far as music recording , song selection , and in some cases mixing , " he said . "  But because of this condition I could n't finish singing on several of the tracks . " The album , as a result , will be released next year "  instead of this fall or winter . " "  This is a temporary setback , though I 'm not sure how long or short a period of time it will be , " he said . "  I 've got the best doctors in the country looking after me and I will be singing and touring again as soon as I get the all clear . " Mayer said he plans to spend the down time writing and composing , and "  kicking an empty soup can around the West Village . "	John Mayer says he has a granuloma next to his vocal cords Granuloma is a small area of tissue inflammation Mayer 's soon-to-be-released album "  Born and Raised " will be delayed
OXFORD , Mississippi  CNN  -- A national poll of people who watched the first presidential debate suggests that Barack Obama came out on top , but there was overwhelming agreement that both Obama and John McCain would be able to handle the job of president if elected . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey is not a measurement of the views of all Americans , since only people who watched the debate were questioned and the audience included more Democrats than Republicans . Fifty-one percent of those polled thought Obama did the better job in Friday night 's debate , while 38 percent said John McCain did better . Men were nearly evenly split between the two candidates , with 46 percent giving the win to McCain and 43 percent to Obama . But women voters tended to give Obama higher marks , with 59 percent calling him the night 's winner , while just 31 percent said McCain won . "  It can be reasonably concluded , especially after accounting for the slight Democratic bias in the survey , that we witnessed a tie in Mississippi tonight , " CNN Senior Political Researcher Alan Silverleib said . "  But given the direction of the campaign over the last couple of weeks , a tie translates to a win for Obama . " Watch entire debate : Part 1 " | Part 2 " | Part 3 " McCain apparently failed to get the "  game changer " he needed to reverse his deficit in the polls , Silverleib said . Grade the candidates ' performances in the debate Both candidates appeared to exceed expectations . McCain did better than expected in the minds of 60 percent , while 57 percent said Obama did a better job in the debate than they expected . Twenty percent said both candidates did worse than expected . iReport.com : Who do you think won the debate ? More than two-thirds of debate watchers agreed that both McCain and Obama would be able to handle the job of president if elected . National security has been an issue where McCain has held an advantage , but his edge over Obama -- 49 percent to 45 percent -- on the question of which candidate would best handle terrorism is within the poll 's 4.5 percent margin of error . Watch candidates discuss likelihood of another 9/11 " The economy , which has been Obama 's terrain this cycle , dominated the first half of the debate . Debate watchers gave him a 21 percentage point edge -- 58 to 37 percent -- on the question of which candidate would do a better job handling the economy . By a similar margin , those polled said Obama would be better able to deal with the current financial crisis facing the nation . Watch McCain , Obama discuss the economy " The real impact of the debate may not be apparent right away . "  The real test will come in a few days when we see whether support for Obama or McCain changes in polls involving all voters , not just debate watchers , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  In post-debate polls after the first faceoff in 2004 , John Kerry got virtually the same numbers as Obama did tonight . Polls released a few days later showed Kerry gaining five points in the horse race . " Good post-debate poll numbers do n't always spell success in the horse race , he said . "  Kerry also won the third debate in 2004 with the same numbers that Obama got in tonight 's poll , but his support dropped five points after that event , " Holland said . Poll interviews were conducted with 524 adult Americans who watched the debate and were conducted by telephone on September 26 . All interviews were done after the end of the debate . The margin of error for the survey is plus or minus 4.5 percentage points . The results may be favoring Obama simply because more Democrats than Republicans tuned in to the debate . Of the debate-watchers questioned in this poll , 41 percent of the respondents identified themselves as Democrats , 27 percent as Republicans and 30 percent as independents . The best estimate of the number of Democrats in the voting age population as a whole indicates that the sample is roughly 5 to 7 percentage points more Democratic than the population as a whole . CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this story .	Post-debate CNN poll suggests Obama came out on top over McCain Most debate watchers agreed McCain , Obama would be able to handle presidency Male respondents split evenly among candidates ; Women liked Obama over McCain
CNN  -- Police in Michigan responded Saturday to two shootings near university campuses , including one that left a Michigan State student dead . Dominique James Nolff , 20 , of Middleville , Michigan , was pronounced dead Saturday morning of multiple gunshot wounds from Friday night 's incident at an off-campus apartment , according to East Lansing police . An unnamed 20-year-old , also attending Michigan State University , was treated at Sparrow Hospital for a single gunshot wound and released . The incident does not appear to have been a random act , police said . Michigan State expressed its condolences and said counseling was available . Authorities in Big Rapids , 125 miles from East Lansing , took into custody a man suspected of shooting a Ferris State University student Saturday morning in an off-campus apartment . The victim was taken to a Grand Rapids hospital and later released , the school said . The shooting occurred at Venlo Place apartments in Big Rapids , the university said .	Michigan State University student dies hours after shooting Student at Ferris State injured in another incident Suspects were still being sought in both shootings
CNN  -- One year ago , the Republican National Committee completed a four-month period of "  self-reflection " and "  evaluation " after losing its second straight presidential election and the popular vote in five of the past six presidential elections . The result of that process became popularly known as the GOP "  Autopsy Report " -- an analysis of all of the Republican Party 's ailments and prescriptions for how to cure them . But , after a year , it does n't look like they have really learned a thing . And their navel-gazing , introspection moment was n't all that new or particularly self-aware , as more than a decade of RNC chairmen -- yes , they have all been men -- before Reince Priebus have all tried the same thing . Why the RNC built a year-round ground game In 2003 , Marc Racicot proclaimed that "  expanding our base by recruiting new Republican activists from traditionally strong and Democratic constituencies is our No. 1 priority . " Then , crickets . In 2005 , Ken Mehlman 's "  Conversations with the Community " targeted African-Americans . That did n't go so well . And in 2009 , Michael Steele 's failed "  50 State Strategy " spent a lot of money but did little else . Year after year , Republican leaders have admitted that their party is alienating huge swaths of voters . In last year 's report , for nearly 100 pages , they tried to convey the message : "  We get it . " But here we are , another year later , and all the Republican Party has gotten is a year older , with little else to show for it . What the GOP has offered over the past 12 months to solve its problems is simply a change in tactics . The party hired "  outreach staff " and placed them in communities they 've never been in before . But one must question whether it is effective outreach when your agenda keeps alienating the very people you are trying to include . The party is conducting "  candidate trainings " to teach them how to talk to  and about  women , hoping to stave off any more "  legitimate rape " moments , among other things . It 's worked to shorten the primary calendar and limit debates -- though ensuring that fewer people hear your agenda does n't seem a good tactic to achieve your goals on expansion . The attempted change in tactics has n't helped the party 's leaders , officials , or endorsed candidates with their chronic foot-in-mouth syndrome . In this past year , we 've heard Republican leaders and operatives call a female candidate an "  empty dress , " talk about women 's libidos , and -- once again -- try to downplay abuse . We 've heard them use derogatory terms to describe Latino immigrants , comparing them to drug mules . They have used insulting stereotypes for African-Americans , including just last week when former vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan used thinly veiled language to talk about the "  culture " of laziness among "  inner-city men . " And gay Americans have faced outright discrimination from Republicans at all levels -- from state party chairmen to candidates to elected officials . The Republican Party 's failure to rebrand has n't been limited to the disrespectful and insulting language . It continues to push an agenda that divides Americans , limits equally and denies to many the "  pursuit of happiness " -- i.e. , access to economic opportunity . In other words , the GOP 's philosophy has n't changed . The leaders may have set out to become a party that is more "  inclusive and welcoming , " but in reality the GOP has moved in the opposite direction . It continues to alienate large communities of Americans , embracing a rhetoric that emphasizes fear of others and , ironically , entitlement for themselves . The biggest problem for the Republican Party has never been its primary calendar , its campaign tactics or a lack of trainings . The party 's biggest problem is what it believes , what it says and how it governs . The good news is Democrats have spent the year building on a foundation of outreach rooted in our core values and an agenda based on equal opportunity . Democrats have pushed for equal pay for women because we know that when women succeed , America succeeds . We push for full equality for all Americans , regardless of where they live , what they look like or who they love . We push for commonsense immigration reform that is the right thing to do for our economy and our country . And we push an economic agenda that simply levels the playing field so that every American has a chance to move up the economic ladder . Democrats will use innovative programs and tools to empower grassroots supporters and ensure that Democrats up and down the ballot have the resources they need to win -- so that we can work to expand opportunity for all Americans . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	A year after the GOP 's "  self-reflection , " Donna Brazile says it does n't appear they get it All the GOP has offered is simply a change in tactics , she says Brazile thinks they still do n't get women , minorities and push an agenda that divides Americans In other words , she argues , the GOP 's philosophy has n't changed
CNN  -- Patriarch Bartholomew is the living embodiment of one of the world 's oldest institutions -- the Greek Orthodox Church in Constantinople . But he could be the last to hold the title in what is modern-day Istanbul , in secular but Muslim majority Turkey . CNN 's "  World 's Untold Stories " examines the dwindling Greek Orthodox community in Turkey and how they are faring . There has been a patriarch in Constantinople for 14 centuries , ever since it was the capital of Byzantium and the Eastern Roman Empire , ruling over the Eastern Mediterranean and much of the Middle East . To this day , Orthodox Christians around the world recite prayers to the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew , the "  first among equals . " Some describe him as the equivalent of the "  pope " for the world 's Orthodox Christians . But Bartholomew , who is now 70 , may become the last in a line of some 270 bishops in Constantinople . The Turkish government refuses to recognize Bartholomew 's title as "  Ecumenical Patriarch . " Twenty-five years ago , the Turkish government shut the seminary where Greek Orthodox clergy traditionally trained . Greeks who do not hold Turkish passports are barred from becoming clerics . Instead of being the spiritual leader of his faith , Bartholomew has become a symbol of the dwindling community of ethnic Greeks still living in modern-day Istanbul . There are only around 2,000 ethnic Greeks left in Istanbul . The last members of this community are gradually dying out , but they cling tenaciously to the churches and schools their ancestors built in what was once the capital of a Greek empire . "  World 's Untold Stories " showcases the best of CNN journalism covering powerful tales that are always captivating with compelling characters at the center . Recent episodes have covered the "  Train of Death " ride through Mexico to the U.S. , tracking down key figures from Cambodia 's Khmer Rouge regime , anti-Roma discrimination in Europe and extreme Christians in the United States .	Patriarch Bartholomew is head of the Greek Orthodox Church in Constantinople The title goes back 14 centuries but he could be the last Turkey closed the seminary 25 years ago and now only 2,000 Orthodox Greeks live in Istanbul Bartholomew has become a symbol of the dwindling community
London  CNN  -- The widening phone-hacking scandal that brought down one of Britain 's biggest newspapers claimed two more casualties Sunday as authorities arrested the paper 's former editor , Rebekah Brooks , and London 's police chief announced plans to resign . "  As commissioner , I carry ultimately responsibility for the position we find ourselves in . With hindsight , I wish we had juggled some matters involved in this affair differently . I did n't and that 's it , " Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson told reporters . His announcement came hours after authorities arrested former News of the World editor Brooks in connection with British police investigations into phone hacking and police bribery , her spokesman said . Brooks was released around midnight , but it remained unclear whether she would testify as scheduled Tuesday at a House of Commons hearing on the scandal . Stephenson stressed Sunday that he had behaved ethically , but said he decided to resign because increased scrutiny connected to the case would burden his department and detract from its accomplishments . "  I have taken this decision as a consequence of the ongoing speculation and accusations relating to the Met 's links with News International at a senior level , " said Stephenson , who became commissioner in 2009 of the Metropolitan Police , which also is known as Scotland Yard . Stephenson 's announcement came a day before British Home Secretary Theresa May is scheduled to make a statement to British lawmakers about relations between the Metropolitan Police and a former executive editor of the News of the World who was arrested last week in connection with the phone-hacking scandal . The former editor , Neil Wallis , became a communications consultant to the Met after leaving the paper . On Sunday , Stephenson denied accusations that the department suspected Wallis ' involvement in phone-hacking when they hired him as a consultant . "  I had no knowledge of the extent of this disgraceful practice and the repugnant nature of the selection of victims that is now emerging , nor of its apparent reach into senior levels , " Stephenson said . "  I saw senior figures from News International providing evidence that the misbehavior was confined to a rogue few and not known about at the top . " The Scotland Yard chief also denied that his free stay at an expensive spa earlier this year had anything to do with Wallis ' connection with the resort , Champneys . In a statement earlier Sunday , the Met said Stephenson 's stay was arranged by the resort 's managing director , who is a personal family friend . "  There has been no impropriety and I am extremely happy with what I did and the reasons for it . ... The attempt to represent this in a negative way is both cynical and disappointing , " Stephenson said . British Prime Minister David Cameron issued a statement Sunday praising Stephenson for his "  long and distinguished career . " "  While I know that today must be a very sad occasion for him , I respect and understand his decision to leave the Met , and I wish him well for the future , " he said . He added that Metropolitan Police investigators must "  do everything possible to ensure the investigations into phone hacking and alleged police corruption proceed with all speed , with full public confidence and with all the necessary leadership and resources to bring them to an effective conclusion . " Earlier Sunday , authorities arrested Brooks . She was being quizzed by police in London after having come in by appointment , a Metropolitan Police spokesman said . Brooks did not know she was going to be arrested when she arrived , her spokesman Dave Wilson said . The police agency does not release names of suspects arrested and police officials referred CNN to a statement describing an unnamed 43-year-old woman 's release when asked whether Brooks remained in custody . Brooks ' spokesman told CNN she was released shortly before midnight and was at home early Monday morning . Scotland Yard said the woman was released on bail and is scheduled to return to a London police station in October . Brooks resigned on Friday as chief executive of Rupert Murdoch 's News International , which published the News of the World . The company also did not know she was about to be arrested when it accepted her resignation , a News International source told CNN Sunday , asking not to be named discussing internal corporate affairs . It was not clear how her arrest will affect the hearing Tuesday in the House of Commons . Committee member Louise Mensch , a Conservative member of Parliament , said the committee chair was "  taking legal advice " on the situation . Wilson said that over the next 24 to 36 hours Brooks ' attorneys will be in discussion with the select committee to see whether her appearance at the hearing is still appropriate . Mark Stephens , a prominent British media lawyer , told CNN the arrest was "  somewhat theatrical , " given that Brooks has apparently not been charged with a crime . Brooks had asked police since January whether they wanted to speak with her , but was told that was not needed , Wilson said . While she received a call Friday to come in Sunday and answer questions , she was not told she would be arrested on arrival , Wilson said , adding that it came as a shock to Brooks . Brooks is adamant that she is innocent of any wrongdoing , Wilson said . Brooks is the eighth person arrested in connection with the phone-hacking probe and the fourth arrested in the bribery investigation , police said Sunday . Two people , including Brooks , have been detained over both probes , meaning a total of 10 people have been arrested . News International said Sunday before the arrest that it would "  not tolerate wrongdoing " and was determined to rebuild its reputation . News International said it would compensate those affected by its illegal phone hacking , cooperate fully with the police and had hired a law firm to "  examine past failings " and recommend new procedures to make sure they are not repeated . The promise comes in national newspaper advertisements in all the major Sunday British newspapers -- a group that this week does not include the News of the World for the first time in 168 years . Murdoch closed the paper last week , less than a week after it came out that reporters working for him had illegally eavesdropped on the phone of a missing girl , Milly Dowler , and deleted some of her messages to make room for more . She was later found dead . Closing the paper has not put an end to the scandal , which has exposed the close links the British press has with both politicians and the police . Media baron Murdoch apologized to the British public with full-page advertisements in seven national newspapers Saturday . "  We are sorry , " says Saturday 's ad , which was signed by Murdoch . He did not sign Sunday 's ad . "  The News of the World was in the business of holding others to account . It failed when it came to itself . We are sorry for the serious wrongdoing that occurred . We are deeply sorry for the hurt suffered by the individuals affected . " Murdoch 's apology comes after his media empire lost two top executives Friday . Brooks on Friday resigned from her post as chief executive at News International , the British arm of Murdoch 's News Corp. . Hours later , her predecessor , Les Hinton resigned . Murdoch also visited Milly Dowler 's family on Friday . Police in the United Kingdom have identified almost 4,000 potential targets of phone hacking in documents recovered from a private investigator working for the paper . There were also allegations that News Corp. reporters may have bribed police officers . Murdoch 's campaign of contrition started 12 days after the scandal first broke and barely a week after the News of the World , Britain 's best-selling Sunday tabloid , was shut down by News International in the face of public outrage . Murdoch , his son , James , and Brooks are to appear before British politicians Tuesday to answer questions over the phone hacking scandal . Some of the claims Brooks faces relate to the News of the World 's alleged hacking , while she was editor , into Dowler 's mobile phone account . She has warned that her answers may be limited by ongoing police and judicial inquiries . "  As chief executive of the company , I feel a deep sense of responsibility for the people we have hurt , and I want to reiterate how sorry I am for what we now know to have taken place , " she said in a statement Friday . Hinton , who most recently served as chief executive of Dow Jones , publisher of The Wall Street Journal , wrote to Murdoch to say that although he had been unaware of alleged misconduct when he was executive chairman of News International , which operated the now-defunct News of the World , he had to take responsibility . "  The pain caused to innocent people is unimaginable , " he said in a letter provided by Dow Jones . Cameron has been among those publicly decrying the hacking , blasting Murdoch 's company Wednesday as he launched a high-powered judge-led investigation into the nation 's press . Yet he has his own ties to the scandal , given his relationship with Andy Coulson . Coulson resigned as News of the World editor in 2007 after his former royal editor and a private detective were convicted of conspiracy to hack into royals ' voice mails . But while offering his resignation , he insisted he had been unaware of the crimes and he was not charged at the time . After last year 's election , Cameron became prime minister -- and appointed Coulson as his communications director . Coulson resigned as Cameron 's spokesman in January when the scandal blew up afresh . Cameron hosted Coulson overnight in March at Chequers , the prime minister 's country estate , a Downing Street source said Friday . The aim of the invite , added the source , was to thank his former communications director for his work on Cameron 's behalf . Earlier this month , Coulson was arrested in connection with claims of phone hacking and corruption dating to his days as the News of the World editor . After the arrest , the prime minister took full responsibility for hiring Coulson . But while not denying this personal connection , Cameron has maintained public pressure against News Corp. . Meanwhile , the FBI is also investigating News Corp. after a report that employees or associates may have tried to hack into phone conversations and voice mail of September 11 survivors , victims and their families . Murdoch 's News Corp. encompasses Fox News , The Wall Street Journal , the New York Post and Harper Collins publishers in the United States . News International -- a British subsidiary of News Corp. -- owns the Sun , The Times and The Sunday Times in Britain . CNN 's Andreena Narayan , Atika Shubert , Anna Stewart and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : Rebekah Brooks ' spokesman says she has been released and is at home NEW : Police say she is scheduled to return to a London police station in October Police chief : "  I wish we had juggled some matters involved in this affair differently " The commissioner says he behaved ethically but is responsible for the department
CNN  -- A Maryland man who was in the process of being fired was taken into custody Friday after allegedly calling himself a "  joker " and threatening a supervisor , police said . Police in the counties of Prince George 's and Anne Arundel acted on the alleged threat and the use of the word "  joker . " The Joker is the nemesis of the comic character Batman and a character in the film "  The Dark Knight . " Police say the suspect in last Friday 's shooting inside a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , where the film was being shown , identified himself afterward to police as "  the Joker . " James Holmes has been arrested in the shooting , in which 12 people were killed and scores more wounded . Movie massacre : ` Oh my God , this is really happening ' "  An individual who was in the process of being fired was involved in two separate conversations with his supervisor , " Prince George 's County Police Chief Mark Magaw told reporters . "  Both of those times and both of those telephone conversations he made significant threats to coming back and harming people at the business . " Magaw added , "  In fact , he said ` I 'm a joker and I 'm gon na load my guns and blow everyone up . ' " Magaw said that , in light of the Aurora incident , "  it 's important  for  the community to know that we take all threats seriously and if you 're going to make a threat , we will take action . " Magaw said police went Thursday afternoon to the man 's apartment in Crofton to interview him and found him wearing a T-shirt that said , "  Guns do n't kill people . I do . " Later in the day , a district court judge issued a court order for the man to be held on an emergency commitment . Early Friday , police picked him up from his apartment and took him to Anne Arundel County Medical Center , where he was being given a mental health evaluation , Magaw said . "  Our first and immediate responsibility was to get him mental help , if that was what he needed , " he said . A search of the man 's apartment yielded 25 guns and thousands of rounds of ammunition , he said . "  We believe this was a significant threat based on some of the mental issues this individual has , the weapon capability he had  and  what he said to the employees at Pitney Bowes , " Magaw said , referring to the business involved . Pitney Bowes issued a statement Friday saying the man was an employee of a subcontractor for the company and "  has not been on any Pitney Bowes property in more than four months . " Pitney Bowes makes postage meters and scales and other products . Magaw said that , given Pitney Bowes ' status as a federal contractor , the man could be subject to federal charges . Charges are being reviewed and may be filed over the weekend , Magaw said . Colorado shooting suspect was a psychiatric patient Opinion : Why the media can not ignore the killer Court appearance fuels theories about Colorado shooting suspect	NEW : "  Guns do n't kill people . I do , " says the man 's T-shirt , according to police Incident comes in the wake of last Friday 's massacre in Aurora , Colorado The suspect was in the process of being fired , police said The man calls himself a "  joker , " police said
Mashable  -- Have you ever wondered which smartphone would last the longest when cooked like a hamburger ? Us too . This neat little video of an iPhone 4 , an Android G2 and a HTC Surround getting seared and charred has been making the viral video rounds . Each of the phones delivers digital smack talk  "  How do you like them apples ?! "  before the searing heat puts them out of their misery . The video is apparently designed to promote the EZGrill disposable grill . They got some help though from Seattle-based Banyan Branch . Not bad for the cost of three phones and a grill . In case you were wondering , the Android was the first to go , while the iPhone 's temperature protection feature kicked in right on schedule . That makes the Windows Phone 7 the most fire-resistant of the bunch . Check out the video to see the full BBQ action . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Video showing iPhone 4 , Android and Windows Phone 7 on grill goes viral Video used to promote EZgrill disposable grill Windows Phone 7 was most fire-resistant one of the bunch
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- With memories of last year 's killer typhoons still fresh , Typhoon Megi roared across the Philippines on Monday , ripping through roofs and cutting off electricity . The cyclone 's peak wind speeds decreased as the system moved over the Sierra Madre mountains , but it still packed sustained winds of around 167 kph  103 mph  with gusts up to 204 kph  126 mph  , according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center . This is down from peak sustained winds of 212 kph , with gusts up to 259 kph  161 mph  , over the weekend . Megi , also known as Typhoon Juan , was expected to pick up steam again as it heads over the South China Sea . Current forecasts from the Joint Typhoon Center show the storm heading toward the southeastern China coast , just west of Hong Kong . In the Philippines , five people have died in what the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council is billing as the strongest storm of the year , according to Catherine Martin , manager of disaster management services at the Philippine National Red Cross . Emergency workers pulled the body of Vicente Decena , 53 , from a bloated river ; a tree fell on the house of Aileen Respicio , 20 , killing her and injuring her child . Five others were injured elsewhere , the disaster council reported . Even as it weakened , Megi continued to pose a serious threat . Trees swayed and relentless rains inundated roads . Storm chaser James Cabrera , who was in Luzon , said parts of the Philippines could see 300 to 500 millimeters  12 to 20 inches  of rain . "  Unfortunately , this is a part of the world where the infrastructure is quite fragile , the power grid is quite fragile and a lot of people live in quite basic houses , " James Reynolds , a storm chaser who is on Luzon , told CNN on Monday . "  We have learned our lessons from the grim experiences we had during typhoons Ondoy -LSB- known internationally as Ketsana -RSB- and Pepeng -LSB- Parma -RSB- , " House Speaker Feliciano Belmonte Jr. said , according to the Philippine News Agency . "  We must all cooperate because nature 's wrath exempts no one . " A year ago , tens of thousands of people were in evacuation centers as four consecutive typhoons drenched the Philippines . About 500 people were reported dead . Journalist Eduardo Lingao in Manila contributed to this report for CNN .	Typhoon Megi , also known as Typhoon Juan , has weakened further over land The storm is expected to regain strength as it moves over the South China Sea Northern areas of Luzon have been battered by heavy rain and strong winds Parts of the Philippines could get 300 to 500 millimeters  12 to 20 inches  of rain
CNN  -- The era of "  Breaking Bad " is truly coming to an end -- and one of the stars is having some fun with it . Aaron Paul announced on Instagram Wednesday night that he will be hosting a "  Breaking Bad " scavenger hunt in Los Angeles on the day of the Primetime Emmy Awards in honor of the show 's final nominations . "  There will be signed ` Breaking Bad ' scripts , posters , dolls , action figures and some really cool ` Breaking Bad ' art hidden all over the Hollywood area , " Paul wrote . "  Just wanted to do a little something to say ` Thank You ' to everyone that has supported us thru out the years . We could n't have done it without you ! " The acclaimed series , which aired its final episode on September 29 , 2013 , garnered 16 Emmy nominations this year , including outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for Paul for his portrayal as Jesse Pinkman . Emmy nominations 2014 : The complete list While the show is gone , it is in no way forgotten . From oddsmakers picking it to do well at the awards to an Emmys "  Breaking Bad " spoof , the series seems to be as beloved as it ever was when it was still airing . The 66th Primetime Emmys will air August 25 on NBC .	Aaron Paul will have a scavenger hunt in L.A. on Emmy day "  Breaking Bad " has its curtain call with final-season nominations There will be scripts , action figures and art hidden all over Hollywood
CNN  -- Who could 've ever predicted that 140 characters could screw up so many people 's lives ? But that 's exactly what has happened to politicians , executives , government staff and others because of their comments on Twitter . This social media platform has morphed from a fun place to an information hub to a career killer . And astoundingly , even people who work in PR -- you know , the folks who are supposed to advise clients on how to avoid social media disasters -- can tweet out statements that cause a media uproar . We saw that this weekend when Justine Sacco -- who at that time was a PR executive -- tweeted shortly before her 12-hour flight to South Africa on Friday : "  Going to Africa . Hope I do n't get AIDS . Just kidding . I 'm white ! " Those 64 characters tweeted by Sacco resulted in her now being known as "  ex-PR executive . " Sacco was fired by IAC , the media company headed by Barry Diller , within hours of landing in South Africa . The lesson here is clear : Just because you say "  Just kidding " or "  LOL " after your statement does n't mean you wo n't get canned for your tweet . Sacco apologized Sunday : "  For being insensitive to this crisis -- which does not discriminate by race , gender or sexual orientation , but which terrifies us all uniformly -- and to the millions of people living with the virus , I am ashamed . " Of course , not every Twitter mistake ends a career . Some just result in embarrassment or an avalanche of mocking tweets . For example , recently the Republican National Committee tweeted : "  Today we remember Rosa Parks ' bold stand and her role in ending racism . " The RNC 's intent was to commemorate the anniversary of Rosa Parks ' refusal to move to the back of a segregated bus in 1955 . But instead , the tweet set off a firestorm with people ridiculing the RNC for suggesting that racism had ended in America . Consequently , the RNC was compelled to tweet out a clarification . The paradox of Twitter is that it 's really easy to use and it 's just as easy to screw up . So in an effort to help people avoid the pitfalls that have caught so many others , here are some tips for you to keep in mind before you press "  send " on that next tweet . 1 . Proofread your tweets Sounds simple enough , right ? But since we all tweet in a hurry , we often send out typos . One of the worst typos was made by White House senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer , who put out a tweet that accidentally included the N-word .  He was trying to tweet the word "  bigger . "  Of course , he deleted that tweet and apologized . But a quick proofread would 've prevented this . 2 . Racist tweets = unemployment This should be a no-brainer , but then again so should proofreading tweets . 3 . Nothing on Twitter stays anonymous forever Okay , you 're not an idiot . You know enough not to badmouth your employer or co-workers on your personal Twitter account . So you create a fake Twitter account . Genius , right ?! Well , just ask Jofi Joseph , a former senior National Security Council staffer who did just that . Joseph created an anonymous Twitter account and leveled criticism at co-workers and even his superiors . He was discovered and fired . Honestly , how can a guy who works with the NSC not realize that the NSC could figure out who he was ?! 4 . You ca n't really delete tweets Sure , there 's a delete button on Twitter , but once it 's out there , simply put : You 're screwed . For example , earlier this year the spokesman for Rep. Raul Labrador tweeted out on the congressman 's official Twitter account : "  Me likey Broke Girls , " in reference to the CBS show "  2 Broke Girls . " The spokesman quickly deleted the tweet , but a short time later the congressman deleted the spokesman from his staff . 5 . You do n't have to be famous to get fired for a tweet Having a lower-level job and only a few Twitter followers does n't translate into immunity from being canned for a tweet . That 's the lesson a young guy who worked at a food truck in New York City discovered the hard way . In his case , a big group from a local company ordered food but did n't leave a tip . A few minutes later the employee took to his personal Twitter account to mock the people who had stiffed him and mentioned their company by name . How many Twitter followers did he have ? About 300 . But two days later he was fired for ridiculing customers . 6 . Even jokes can get you fired I 'm a comedian , and I 've been subjected to numerous attacks for my jokes on Twitter -- usually from people who say they are offended that I mock their conservative icons . That comes with the territory of being a comedian . But there 's a line that comedians can cross which will actually get you fired . Comedian Gilbert Gottfried found out exactly where that line was drawn after he tweeted a series of jokes seemingly mocking the victims of the Japanese tsunami in 2011 . Gottfried apologized , but that was n't enough for insurance giant Aflac . He was fired from his gig as the voice of the Aflac duck . 7 . Do n't confuse sending a direct message with tweeting This is an easy mistake to make -- just ask former Rep. Anthony Weiner . Direct messages go to one person and are private like an e-mail . Weiner 's problem occurred when he intended to send a photo of himself in his underwear via direct message to one woman . Turns out he accidentally sent the photo to everyone on Twitter . The rest is history . 8 . If still in doubt about a tweet , try the "  FireMe ! " app This app will rate your tweet to give you a sense of whether you will be fired for sending it out . While not foolproof , it can be helpful . Hopefully , these eight suggestions will help you better navigate Twitter without losing your job . Of course , there will always be people who get fired for using Twitter inappropriately . But the upside is that without a job , they will have more time to think before they tweet . It 's just too bad that they did n't do that earlier . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Unwise tweets have ruined careers , reputations Obeidallah : PR executive Justine Sacco was fired for her tweet about AIDS and Africa He offers 8 ways to help people avoid the pitfalls of tweeting before thinking Obeidallah : If you 're still in doubt about a tweet , use the "  FireMe ! " app
CNN  -- In July 2011 , my husband and I traveled to a Russian orphanage to meet a 2-year-old girl . We petitioned the Russian courts to adopt her , and waited 14 agonizing months to be granted a court date , all along fearing we would never be able to bring her home . Now , 46 families are stuck in that nightmare of waiting for an indefinite amount of time . Russia has banned Americans from adopting Russian orphans . These families , like ours , left their Russian children holding small albums with photos of their soon-to-be families . And now those children have nothing more than a broken promise . Russia 's adoption ban was passed in retaliation for the United States ' passage of the Magnitsky Act , a human rights bill targeting Russian officials . But while it is designed to hit Americans in the heart , it also condemns thousands of Russian orphans who could have found families in America . Orphanages , even the good ones , are institutions . They are no substitutes for parents . Children who grow up in institutions experience poor physical , cognitive and emotional health and are more likely to end up in poverty , experience drug abuse , or commit suicide . Orphaned children have suffered already ; the adoption ban ensures they will suffer more . Institutionalized children need families , not staff . When children become wards of the state , they need the government to find adoptive families , in their home country or failing that , internationally . Many Americans want to bring Russian orphans into their families , but years of political maneuvering have made it harder and harder . Legal changes have also contributed to a steady decline in the number of Russian orphans adopted by Americans . We experienced many of the changes during our adoption process . Not all of them are bad . Many of the procedures are clearly intended to protect the children . However , some of the changes made it more challenging for families willing to jump through the hoops of two governments . There 's more uncertainty involved , and the length of time to complete an adoption has increased , as well as the costs . Our daughter , Anastasia , spent a needless year waiting to come home . When other adopted children were picked up by their families , she would take out her photo of the three of us and ask her caregivers where her mama and papa were . Less than a decade ago , 4,000 to 5,000 Russian children found adoptive families in America each year . In 2011 , the number dropped to 970 . The steep decline in international adoptions from Russia , along with the recent ban , is a step in the wrong direction . It is easy to understand why international adoption is a hot-button issue for many countries . It can feel shameful for a government to require international charity to solve its own problems . But even countries like the U.S. allow for intercountry adoption . Ultimately , the goal should be to find adoptive families for orphans , and sometimes those families can not be found in the child 's home country . Mother to mother : An adoptive mom 's plea to first lady Michelle Obama My husband and I returned to Russia for a third time in October 2012 to bring Anastasia -- then 3 Â 1/2 years old -- home . Our daughter was well cared for by the good people in her orphanage for 912 days . But the lack of love and care that can be provided by a nurturing family impacted her emotionally and physically . During our first week as a family , Anastasia gave us the most confused looks when we tried to hold her , tickle her , or otherwise play with her . Two months later , though she still struggled to make sense of her story , she sought us out for snuggles and gradually started to like being chased , tickled , hugged and loved . Anastasia 's 912 days of delayed growth are disappearing . But children who remain in orphanages never overcome these delays . Children living in orphan institutions need world leaders who do not use them as political pawns , but rather work to protect them . Russia 's adoption ban must be lifted . It punishes thousands of children whose only chance of finding an adoptive family is through international adoption . Russia should start by making good on its promise to the 46 families who are left in limbo . These children are waiting to go home , waiting for what every child deserves -- a loving family . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laura Jean .	Russia has banned Americans from adopting Russian orphans Laura Jean : World leaders should not use children as political pawns She says orphanages are institutions ; they are poor substitute for parents Jean : Russia should lift ban so that orphans have a better chance to find families
CNN  -- An outbreak of mumps , first reported at The Ohio State University , has spread beyond campus and into the community , health officials said . As of Monday , 63 cases of mumps were reported in Franklin County , Ohio , according to Columbus Public Health . Forty-five of those are linked to the university outbreak , said Jose Rodriguez , spokesman for the health department . "  The university cases have occurred in men and women between the ages of 18 and 48 , while the community cases have occurred in residents of Columbus and Franklin County between the ages of 4 and 50 , " the department said in a statement . The first OSU cases were reported on February 11 , Rodriguez said Monday . CNN Health Library : Learn more about mumps The department is working with other universities to make sure they are ready to vaccinate members of the university community and promote infection control measures . The most important of those are : wash your hands , cover your cough and stay home if you 're sick , he said . Mumps is "  a highly infectious disease " that spreads the same way as a cold or flu does -- through respiratory droplets when someone coughs or sneezes . Five days of isolation is required , "  and that can be complicated in a university setting , " he said . Even more frightening -- one-third of cases have no symptoms , he said . The 63 cases are those who became ill ; others may be spreading the disease unknowingly . OSU students went on spring break "  right as this was exploding , " Rodriguez said , and local health officials contacted the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta to warn other departments to be on the lookout . "  The numbers doubled when the kids came back , " he said . Cases of mumps were also reported at Fordham University in New York last month . Some 97 % of those in the Ohio outbreak have been vaccinated , he said . The vaccine is 80 % to 90 % effective , meaning 10 % to 20 % of people who have been vaccinated might become ill anyway . Mumps typically begins with a fever , headache , muscle aches , fatigue and loss of appetite , which is followed by the swelling of salivary glands , according to the CDC . There is no specific treatment for mumps , and patients usually recover after a week or two , but occasionally the disease can cause serious complications such as encephalitis , meningitis , deafness or inflammation of the breasts or ovaries in girls who have reached puberty , the CDC said . Children should receive their first vaccine for measles , mumps and rubella at 12 to 15 months , and the second dose at 4 to 6 years , according to the CDC . Columbus Public Health is urging those at high risk -- including those who have not been vaccinated or those who only received one dose -- to get vaccinated . 2013 : East Coast mumps outbreak linked to nightclub	As of Monday , 63 mumps cases have been reported in one Ohio county Of those , 45 are linked to The Ohio State University campus Mumps can occasionally lead to serious complications , the CDC says
Chinese police killed 11 assailants who launched what state media described as a terrorist attack on Friday afternoon at a food market in Xinjiang , in the country 's northwest . It came as the region 's People 's Congress passed a new law to clamp down on religious extremism , including banning people from practicing religion in government offices , public schools , business or institutions , China Daily reported . The law gives local authorities the right to ban people from wearing clothes or logos associated with religious extremism , although the types of clothing and symbols were n't specified . The regulation also prohibits people from viewing videos about jihad and religious extremism . In Friday 's attack , assailants threw explosives and attacked people with knives at a crowded food market in Shache County , killing four civilians . Fourteen others taken to hospital with injuries , state news agency Xinhua reported . It 's one of a number of attacks in the region , the scene of ethnic tension between the indigenous Uyghurs , a mainly Turkic-speaking Muslim population , and Han Chinese . The new law on religious extremism -- the first in the country -- will come into force in January . The law defines religious extremism as "  activities or comments that twist the doctrines of a religion and promote thoughts of extremism , violence and hatred , " China Daily reported . The article quoted Ma Mingcheng , deputy director of the Xinjiang People 's Congress and director of its legislative affairs committee , as saying that "  an increasing number of problems involving religious affairs have emerged in Xinjiang . " "  The old regulation , which was passed 20 years ago , just can not handle new situations , such as the spreading of terrorist or extreme religious materials via the Internet or social media , and using religion to interfere in people 's lives , " Ma said . State media has reported a number of violent attacks in Xinjiang , including the deaths of 37 civilians in a knife and ax attack in Shache in July . A local court sentenced 12 terrorists to death in October . Fifteen others were sentenced to death with a two-year reprieve .	State news : Assailants throw explosives , attack with knives on a street in Xinjiang Police kill 11 of the attackers , four other civilians killed and 14 injured Attack came as Xinjiang People 's Congress passed new law on religious extremism Xinjiang has been site of ethnic strife involving Han Chinese and the indigenous Uyghurs
CNN  -- Amnesty International on Friday urged Saudi Arabian authorities not to paralyze a man as punishment for his having paralyzed someone else , allegedly during a fight . The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported that the judge in the case had sent letters to several hospitals in Saudi Arabia asking if they could sever a man 's spinal cord , as the man he allegedly stabbed had requested and , under sharia law , was his right to seek . But such a punishment would amount "  to nothing less than torture , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , acting director of the organization 's Middle East and North Africa Programme . "  While those guilty of a crime should be held accountable , intentionally paralyzing a man in this way would constitute torture , and be a breach of its international human rights obligations . " The paralyzed man , 22-year-old Abdul-Aziz al-Mitairy , told Okaz that the accused stabbed him in the back with a large knife during a fight more than two years ago . "  The accused confessed to the crime in front of police , resulting in a general sentence of seven months , " he told the newspaper . During that time , the court in the northwest province of Tabuk debated how to carry out the surgery the paralyzed man was seeking as punishment for his alleged attacker , news reports said . Riyadh 's King Faisal Specialist Hospital , one of the kingdom 's leading hospitals , responded that , from a medical perspective , it would not be possible for them to cause the injury by performing such surgery , Okaz reported . But apparently at least one hospital said it would be possible . "  According to one report , one hospital said it would be possible to medically administer the injury at the same place on the spinal cord as the damage the man is alleged to have caused his victim using a cleaver , during a fight more than two years ago , causing similar paralysis , " Amnesty said in a news release . It is up to the court to decide whether to impose the paralysis punishment or sentence the man to imprisonment , financial compensation , or flogging , it said . The alleged attacker , who has not been identified publicly , "  was convicted and sentenced following a trial where he was said to have had no legal assistance , " Amnesty added . International human rights law would consider such a sentence to be a violation of the prohibition of torture and other cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment and to break the U.N. Convention Against Torture to which Saudi Arabia is a party , Amnesty said . It would also violate the principles of medical ethics adopted by the U.N. General Assembly , it said . Other sentences of retribution in the kingdom have included eye-gouging , tooth extraction , and death in cases involving murder , it said . International organizations are not the only ones to protest . Outrage has been expressed by bloggers in Saudi Arabia over the sentence , which underscores the societal struggle in Saudi Arabia between hardliners , who hew to tribal justice , and progressives , who consider such verdicts to be draconian and bad for the country 's international image . The fact that newspapers and bloggers are questioning decisions by courts -- institutions traditionally considered above reproach -- is a relatively recent phenomenon in Saudi Arabia , where other such sentences have captured international attention . "  This case in Saudi Arabia is not the only case of its kind , " said Akbar Ahmed , a former commissioner of justice in Pakistan who is chairman of the department of Islamic Studies at American University in Washington . "  We see many cases like this -- stoning or beheading or cutting off hands or feet in Iran , Afghanistan and parts of Pakistan , which are very tribal . " Under Islamic law , compassion is an important virtue for any judge , Ahmed said . "  However harsh the punishment would be in tribal law , an eye for an eye , the compassion element that must be exercised by the judge overrides it , and I 'm afraid we do n't see much of that in cases like this where , very often , the victim becomes twice punished , " he added . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Amir Ahmed contributed to this story .	Amnesty International asks Saudi court not to carry out the retribution The organization says such a punishment would amount to "  nothing less than torture " The victim was paralyzed after being stabbed in the back
New York  CNN  -- Performances of the troubled Broadway musical "  Spider-Man : Turn Off the Dark " are scheduled to resume Thursday evening after a performer was injured during a show , a spokesman said . The show 's producers acted on the guidance of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the New York State Department of Labor , according to spokesman Rick Miramontez . During Monday 's performance , 31-year-old Christopher Tierney fell at least 20 feet and was hospitalized . Earlier , Broadway actor Adam Pascal called for the prosecution of the show 's director , Julie Taymor , because of a series of recent mishaps , including Tierney 's injury . "  They should put Julie Taymor in jail for assault ! " Pascal posted on the social networking site Facebook . He called for lawsuits against Taymor and others invested in the production , such as musical stars Bono and David Howell Evans . Pascal later recanted the comments , saying , "  I think some of you missed the intended humor in my post , although my anger is real , I do n't think anyone should sue Bono and the Edge you dummy ! Or put Julie Taymor in jail you double dummy . I was making a point . " Pascal 's representative , Rich Aronstein from RJ productions , confirmed the posts were authentic . The show , with music and lyrics by U2 's Bono and Howell  aka The Edge  , is the most expensive in Broadway history , but production has been beset by cast injuries and technical problems . Taymor said the accident was "  obviously heartbreaking for our entire team and , of course , to me personally . " "  I am so thankful that Chris is going to be all right and is in great spirits , " Taymor said in a statement Tuesday . "  Nothing is more important than the safety of our Spider-Man family and we 'll continue to do everything in our power to protect the cast and crew . " Tierney was initially listed in serious condition at Bellevue Hospital . The fall that injured him was caused by human error , the Actors Equity Association , a performers ' union , said Wednesday . On Tuesday , the "  Spider-Man " company met with officials from the union , as well as representatives of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the New York State Department of Labor . The union did not give details on the error , but the group said it worked with the other agencies to develop a safety plan to address the issue . Initially , only the Wednesday matinee performance was postponed after the incident , and performances were to resume Wednesday evening .	An actor fell during the performance and was hospitalized on Monday New safety protocols are being implemented for the show Broadway actor recants a Facebook post that musical director should be jailed
Taipei  CNN  -- It 's not every territory in the world that puts an Oscar-winning director 's name up in lights on a towering building . But that 's just the sort of thing that happens in Taiwan -- and it did on Monday night after Ang Lee picked up his second "  Best Director " Oscar , this time for "  Life of Pi . " The moment was n't just celebrated in grand statements , but in small scenes played out in front of televisions across Taiwan when his name was announced . I was at a TV station in Taipei that was broadcasting live coverage of the Oscars , working with a team of translators that was creating the subtitles for the rebroadcast . When Lee 's name was announced the office erupted in applause . Down the hallway , more cheering could be heard . I could n't help but think back to the Athens Games in 2004 , when Chen Shih-hsin won Taiwan 's first ever Olympic gold medal  under the team name "  Chinese Taipei "  . Even veteran news anchors shed tears when the young taekwondo star defeated her Cuban rival . It would be reductive to suggest that these displays of patriotism are simply the response of a small country that just does n't crank out that many Oscar winners or Olympic golds . It also speaks of a place that has been largely marginalized in the international community . Today , Taiwan has just 23 official diplomatic allies -- mostly other marginalized nations , in Central America and Africa . That 's because China still sees Taiwan as part of its territory more than 60 years after the Chinese Nationalists retreated to the island at the end of a Civil War against the Communists . The Nationalists -- or Kuomintang -- are now the ruling party in a democratic Taiwan , which is officially called the Republic of China  ROC  -- not to be confused with the People 's Republic of China on the Mainland . Having lost its seat at the United Nations to the PRC in 1971 , the ROC found itself with a diminished voice in the international community . It turned to manufacturing and technology in the 1980s , spurring on what is now referred to as an "  economic miracle . " Today , with its economy struggling to move past the global economic downturn , Taiwan has added the arts , sports , and even baking to its repertoire . What 's striking about Lee 's win is that it 's not just people in Taiwan who were quick to claim him as one of their own . In China , the state-run Xinhua news agency referred to him as "  Chinese-American . " While Taiwanese media latched onto the portion of Lee 's acceptance speech when he thanked Taiwan and the central city of Taichung where much of the movie was filmed , Xinhua 's main story included Lee 's line of thanks to the 3,000 people who worked on the film for "  believing this story and sharing this incredible journey with me . " In some ways it feels like "  Linsanity " all over again , when Taiwan and China both claimed basketball star Jeremy Lin as their own , leaving the international media struggling to chart the dangerous waters of identity politics to correctly describe him . VIEW : Photos from the red carpet A very small voice at the fringe of the discussion wonders why it 's important for people to know that Lin 's paternal grandmother lives in Taiwan and referred to him as "  a real Taiwanese , " or that Lee grew up in Tainan and still loves to visit his favorite noodle shop there . Others in Taiwan question why a nation 's confidence should be based on its success in the international community . With China looming to the north , now the world 's second biggest economy and wielding an influence that 's verging on "  superpower " status , the metaphor of Jonah and the whale comes to mind . The Taiwanese electorate is sharply divided on how it feels about the way ties with China have warmed ever since President Ma Ying-jeou first took office in 2008 . The benefits are obvious , considering China is Taiwan 's largest trade partner , but some worry that it could lead to a loss in autonomy . INTERACTIVE : Oscars by numbers The Ma administration has been mindful of the nationalistic rhetoric of the opposition , and although the president was born in Hong Kong , he has referred to himself in the past as "  Taiwanese as well as Chinese . " Ma was also quick to congratulate Lee following the Oscars , and to urge others to follow in the director 's footsteps and "  work hard at promoting Taiwan to the world . " Lee is just one name on a growing list of national heroes that both the government and the private sector have celebrated in recent years for putting Taiwan on the map : people like fashion designer Jason Wu , who moved to Canada from Taiwan and has created garments for U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama ; master baker Wu Pao-chun , who beat the French patissiers at their own competition -- Les Masters de la Boulangerie in 2010 ; Yani Tseng , the world 's number one female golfer ; and even the humble vegetable seller-turned-philanthropist Chen Shu-chu , who was selected by Time Magazine as one of its heroes of 2010 . So what are people saying when they embrace these heroes as Taiwanese ? They are saying "  Taiwan may be small and diplomatically isolated , but it deserves to have a voice in the international community . " While Lee may not speak about politics and no longer creates movies about Taiwan , he does have a voice and people do listen . And that 's worth spreading in lights across the world 's second-tallest building . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Ryan .	Ang Lee 's name beamed on building in Taiwan after Oscar win Lee , born in Taiwan , won award for best director for "  Life of Pi " Lee 's win created excitement in Taiwan and China , both claimed him as their own Ryan : "  In some ways it feels like ` Linsanity ' all over again "
CNN  -- MotoGP world champion Jorge Lorenzo will be kept under observation in hospital after flying off his bike in a 200-kilometers an hour crash during a wet practice session at Assen Thursday . Lorenzo will miss Saturday 's race in the Netherlands after being caught out by standing water on the track and flying over his handlebars , eventually landing heavily on his left shoulder and fracturing his collarbone . The Spaniard , who won in Spain and Italy , came off during the second session of practice at Turn 13 . According to race organizers , Lorenzo will be flown to Barcelona for surgery late Saturday or early Sunday . Xavier Mir , the doctor who carried out the examination on Lorenzo , confirmed the rider would undergo scans and be kept in for observation . "  Jorge has suffered an accident at over 200 kilometers an hour and the obvious injury at this point is a broken left clavicle , " he told the competition 's official website . "  However , as this was a significant accident , we have to take into account that there could also be head , thoracic or abdominal injuries . "  For now , we have taken him to hospital in Assen where CT scans will be carried out in those three areas to rule out any further injuries . "  It would also be a prudent move to observe him over 12 hours to make sure he can be treated by the appropriate parties when he arrives in Barcelona tomorrow  Friday  . " Lorenzo had moved to within seven points of world championship leader Dani Pedrosa following his recent victories . But he will now have to watch from the sidelines at a venue where he failed to make it past the first corner last year .	Jorge Lorenzo kept in hospital following high-speed crash Spaniard will miss weekend 's Dutch MotoGP after suffering fractured wrist Doctor confirms Lorenzo will be flown to Barcelona this weekend for surgery Yamaha rider had won his previous two races in Spain and Italy
The New York Times says Chinese hackers have carried out sustained attacks on its computer systems , breaking in and stealing the passwords of high-profile reporters and other staff members . According to The Times , one of the biggest and most respected U.S. newspapers , the cyberassaults took place over the past four months , beginning during an investigation by the newspaper into the wealth reportedly accumulated by relatives of the Chinese premier , Wen Jiabao . The Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday that its computer systems also had been infiltrated by Chinese hackers . The hackers were monitoring the newspaper 's China coverage , according to a written statement from Paula Keve , chief communications officer for parent company Dow Jones & Co. . "  Evidence shows that infiltration efforts target the monitoring of the Journal 's coverage of China , and are not an attempt to gain commercial advantage or to misappropriate customer information , " the statement read , according to The Journal . The Times 's reports on Wen 's family members , alleging they had amassed financial holdings worth billions of dollars through business transactions , infuriated Chinese authorities , who responded by blocking access to The Times ' website in mainland China . The Times said in an extensive article dated Wednesday that it had worked with computer security experts to monitor , study and then eject the attackers . It said that by following their movements , it aimed to "  erect better defenses to block them " in the future . The newspaper said that the security experts it used to counter the attacks had accumulated "  digital evidence that Chinese hackers , using methods that some consultants have associated with the Chinese military in the past , breached The Times 's network . " Asked about The Times 's allegations on Thursday , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry said that "  all such alleged attacks are groundless , irresponsible accusations lacking solid proof or reliable research results . " China has been the victim of cyberattacks and "  has laws and regulations prohibiting such actions , " the spokesman , Hong Lei , said at a regular news briefing . A separate statement from the Chinese Ministry of National Defense said the country 's military "  has never supported any hacker activities . " The U.S. State Department said that The Times 's experience with Chinese hackers is similar to those of other businesses and individuals and that the department has expressed its concerns to Chinese officials . "  The United States has substantial and growing concern about the threats to economic and national security posed by cyberintrusions , including the theft of commercial information , " department spokesman Peter Velasco said in a statement . "  We have repeatedly raised our concerns with senior Chinese officials , including military officials , and we will continue to do so . " On Thursday , it appeared that television censors in China were blacking out CNN 's reporting of the hacking story . China-focused journalists targeted According to The Times , the intruders hacked into the e-mail accounts of its Shanghai bureau chief , David Barboza , the reporter on the controversial articles about Wen 's relatives ' wealth , and Jim Yardley , the New Delhi bureau chief who had previously covered China . "  What they appeared to be looking for , " the Times article said , "  were the names of people who might have provided information to Mr. Barboza . " But the security experts hired by the newspaper "  found no evidence that sensitive emails or files from the reporting of our articles about the Wen family were accessed , downloaded or copied , " said Jill Abramson , executive editor of The Times . The investigators gathered evidence that the hackers obtained the corporate passwords for every Times employee , using them to break into the personal computers of 53 employees , most of them outside the newsroom . With the level of access the intruders had gained , senior editors at the newspaper were reportedly worried that they might attempt to disrupt the news organization 's publishing systems , notably on the night of the U.S. presidential election in November , when it said the attackers were especially active . "  They could have wreaked havoc on our systems , " Marc Frons , the Times ' chief information officer , said in the newspaper 's report . "  But that was not what they were after . " There was no evidence the hackers used the passwords they obtained to pursue information not connected to the Wen family investigation , The Times said , adding that no customer data were stolen . The Times said it informed and "  voluntarily briefed " the FBI about the attacks . An angry reaction last year At the time of the publication of the initial Times report on Wen 's family in October , Chinese authorities called it an attempt "  to blacken China 's image , " saying it had "  ulterior motives . " It came at a particularly sensitive time in China , a matter of weeks before the start of the ruling Communist Party 's 18th National Congress , at which the country 's next set of leaders was announced . The Times ' English - and Chinese-language websites remain blocked in mainland China , as do those of Bloomberg News , which in June published a report on the business interests of relatives of Xi Jinping , who is now the country 's top leader . The Chinese government tries aggressively to control the flow of information inside its borders about sensitive topics like unrest in Tibetan areas and criticism of senior officials . It strictly manages the output of domestic news media outlets and has a history of shutting off access to international news websites . Chinese authorities have blacked out the broadcast signal for international television stations like CNN and the BBC when they have aired sensitive reports about the country .	The Wall Street Journal says Chinese hackers entered its computer system too Chinese defense ministry says the military has never supported hackers NYT attacks reportedly began during a controversial investigation in China Hackers obtained the company passwords of every Times employee
CNN  -- The suicide of a Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity member at a Pennsylvania university may have been caused by hazing , police said Thursday . Marquise Braham , 18 , jumped to his death Friday from the roof of a Marriott hotel on Long Island while home for spring break , authorities said . "  He 's kind , gentle , fun , sarcastic , " the victim 's father , Rich Braham , told CNN affiliate News 12 Long Island . "  Just good to be around . His entire life was in Christ-centered education . " A freshman at Penn State Altoona , Braham may have been subjected to hazing and physical abuse at an off-campus fraternity house before he committed suicide , said Ron Heller , chief of the Logan Township Police Department . "  There are allegations of hazing , drug abuse , physical abuse and alcohol abuse , " said Heller , whose police force has jurisdiction of Logan Township , where the fraternity house is located . "  The state of Pennsylvania does not have a specific hazing  section  , but a harassment section which would clearly cover this , and if we link the young man 's death to hazing , the individuals could be charged with criminal homicide in Pennsylvania "  Depending on the nature of what this hazing was , it could rise to an assault , and if this young man was distraught over what happened , whether he received hazing or was part of it , we can link that to the perpetrators . If we can link it , we can charge them . " Shari Routch , director of university relations for Penn State Altoona , said the university 's Phi Sigma Kappa chapter has been suspended pending the investigation . "  Penn State is looking into alleged violations by the fraternity of the university 's code of conduct , " Routch said . "  There is a separate ... criminal investigation conducted by Logan Township police . We have zero tolerance for hazing , zero tolerance for violations of code of conduct and violations for any illegal activity . " Michael Carey , executive vice president of Phi Sigma Kappa , said the national fraternity was "  aware of the serious allegations " against its members and urged them to cooperate with law enforcement officials . The fraternity also was conducting an internal investigation . "  It would be improper to comment or speculate on the validity of any allegations of hazing or misconduct of the chapter until we have fully investigated this matter , " Carey said . Rich Braham said he imagined his son 's fraternity involvement to be like the movie "  Animal House . " "  You know , the pledging process , " he told News 12 Long Island . "  There probably would be some drinking , hopefully not too much . You know , wearing togas . " Heller said Marquise Braham apparently had discussed the hazing with an aunt and several friends . "  In Pennsylvania law , there is a section of causing or aiding a suicide , " Heller said . "  If you cause by force , stress , or deception someone to commit suicide , you can be charged with criminal homicide in Pennsylvania . " Routch said the university , which has nearly 4,000 students , was offering grief and counseling sessions for students and staff . "  We really want to be a support system for the campus community , " she said . "  We are a very tight-knit campus and want to support our individuals who have been affected by this . " The university has two fraternities and two sororities , Routch said . "  In the midst of allegations , " she said , "  we do as a community offer our sincerest condolences to Marquise 's family and friends . "	Marquise Braham , 18 , jumped to his death from the roof of a Marriott hotel on Long Island He may have been subjected to hazing , abuse at an off-campus fraternity house , police say "  He 's kind , gentle , fun , sarcastic , " says the victim 's father , Rich Braham
CNN  -- The Obama administration 's attempt to mandate that Catholic organizations provide contraception to their employees in insurance plans injected some ugly nostalgia into the presidential race in recent weeks . "  The sexual and religious politics of the 1990s  are  suddenly back , " wrote Andrew Sullivan in Newsweek , while Mormon Glenn Beck said that "  We are all Catholics now "  somebody tell the Pope  . President Barack Obama has stirred up the Republican Party 's inner-fundamentalist -- an angry , vengeful spirit currently being channeled by candidate Rick Santorum . As Saint Santorum leaps to the top of the national polls , it does indeed feel like a return to the 1990s . In that decade , the prominence of God and guns created a brutal partisan atmosphere that pitted liberal against conservative , libertine against fundamentalist . But while the issues Santorum is pushing are the same , America in 2012 is different place . Santorum will have to sell his social conservatism to the "  Modern Family " generation -- people who are a little more tolerant than their parents were and lot more interested in positive solutions to economics problems . In other words , this is not your mother 's culture wars . That one , the old one , was formally declared 20 years ago by conservative pundit and presidential candidate Pat Buchanan . On August 17 , 1992 , he told the Republican National Convention , "  There is a religious war going on in this country . It is a cultural war , as critical to the kind of nation we shall be as the Cold War itself . For this war is for the soul of America . " Watching at home , a young Rachel Maddow -- who had just come out to her friends as a lesbian -- recognized the speech as "  positive polarization , " dividing the country in two and reaching out to the bigger , more conservative half . Buchanan , she once told an interviewer , was "  without euphemism , declaring that my own country was at war with me . " At the time , a Gallup Poll showed that only 38 % of Americans thought homosexuality was an "  acceptable alternative lifestyle . " Positive polarization worked : The night after the speech , the GOP candidate President George H.W. Bush leapt 9 percentage points in the polls and looked competitive against Democratic challenger Bill Clinton . Clinton still won the 1992 election handily , but the culture war would handicap his presidency . It contributed to the Republican sweep of Congress in 1994 and climaxed in the impeachment of Clinton in 1998 .  He was acquitted . But America started to change in the new millennium . War and unemployment drew voters ' attention away from social issues . Religious conservatism as a political project was largely discredited by the burlesque of its leaders . Televangelist Pat Robertson claimed he could deflect hurricanes with prayer , Moral Majority founder Jerry Falwell blamed 9/11 on homosexuals , and evangelical pastor Ted Haggard bought crystal meth from a gay prostitute .  Update on Haggard : He 's now "  what the kids call bisexual . " Of course , social conservative activists never went away -- they just stopped proselytizing and joined the tea party instead . A recent Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life survey found that the tea party draws a great deal of its strength from religious conservatives . Sixty-four percent oppose gay marriage , 59 % want abortion illegal in most circumstances , and 42 % say they empathize with the "  Christian movement . " No wonder then that they are thrilled by the so-called revival of the culture war , or that they are gravitating toward the super Catholic Santorum . There is more than a thematic connection between Santorum and the age of Buchanan . Santorum 's campaign manager is Mike Biundo , who worked for Buchanan in 1996 . His statewide staff is peppered with former Buchananites  Jim Finnegan and Ted Maravelias of New Hampshire , Michael Phillips and Craig R Bachler of Florida  , and his list of endorsements is a roll call of '90s Christian conservatives : Gary Bauer , James Dobson , Phyllis Schlafly and Richard Viguerie . Just to complete the picture , Mitt Romney touted an endorsement from Buchanan 's old rival Bob Dole . The revival of the cultural conflict will probably help Santorum in the GOP primaries . All his victories have come in Midwest caucus states , with a turnout presumably dominated by the faithful . But within the wider population , the conversation about God and sex is probably less relevant than it was in Buchanan 's day . Attitudes on abortion have ebbed and flowed , but on everything else the public has mellowed . Take gay rights . In 1992 , 48 % of Americans thought sexual relations between people of the same gender should be legal . Now it 's 62 % and , for the first time , a majority of Americans also support same-sex marriage . Likewise , Public Policy Polling insists that Republican opposition to the contraception mandate will actually cost it votes . Generational change and economic problems have rendered debates about lifestyle largely academic . One might hypothesize that the new culture war is really about partisan battles between political elites rather than a genuine social rift within the adult population . At this moment in the news cycle , it hurts Obama that he is being screamed at by little old nuns , and it helps Santorum that he is mobilizing bishops and rabbis . But if Republicans fight the general election on the battlefield of culture , they are more likely to lose . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Tim Stanley says Catholic contraception dust-up cast by some as new culture war Stanley says this may work in GOP primaries , but it wo n't with today 's general voters He says social issues Pat Buchanan touted in 1992 do n't resonate in bad economy Stanley : "  War " is more relevant to political elites than voters and wo n't help GOP in election
EW  -- Holiday TV marathons have become almost as great a tradition as Fourth of July fireworks . Wednesday 's best bet : TNT 's "  Dallas " marathon . If you have n't yet caught the reboot -- as gloriously unruly as Larry Hagman 's eyebrows -- you can watch the first four episodes  starting at 5 p.m. ET  leading into a new one at 9 p.m. ET . It 's already been picked up for a second season , so it 's safe to get invested . Also at the top of our list : Two tributes to the late Andy Griffith . TV Land marathons "  The Andy Griffith Show " from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. ET , while the Hallmark Movie Channel , not to be outdone , airs "  Matlock " from 6 a.m. to 8 a.m. ET the following morning . The best of the rest : HBO Zone : Jaws movie marathon , through "  Jaws IV : The Revenge , " begins at 1:40 p.m. ET . Encore Action : Superman movie marathon , through "  Superman IV : The Quest for Peace , " starts at 2:50 a.m. ET , with the cycle repeating itself at the more humane hours of 11:15 a.m. and 7:35 p.m. ET . SCIENCE : "  Firefly "  8 a.m. to 3 a.m ET  -- perfect time to prep for the cast 's Comic-Con reunion next week . USA : "  NCIS "  10 a.m. ET to 11 p.m. ET  -- warning , this is how they convert new fans . BBC America : "  Star Trek : The Next Generation "  8 a.m. to 5 a.m. ET  -- random ? Syfy : "  The Twilight Zone "  8 a.m. to 5 a.m. ET  -- old faithful . Smithsonian Channel : "  Aerial America "  6 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET  -- the ultimate in armchair travel . HBO : "  John Adams "  10 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET  -- the Emmy-winning miniseries starring Paul Giamatti and Laura Linney , in its entirety . Spike : "  Band of Brothers "  9 a.m. ET to 6 p.m ET  -- not in its entirety . Military Channel : "  The Revolutionary War "  11 a.m. to 6 a.m. ET  -- patriotic ! G4 : "  Bomb Patrol : Afghanistan "  9 a.m. to 2 a.m. ET  -- ditto . History : "  The Revolution "  7 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET  -- ditto . A&E : "  Criminal Minds " :  9 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET  -- ditt ... oh , wait . Food Network : "  Diners , Drive-Ins and Dives "  10 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET  -- more or less addictive than Cake Boss  6 a.m. to noon ET , TLC  ? HGTV : "  House Hunters on Vacation "  6:30 a.m. to 9 a.m. ET  , various incarnations of "  House Hunters " and "  House Hunters International "  10 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET  -- a smart move . IFC : "  Whisker Wars "  7 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. ET , 2:30 p.m. to 6 p.m. ET  -- an inspired move . ABC Family : "  America 's Funniest Home Videos "  11 a.m. to 11 p.m. ET  -- a dumb move . TNT : "  The Mentalist "  10 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET  -- a move that no doubt pisses off a "  Law & Order " fan somewhere . VH1 : "  100 Greatest Songs of the 90s "  11 a.m. to 4 p.m. ET  -- remember , iTunes purchases add up . CLOO : "  House "  6 a.m. to 6 a.m. ET  -- gone but not forgotten , as long as there 's repeats . Animal Planet : "  Call of the Wildman : More Live Action ! / Call of the Wildman "  1:30 p.m. to 6 a.m. ET  -- in the woods of Kentucky . CMT : "  My Big Redneck Vacation "  10 a.m. to 10 p.m. ET  -- in the woods , somewhere . E! : "  Keeping Up With the Kardashians "  3 p.m. ET to 10 p.m. ET  -- in the woods , in your dreams . ID : "  Who the  Bleep  Did I Marry ? "  9 a.m. to 3 a.m. ET  -- still the best show title ever . P.S. For those of you who just want to know what channel is airing "  Independence Day , " it 's AMC  8 p.m. and 11 p.m. ET  . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The 4th of July offers lots of opportunity to watch TV Several series will have holiday marathons There will also be two tribute marathons to Andy Griffith
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy capped off a remarkable year by being named as the PGA Tour Player of the Year . The 23-year-old is the youngest player to win the trophy , named after 18-time major winner Jack Nicklaus , since Tiger Woods triumphed back in 1998 McIlroy enjoyed a stellar 2012 , winning four times on the PGA Tour , topping both the PGA and European money lists , as well as helping Europe to a stunning Ryder Cup success against the United States . McIlroy targeting major assault in 2013 The Northern Irishman claimed victory at The Honda Classic , PGA Championship , Deutsche Bank Championship and BMW Championship , pocketing a cool $ 8,047,952 on the U.S.-based circuit . McIlroy has been top of the rankings for 17 consecutive weeks and has held top spot for 24 weeks in total . He becomes the third European to win the award after England 's Luke Donald  2011  and Ireland 's Padraig Harrington  2008  . Rookie of the Year Meanwhile , John Huh was named as PGA Tour Rookie of the Year . The 22-year-old was the only rookie to qualify for the Tour Championship and the youngest since Sergio Garcia made it through at the age of 21 in 2001 . Huh claimed his first win at the Mayakoba Golf Classic in February , finished 29th in the FedEx Cup and 28th on the money list with $ 2,692,113 . Huh , who was born in New York but currently lives in Dallas , is the first player of Korean descent to win the award . "  On behalf of the PGA TOUR , my congratulations to Rory and John for their outstanding accomplishments this season , " said PGA TOUR Commissioner Tim Finchem . "  These awards are significant to these players as they are bestowed upon them by their peers , one of highest compliments a player can receive . "	Rory McIlroy named 2012 PGA Tour Player of the Year The 23-year-old is youngest to win award since Tiger Woods in 1998 Becomes third European to win title after Luke Donald and Padraig Harrington McIlroy won four times on PGA Tour in 2012
LONDON , England  CNN  -- This month the U.S. government has introduced major changes that will affect millions of travelers to the U.S. who do not need a visa . Instead of filling in the green visa waiver form en route , short-term visitors must register their details online at least three days before they depart . The measure is designed tighten security and make it harder for terrorists who are citizens of the participating countries to easily obtain entry to the U.S. . The new system , known as the Electronic System for Travel Authorization  ESTA  , does not become compulsory until January 12 , 2009 . But travelers are urged to prepare for the new rules in advance . ESTA applies to citizens from the 27 Visa Waiver Program  VWP  countries that includes most of western Europe in addition to New Zealand , Japan , Brunei and Australia . Visitors are recommended to submit applications no later than 72 hours before departure in case further inquiry is necessary . But the U.S. Department of Homeland Security has assured travelers that the system can handle last-minute and emergency requests . Applications can be made at any time , even if travelers have no specific travel plans . And if itineraries change , information can be easily updated on the ESTA Web site . Once travelers are authorized , they can travel for up to two years or until their passport expires , whichever comes first . From mid-January , travelers who have not received approval may be denied boarding , delayed processing , or denied admission at a U.S. port of entry . Passengers must submit the same information that is currently required in the I-94 immigration form . This includes biographical data , travel information as well as questions regarding communicable diseases , arrests and convictions . Registration is possible through the U.S. government ESTA Web site . In most cases , eligibility for travel will be approved immediately . Applicants who receive an "  Authorization Pending " response will need to check the Web site for updates . Applicants whose ESTA applications are denied will be referred to Travel.State.Gov for information on how to apply for a visa . ESTA does not change the rules for citizens from countries that require visas . But the U.S. is due to extend the visa waiver program and has signed agreements with eight countries including the Czech Republic , Hungary and South Korea . Travelers are advised that ESTA does not guarantee entry into the United States . The final decision rests with the immigration official at the port of entry .	New rules require visa-free visitors to the U.S. to register details before departure The process could take 72 hours but last-minute applications are possible The system , introduced this month , will become compulsory next January Once authorized , travelers can travel for up to two years or until their passport expires
CNN  -- As same-sex marriage has become accepted in a way that would have been unthinkable a decade ago , the media have -- perhaps unwittingly -- played a crucial role . It 's not that most journalists lean left on such social issues as gay rights , though that 's hard to dispute . It 's that the power of pictures can neutralize political propaganda . Once same-sex marriage was legalized in such early states as Iowa and Massachusetts , the photos and footage of happy couples celebrating made clear that no one was really threatened by such unions . The visuals put a human face on the debate . Even as stories quoted people who remained staunchly opposed to same-sex marriage , the pictures conveyed that the sky was not falling -- and by the time New York , Maryland and Washington legalized same-sex unions , it was , well , less newsworthy . But that 's hardly true everywhere , as a stunning backlash in Mississippi makes clear . The first known gay wedding in the town of Laurel , Mississippi , was , naturally , a story for the local paper . And it was a story with a heart-rending twist . An article in the the Laurel Leader-Call recounted Jessica Powell 's wedding to Crystal Craven , who was diagnosed with stage 4 brain cancer and has had three operations in the past year . It was a moving piece that described how Craven , at the wedding , wore a white cowboy hat to hide the scars from her latest surgery . "  If chemo does n't work , " she said , "  we do n't know what happens after that . " Watch : Is the murdered model 's beauty driving the Oscar Pistorius coverage ? The result : A torrent of angry calls , canceled subscriptions and outraged comments on the paper 's website and Facebook page . As recounted by Deep South Progressive , one person wrote : "  This is what we have to put up with on the world news every night . Never thought I would open my local paper and see such . Insulting !!! " Said another : "  It 's a sad day for traditional family values when this is printed on the front of a newspaper . " The paper 's owner , Jim Cegieklski , responded in an op-ed : "  You do n't have to like something for it to be historic . The holocaust , bombing of Pearl Harbor , and the Black Sox scandal are all still historic . I 'm in no way comparing the downtown wedding of two females to any of these events  even though some of you made it quite clear that you think gay marriage is much worse  , I 'm just saying that whether you liked the story or not , the first known gay wedding to take place in Jones County is still historic . " He added : "  I ca n't help but be saddened by the hate-filled viciousness of many of the comments directed toward our staff . " Watch : Was the press ready to smear Pete Domenici over his out-of-wedlock baby ? The Leader-Call deserves credit for standing by a legitimate story that infuriated part of its readership . There was no attempt to glorify gays ; the piece simply recounted the wedding , which was purely symbolic , since Mississippi does n't allow same-sex marriage . What was stunning was the way some critics simply ignored the fact that one of the women is fighting for her life . Maybe this resonates more deeply for taking place in the South , where many leading newspapers once staunchly defended racial segregation in a way that is now embarrassing -- and which prompted some of them to apologize decades later . At the same time , a column in Sunday 's Washington Post makes clear that those who believe the press tilts too far toward same-sex marriage have a valid point . Watch : New York anchor who attacked wife gets the tabloid treatment Ombudsman Patrick Pexton reports on an e-mail dialogue he facilitated between a reader and a Post reporter he declines to name . The reader complained that the Post minimizes "  the millions of Americans who believe in traditional marriage and oppose redefining marriage into nothingness . " The reporter said : "  The reason that legitimate media outlets routinely cover gays is because it is the civil rights issue of our time . ... The true conservative would want the government out of people 's bedrooms , and religion out of government . " That is bias , pure and simple . Yes , it is a civil rights issue , but the reporter simply ca n't understand why anyone would have a different viewpoint other than that the government should not interfere on such issues as same-sex marriage and perhaps , by extension , abortion . If this seems outrageous to you , keep in mind that President Barack Obama did not come out for same-sex marriage until the final months of his first term . Many people are opposed to it for reasons ranging from tradition to religion , and we in the press have to respect that . Watch : Mark Sanford launches forgiveness tour in S.C. . There was a time when most gay journalists remained closeted for fear of being penalized . A decade or two from now , as today 's younger people move into positions of power , opponents of same-sex marriage may seem as wrong-headed and their views as antiquated as those of people who defended keeping blacks at the back of the bus . The media must be even-handed on this divisive issue , but they might also take a page from a small Mississippi paper that bigotry should n't deter them from treating gay couples fairly . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : Media has played role in growing acceptance of gay marriage He says a Mississippi paper covered a same-sex wedding and outrage ensued He says in another instance , a D.C. reporter seemed to show bias on other side of issue Kurtz : Paper right to defend story ; D.C. reporter shows media 's need to remain neutral
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The annual Electronics Entertainment Expo , which wrapped up here Thursday , is all about next-generation gaming . More than 45,000 game industry professionals got their first look at Microsoft 's Xbox One , which will retail for $ 500 starting in November , and Sony 's PlayStation 4 , which will sell for $ 400 this fall . But for players , the real focus at the show was on the next generation of games , especially the slew of exclusives lined up for each device . What 's at stake is a piece of the global video-game market , which Newzoo video game analyst Peter Warman expects to reach $ 70.4 billion this year and grow to $ 86.1 billion by 2016 . Warman forecasts that the number of gamers worldwide will reach 1.2 billion this year . The latest crop of games features an upgrade in graphic fidelity that brings athletes like Miami Heat star LeBron James to life in 2K Sports "  NBA 2K14 " in photorealistic detail . Watching an "  EA Sports UFC " match on Xbox One or PS4 is like seeing a live mixed martial arts pay-per-view , thanks to new technology . Even the undead look better , as the zombies in Capcom 's Xbox One exclusive "  Dead Rising 3 , " an open world horror game , would scare the "  walkers " of AMC 's "  The Walking Dead . " The new consoles feature the processing power to create larger , more immersive open worlds for gamers to explore , as evidenced in Ubisoft 's online open world role-playing game "  Tom Clancy 's The Division . " The latest game in the Tom Clancy universe , which has sold more than 76 million games worldwide , is set in New York after a lethal virus has unleashed chaos . But among a host of fresh-looking titles , there were several that stood out at E3 2013 . "  Assassin 's Creed IV : Black Flag "  Ubisoft , October 29 , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , PC , PlayStation 4 , Xbox One  : Ubisoft is betting that gamers will love living a pirate 's life this fall with this open world virtual Caribbean . Set in the turbulent 18th-century West Indies , the game lets players step into the boots of Edward Kenway and set sail for adventure across a huge map with more than 50 islands and locations to explore . Gamers will interact with famous pirates like Blackbeard and Charles Vane as they contend with warring British and Spanish ships and armies and other privateers . Seamless gameplay allows the player to traverse the rooftops of a bustling Havana and then jump into the ocean to climb aboard the ship Jackdaw and escape . This bestselling franchise continues to innovate with new gameplay and a constantly changing window into history -- one that 's fun to play through again and again . "  Destiny "  Activision/Bungie , 2014 ; Xbox One , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3  : Bungie knows a thing or two about shooters , having built "  Halo " into a global franchise for Microsoft . Now , the developer has partnered with "  Call of Duty " publisher Activision to add multiplayer and a persistent world to the alien-fighting action . Players take on the roles of Guardians of the last city on Earth in a story that spans the solar system . The shooting action is trademark Bungie , but where this game stands out is the seamless blending of cooperative gameplay into bigger public events like taking out a giant alien boss with other players who are also exploring the world . There are community spaces for players to prepare for their next missions and connect with friends , as well as competitive multiplayer  although Bungie is keeping mum on details  . The developer has mapped out a franchise worth of adventures for this new world , and the first reveal looks promising . "  Ryse : Son of Rome "  Microsoft/Crytek , Xbox One  : Players take control of Gen. Marius Titus in this brutal third-person action game that blends elements from popular movies like "  Gladiator " and TV series like "  Rome " and "  Spartacus . " In addition to featuring sword and sandal hack-and-slash gameplay , the player will have to order troops to do things like fire catapults at enemies and remain in formation with shields up to avoid an onslaught of arrows . Ancient Rome has never looked more beautiful , not that the game 's pace will give players much time to take in the scenery . Developer Crytek , creator of the "  Crysis " franchise , is making the most of Xbox One with this interactive take on history . The first gameplay demo at E3 showcased a pick-up-and-play experience that blended swordplay and shield defense through an active battlefield . The amount of activity around your army is staggering and a glimpse into what next generation offers . "  The Crew "  Ubisoft/Ivory Tower , Xbox One , PlayStation 4  : Though there was a lot of traffic in the racing genre , from Electronic Arts ' "  Need for Speed Rivals " to Sony 's "  Driveclub , " one game stood out from the crowd . Ubisoft 's "  The Crew " introduces the entire United States as a cooperative playing ground for up to four players to join up and take on missions in fully realized cities like New York , Las Vegas and New York . The heart of this experience is a gearhead 's dream , which allows players to customize licensed vehicles to the smallest details . Depending on whether the mission is across Miami beaches or the Las Vegas desert , players can fine-tune their vehicles before leaving the garage . Driving games  and sports titles  are among the best ways to showcase new technology , and "  The Crew " delivers . "  Titanfall "  Electronic Arts/Respawn , 2014 , Xbox One , Xbox 360 , PC  : The original founders of Infinity Ward are offering a very different first-person shooter experience with "  Titanfall . " The game features pilots who can fight on the ground with traditional weapons  and a cool jetpack  or jump into 24-foot-tall Titans , mechanized robots that introduce a lot of firepower to the battlefield . The dynamic and advantage of these two very different fighting styles -- agile pilots and hulking Mechs -- introduces something fresh to the crowded shooter genre . The action , which in an E3 demo focused on protecting a hovering spacecraft , is fast and furious . It 's seamless jumping from on-foot action to the hulking Titans as the battle erupts around you . The game 's multiplayer features Hollywood-style action sequences as centerpieces of this conflict between warring factions  the Interstellar Manufacturing Corp. and the Militia  in a distant frontier .	New wave of video games at E3 2013 show off better graphics , more expansive worlds Latest "  Assassin 's Creed " title is among this year 's standouts Shooters "  Destiny " and "  Titanfall " take action in new directions Racer "  The Crew , " combat-themed "  Ryse : Son of Rome " round out our favorites
Calls mounted Thursday for a criminal investigation into sometimes fatal delays in care at Veterans Affairs hospitals amid revelations that patient wait times were tied to employee bonuses in at least one hospital . The demands by lawmakers and veterans groups come as President Barack Obama appears to be asking Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki to set the stage for his own departure , perhaps as soon as Friday . Obama is waiting for an internal audit he ordered from Shinseki on the growing scandal before deciding whom to hold accountable , White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters . Shinseki 's preliminary report is due this week , Carney told reporters amid more calls from across the political spectrum for the secretary to step down or be dismissed over problems known for years but apparently never addressed . Carney stopped short of saying Obama is standing by the embattled secretary , pointing instead to the President 's recent statement that Shinseki would likely not be interested in continuing to serve if he believed he let veterans down . But that was not enough for a number of lawmakers in Congress after Wednesday 's release of a preliminary VA inspector general 's report that described a "  systemic " practice of manipulating appointments and wait lists at the Veterans Affairs medical center in Phoenix . The VA inspector general reported that at least 1,700 military veterans waiting to see a doctor were never scheduled for an appointment or were placed on a waiting list at the Phoenix VA , raising the question of just how many more may have been "  forgotten or lost " in the system . Rep. Steve Israel of New York , the head of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , is among those taking the outrage one step further , calling for a criminal investigation by the Department of Justice . "  I want to know if anybody at the VA doctored papers , engaged in a cover up , withheld care from veterans , " he told CNN , adding the demand in the form of a letter was hand delivered Thursday to Attorney General Eric Holder 's office . "  They need to be investigated They need to be prosecuted . They need to be fired . " Republican Rep. Jeff Miller of Florida , chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs , made a similar demand of the Justice Department . "  I think the facts are too many now for them to look the other way , " he said . The U.S. Department of Justice is reviewing the VA inspector general 's report but has not formally opened an investigation , Peter Carr , an agency spokesman , has told CNN . The VA is under fire over allegations of alarming shortcomings at its medical facilities . The controversy , as CNN first reported , involves delayed care with potentially fatal consequences in possibly dozens of cases . CNN has reported that in Phoenix , the VA used fraudulent record-keeping -- including an alleged secret list -- that covered up excessive waiting periods for veterans , some of whom died in the process . The VA 's troubled history The VA has acknowledged 23 deaths nationwide due to delayed care . The VA 's acting inspector general , Richard Griffin , told a Senate committee in recent weeks that his investigation so far had found a possible 17 deaths of veterans waiting for care in Phoenix . But he added that there was no evidence excessive waiting was the reason . Among the findings at the Phoenix VA , investigators determined that one consequence of manipulating appointments for the veterans was understating patient wait times , a factor considered in VA employee bonuses and raises , the report said . Miller believes the actions may be in part about money for "  VA bureaucrats . " "  Why else would somebody work so hard to manipulate the lists ? " Miller said . The issue of patient wait times is not an overall performance factor ordered by the VA , Dr. Thomas Lynch , the VA 's assistant deputy undersecretary for clinical operations , told Miller 's committee . The factors tied to bonuses and raises are decided by each VA network , Lynch said . The VA inspector general 's report did not offer any further details about financial incentives . Carney repeated Thursday that Obama found the report deeply troubling , and a White House official speaking on the condition of anonymity told CNN that Shinseki was on "  thin ice " with the President . Shinseki finds himself in a firestorm In an opinion piece published Thursday in USA Today , Shinseki wrote that he found the report "  reprehensible " and that he 's "  not waiting to set things straight . " "  I immediately directed the Veterans Health Administration ... to contact each of the 1,700 veterans in Phoenix waiting for primary care appointments in order to bring them the care they need and deserve , " Shinseki wrote . Shinseki reiterated other steps he 's taken , including putting the leadership at the Phoenix facility on leave May 1 and ordering a "  nationwide audit of all other major VA health care facilities to ensure understanding of , and compliance with , our appointment policy . " "  We are doing all we can to accelerate access to care throughout our system and in communities where veterans reside , " Shinseki wrote . "  I 've challenged our leadership to ensure we are doing everything possible to schedule veterans for their appointments . We , at the Department of Veterans Affairs , are redoubling our efforts , with commitment and compassion , to restore integrity to our processes to earn veterans ' trust . " Even so , it was n't enough for an increasing number of Washington politicians who called for Shinseki to go . A number of Democratic senators -- many of them facing rough re-election battles later this year -- have joined a growing bipartisan chorus urging the secretary to resign or the President to fire him . "  The inspector general 's preliminary report makes it clear that the systemic problems at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs are so entrenched that they require new leadership to be fixed , " said Mark Udall of Colorado , the first Senate Democrat to call for a change at the top . List of senators calling for Shinseki resignation Still , others question whether removing Shinseki would address the core problems at the VA or simply serve as a distraction for now . "  Is him resigning going to get us to the bottom of the problem ? Is it going to help us find out what 's really going on ? , " asked House Speaker John Boehner , the chamber 's top Republican , adding that his answer so far was "  no . " House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi also warned against targeting only Shinseki , telling reporters that "  we have to be careful about thinking that just because you remove the top person , means that you 've changed the systemic problem that existed in the organization 10 years before Shinseki , or five years at least before Shinseki became the secretary . " Pelosi also joined the push for a criminal investigation of the VA problems , saying "  certainly what was done was dishonest . " VA pledges faster appointments Document : VA audit report released	Bipartisan push under way for a Justice Department investigation Reps. Miller and Israel have written letters to Attorney General Eric Holder White House : President Obama awaits Eric Shinseki 's internal report on problems Secretary Shinseki : "  We are doing all we can to accelerate access to care "
Washington  CNN  -- A former National Security Agency official was sentenced to one year of probation and 240 hours of community service Friday for exceeding his authorized use of an agency computer . Thomas Drake pleaded guilty to that misdemeanor charge in June after government prosecutors agreed to drop more serious charges -- some of which fell under the Espionage Act -- which carried maximum penalties of 35 years in prison . Prosecutors had accused Drake , 54 , of leaking information to a reporter and charged him last year in a 10-count indictment of willful retention of national defense information , obstruction of justice and making false statements . But prosecutors decided they could not pursue those charges in the controversial leak case after a federal judge in Baltimore , Maryland ruled classified information would have to be presented in open court . Drake could have been sentenced to a year in jail , but as part of the plea deal the government agreed not to push for him to serve time . In a sentencing memo , Drake 's defense lawyers argued against their client spending time behind bars . "  The crime does not involve the handling or mishandling of classified information , " said his lawyers . "  Rather , it relates to Mr. Drake 's decision to communicate with a Baltimore Sun reporter about his belief that NSA was engaged in waste , fraud , and abuse . " The defense memo also said that since the investigation began in 2007 , Drake "  has suffered emotionally , physically , professionally , and financially . " According to the memo , Drake 's reputation has been so tarnished he 'll never be able to work in the intelligence community again . He lost his security clearance and left government service five years before he would have been eligible for a federal pension . The memo said Drake had a part-time teaching position at Strayer University , but was let go after he was indicted . Drake worked at the NSA from 2001 until he resigned in April 2008 . According to the defense lawyers ' memo , he then went to work at an Apple retail store . The document said he had to take a second mortgage out on his home to help pay for a private attorney during the government 's investigation . After the government indicted him , Drake qualified for the services of federal public defenders . Drake maintained he was acting as a whistleblower and raised objections to some of the NSA 's actions within the NSA , to Congress and to a Defense Department Inspector General . According to the Washington Post , he was concerned about a $ 1.2 billion dollar data-sifting program called Trailblazer and about NSA efforts to collect Americans ' e-mail and phone call information without court orders . In a statement of facts submitted in June , Drake admitted to accessing the NSA 's intranet site , from approximately February 2006 through March 2007 , where he "  obtained information , and provided said information orally and in writing to another person not permitted or authorized " to receive it . Neither Drake 's defense lawyers nor the Justice Department would comment after Drake was sentenced . But in June , Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division Lanny Breuer said in a written statement : "  Individuals who are granted special access to our nation 's most sensitive information can not unilaterally decide to disregard the law and agreements they make with the government on how that information may be handled . "	Thomas Drake is sentenced to one year probation and 240 hours of community service He pleaded guilty to exceeding his authorized use of an agency computer Prosecutors had accused Drake of leaking information to a reporter
CNN  -- It is the ultimate breeding ground for any Formula One star of the future , and a medium endorsed by one of the sport 's greatest drivers , Ayrton Senna . Right up until his tragic death in 1994 , the three-time world champion from Brazil still raced go-karts , a rough and ready forerunner for those youngsters hoping to make the giant leap to the multi-million-dollar arena of F1 . Senna 's passion for karts is shared by Mark Webber , who started on his path to stardom as part of the all-conquering Red Bull team by speeding round miniature tracks as a teen . According to the Australian , who still squeezes his giant frame into a go-kart every once in a while , there is no better place to see if kids have what it takes to thrive in the fast-paced world of motorsport . "  Karting is very purist if you like , it 's very basic , " Webber , who was second fastest in practice for Sunday 's Indian Grand Prix , told CNN . "  Ayrton Senna was still a huge fan right until the end . "  For him he really enjoyed it and he said he had some of his best racing in go-karts and he had some of his toughest opposition in go-karts , so there 's no better endorsement than that . "  I suppose it 's like learning new languages when you 're young . Karting is the best way for you to get a feel of how to race each other , dealing with the competition , dealing with winning , dealing with losing , and you soak up so much at a young age and learn very fast . " All of F1 's stellar names , such as double world champions Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso , McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton and seven-time drivers ' championship winner Michael Schumacher , started out on karting tracks . Senna , one of the sport 's most dynamic drivers , became transfixed with an improvised go-kart made for him as a four-year-old by his father using old parts of an old lawnmower . And though there can be little comparison between the speed and the danger of the two driving disciplines , Webber insists the challenge presented by karting is one that still excites him . "  The difference between go-karts and Formula One is obviously quite extreme . It 's from the junior , the most basic form to the most extreme form , " the 36-year-old said . "  But a lot of Formula One drivers , including myself , still love driving karts because it 's very , very raw . "  They still give us a great feel of adrenalin and sensation of speed even though they 're not as powerful as what we race week in , week out , but we are low to the ground , you 've got to be very precise -- all the things we have to deal with in our profession . " Talent on the track is one thing but Webber says it is vital to have an understanding of the financial workings of motorsport even from an early age . Anyone who reaches the top will reap the rewards that come with F1 success , but it can be an expensive hobby to fund at the start of a driver 's career . "  It 's not a cheap sport , obviously , so you 've got to try to find sponsorship if you can to help mum and dad pay for your go-kart tires and go-kart engines , " he said . "  If you can , have a good nous and good awareness for the sponsorship side of things as well . I know they 're only young but it 's important for them to understand that . " Webber 's first love was motorbikes , but his switch to four wheels as a 14-year-old paid instant dividends as he won his state go-karting championship in New South Wales . But aside from the titles , the thing he most cherishes about his time in the junior ranks of motorsport was traveling round Australia with his father , who was otherwise kept busy at work . It was n't until Webber started to enjoy success on a more prestigious stage that he thought his dream of becoming a Formula One driver could turn into a reality . "  There was definitely a moment when I was young and it clicked and I wanted to be a driver at the highest level , " he said . "  I was completely dreaming then and every day I was dreaming about how far I could get in the sport . "  No-one 's that arrogant when they 're racing go-karts that  they think  for sure I 'm going to be a world champion one day or I 'm going to race Formula One or I 'm going to do this . "  It 's just a process and you get more confidence and you win and you keep moving up . I think it 's not until you start getting to Europe and winning races over there that you feel that you can go all the way . "  Because it 's in your wildest dreams that you 'd ever get to race a Formula One car when you 're racing karts . "	Red Bull 's F1 driver Mark Webber tells CNN of his love for go-karting The Australian cut his teeth on karts at the start of his motorsport career Webber says legendary Brazilian driver Ayrton Senna was a huge fan of karting The 36-year-old says karting is a "  pure " form of racing and is "  very , very raw "
CNN  -- The stakes in this election go far beyond just who takes the oath of office in January . Each of us is faced with choices that will have huge ramifications in our nation for decades -- and the choice is not simply about Democrats versus Republicans or even Obama versus Romney . The real stakes are this : The political strategies that prove successful in this election will be replicated far into the future . Throughout this election cycle , we 've seen hyperpartisan narratives resonate more than facts , total opposition embraced as a congressional tactic , and unprecedented dark money flow through our airwaves in an avalanche of negative ads . If those forces are rewarded , we 'll see much more of them from both parties going forward . They will become the new normal . Opinion : Vote , damn it ! If they are rejected , it may inspire a necessary recalibration and a renewed focus on finding ways to work together in Washington . This wo n't be just because it 's the right thing to do ; it will be because it is what is seen as practical and politically expedient . When President Obama took office , the fiscal crisis was in full effect , but our nation was briefly united after the 2008 election . Then the partisan media started to try to repolarize the nation for their profit . A relentless drumbeat of demonizing the president gave rise to all sorts of dark conspiracy theories , driven by the conviction that the first African-American president of the United States was somehow un-American . Hating Obama became a profitable cottage industry , with the publication of at least 89 different obsessively anti-Obama books -- more than twice the number that were directed at President George W. Bush by the end of his first term . Unhinged ideas seeped perilously close to the mainstream , to the point that the gap between partisan narrative and actual facts seems cavernous and finds fellow Americans divided beyond reason . This has real civic cost . A president who has presided over a doubling of the stock market is called socialist or even communist . A president who ordered the killing of Osama bin Laden is seen by some as secret Islamist-sympathizer . And perhaps most important , a president whose actual record leads respected nonpartisan political scientists at the VoteView blog to say "  President Obama is the most moderate Democratic president since the end of World War II " is instead seen as a far-left liberal . A reality check is overdue . This hyperpartisan reality distortion field has impacted Congress as well . In the past , we 've achieved a great deal with divided government -- ranging from the Marshall Plan , to the interstate highway system , to the achievements of the Reagan administration , to welfare reform and the turning of deficits into surpluses under President Bill Clinton and then-Speaker Newt Gingrich . But the current congressional environment has led to division and dysfunction , Super Committee fails and justifiably low congressional approval rates . Too many conservative members of Congress took Rush Limbaugh 's 2009 anti-Obama admonition -- "  I hope he fails " -- to heart . They argued that confrontation rather than cooperation with the new president was the best strategy . Thanks to Obama 's unwise overdelegation to congressional Democrats on the stimulus bill , their approach was validated , and so an economic recovery effort that was one-third tax cuts passed along stark partisan lines . A pattern was established . President Barack Obama : My vision for America An individual mandate-driven health care bill , based on proposals from the conservative Heritage Foundation implemented by Mitt Romney in Massachusetts , was not praised as policy triangulation -- taking a Republican approach to achieve a Democratic goal -- but called an unconstitutional gallop toward socialism . Rational debate stopped when talk of "  death panels " started taking hold . And so health care reform became the first major piece of social legislation to pass along stark partisan lines . Even onetime bipartisan legislation was no longer embraced by Congress . For example , Obama 's proposed jobs bill was almost entirely composed of what had been bipartisan proposals -- but it was considered DOA on Capitol Hill . The debt ceiling was used to hold America 's full faith and credit hostage , with disastrous results , including the downgrading of our AAA credit rating . The source of much congressional dysfunction is the now-routine use of the filibuster by the Senate , making a supermajority of 60 votes necessary for meaningful action . As a point of historical perspective : In the eight years that Republican Dwight Eisenhower was president , from 1953 to 1961 , the filibuster was used only two times . In the four years that Barack Obama has been president , the filibuster has been invoked more than 200 times by Senate Republicans . Add to this unhealthy civic mix the unprecedented amount of money flowing into this election -- expected to exceed $ 6 billion total . The most troubling aspect is the rise of dark money , the abuse of tax-exempt 501  c   4  organizations to hide donors while flooding the airwaves with negative ads . According to the Center for Responsive Politics , spending from these nondisclosing groups has passed $ 200 million in this election -- more than every other election cycle over the past 20 years combined -- and 88 % of the ads airing now from outside groups are negative . Just three groups -- the Karl Rove-founded Crossroads GPS , the Koch Brothers-backed Americans for Prosperity , and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce -- account for more spending than the next 17 outside groups combined . This makes a mockery of post-Citizens United promises about unlimited money being combined with unprecedented disclosure , and the net impact is chilling : This is perilously close to what trying to buy an election looks like . All this matters , because if outside money spent on negative ads can indeed sway an election , we will see much more of it in the future . But if partisan billionaires believe that their money has been wasted , it will help rein in such efforts going forward . We need to stop the cycle of incitement in our politics , where every action creates an equal and opposite reaction . In the closing weeks of this campaign , Romney has been promising that he will bring bipartisanship back to Washington . But simply slapping on a new slogan wo n't solve these underlying problems . Mitt Romney : My vision for America If Romney is elected president , Democrats will likely decide to follow the apparently successful path of the Republicans in recent years -- play to the base with fear-mongering claims , demonize the new president from Day One , and obstruct his agenda in Congress . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Democrat , has already announced that he will not work with a President Romney , taking a page from his Republican counterpart , Mitch McConnell , who pledged that making President Obama a one-term president was his No. 1 priority . Republicans will complain , but they will have their own precedent to thank . The result will be all-but-guaranteed gridlock and division over the next four years . If Obama is re-elected , it will send the message that all the hyperpartisan distortions , the intensely ideological congressional obstruction and the flood of dark money did n't work . Republicans will have to confront the fact that these extreme tactics backfired by alienating the moderate majority of Americans  and interestingly , Obama currently leads among moderate voters in key swing states like Ohio by nearly 20 points  . This will alter the landscape of the next Congress and shift the incentives back toward working together on a more bipartisan basis . It might even help re-center the Republican Party going forward , something I would sincerely like to see because it would be good for our democracy . America needs to break this fever of hyperpartisanship . The day after the election , we will have to start healing as a nation . Members of Congress will be confronted with a fiscal cliff and serious questions about how to deal with taxes , spending , the deficit and the debt . If they feel that extremism and obstruction have been punished by the voters , they will find a way to work together . If either party feels it has achieved an ideological mandate , it will be tempted to play chicken with the fiscal cliff . The stakes are so high because they cut to the heart of the American experiment . We can not continue to allow extreme partisan distortions to define our policy debates and paralyze our capacity for constructive self-government . We need Washington to get the message that I 've heard from swing voters so often on the CNN Battleground Bus Tour -- stop fighting and start fixing . Find a way to work together , especially on our long-term economic problems . That means both parties agreeing to compromise on issues of taxes , spending and entitlement reform -- a balanced bipartisan plan to deal with deficits and debt . It will require putting the national interest ahead of all partisan special interests -- and we wo n't be able to do that until this fever breaks . Washington is looking to your lead at the voting booth . These are the stakes . Now it is your decision . Go out and vote on November 6 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Election 2012 will be a test that determines future of American politics He asks : Will extreme partisanship be rewarded at the polls ? If so , it will continue Leading GOP figures decided on obstructionist tactics against Obama from the start , he says Avlon : Message from rank-and-file voters -- stop fighting , start fixing
A fleet of tiny satellites released from the International Space Station could be a tool to help solve future aviation mysteries like the disappearance of Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 , said retired astronaut Chris Hadfield , who commanded the space station for five months last year . Speaking to the media after giving a talk at the opening session of the TED2014 conference Monday , Hadfield said that the shoebox-sized satellites , once fully deployed , will cover the entire planet with frequently refreshed images at a resolution down to 4 meters and could have helped in a mystery such as the question of what happened to the Malaysian Airlines Boeing 777 . Planet Labs , a San Francisco-based company , arranged for the first group of the satellites to be released from the space station last month . Hadfield said those satellites are in initial testing . Asked by CNN to comment , Planet Labs provided a statement by its co-founder and CEO , William Marshall , a former NASA scientist , who is due to speak later this week at TED : "  Planet Labs just last month deployed a fleet of 28 satellites , Flock 1 , from the International Space Station . This is the largest Earth imaging constellation in history . We are turning on each of the satellites and are now putting them into position . With this constellation , we will measure the planet on a more regular basis to enable various applications . One of those applications is disaster response , including natural and man-made disasters . Other applications range from monitoring deforestation to helping to improve agricultural yields to monitoring urban growth . " Another 100 such satellites are in the works , according to the Financial Times . Hadfield said "  tracking one thin aluminum tube " like the Boeing 777 , in a place that is not heavily covered by radar is very hard . "  Obviously something happened fast and deliberate , exactly what process , whether it was the crew themselves or someone forcing themselves in , we do n't know , " Hadfield said . He said he suspects that if the aircraft did crash , wreckage will eventually be found . How TED got famous In his talk on the TED stage , Hadfield gripped the audience 's attention with a message urging people to conquer irrational fears , with images of the Earth 's beauty from space and with a performance on guitar of a portion of David Bowie 's "  Space Oddity , " a song he also sang while weightless on the space station . His video , one of about 100 he shot on the space station , went viral . Astronauts train themselves to overcome fear , and thus are willing to take considerable risks , whether being launched on a rocket or walking in space , Hadfield said . By contrast , some people will let themselves be paralyzed by unreasoning fear of spiders ; the way to conquer that is to walk through spider webs  assuming the spiders are n't venomous  . "  There 's a difference between danger and fear , " he said after the talk . And Hadfield said that , incongruously , "  I 'm afraid of heights , " but had mostly overcome it through training .	Former space station commander Hadfield : New satellites could help locate planes First of shoebox-sized satellites released last month from the space station Planet Labs , a San Francisco company , says they will provide unprecedented imagery Hadfield : If Flight 370 crashed , wreckage will eventually be found
Beijing , China  CNN  -- A driverless van has completed the longest-ever trip by an unmanned vehicle , beginning in Italy and arriving in China , covering 13,000 kilometers  8,077 miles  , researchers said . The van arrived at the Shanghai World Expo on Thursday , after leaving Italy on July 20 . The three-month trip took the van through Eastern Europe , Russia and Kazakhstan ; across China through the Gobi Desert ; and finally along the Great Wall , before arriving for a celebration at the expo . The driverless van relied solely on electricity . See more of CNN 's tech coverage The vehicle weathered three months of rain , blizzards and sun , and arrived in Shanghai with no major problems , according to researchers tracking its progress . The van even stopped to pick up hitchhikers outside of Moscow . "  We are really happy . It 's a real milestone in our field of vehicular robotics , " said lead researcher Alberto Broggi . The van , designed by Italian tech company Vislab , featured 12 refined sensors , including cameras , a carbon dioxide sensor , a GPS device and an off-road laser scanner . "  This driverless trip to China shows how science can capture people 's imagination through achievements that would recently have been unthinkable ... -LSB- and -RSB- provide major environmental and economic benefits , " said Maire Geoghegan-Quinn , head of research , innovation and science for the European Commission . See more of CNN 's special coverage of China The record-setting journey comes in amid of major developments in driverless vehicle technology . Earlier this month , Google announced that its self-driving vehicle had successfully traveled about 350 miles -LSB- 563 kilometers -RSB- from its headquarters in Mountain View , California , to Santa Monica , California . Google , which engages in energy-related businesses along with its core Internet search-engine service , says its self-driving cars have logged more than 140,000 miles . General Motors , Volkswagen and Stanford University are also developing driverless vehicles . No maps were used as Vislab 's van traveled from Italy , then off-road through much of Siberia and China . The van topped out at 37 miles per hour and traveled about four hours a day to allow for adequate battery recharging . As for human intervention during the van 's three-month journey , "  We had to intervene manually only on limited occasions , such as in the Moscow traffic jams and when passing toll stations , " said lead researcher Broggi , who also is a professor at Italy 's University of Parma . Two engineers rode in the van to prevent dangerous situations . The vehicle was part of a four-vehicle caravan , which included a leading van that was occasionally driven by two engineers , but mostly operated without human guidance . From Italy to Russia to China , the driverless van baffled onlookers . During a special demonstration on the outskirts of Moscow on September 10 , a police officer approached the vehicle as it maneuvered in a pedestrian zone , only to find a driver missing . "  He realized there was no driver ! " engineers wrote on the van 's official trip blog . "  He then looked around and tried to find a clue of what was happening . He really seemed puzzled ! " "  We talked to him ... explained this is a big test , " Broggi said . "  It was extremely difficult , but in the end we avoided getting the first ticket to an autonomous vehicle . " Other challenges along the way included replacing a 430-kilogram battery in Moscow , lengthy and complicated border crossings due to customs clearances , and several frigid nights camping along the van 's route in Siberia . "  We were n't worried about not making it , " though , Broggi said . "  This big trip was an intermediary step in a longer process . We have something new planned for 2012 . " The European Research Council primarily funded the expedition , to develop technology to increase road safety and fuel efficiency by supplementing driver decisions at the wheel . The project used low-cost technologies that could be integrated in most current vehicles ' chassis , researchers said . More than 1.2 million people die annually in auto crashes , according to the World Health Organization .	Van arrives at the Shanghai World Expo on Thursday The van left Italy in July , with two engineers aboard to prevent dangerous situations It traveled through Eastern Europe , Russia and Kazakhstan The van then went through the Gobi Desert and along the Great Wall
CNN  -- Two years might have passed since Serbia 's men triumphed in the Davis Cup -- but the nation 's women are now ready to etch their name into tennis folklore . When Ana Ivanovic begins her match against Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic in Prague on Saturday , she will begin her country 's challenge against the reigning champion . The team of Ivanovic , Jelena Jankovic , Bojana Jovanovski and Aleksandra Krunic are desperate to pull off a repeat performance of the men 's victory over France in 2010 . In their way stand a Czech team hoping to secure its second consecutive title following a 3-2 win over Russia last year . But Ivanovic , ranked 12th in the world , says the inspiration of events in Belgrade on that fateful night will act as a motivating factor . Serbian women complete ` impossible ' Fed Cup mission "  I remember a couple of years ago , " Ivanovic told reporters . "  I was there when they -LSB- the Serbian Davis Cup team -RSB- were winning and it was epic . We will try our best and to match what the guys did would be amazing . " Serbia has never won the Fed Cup and so the opportunity of being the first women from the country to land the honour is a huge lure for the team . "  It 's an historical moment for Serbian women 's tennis , " Jankovic told the tournament 's official website . "  We are all excited to be here in Prague and to have this opportunity to win the title , which is our ultimate goal and we very much look forward to the competition . "  Winning Fed Cup would be a very special feeling . It 's difficult to compare it to your individual tournaments when you are lifting trophies because you are basically there on your own and here you can celebrate with your team . "  For me , personally , the inspiration is the Serbian people and I always feel an obligation to give more than 100 per cent . Winning the title would be an amazing achievement . " Doubles success hands Czechs Fed Cup A sell-out crowd of 13,800 is expected after tickets for the final sold out in less than six hours with Petra Kvitova 's father , Jiri , buying 100 for his friends and family . Kvitova is set to overcome the bout of bronchitis which forced her to withdraw from last week 's WTA Championships . The 22-year-old , who is ranked eighth in the world , will lead the Czech charge and insists the pressure of playing in front of an expectant home crowd wo n't affect the players . "  I do n't think that we have a pressure because we are the defending champions , " she told the competition 's official website . "  I think it 's because we are playing at home , it 's a full stadium and 14,000 people will come to support us . I 'm looking forward to the tie for every minute . " Meanwhile in France , home favorite Gilles Simon booked his place in the semifinals of the Paris Masters . Simon defeated fifth seed 6-4 6-4 , who is aiming to reach is second Masters 1000 final , will now face Polish qualifier Jerzy Janowicz . Janowicz , who defeated Andy Murray on Thursday , saw off Janko Tipsarevic , who was forced to retire through illness with the Pole leading 3-6 , 6-1 , 4 -.1 "  In the second and third set I just played the best tennis of my life , " Janowicz told the ATP website . Murray crashes out in Paris as ATP finals line-up is completed "  I did n't know actually I can play that good . It 's really not easy for me to realise what is going on in my life right now . "  Right now I 'm playing the best tennis of my life , and I hope tomorrow I can play even better . "  I do n't know what I should expect from myself , but I hope I will not finish tomorrow this tournament yet . " David Ferrer is the highest surviving seed remaining in the competition after he defeated Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-2 7-5 . The Spaniard , seeded fourth , will now play home favourite Michael Llodra for a place in the final . Llodra saw off America 's Sam Querrey 7-6 6-3 and will now hope to beat Ferrer for the first time having lost his previous two contests against the World No. 5 .	Czech Republic face Serbia in the 2012 Fed Cup final in Prague Host nation is aiming to clinch its second consecutive title Serbia won men 's Davis Cup in 2010 and women are desperate to emulate them Lucie Safarova will face Ana Ivanovic in the first rubber in front of a sell-out crowd
CNN  -- An Air Force fighter pilot died Wednesday after two F-15C jets collided during a training exercise over the Gulf of Mexico , according to Air Force officials . Two F-15C fighter jets , like the one pictured , collided over the Gulf of Mexico , the Air Force says . The planes were from the 33rd Fighter Wing , a combat-flying unit out of Eglin Air Force Base , near Pensacola , Florida . A spokesman for the wing said the pilot died after having been rescued by a fishing boat and transported to the hospital at the base . The pilot of the other jet was also rescued and was listed in good condition , he said . The crash happened at about 3 p.m. ET , about 50 miles south of Tyndall Air Force Base which is in Panama City , Florida . A statement from the 33rd said the pilots were rescued at about 6 p.m. ET . "  The 33rd FW Nomads and Team Eglin have suffered a great loss today and my heart goes out to the family and friends of our former airman , " said wing commander Col. Todd Harmer in a written statement . "  We will continue to do everything we can to assist our families and airmen at this tragic time . " Capt. Jim McPherson of the Coast Guard told CNN the crew of a Coast Guard aircraft on a training mission spotted a parachute dropping into the Gulf Wednesday afternoon . The crew used radar and an automated identification system to detect a fishing boat in the area and directed that boat to the area where the parachute landed . The Air Force was not identifying the pilots late Wednesday pending notification of their families . Harmer said both were "  assigned to the wing for quite some time . " He said the Air Force will convene a board of officers to investigate the crash and determine its cause . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	NEW : One pilot died after being rescued by a fishing boat in Gulf , official says F-15Cs collided during training exercise , Air Force says Planes were part of the 33rd Fighter Wing based at Eglin Air Force Base Crash happened at 3 p.m. ET , about 50 miles south of Panama City , Florida
CNN  -- Another controversial immigration bill is on the horizon in the South , a regional battleground that has seen a number of states pass reforms on illegal immigration . Mississippi 's Republican-dominated House of Representatives voted 70-47 Thursday to pass the "  Support Our Law Enforcement and Safe Neighborhood Act . " The bill now goes to the Senate for approval , where it is also expected to pass . Both the House and Senate are controlled by Republicans , who won majorities last year for the first time in 140 years . Gov. Phil Bryant , a Republican who supports the measure , said he believes too little has been done on immigration policies and a crackdown is urgently needed . "  Perhaps it 's boat-rocking time in Mississippi , " said Bryant , surrounded by fellow supporters of HB 488 at the state Capitol , where he passionately advocated for immigration reform . The Mississippi bill includes measures like requiring police to check the immigration status of people who are arrested . It would also prohibit any "  business transactions , " including renewing a driver 's license and getting a business license . "  Illegal immigration eliminates a lot of jobs for people who want to provide for their families . Passing this bill will open up more jobs and lower unemployment for the state , " said Rodney Hunt , chairman of the Mississippi Federation for Immigration Reform and Enforcement , a proponent of immigration reform . Neighboring Alabama has one of the strictest immigration reform laws in the country . The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit , based in Atlanta , temporarily blocked the enforcement of two provisions of the Alabama law : one voiding contracts signed by those in the United States illegally and another prohibiting illegal immigrants from having transactions with the state for services , including licenses . The Southern Poverty Law Center said it has told Mississippi it will sue the state if the bill passes . "  I would suggest that just because the state can pass that does n't mean it 's a good idea , " said Mary Bower , legal director for the SPLC . Said the governor 's spokesman , Mick Bullock : "  Governor Bryant will not be deterred . " A number of Southern states , including Lousiana , Tennessee , South Carolina and Georgia , passed similar immigration laws at the start of the year in the wake of a controversial law passed in Arizona in 2010 . The Arizona law became the focus of national media and legal attention . Among other provisions , it would require that local police , during the enforcement of other laws , check the immigration status of anyone they suspected of being undocumented . The U.S. Supreme Court plans to consider a challenge to Arizona 's law in April .	The state 's House of Representatives passed the bill Thursday It now goes to the Senate for approval The Southern Poverty Law Center opposes the measure It follows a wave of similar measures across the South
