LifeWire  -- Older woman seduces younger man . Sound familiar ? It 's a scene from the 1967 coming-of-age classic "  The Graduate . " Actress Demi Moore is 15 years older than her husband , actor Ashton Kutcher . But high-profile Hollywood couples like Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins  12 years her junior  -- who met and began dating while filming an on-screen romance in the 1988 movie "  Bull Durham " -- have proven that life can indeed imitate art when it comes to matters of the heart . Theirs , however , is a real-life love story of an older woman and younger man -- something that is not so uncommon nowadays . A 2003 study by AARP revealed that 34 percent of all women over 40 in the survey were dating younger men , and 35 percent preferred it to dating older men . "  Societal attitudes have definitely changed , " says Susan Winter , 52 , co-author of "  Older Women , Younger Men : New Options for Love and Romance " -- and she would know . At age 40 , she was dating a 19-year-old . "  We had to break it off . Quite frankly , his mother made it so impossible , " Winter says of the six-year relationship , which inspired her book . "  But  that kind of discrimination  would not be allowable now . " Hollywood in particular has defied the ageism stereotype , with celebrities like Madonna and Demi Moore marrying significantly younger men  a 10 - and 15-year age gap , respectively , with director Guy Ritchie and actor Ashton Kutcher  , and the public has come to accept it . See photos of some famous May-December couples " Moreover , says Winter , women have experienced a significant financial and status shift over the past half-century . "  When women as a group are able to have their own economic and social standing and have a power base , they are now able to pick the man that they want rather than having to choose the man to support them and give them social status , " Winter explains . "  Now we have choices . " But these relationships are n't always portrayed in a positive light . Terms like "  cougar "  slang for an older woman seeking a younger man  depict the woman as a predator , rather than an empowered , independent and loving person . NBC aired a reality dating show this summer -- "  Age of Love " -- that pitted women in their 20s against women in their 40s in a battle for the heart of tennis star Mark Philippoussis . Meanwhile , online dating sites like GoCougar.com urge older women who seek younger men to "  get what you want . " Such pairings can and do work . Mary Pender , 37 , a high school special education teacher in Huntington Beach , California , connected with a truck driver seven years her junior who she met on an online dating site . Though she 'd always dated older men before , she "  thought it was exciting to date someone younger " -- and , as it turned out , he thought it 'd be just as exciting a match . "  He thinks it 's cool that I am comfortable in my sexuality , " says Pender . "  He likes that I am secure in our relationship and I have my own things to do without him . " Indeed , the idea of dating an older woman is titillating for some younger guys . Jeremy Abelson , a self-styled dating impresario who organized the Natural Selection Speed Date event that paired wealthy bachelors with beautiful women this past February in New York City , can see the appeal . "  Any young guy who has seen  the movie  ` American Pie ' can basically say he was right there with the Asian guy and the white guy as they were cheering ... for Stifler 's mom , " says Abelson , 27 . "  I was basically standing there cheering with them . And I think that 's a very common fantasy for young men . " The potential issues between such May-December couples are the same ones that challenge the longevity of any relationship : different long-term priorities and emotional temperament . "  He 's not thinking about kids and marriage , " says Pender of her boyfriend , "  and he bugs me when I forget to dye my gray roots . " If you can work through these issues , the adage holds true : Age ai n't nothing but a number . "  When I finally found out how much younger he was , I was a little shocked , " says Kimberly Schmitz , a 34-year-old communications and public relations director in Tucson , Arizona , of her now-fiancé , Bobby Kern , 25 , owner of a feed store and pet food distribution company in the same city . "  But  he is such an amazing man that I decided to let his actions speak more than his statistics . I was right . He is the most mature and sensitive man I have ever dated . " For Kern , the attraction is mutual . "  There was no fear in dating an older woman , " he says . "  I prefer to date older women , and for some reason I always have , even in high school . It seems that they are easier to get along with -- there is , for the most part , no drama . Older women know what they want , they usually are in a career , are financially secure and not looking for a man to take care of them . " E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Jocelyn Voo is a freelance journalist and relationships editor at the New York Post .	Study : 34 percent of all women over 40 in the survey were dating younger men Hollywood in particular has defied the ageism stereotype Madonna and Demi Moore have both married significantly younger men
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Tino Schaedler is an architect-turned-digital design artist whose groundbreaking work has been seen in "  Charlie and the Chocolate Factory " and "  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . " Tino Schaedler , Jean-Lucien Gay and Michael J. Brown talk about design , virtuality and the future Schaedler 's next film project is "  Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time , " a fantasy epic starring Jake Gyllenhaal and due in 2010 . In 2007 he joined with Michael J. Brown and Jean-Lucien Gay to found NAU , a cross-disciplinary design collective positioned between architecture and film . CNN talked to Schaedler and his NAU colleagues , as well as collaborator Ken Leung , a graphic designer . CNN : You have said that graphic design is very powerful . Can you explain why ? TS : I think graphic design , for us , is very important as it helps to break down very complex information into digestible , easy-to-understand buttons or whatever . In the world we 're living in , we 're flooded with information and need someone to almost kind of channel it and create signs that we can read . That 's why I think graphic design becomes more important , the more complex our world becomes . CNN : Can you explain the work that NAU does ? TS : NAU is a company that I founded with Michael and Jean-Lucien , friends from the architect firm I worked at . I guess we all wanted to collaborate , and me being interested in drifting back from the world of architecture to the world of film , I guess Michael and Jean-Lucien had something to offer . They usually take over the architectural side of things and I can be more free and visionary . I push them further with the kind of ideas I come up with and at the same time they make my ideas real . JLG : The idea was really to create a label , a structure that could cope with all the different locations that we 're working from . It 's also about the idea of remote collaboration . CNN : How important is it for you to collaborate with people ? TS : For me , working with Ken has been like adding a whole new layer to the 3D worlds that I 'm designing . I always liked the combination of high-end 3D graphics and subtle 2D graphics . I think for me , collaboration is also about creating situations that we 'll both profit from . Also there are new tools we use that are a combination of Skype , video conferencing and Photoshop which allow you to do a video conference , which allow me to use a sketchpad that the other person can see . We can sketch correspondingly with each other and create something although we are not sitting in the same office . KL : Working with Tino , I 've seen my work transformed into 3D . My background is print and magazines , so in this sense , things come alive , they move , it makes it real . CNN : How does architecture tie in with digital or 3D design ? TS : You need two images and through the images you can interpolate the architectural spatial design which creates a 3D model ... that technique also comes into film because it is photogrammetry ,  a way of measuring 2D or 3D objects from photo-grammes or photographs as well as electronic imagery . CNN : Did n't the makers of "  The Matrix " use similar technology ? TS : They basically just have the actress -LSB- Carrie-Ann Moss -RSB- up in the air and they take a photograph each at the same time so that 's why she 's in that movement ... the camera moves around her but she does n't move because its all different shots so you stretch the whole experience in two or three seconds . We 're doing something similar on -LSB- the film -RSB- "  Prince of Persia " that I 've just finished . We record some action with five cameras ... from these five images they recreate the actors as 3D objects and then project according to which angle . It 's fascinating what kind of technology is out there . CNN : Can you define the relationship between working as architects and still working on a project like the Cocoon ? MB : For us , it 's less about the physical infrastructure that you are creating and more about the spaces and the experiences that you have there . In that sense I see a development of designers who are working across many media . CNN : Let 's talk more about the Cocoon . What is it ? TS : I actually had the idea for the Cocoon when I was walking down Oxford Street on a Saturday afternoon . We know how manic it can be when everyone is shopping . I thought it would be brilliant to have something like a telephone booth that could help me disappear from the madness and allow me to relax or walk through the Amazon or let me sleep under a starry sky or whatever . You also have to see it like a retreat , it 's to chill out . MB : I think the important elements for us were to be able to ask , "  Can I communicate with this piece through physical actions that are not so much tied to moving my fingers across the keyboard , but are much more about how I walk down the street , how I wave to people . " How can I break down the barrier which is typically this sort of 2D screen between me and this digital world ? CNN : Will we end up wired to computers and never see each other ? KL : It 's very different from gaming in the 80s . Then , you 'd go to a computer game parlor and sit in a car for example . This is kind of taking it one step further , you 're a bit more enclosed and the graphics are a lot better . I would n't be so daunted going into it . TS : For me , the true potential evolves more once the virtual information is completely freed from any medium that displays it . That 's actually not far from the Cocoon because the next big step is the interface - if I can interact with something that 's in front of me , I 'm also using my body and that 's also what the Cocoon is establishing . I see virtuality , once it 's fully unfolded , as contributing to the slowing process that puts us back in tune with ourselves . CNN : What appeals to you most about the Cocoon project ? KL : It 's almost like being in your own virtual world . You see people with their iPods . They want to be in their own worlds , this is taking it one step further . But the good thing is you 're using your whole body and almost becoming part of it . TS : I think -LSB- the Cocoon -RSB- frees virtuality from the computer . I 've been dealing with this concept for probably ten years , because it was a big theme in architecture in the 90s . Everyone was afraid that architecture would disappear and be completely replaced by virtuality . I think it 's got such amazing potential to make the world so much more exciting . When we think about our childhoods or watching "  Star Trek " - seeing people being beamed - there 's so much cool stuff and ideas ... the future is now . CNN : Is the world ready for it ? TS : I think it always takes some time to invent something , then for people to adapt it . I think with technology accelerating we also accelerate in the way that we adapt it so I think it 's always no problem to get used to that and to enjoy it as well . CNN : What role do you see the Cocoon playing in the real world ? TS : While working on the project , I read an article which talked about how in the future we would be much more limited in the way that we can physically travel . It will be a luxury to have a car or travel across countries and continents . It also mentioned that virtuality and Internet communication will be much more enhanced and will be even more importance . I think with the Cocoon and the technology that we propose in there , to travel to places , to work remotely , to have enhanced communication for remote shopping , will be even more important . Michael : For us the Cocoon is , I hope , the first step in trying to bring people a little bit more freedom from how they work and how they communicate . CNN : Do you think we 're getting better at it ? KL : I do . Personally , I loved the modernism of the 60s and 70s ; everything was boiled down and focused on central points . Now we 've got so many tricks with computers that we tend to go overboard , but I think the ideas are lacking and that people need to focus on the ideas first . I think we kind of share the same visual sensibility as well . Tino will send back a brief and I will send three options and we 'll narrow it down from there . We work together quite well . CNN : Is it weird being together ? TS : You know something like this always evolves . You start a project with certain expectations and I 've had other collaborations that do n't work that well and some where there 's kind of a chemistry where things kind of create a synergy and something evolves that you would not be able to do yourself . CNN : Ken , where do you see the future of entertainment from your perspective , from print and magazines as entertainment , what 's the future ? KL : Well I think there is a future in magazines , I think people still want to have time and space from all the rush of the world . To me , when I 'm on a plane , I 'm happy because I 'm not going to be interrupted by anyone and that 's kind of the same with the Cocoon . I think its kind of getting away from reality ; it 's just the need to get your thoughts together .	Tino Schaedler , colleagues talk about NAU , a remote collaboration project They discuss the concept of virtual reality , 3D design and the Internet Cocoon project is about being entertained in our own virtual world
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- A consortium including Petrobras , Shell , Total and two Chinese companies was the winner and sole bidder in Brazil 's auction of a giant offshore oil block , considered one of the most promising in the world . Protesters clashed with police and Army troops a couple of blocks from the hotel where the auction was carried out as oil workers and activists denounced the auction as a sale of national assets to foreign companies . Protesters attacked parked cars and metal barriers protecting the areal while security forces fired tear gas . The government deployed Army troops ahead of the auction to help cordon off the area . This was Brazil 's first oil auction since new rules were implemented giving more power to the state-owned Petrobras and a percentage of the oil stays in state hands . Under the new rules , Petrobras is required to be the sole operator and hold a minimum 30 % stake in every consortium . According to Brazil 's National Petroleum Agency , the Libra oil field holds between 8 billion and 12 billion barrels of oil , making it one of the world 's most promising fields . In the end , only 11 companies registered for the auction despite government predictions some 40 companies would turn out . And only one consortium actually put in a bid . Petrobras holds a 40 % stake in the winning consortium . The other members are : -- Shell , incorporated in the United Kingdom and headquartered in the Netherlands . It has a 20 % stake . -- Total , a French multinational company . It has a 20 % stake . -- China National Petroleum Corporation and China National Offshore Oil Corporation . They have a 10 % stake each . The auction comes at a bad time for Petrobras , which is struggling with its debt but will provide needed cash for state coffers . The winning consortium has to cough up a $ 7 billion signing fee and invest about $ 185 billion over the 35 years of the concession .	The consortium is composed of companies from Brazil , Europe and China The group has paid a $ 7 billion signing fee to access the Libra oil field It 's estimated the offshore oil field holds anywhere from 8 billion to 12 billion gallons Protesters against the sale with police and troops in Brazil
CNN  Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush launched a new political action committee Tuesday in the latest move that he is moving closer to a 2016 presidential run . Bush launched the "  Right to Rise PAC " on Tuesday , a Leadership PAC which will allow him to raise money , hire staff , travel around the country and donate to candidates and other groups that could help him lay the groundwork for a presidential run . Bush supporters also launched a Super PAC in the same name on Tuesday according to FEC filings . Super PACs can accept unlimited contributions from supporters , but will not be allowed to coordinate with the Bush campaign if he officially becomes a candidate . Veteran Republican strategist Charles Spies , who co-founded a Super PAC that buoyed Gov. Mitt Romney 's 2012 presidential bid , is the new Super PAC 's treasurer , according to FEC filings . Both the Leadership PAC and Super PAC list the same assistant treasurer in documents filed with the FEC on Tuesday . The move is the latest hand wave from Bush that he is leaning toward running for President as he looks to lock up top GOP donors ahead of other potential contenders . The PAC formation comes less than a week after Bush announced he was stepping down from all his corporate and nonprofit board memberships . Bush calls for ` respect ' in gay marriage debate Bush announced his move online on his Facebook and Twitter pages with a video in English and another in Spanish . He also joined Instagram . "  Today we 're setting up The Right to Rise PAC , which is a PAC to support candidates who believe in conservative principles to allow all Americans to rise up , " Bush says while walking down a street in the English-language video . Bush has talked about the "  right to rise before , " talking about the phrase as a way to describe "  the core concept of economic freedom " in a Dec. 2011 Wall Street Journal Op-Ed . "  We have to make it easier for people to do the things that allow them to rise . We have to let them compete . We need to let people fight for business . We need to let people take risks . We need to let people fail . We need to let people suffer the consequences of bad decisions , " he wrote in 2011 . Bush attributed the phrase to Rep. Paul Ryan in the editorial , but the phrase appears to trace its roots to President Abraham Lincoln . Bush aides gave Ryan a "  heads up " about naming the PAC based on Ryan 's use of the "  right to rise " phrase , Ryan spokesman Kevin Seifert said . "  Congressman Ryan does n't claim ownership of the phrase , however he has used it extensively in recent years , " Seifert said . CNN 's David Chalian contributed to this report .	Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush launched the "  Right to Rise PAC " on Tuesday He shared a video on social media in Spanish and in English , and joined Instagram
CNN  -- Football club Barcelona paid 13.5 million euros  $ 18.5 million  in additional taxes on Monday , while denying any fiscal "  irregularities " in its purchase of Brazilian superstar Neymar , which is now under investigation by a court . FC Barcelona announced the surprise payment on its website , which it called "  voluntary , " just four days after a judge at Spain 's National Court in Madrid filed preliminary charges against the fan-owned club for alleged tax fraud in the Neymar deal . "  The board  of Barcelona  denies the existence of any tax-related crime in relation to the fiscal obligations arising from the signing of the player  Neymar  , " the club 's website said . "  Throughout the process , the club was receiving expert advice and at every moment the club 's auditor was informed and had access to all the documentation concerning the negotiations . " Last Thursday , Judge Pablo Ruz expanded his investigation against the club , as requested a day earlier by a prosecutor , who alleged the club avoided paying 9 million euros  more than $ 12 million  in taxes on Neymar 's signing and transfer , corresponding to contracts signed in 2011 and 2013 . The judge is already investigating whether a former Barcelona president committed financial irregularities in the signing of Neymar . The club said on its website Monday : "  Given the existence of a possible divergent interpretation of the exact amount of tax responsibility arising from the signing , and to defend the club 's reputation and good name , FC Barcelona has this morning made a complementary tax declaration of a total of 13,550,830.56 euros . " The reason , the club added , was "  to cover any potential interpretation made concerning the contracts signed in the transfer process for Neymar , although we remain convinced that the original tax payment was in line with our fiscal obligations . " Judge Ruz said in his writ last Thursday that the investigation would include a look at an alleged "  contract simulation presumably carried out by the parties which signed the contracts . " The expanded investigation would hold FC Barcelona responsible as an entity or business enterprise if found guilty of tax fraud , said a National Court spokesman , who by custom is not identified . The judge ordered Spain 's tax collection agency to examine FC Barcelona 's tax filings for 2011 , 2012 and 2013 , the writ said . Neymar joined Barcelona in June 2013 , with his father -- who doubles as his agent -- having entered into an initial contract with the Spanish giants in late 2011 . Barcelona 's former president , Sandro Rosell , who resigned last month after a judge agreed to investigate a lawsuit against him for alleged irregularities in the Neymar deal , has denied any wrongdoing . Ruz began the investigation last month after a legal complaint from one of the club 's members . Prosecutor Jose Perals last Wednesday formally asked the judge to expand the investigation . In his writ , Perals alleges that he 's "  become aware of a series of economic transactions by the club , and in favor of various companies , related to the signing of Neymar da Silva Santos Jr. , based at times on simulated contracts . " The investigation originally came after season-ticket holder Jordi Cases complained that the amount paid to bring Neymar from Brazilian side Santos was more than the reported fee of 57.1 million euros . A day after Rosell resigned , the club released figures that showed that Barca actually paid 86.2 million euros for Neymar . Cases ' lawyer , Felipe Izquierdo , earlier told CNN that other Barcelona executives , still working at the club after Rosell 's resignation , also allegedly signed some of the contracts that brought Neymar to the club . Barcelona has told CNN that one of those signatories was former club VP , and now President , Josep Maria Bartomeu . Piers Edwards and Chris Murphy contributed to this report .	Barcelona pay $ 18.5 m in tax four days after judge files charges for alleged tax fraud Tax fraud allegations came as Spanish judge expanded inquiry into controversial Neymar deal Barca describe the tax payment as "  voluntary " while denying any fiscal "  irregularities "
CNN  -- Nearly 5,000 cave paintings found in northeastern Mexico were made by at least three groups of hunter-gatherers who lived in an area previously thought to have been uninhabited , archeologists said . The drawings were discovered in 2006 in a number of caves in the San Carlos mountain range near the modern-day town of Burgos , about 100 miles south of the U.S. border . The first findings about the red markings that depict people , shapes and designs were revealed this week at a conference in Mexico City . Mexico 's National Institute of Anthropology and History has been cataloging and studying the drawings for the past two years . Archeologist Martha Garcia Sanchez said the paintings include human and animal shapes , and relate to astronomy . They 're abstract in nature , she said . "  Their importance is that based on them , we have been able to document the presence of pre-Hispanic groups in Burgos , where before it was believed there was nothing , when in reality it was inhabited by one or several cultures , " she said . Burgos is in Tamaulipas state , which borders Texas . The ages of the cave paintings remain uncertain for now because archaeologists have not found any objects in the area that could help date them , said another archeologist , Gustavo Ramirez . Rains have also swept away sediment in the area , making that method of dating unavailable , too , he said . At least three nomadic hunter-gatherer groups -- the Guajolotes , Iconoplos and Pintos -- are believed to have made the 4,926 drawings . The images indicate that the groups prioritized hunting , fishing and gathering , Garcia said . Other drawings appear to depict religious and astronomical themes , she said . Drawings of what appear to be teepees , local plants and animals like deer , lizards and centipedes can tell researchers about how the populations lived . Drawings in one cave depicted an atlatl , a pre-Hispanic hunting tool that had not been previously found in other cave art in this part of Mexico , Garcia said . Little is known about the indigenous groups that lived in the mountains near Burgos , she said . These groups evaded Spanish colonists for nearly 200 years , she said , because they had the means to survive in the mountains , where the Spanish would n't venture .	Nearly 5,000 cave painting were discovered in northeastern Mexico in 2006 This week , archeologists revealed their initial findings The ages of the paintings are still not known But they are believed to have been made by hunter-gatherer tribes
Washington  CNN  -- Briefly back in Congress doing his day job , Ron Paul met with high school students outside his office . True to form , he signed copies of the Constitution and wryly told them with a chuckle , "  No one around here reads it very much . I 'd like to get everybody to read it . " Paul made a detour from the presidential campaign trail to Capitol Hill on Wednesday in order to cast a vote to protest raising the debt limit . "  We are in denial here in Congress , " Paul said on the House floor . "  If we had the vaguest idea of how serious this crisis is financially , not only for us but for the world , we would cut spending . " The busy Texas Republican lawmaker seemed to cram in as much as he could to push his libertarian agenda -- even introducing legislation to repeal indefinite detention of terror suspects he calls unconstitutional . Paul running fourth in latest South Carolina poll What Paul did not do was attend a closed-door gathering of House Republicans . In fact , the GOP presidential contender is known to never attend these meetings . But Paul 's Republican colleagues who did go had no shortage of opinions about his strong showing in the presidential race so far . Many were good . "  You 've got to admire an individual who , despite the currents of the time -- polling data -- says what he believes in and sticks to it . Ron Paul does that , " said Rep. Mo Brooks , R-Alabama , who has served with Paul for years . "  The public understands we have too many Monty Halls and Bob Barkers wanting to make a deal or ` the price is right ' in Washington , D.C. , and they 're yearning for leadership -- people who take a position and stick to it , " Brooks said . Rep. Kevin Brady , Paul 's fellow Texan , said he disagrees with Paul on many issues but is n't surprised about his success in these tough economic times . "  He 's been so consistent over the years . He feels very strongly about limited government , about personal responsibility and individual freedoms , and staying consistent has drawn a good , solid base for him in this presidential campaign , " Brady said . Other House Republicans were less positive about Paul 's ascent . "  I do n't have any personal dislike for the man , but I will say to you that he has really been essentially totally ineffective in Congress , " said Rep. Trent Franks , R-Arizona . Franks , who has endorsed Newt Gingrich , called Paul a "  nonplayer " on Capitol Hill . "  That 's why most of his supporters support him , but what they do n't realize is that most of the things he puts forward are only for the consumption of the public , " Franks said . From government spending to military action abroad , Paul has spent decades building a reputation that earned him a nickname inside the GOP leadership : Doctor No . "  He voted no on absolutely everything , " said John Feehery , a veteran House Republican leadership aide who worked for former House Speaker Dennis Hastert and House Majority Leader Tom DeLay . "  We did n't count on him for anything . In many ways , he was an ideological warrior , " Feehery said . "  Many times , the vote would be 434-1 -- he 'd be the one , but he was the one who kind of put up the ideological goal posts -- this is where you should be if you 're pure , and what we found is no one is really pure except Ron Paul , " he said . Several House Republicans told CNN they admire his purism . "  Dr. No puts up his vote , and if you want to know why , he tells you why . And if you want to vote with him , great , and there 's been a lot to be said for it , " said Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , who says he personally likes Paul very much . But Issa is one of several Paul legislative colleagues who say that his refusal to compromise often goes too far . "  Ron Paul is less like a Ronald Reagan and more like somebody who is a great professor but you would n't want to have him run your company , " Issa said . So far , 64 members of Congress have endorsed Mitt Romney . Just three have endorsed Paul , the only sitting lawmaker in the race . One is Paul 's son Rand , a senator from Kentucky . Another is Paul 's good friend Walter Jones , a fellow anti-war Republican . "  I like Ron Paul 's independence , " Jones told CNN in his office . "  He knows we 've got to fix the problems of the American people . We 've got to fix the job situation . We 've got to bring this debt down , and I think he is exactly what America needs right now . " Paul campaign rakes in $ 1.3 million in two days Jones has supported Paul for years and watched him extolling the importance of less involvement abroad , smaller government and greater personal liberties without finding mass appeal . Jones thinks Paul has caught fire now because he has been so consistent . "  They trust him , " Jones said . Paul has a reputation in Congress as a loner . But Jones dismisses that by revealing a mock picture he displays in his office of Paul with congressional friends , dressed as the singing group The Four Tops . "  It 's a great picture of him , " jokes Jones . "  He 's got the look of a president . " But Paul 's good friend from North Carolina does concede that "  he 's just not a socialite . " "  He 's a workhorse , and that 's what Washington needs right now is a workhorse , not a show horse , " Jones said . He also warned that even if Paul is n't the nominee , the Republican Party needs to listen to him and show respect or risk losing the opportunity to capture some of Paul 's supporters who are young and independent . "  He brings a support base that is so truly committed to his points of views and his issues that if the party does n't find a way to bring Ron Paul in , I do n't think he 's going to do anything outside of it , but he wo n't be very helpful . "	Republican presidential candidate consistently goes his own way GOP caucus ca n't count on Paul to vote its way on anything , insider says He 's well-liked but has earned nickname "  Doctor No " Voter base likes Paul 's consistency , colleagues say
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- People in big cities walk past them every day -- street performers , or buskers . Some are talented , some are not , and most are n't performing for a cause greater than themselves . But on Monday , 12-year-old Abby Miller was . Abby Miller sings for her friend Taylor Love outside Washington 's Union Station on Monday . She was performing outside Washington 's Union Station to help her 4-year-old friend , Taylor Love , who is suffering from cancer . Abby sat in front of the station with a couple of her friends , singing songs and strumming a guitar . Passers-by seemed to notice the girl 's singing talent , stopping to listen in the chilly weather , with a few putting money in a bucket at Abby 's feet . Abby said the money will help support Taylor 's family . A few more stopped to write messages on "  Love Notes , " little cards designed to encourage Taylor Love through the tough time . "  Her mom reads them to her before she goes to bed at night , " Abby said . "  Taylor gets excited for them and she loves getting them read to her because she likes knowing that people are supporting her and people are actually thinking of her . " Taylor has neuroblastoma , a cancer that affects the nervous system . According to her Web site , she is in remission , but this type of cancer has a high risk of recurrence . There has been little research on the illness , of which there are about 650 new cases in the United States each year . Mike Gillette , a family friend of both Taylor and Abby , brought the two girls together . While raising money and support for Taylor is important , he said , he thinks Abby 's outreach can help bring more critical awareness for the devastating disease . "  She really wanted to reach people all over the country , " he said . Gillette said he has taken Abby to do similar performances in the District of Columbia , New Jersey and Virginia , and estimates they 've raised thousands of dollars and have gotten people to write several hundred "  Love Notes . " Abby does more than just raise money and awareness for her friend . Taylor 's mother , Aimee , said that although Abby is eight years older than Taylor , the two see each other often and have a special connection that helps her get through her daughter 's illness . "  I think it 's amazing for a 12-year-old Abby to be drawn to my daughter , who is 4 and wants to inspire other children , " Aimee Love said . "  The joy I see in Taylor when she sees Abby brings a light into my life . " Taylor 's family said her treatments are terribly painful . But Abby said Taylor has enormous character . "  She 's the most happy girl in the world , which I think is just incredible , " Abby said . "  She 's so much fun to be around . She 's a little 4-year-old girl but she 's got a heart of like a thousand grown adults . " Aimee Love said her daughter feels the same way about Abby . "  It gives her someone to aspire to , someone to be inspired by , " she said .	Abby Miller sings , plays guitar to help 4-year-old friend with cancer Abby collects donations , has people write notes of support for Taylor Love Taylor has neuroblastoma , a cancer that affects the nervous system
Maryland 's attorney general said Wednesday that the state may legally recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states . The 45-page opinion from Attorney General Douglas F. Gansler was addressed to state Sen. Richard S. Madaleno Jr. . "  You have asked whether those marriages may be recognized under state law . The answer to that question is clearly ` yes , ' " Gansler wrote . He noted that his opinion is "  not itself the law of Maryland in the same sense as a statute enacted by the Legislature or court decision elaborating the common law or construing a statute . " Rather , it is an interpretation of law intended to guide courts and government agencies , he said . "  Thus , what we say in this opinion is a prediction , not a prescription , as to the how the court would approach this issue under current law , " Gansler wrote . His office said that he can not direct the actions of state agencies . But Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley said Wednesday afternoon that the state "  will be guided by the attorney general 's thorough analysis and legal advice on this matter . " He added , "  I am confident that the attorney general and his office will provide all necessary advice to state agencies on how to comply with the law , and I expect all state agencies to work with the attorney general 's office to ensure compliance with the law . " Further details were not immediately available , and the governor 's office did not return phone calls seeking clarification . It was unclear what the immediate ramifications of Gansler 's opinion would be in Maryland . One state representative , Del. . Emmett Burns -- who sponsored a bill earlier this year that would have barred the state from recognizing same-sex marriages performed in other states and other countries -- said the attorney general 's opinion "  muddles the waters . " Burns ' bill failed in committee . Referring to the opinion , Burns said , "  I do n't think it 's worth a bucket of warm spit . ... I do n't think it 's something that is going to make that big of a difference . " He said the issue is likely to be decided through legislation or in a court case . He noted that state Sen. Norman Stone is sponsoring a bill that mirrors Burns ' failed one . Also , he said , the House Judiciary Committee is considering a bill that would allow same-sex marriage . "  It 's going to be going pandemonium on the House floor " if that bill makes it out of committee , he said . He added he believes there is much opposition in both the state House and Senate to same-sex marriage . "  I believe that the concept is going to have be settled through -LSB- public -RSB- referendum , " he said . "  If it were to go to referendum , my side will win . " Maryland state law from 1973 says that only a marriage between a man and a woman is valid in the state . However , there are no laws or court cases regarding recognition of marriages legally performed in other places , the attorney general 's office said . Madaleno said in a statement released through Equality Maryland that the opinion is "  welcome news " for same-sex couples legally married in states where the practice is allowed , and "  nothing in the attorney general 's opinion changes the fact that same-sex couples can not obtain marriage licenses in Maryland . " Media reports said Madaleno had asked the attorney general in May whether Maryland may legally recognize same-sex marriages . Massachusetts , Connecticut , Vermont and New Hampshire and Iowa allow same-sex marriage . The District of Columbia has also passed a law allowing same-sex marriage , although it has not yet taken effect . CNN 's Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	Maryland should recognize same-sex marriages from other states , according to state AG State representative says Douglas F. Gansler 's opinion "  muddles the waters " Five states currently allow same-sex marriages
CNN  -- The city councils in two of Arizona 's largest cities have voted to file suit over the state 's controversial new immigration law , which allows police to ask anyone for proof of legal U.S. residency . The Tucson City Council voted 5-1 to file suit , and the city council in Flagstaff approved a similar measure 7-0 . Both votes occurred Tuesday . Members of the Phoenix Suns basketball team , meanwhile , plan to wear jerseys that say "  Los Suns " in a playoff game Wednesday as "  a way for our team and our organization to honor our Latino community , " managing partner Robert Sarver said in a statement . Opposition to the law continued Wednesday , with some civil rights and labor organizations saying they will announce a boycott Thursday . Joining in Thursday 's announcement will be the National Council of La Raza , which bills itself as the largest national Hispanic civil rights and advocacy organization in the United States ; the Asian American Justice Center ; the Center for Community Change ; the Service Employees International Union ; and the United Food and Commercial Workers , the groups said in a release . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signed the immigration measure April 23 . It is scheduled to go into effect this summer . Critics say the law will lead to racial profiling . Brewer and others who support the law say it does not involve racial profiling or any other illegal acts . The city councils said they passed the measures because of concerns over enforcement costs and negative effects on Arizona 's tourism industry . Opponents of the immigration law have called for a boycott of Arizona tourism and urge that no one engage in any commerce with businesses located in the state . In Tucson , council member Regina Romero introduced a motion for "  the city attorney to bring a legal challenge " because the immigration bill is "  a bad law , which could cost the city millions of dollars in lawsuits and is unconstitutional . " "  This bill opens the door to racial profiling , and it puts Latinos in Arizona in automatic suspect mode , " Romero said . Tucson Mayor Bob Walkup said up to 38 percent of retail sales in the city come from legal Mexican visitors . The state immigration law threatens those businesses , Walkup said , just when "  the city is just beginning to recover from the economic downturn . " The Mexican government issued an advisory to its citizens last week to avoid travel in Arizona . The Organization of American States expressed its concern about the law last week , and presidents of South American countries meeting in Argentina for a gathering of the Union of South American Nations condemned the law Tuesday . Well-known Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes recommended this week that dark-skinned people , men with mustaches , women who use shawls , or anyone who does not speak English well should not go to Arizona because the state has "  officially declared itself racist , " the government-run Notimex news service reported Wednesday . The Phoenix Suns basketball team also criticized the new law . "  The frustration with the federal government 's failure to deal with the issue of illegal immigration resulted in passage of a flawed state law , " managing partner Sarver said . "  However intended , the result of passing this law is that our basic principles of equal rights and protection under the law are being called into question , and Arizona 's already struggling economy will suffer even further setbacks at a time when the state can ill-afford them . "	NEW : Civil rights and labor organizations say they 'll announce boycott on Thursday Tucson and Flagstaff vote to file suit against Arizona 's new immigration law Law allows police to ask anyone for proof of legal U.S. immigration status Critics say it will lead to racial profiling ; supporters disagree
CNN  -- A U.S. Air Force B-1 bomber caught fire Friday after a landing at al-Udeid Air Base in Qatar , U.S. military officials said . A sweep-wing B-1 bomber , similar to this one , caught fire after landing Friday in Qatar , the U.S. military says . The crew evacuated safely , the officials said . They said the fire began while the plane was taxiing after landing about 9:10 p.m. at al-Udeid , the headquarters of U.S. military air operations for the Middle East . Officials said the fire on the bomber was contained . A military board of inquiry has been appointed to investigate the incident , they said . The officials said initial reports said the plane crashed at the headquarters of the U.S. military 's air operations for the Middle East . The B-1B Lancer is widely used by the U.S. military to bomb targets over Iraq and Afghanistan . Learn more about B-1 bombers " It carries a host of satellite and laser-guided bombs and is able to remain over targets for long periods of time to assist in close-air support for troops on the ground . In December 2001 , a B-1 crashed while returning from a bombing run over Afghanistan to a British base on the Indian Ocean island of Diego Garcia . Originally designed to speed nuclear bombs into Cold War Russia , the B-1 was retooled to become a long-range bomber able to carry more conventional bombs , allowing it to hit more targets over a wider area . Al-Udeid , about 20 miles south of Qatar 's capital of Doha , has the military 's longest runway in the Middle East . About 3,300 U.S. troops , mostly Army , are stationed at the base . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Bomber burned after landing at al-Udeid Air Base in Qatar NEW : Crew was able to evacuate aircraft safely , military says Al-Udeid Air Base has the military 's longest runway in the Middle East
New York  CNN  -- New Yorkers are sweating-out a steamy summer thinking about sex . A pair of rogue politicians running for re-election and redemption leave them no choice . "  People have forgiveness in their hearts , " said Eliot Spitzer , a former crime-fighting prosecutor and then governor who resigned in 2008 after revelations that he frequented prostitutes . Spitzer , who briefly joined us at CNN as a TV host during his exile from elected politics , began his comeback campaign this week with a surprise decision to run for comptroller of New York City . The job would essentially make him the Big Apple 's accountant -- a huge demotion from his days running the entire state . He 's sharing the city 's summer-of-scandal spotlight with Anthony Weiner , a former Washington lawmaker who resigned from the House of Representatives in 2011 after acknowledging he sent sexually explicit photographs to several women . Weiner is running for mayor and would have to work closely with Spitzer if both men win . Could they ? Both are Democrats -- a party that typically does well in New York -- and would first have to face a September vote for their party 's nomination , even before the municipal election in November . Zombie politicians find new life after disgrace Weiner represented a New York district in Congress and ran a credible campaign for mayor of the city back in 2005 . Media accounts suggest he spent months planning this year 's campaign . Polls make him the frontrunner among Democrats . By contrast , Spitzer started late and had a rough first week simply trying to collect enough signatures to get a place on the ballot . He also faced a particularly awkward opponent for the comptroller 's office : an ex-madam who says she actually supplied Spitzer with women . Kristin Davis has no proof of that allegation but she did spend several months behind bars because of her business . Spitzer has to hope that it 's something voters can overlook come September . Is the road to redemption getting shorter ? "  Ten minutes in politics is 50 years in anything else , " said Hank Sheinkopf , a Democratic strategist who has worked with Spitzer in the past . "  And anything can happen , all times , any time , forever . " The prospect of the disgraced duo running ` the city that never sleeps ' has n't escaped the attention of America 's comedians . In the words of late night TV host Conan O'Brien , "  New York is changing its name to the city that never sleeps with its wife . " Opinion : New York 's sex scandal candidates	Scandal tainted politicians look for redemption at the ballot box One-time governor Eliot Spitzer running to control New York 's purse strings Former Congressman Anthony Weiner wants to be city mayor Spitzer was ousted for using prostitutes ; Weiner for sending sexual photos
CNN  -- With only 71,000 private sector jobs created in July , the latest employment report tells the story of a slow and agonizing recovery . But if you look beneath the surface of recent government data , you can see the developing outline of the next powerful expansion . The leader ? The broad digital communications sector -- everything from telecom infrastructure to content providers to applications developers . Communications is one of the few areas where people are consuming more since the recession started , and key communications industries have continued to add jobs despite the downturn . All of which suggests that Washington policymakers should do everything they can to hitch a ride on the communications sector and find ways to stoke the jobs and spending engine a little bit . But proposals to regulate internet activity now before the Federal Communications Commission would do the opposite . What 's needed from regulators now is some creativity and humility -- in the form of "  countercyclical regulatory policy . " This gives innovators a bit of breathing space at the start of an economic recovery , but sets the stage to tighten regulations later on if excesses develop . This approach does not mean regulators can go to sleep nor does it mean they can raise the flag of laissez-faire . What 's needed is the nuanced judgment of sentries posted at a tense border spot . With watchful eyes , regulators must practice thoughtful restraint that allows space for job leaders to innovate and hire , while remaining ready to aggressively confront violations of law or abuses of consumer rights if they take place . The communications sector is one of the few bright lights in an otherwise dismal economic picture . Facebook just reported its 500 millionth member ; Droids are flying out of stores ; and the iPad is the latest "  must have " in technology . To enjoy the new toys , Americans are paying for more powerful mobile connections , too . The powerful pull of the new technology shows up in statistics from the Bureau of Economic Analysis and the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Since the recession began in the fourth quarter of 2007 , real personal consumption has dropped in big categories of spending , such as motor vehicles , furniture , clothing , eating out and recreation services . There are only two major exceptions to this pattern of big cutbacks . For one , real consumption has risen in some health , education and social services -- all areas that receive a lot of government funding . But operating without big government subsidies , the communications sector has shown equally impressive gains . Real consumption of cell phone services , adjusted for price changes , is up 12.6 percent since the end of 2007 . Purchases of internet service , adjusted for price changes , have risen by 5.1 percent , and personal purchases of telephone equipment , adjusted for price changes , are up more than 25 percent . At the same time , key communications-related industries have managed to keep adding jobs . Jobs at internet publishing and broadcasting and web search portals -- think Google and Yahoo -- are up 16 percent since the recession started in December 2007 . Employment in the "  custom computer programming " industry -- think website and apps development -- took a hit in the first half of 2009 , but since then has bounced back strong . The same is true for jobs in wireless telecom , which bottomed out in July 2009 and have been on a slow upward trend since then . This strength signals that the broad communications sector can help drive recovery , because businesses that hire during a recession usually carry that strength into the subsequent upswing . If history is any guide , these job leaders may grow at least twice as fast as the rest of the economy during the next expansion . That brings us to regulators and government policy . Policymakers should follow the principle of "  do no harm " when dealing with communications , one of the few sectors showing vibrant growth . That means the FCC should avoid the temptation to add rules , even with good intentions . In particular , the FCC is considering bringing broadband under the same common carrier rules that govern older phone networks . This tightening of the regulatory regime would be part of a move toward net neutrality , a policy that would impose rules on broadband providers and govern the services and products they could offer . The debate over net neutrality is heated , and there are strong arguments on both sides . But whether or not you think that such a move is a good idea , such regulations are unlikely to boost investment or employment in the telecom industry , at a time when we need all the capital spending and jobs that we can get . For that reason , I suggest a two-year pause in new broadband regulation , keeping the current balance among the different players , which seems to be generating growth . At the same time , the knowledge that the regulator remains on duty , ready to intervene , would provide an essential check . Such a countercyclical approach requires regulatory discipline and wisdom . Yes , we know from recent experience that regulators can be too lax . But there 's an important difference between deliberate restraint by a regulator who remains alert for the right moment to step back in and a regulator who has gone to sleep . For now , getting more Americans working is more important than imposing too much regulation on growing sectors . Let 's help the job leaders soar . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Michael Mandel .	Michael Mandel : Even in recession , people spending more on digital communications Policy should stoke jobs and spending engine of communications , Mandel writes He says FCC regulations under consideration could slow growth Need regulatory policy that allows growth but could clamp down if needed , he says
CNN  -- How do the outer reaches of the sun get so hot ? That 's one of the questions that NASA has set out to answer by launching a new telescope that will stare into a mysterious zone between the sun 's surface and outer atmosphere . Material that travels through the region , known as the solar chromosphere , heats up from about 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit  5,500 degrees Celsius  at the sun 's surface to temperatures as high as 3.5 million degrees Fahrenheit  2 million degrees celsius  farther out , according to NASA . The agency says its IRIS spacecraft , which reached its orbit Thursday evening after taking off from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California , will angle its telescope to study "  how solar material moves , gathers energy and heats up " in the chromosphere on its way to the outer atmosphere , the corona . "  IRIS will show the solar chromosphere in more detail than has ever been observed before , " Adrian Daw , deputy project scientist , said in a NASA article ahead of the launch . "  My opinion is that we are bound to see something we did n't expect to see . " What causes the corona 's intense heat has been "  a scientific mystery for more than 50 years , " according to NASA 's Solar System Exploration unit . Information gathered by previous space missions suggests one source could be a magnetic field covering the sun 's surface , the unit says . Scientists are also interested in the chromosphere because it generates most of the sun 's ultraviolet rays that affect Earth 's climate . The data gathered by IRIS , which stands for Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph , will add to the work of two other missions that will monitor the sun 's surface and outer atmosphere .	The IRIS spacecraft will point a telescope at a little-studied area of the sun The chromosphere sits between the sun 's surface and outer atmosphere Scientists want to understand how material moves and heats up in the zone Temperatures rise from thousands of degrees at the surface to millions farther out
CNN  -- Yemeni jets launched an aerial assault Thursday against suspected senior al Qaeda operatives meeting in a remote location , and about 30 militants were killed , according to the Yemen news agency SABA . Without mentioning a number , the Yemeni Embassy in Washington said in a news release , "  Preliminary reports suggest that the strike targeted scores of Yemeni and foreign al Qaeda operatives . " One of the militants may have been the radical Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , the embassy said . Al-Awlaki recently told the Arab-language Web site of Al-Jazeera that he had been in touch with the U.S. Army psychiatrist accused of fatally shooting 13 people at Fort Hood , Texas , on November 5 . In that interview , al-Awlaki said Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan communicated with him via e-mail starting about a year before he went on the shooting rampage . Hasan wanted al-Awlaki 's advice about killing U.S. troops , the cleric said . "  Nasser al-Wuhayshi , the regional al Qaeda leader , and his deputy , Saeed al-Shihri , alongside Anwar al-Awlaki , were presumed to be at the site  of Thursday 's attack  , " according to a news release from the Yemen Embassy in Washington . Also among those targeted was Mohammed Saleh Oumair , who spoke a few days ago at a rally in Abyan province in southern Yemen , the government said . The apparent purpose of the meeting was to plan a retaliation operation after Yemeni forces raided militant hideouts last week in Abyan and in Sanaa province , where the nation 's capital is located , the embassy said . Security forces killed 34 terrorists and arrested 17 in that raid , officials said . Al Qaeda in Yemen has been a growing concern for the country 's government and the United States . In late July , Gen. David Petraeus , commander of the U.S. Central Command , and an accompanying delegation met with Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh . One of the topics of discussion was how to better combat terrorism , according to SABA .	Strike occurred at a hideout where suspects were holding a meeting One of militants may have been alleged Fort Hood gunman-linked cleric Suspects reportedly planning retaliatory attacks for recent government raid Al Qaeda in Yemen a growing concern for the country 's government and U.S.
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A man accused of entering New York 's LaGuardia Airport with a bag containing wires and batteries , sparking suspicion and leading to a large-scale evacuation , was ordered Saturday to undergo a psychiatric evaluation , a prosecutor said . LaGuardia Airport 's Central Terminal is being treated as a crime scene . Scott McGann , 32 , appeared in court after authorities said he walked into LaGuardia 's Central Terminal Saturday morning with what was determined to be a fake bomb . The terminal was reopened after several hours . Queens District Attorney Richard A. Brown said McGann was charged with placing a false bomb or hazardous substance in the first degree ; placing a false bomb or hazardous substance in a transportation facility ; and making terrorist threats . McGann appeared in court Saturday , but his arraignment was postponed , Brown said . McGann is being held without bail . "  The defendant is clearly a very troubled young man , " Brown said . "  As a result , the Court has directed that he be examined to determine whether he has the capacity to understand the proceedings against him and assist in his defense . " Earlier , officials said McGann would n't speak to his lawyer or anyone else . His next court appearance is scheduled for Thursday . McGann allegedly arrived at a checkpoint in the terminal at about 4:50 a.m. , carrying a backpack and refusing to answer security questions . Authorities said the officer at the checkpoint was informed that a suspicious package was attached to the bottom of McGann 's backpack , and that McGann allegedly grabbed what appeared to be a trigger device with a red button connected to the backpack . McGann allegedly pressed the button several times before a Port Authority officer grabbed the trigger and the package away from him . The package turned out to be a device consisting of batteries , cylinders and electronic components that could have been used to make a bomb , Brown said , but the bomb squad found that it did n't not contain any explosives . McGann had a ticket on a United Airlines flight to Chicago and a seat on two other connecting flights with his final destination Oakland , California , according to a law enforcement official close to the investigation . Watch passengers talk about the confusion " McGann has three prior arrests in the New York area , the source told CNN . The most recent involved June charges of tampering with evidence and resisting arrest . He was also arrested twice in 2008 , the source said . Port Authority spokesman John Kelly said McGann "  was just acting crazy . " The arresting officers described McGann to Kelly as "  extremely disheveled and dirty , " in a "  near catatonic state " and "  staring off into space , " Kelly said . McGann had been homeless for at least a year . Authorities evacuated the terminal after 5:20 a.m. , and allowed passengers back in to all areas except Concourse C by midmorning , Kelly said . The concourse was reopened shortly before 11 a.m. , according to Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Holly Baker . Watch the chaotic evacuation scene " Authorities had stopped flights from taking off or landing at the airport , but by a little after 9 a.m. , flights resumed , Baker said . Central Terminal is one of four terminals in the airport , which is in the borough of Queens . It is about eight miles from Manhattan . The incident disrupted travel plans for many passengers , and caused American Airlines to cancel 16 flights , said an airline spokesperson . American Eagle , Continental Airlines and Southwest also reported delays . iReport : Watch crowds start moving back into the terminal CNN i-Reporter Jose Ojeda , 24 , had been sitting on the tarmac on a plane headed to Chicago , Illinois , when the evacuation was ordered . "  We were all ready to go , " Ojeda , of Bronx , New York , said of his flight , which he said had been scheduled to leave at 6:10 a.m. "  They did n't make any announcement other than , ` You need to evacuate , ' " he said . "  I thought it was standard procedure , but then once we got out of the plane , they kept pushing us back and back , out of the terminal out of the actual airport . " CNN 's Chuck Johnston , Aspen Steib , Ross Levitt , Laurie Segall and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Suspect must undergo psychiatric evaluation before court appearance Scott McGann , 32 , of New York , faces 3 charges , including making terrorist threats Man had bag stuffed with wires and batteries , appeared intoxicated , official says Flights resume at busy LaGuardia Airport after evacuation ends
CNN  -- In the end , it was all too familiar . Arsenal went out , Bayern went through -- same story , different season . For all the talk of Arsenal being able to emulate last season 's famous victory at the Allianz Arena , there was one thing sorely lacking . Goals . That it managed to secure a 1-1 draw will provide some comfort to manager Arsene Wenger , whose club has gone nine years without winning a trophy . A 3-1 aggregate defeat means Arsenal will now have to shift its focus to the Premier League and FA Cup while Bayern continues its quest to dominate this competition . Last year , Arsenal arrived in Munich trailing 3-1 after a first leg where it had been taught a footballing lesson by the German giant . On that occasion , written off by every football expert on the planet , it produced one of its finest performances of recent times to win 2-0 only to exit the competition on away goals . A year on , Arsenal once again walked into the cauldron facing a two-goal deficit against a Bayern team 20 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga and determined to become the first club to successfully defend the Champions League title . Wenger 's side , without several injured players including Theo Walcott and Aaron Ramsey as well as the suspended Wojciech Szczesny , was always going to find the going tough . After a rather turgid first half where neither side really managed to find its rhythm , the game exploded into life nine minutes after the interval . Bayern broke down the right and when Arsenal failed to cut out Franck Ribery 's cross , Bastian Schweinsteiger took advantage by firing home from close range . That should have seen Bayern out of sight , but Arsenal had other ideas . Lukas Podolski , once of Bayern , chased down Philipp Lahm and after the defender stumbled under pressure , the Arsenal forward took possession and rifled the ball past Manuel Neuer . That signaled a period of Arsenal pressure but while the visiting side found extra space going forward , it was unable to make the breakthrough . It was Bayern which should have won the tie in stoppage time when Arjen Robben went down in the penalty area under the challenge of Laurent Koscielny . Thomas Muller stood up to take the spot kick but his effort was parried by Lukasz Fabianski , who then beat the Bayern forward to the loose ball . Not that it mattered to Bayern though , which qualified for the last eight for the 13th time . "  On the day 2-0 was n't the best result in the first leg but we still had a chance to give it our all and to get a result , " Arsenal midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain told ITV . "  Bayern has weaknesses like any other team and when you score anyone can get nervous . When we did that we thought we had a chance but we just could n't do it . "  Maybe we lacked a bit of quality with the final ball . At the top level you need that . The boys put in a great shift but we can be proud of our efforts . " Arsenal 's misery was compounded by an injury to record signing Mesut Ozil , who was withdrawn at halftime with a hamstring problem . In the night 's other game , Atletico Madrid sealed its place in the quarterfinals for the first time in 17 years following a 5-1 aggregate victory over seven-time champion AC Milan . Leading 1-0 from the first leg , Atletico , second in in La Liga , took a third minute lead through the prolific Diego Costa on its way to a 4-1 win win . Milan equalized courtesy of former Real Madrid star Kaka but further goals from Arda Turan , Raul Garcia and Costa 's second sealed the win . "  We are grateful for the support of the fans , and the truth is that the team deserves congratulating for the way it has played , " Costa told Spanish television . "  We have done ourselves proud . All teams who reach the quarterfinals are very good . For now we 'll just enjoy . " Manager Diego Simeone was part of the last Atletico side which reached the quarterfinals of the Champions League in 1997 . Here , he watched on as his team cruised past a troubled Milan team which has struggled so badly in Serie A this season . Milan 's defeat means there will be no Italian club in the last eight of the competition for the first time since 2009 . Costa , who made his debut for Spain last week , was the hero at the San Siro in the first leg and once again it was he who tormented Milan . His spectacular opener set the home side on its way and even when Kaka leveled , Atletico refused to buckle . Turan netted a classy second before Garcia headed home Koke 's cross to give his side a two-goal cushion . Costa then wrapped up the win late on with his seventh goal in five Champions League games .	Bayern Munich through to last eight of the Champions League Bayern held to 1-1 draw by Arsenal but progresses 3-1 on aggregate Atletico Madrid seals place in quarterfinals following Milan victory Atletico won 4-1 on the night and 5-1 on aggregate
CNN  -- Federal investigators are urging collectors and museums in the United States to scrutinize their stock for stolen antiquities , particular those acquired from a New York dealer accused this week of stealing $ 20 million worth artifacts from India . The Manhattan District Attorney 's office issued an arrest warrant for Subhash Kapoor , the owner of Art of the Past Gallery , who was already under arrest in India , for allegedly possessing stolen artifacts , including several sandstone and bronze statues . The items are believed to have been looted from temples in the Tamil Nadu region of India , according to a Thursday statement from the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Federal investigators said Thursday that they searched Manhattan storage units allegedly leased by Kapoor and uncovered items "  displayed in major international museums worldwide " and others that matched pieces listed as stolen . "  The statues and sculptures recovered today are worth millions in the antiquities business , but they are priceless to the nations that they were robbed from , " said James T. Hayes Jr. , special agent in charge of Homeland Security Investigations in New York . Kapoor was arrested at Frankfort , Germany , and extradited to India on July 14 where he faces criminal charges . His attorney could not be immediately reached for comment . In February 2007 , the Indian consulate reached out to federal authorities over concerns about the smuggling Indian antiquities into New York , official say . India 's 1972 Antiquities and Art Treasures Act prohibits the removal of artifacts older than 100 years from the country . By late January , U.S. federal agents had seized dozens of antiquities worth millions of dollars believed to have been stolen from the region , including a five-foot-tall Buddha head and a "  life-sized stone figure weighing approximately 500 pounds , " ICE reported . The agency boasts that since 2007 , it has "  repatriated more than 2,500 items to more than 23 countries . "	Federal investigators are urging collectors and museums in the United States A New York dealer was accused this week of stealing $ 20 million worth artifacts from India The items are believed to have been looted from temples in the Tamil Nadu region of India
On a wet day in Turkey 's bustling capital , Ankara , healthcare workers busily go about their daily tasks . A temperature is taken here , a patient is wheeled into an operation room there while hospital doctors shuffle along their rounds . Turkey 's population is over 74 million and growing . Every citizen , whether young or old , will need medical care at some point in their lives . The need to upgrade and build new facilities to meet growing demand is hence very real -- a fact not lost on the country 's leaders . The Turkish government initiated a health transformation program in 2003 financed by both private and public funds . There are currently 36 medical facilities under development with the giant Bilkent Integrated Healthcare Campus in Ankara earmarked as the flagship project -- a site for science and knowledge . On completion , it will be one of the largest hospital complexes in the world , housing 1,300 doctors and double that number of nurses . Bilkent will also feature a hotel resort and conference area . Hopes are high that the facility will cater for a large number of medical tourists as well . "  This is the largest project of Turkey ever under the republic era , " said Mehmet Ali of Dia Developers , the development company charged with taking Bilkent from the drawing board into construction . "  It 's a historic moment for us . " So far , 86,000 iron rods and 900,000 tonnes of concrete have been used to build the 1.2 million square meter campus . Of the 35 million tourists who visited Turkey in 2013 , meanwhile , close to 200,000 came for surgical procedures from cancer treatments to hair transplants . Neslihan Aybar , the regional director for Aecom , an architecture and engineering firm that specializes in healthcare projects , says part of the Bilkent strategy is to tap into this market . "  We have seen plenty of patients coming from outside of Turkey especially to the healthcare facilities in Istanbul , " Aybar said . Challenges remain in ensuring these well laid plans come to fruition , however . Medical students at the nearby Ankara University will be key to the success of the transformation program . But graduate numbers still lag below the amount of staff needed . According to Turkish health minister , Mehmet Muezzinoglu , the powers that be have a plan in place to address this issue . "  At the moment we do n't have a high number of health professionals working in Turkey , " Muezzinoglu admits . "  But  we plan to recruit highly qualified health professionals , including doctors and nurses trained in the west , especially Greece and wider Europe . " The government is pushing to implement its healthcare reforms by 2018 . By then the Bilkent is expected to be serving 25,000 patients each day . It 's an ambitious timetable given the staffing and training obstacles that must be overcome . "  We firmly believe that we will succeed ... based on our professional experience , based on our potential and the physical infrastructure we have been establishing , " Muezzinoglu said . "  By the end of 2017 we are planning to complete it by 70 % and by 2018 it 's going to be accomplished 100 % . "	Turkey investing in far-reaching healthcare facilities Bilkent Integrated Healthcare Campus in Ankara will be one of the largest hospitals in the world More than 1,300 doctors and double that number of nurses will work at Bilkent
CNN  -- Veteran director Barry Levinson has been tapped to direct a "  political thriller " based on the 1995 bombing of a federal courthouse in Oklahoma City . Sources with knowledge of the project say the tentative title of the film is "  O.K.C. " The script is being written by Clay Wold and is based on the story of his brother , who was a young legal clerk on the defense team for Timothy McVeigh . Among Levinson 's directing credits are "  Good Morning , Vietnam , " "  The Young Sherlock Holmes " and "  The Natural . " Oklahoma City was the site of the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil before September 11 , 2001 . The 1995 bombing of the state capital 's federal building left 168 dead . McVeigh , a white supremacist anti-government activist and former U.S. soldier , was executed for the attack in 2001 . CNN 's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report	Oklahoma City is the site of the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil before September 11 , 2001 The 1995 bombing of the state capital 's federal building left 168 dead The tentative title of the film is "  O.K.C. , " sources with knowledge of the project say
SHANGHAI , China  CNN  -- When Huang Long Hao stepped on stage carrying a kitchen sink to battle against a team of hundreds of Chinese consumers on a recent Saturday afternoon , he knew that he and the sink were most likely going to lose . Shop therapy : Organizing themselves online , Chinese shoppers hunt for bargains in packs Hao , a sales manager for Gacor , a Chinese kitchenware manufacturer , hoped to sell the sink for 799 yuan  about $ 120  , but the team would n't have it . "  No , we do n't want it ! " they yelled back at him . "  We 're all losing interest , " joined in the group 's negotiator . "  We want the lowest price we can get ! " Sensing his impending defeat , Huang tried a few more times , offering lower and lower prices until the group haggled him down to a final score of 600 yuan  about $ 85  . Team members raised their hands and cheered . "  Dou yao mai !  All of us want it !  , " they chanted as they all got up to place orders for new kitchen sinks . Welcome to China 's hottest sport for shoppers : tuangou , or team buying . The game goes like this : Individuals band together via online BBS  bulletin board systems  , chat rooms and other Web forums around products they are interested in purchasing , from fast food to cars or furniture . Once a team amasses enough members , their appointed captain approaches retailers to organize in-store haggling sessions . "  The final price was beyond my expectations , " said Ellen Liu who recently bought a purple Toyota Yaris after her team called "  Shanghai Yaris " negotiated a 30,000 yuan  $ 4,400  discount with a local dealer for each of its 40 members wanting to purchase the car . "  We were very surprised . " Since bartering teams started to emerge around five years ago , they have increasingly become a defining characteristic both of online and offline consumerism in China , reshaping the way retailers reach out to customers on the Internet as well as how they interact with them in stores . A number of companies , like the electronics chain Gome , have started to deal directly with the groups , while dozens of professional tuangou Web sites have also emerged . Retailers say they often feel they have no choice but to join the bartering or lose business . Some retailers wait months just for an invitation to take part in an event . "  These events help connect us to consumers , " Huang told CNN . "  I know I ca n't make money here , but I am meeting a lot of potential clients . " Huang also says his company monitors Qeeka.com on a daily basis , studying the site 's forums for feedback about their products , sometimes even engaging directly with consumers . "  This is crucial to our company 's success , " said Huang . "  We do n't want to be left behind by this trend . " The tuangou Web sites negotiate prices on behalf of shoppers while guaranteeing quality products and customer service . They also offer companies valuable market research based upon the conversations consumers are having about products on their online forums . "  We are one of the most influential web sites here in China , " said Deng Huajin , founder of Qeeka.com , a group purchase site that has over 500 employees working in 22 branches across the country along with around one million registered users . "  All of the home furnishing retailers are setting their eyes on e-commerce , and we are the prominent Web site here , so they want more and more of their business to be done through us . " Part of tuangou 's rise in China stems from the still-developing shopping landscape across the country . Quality products can often be hard to come by while pricing systems lack transparency . Chinese consumers are more likely to be influenced by the opinions and experiences of friends rather than advertising . The Internet has also served as a valuable a tool for shoppers to compare prices to ensure the best deal . Hunting in packs Bargaining is much more than a team sport in China -- it 's also a way of life that has been ingrained in the psyche of Chinese society for centuries . "  It is deeply rooted in our culture , " said Luna Wu , who bought a set of suitcases for 30 percent off the sticker price . "  We have the impulse to bargain everywhere . " Social networking has also been vital to the phenomenon 's success . According to 2008 figures from the China Internet Network Information Center  CNNIC  , nearly 100 million Chinese netizens regularly visit online bulletin boards to share opinions , ask for help or socialize with friends . "  These Internet based communities are the soul of Chinese social media , " said Sam Flemming of CIC , a Shanghai-based research and consulting firm that tracks Chinese bulletin boards and blogs for multinational companies . "  The Chinese Internet is more developed from a social perspective than in the West . There are more people who are participating in these kinds of conversations , and they are more active . "  You have that foundation where people are already communicating with each other and sharing information and eventually that impacts commerce . " Several companies have tried to start group buying sites in America and Europe , yet most of them have failed due to a sheer lack of interest from consumers . "  I had read about it in China and thought maybe it would work over here , but it did n't work out too well , " said Eliot Sykes , founder of UK-based StoreMob.com , which is now inactive . "  I am not sure people 's attitudes over here are right for it . " However , with the exploding popularity of social networking and the backdrop of the financial downturn , some companies are starting to test whether Western consumers are ready to team up and bargain like the Chinese . One work in progress is a Facebook application called Twangu , which allows buyers to build teams across friend networks for products they want to purchase . The company then recruits retailers to bid against each other to offer the groups the lowest price . "  It is an uphill battle , I will be very frank , " said John O'Brien , co-founder of Twangu , which now has around 1,000 users . "  Changing consumer behavior is difficult , getting them to understand and trust this site is one thing . The other thing is getting vendors to understand what this means for their business as well , " said O'Brien . Dell is also trying to harness the potential for commerce via social media with an initiative called Dell Swarm . The concept , which the company started piloting in Singapore in May , encourages customers to buy computers in groups in order to save money . "  With social networking , the innovation is taking place right in front of us , " Walt Mayo , vice president and general manager of consumer sales and marketing for Dell Asia Pacific and Japan , told CNN . "  It is going to be part of how people engage with companies , learn about products , shop for products and ultimately buy products . How exactly it evolves , we do n't know . What we do know is we do n't want to sit on the sidelines . We want to engage and start to figure out how this makes sense for us and for our customers . "	Chinese shopping use Internet to organize shopping trips for bargains Use online social networking to form groups and arrange mass purchases Retailers find them effective way to market goods where word of mouth important Online group buying has been harder to bring to Western market
CNN  -- An 11-year-old boy has been detained by Bahraini authorities for nearly a month for allegedly participating in an "  illegal gathering " and for burning tires , an arrest that human rights groups say comes amid the country 's continued crackdown on anti-government protesters . Rights groups on Saturday demanded the release of the boy , Ali Hasan , following news that Bahrain 's Juvenile Court ordered the youth moved from a jail to a juvenile detention facility . Hasan was arrested on May 14 by Bahraini authorities for allegedly participating in an "  illegal gathering " with about a dozen others , according to the Bahrain International Affairs Authority , the kingdom 's information office . Specifically , the boy was involved with burning tires at a roadblock , the office said . "  The juvenile is receiving social care and tutoring at the center . He completed his last exam of the sixth grade level on Thursday , " the information office said in a statement , which identified the boy as being 12 years old . But an attorney for Hasan 's family disputes the government account , saying the boy was playing with two other children in the street when he was stopped by police . The attorney , Shahzalan Khamees , said that police stopped Hasan and two other boys , who managed to run away . Khamees said Hasan claims the police threatened to shoot him with a pellet gun if he ran . The boy , according to Khamees , was then detained for questioning . A second defense attorney , Mohsin Al-Alawi , said he recently visited Hasan and that the boy told him that he did n't take part in an "  illegal gathering . " The boy sobbed , said he is tired and wants to go home , Al-Alawi said . The Bahrain Rehabilitation and Anti-Violence Organization , an Ireland-based rights group , demanded Hasan 's immediate release . There are a "  growing number of children detained for investigation in security cases , " the group said in a statement . Meanwhile , the Bahrain Center for Human Rights expressed concern about the government 's targeting of children under the age of 15 in its crackdown . The rights group said Hasan , who they claim is 11 , was the youngest detainee in Bahrain 's prison system . The government did not immediately respond to the allegation . Bahrain has been heavily criticized by rights groups for its crackdown on anti-government protests that began February 14 , 2011 , in the country -- spurred by popular uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt . But the protests failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings following a crackdown in February and then again in mid-March by Bahraini authorities -- backed by troops from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . Demonstrators and Bahraini authorities have continued to clash , with the opposition accusing the government of being heavy handed in its crackdown on protests . In November , Bahrain 's Independent Commission of Inquiry issued a report highly critical of the crackdown . The commission , set up by the king , concluded that police had used excessive force and torture during last year 's crackdown on protests . The report recommended reforms to the country 's law and better training of its security forces . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : He was detained for allegedly participating in an "  illegal gathering " and for burning tires Ali Hassan is only 11 years old , according to two human rights groups An attorney for the family disputes the police account Rights groups denounce targeting of youths under 15 , demand Ali 's release
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The lawyer for a 30-year-old Palestinian married father of two who has admitted in a plea bargain to rape by deception said Wednesday he will appeal his client 's sentence , which was handed up Monday . "  Eighteen months in prison is too much , " said Adnan Aladdin . He is representing Saber Kashour , a Palestinian living in east Jerusalem who admitted pretending to be a single Jewish man before having sex with an Israeli woman . Kashour already has been detained for two months , followed by about two years of house arrest , his lawyer said . "  According to the bargain , he should be punished , but we expect him to receive community service on appeal in about 30 days ' time , " Aladdin added . Kashour told CNN the relations with the woman , who has not been identified publicly , were consensual . "  The girl is the one who started flirting with me and talking to me , and she is the one who wanted the thing from beginning to end , " he said . "  I met her on a West Jerusalem street , she approached me and started flirting with me . Within 15 minutes , she wanted to be with me , and we were together . " Aladdin described his client 's liaison in more detail : "  There was a short foreplay a few minutes before ; during the foreplay , the guy tells a few lies , the lady tells a few lies . They both have one goal , and that is to go to bed together . After the sexual intercourse , which was totally consensual , the lady decides to claim that the guy raped her brutally . She comes to court and testifies that this was a case of rape in which there was the use of force . "  At this stage , the defense decides to make an independent investigation . The investigation came up with new facts upon which the D.A. -LSB- district attorney -RSB- decides to give up the claim the sex was not consensual . So both sides agreed that the sexual intercourse was consensual . However , the D.A. still wanted to charge him with rape by deception . "  So this is the best the defense could do in this case . We are appealing the very long sentence . " Kashour , who acknowledged having told the woman he was single , said he is known as "  Dudu , " a nickname for the Jewish name "  David , " but also his own nickname . "  Apparently , later she discovered that I was an Arab and complained to the police , " he said . "  I did not say anything or commit anything wrong , " he insisted , adding that he did not understand how his misrepresentations could result in a rape charge . "  If I told the woman I was a pilot and later she finds out that I was not a pilot , then she goes and says that ` He raped me ' ? If I told her that I was a millionaire and it turns out that I am a poor man , then she goes and says that ` He raped me ' ? " "  It is terrible , but the law says very clearly that if someone has sexual intercourse using deception about his identity to conduct the act , it can be considered rape , " said Leah Samael , a lawyer specializing in civil rights and human rights cases . But , if the circumstances had been different -- if a religious Jew had said he was not religious in order to woo a potential suitor -- "  he would not be brought to court , " she said . "  And I am not sure that , on this occasion , it is a reason to charge . To have intercourse in daytime in a deserted building in the center of town -- I say the circumstances speak for themselves . " She added , "  The thing that interests me in the case is the need , the necessity , of Arabs in Israel to pretend . To speak without an accent so as not to be seen as Arabs . To dress not to look like Arabs . " She predicted Kashour would prevail . "  I do n't know if he will be acquitted , but he has served his punishment , " she said . Criminal law rarely applies to minor lies , like dyed hair or a changed name , " said Dana Pugach of the Noga Legal Center for Victims of Crime . "  But it would apply to the more meaningful lies , " she said . "  For example , where a doctor persuades a woman to have sex claiming it would be a part of the medical treatment . As for this particular case , it is not the fact that he was an Arab and claimed to be Jewish . The court emphasized the fact that he claimed to be single while he was married , which would be relevant in the context of a romantic relationship . " Kashour expressed regret , but not for the alleged victim . "  I would only be upset and regret this because I have put my wife through pain and upset her , but I did not -LSB- do -RSB- anything wrong with the girl . " His is the second conviction on the charge of rape by deception . In 2008 , the Israeli High Court of Justice convicted Zvi Sliman for impersonating an official in the Housing Ministry and promising women help and benefits to persuade them to have sex with him . Sliman was sentenced to 10 years in prison . Azriel Guy , Kareem Khadder and Paul Colsey contributed to this report from Jerusalem .	Saber Kashour pretended to be single and Jewish before having sex with an Israeli woman "  Eighteen months in prison is too much " for consensual sex , the convicted man 's lawyer says Kashour says he 's known as "  Dudu , " a nickname for the Jewish name "  David " Kashour 's claim that he was single "  would be relevant " to case , legal center official says
CNN  -- A man sought in the slayings of a woman and her four young children in Oklahoma was arrested Tuesday night after a car chase in Texas , authorities said . Joshua Steven Durcho was arrested Tuesday after a car chase with police . Joshua Steven Durcho was arrested in Waco , Texas , after a Texas Department of Public Safety trooper tried to stop the car Durcho was driving because the trooper suspected a drunk driver , according to Erin Mangrum of the Canadian County , Oklahoma , sheriff 's office . The trooper checked the vehicle tag on the car and it matched the tag being sought by Oklahoma police , Mangrum said . Mangrum said Durcho 's car sped off , but he later wrecked the vehicle , and Durcho was taken into custody . Durcho suffered minor injuries in the accident , Mangrum said . Officers found the bodies of Summer Rust , 25 , and her children Monday in their apartment in El Reno , about 30 miles west of Oklahoma City . Rust 's daughter Evynn was 3 , son Teagin was 4 , and daughters Autumn and Kirsten were both 7 . Durcho is believed to have taken the slain woman 's car , the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation said . CNN affilate KOCO reported that Durcho had been spotted Monday night in Clinton , Oklahoma . His image was captured by surveillance cameras , the affiliate said , quoting police . Authorities would not reveal how Rust and her children were killed , pending the outcome of autopsies . Rust 's mother , Susan Rust of Carson City , Nevada , said her daughter had been shot , but she did not know how her grandchildren had been killed . Watch authorities name Durcho as the suspect " Susan Rust said her daughter was loving and outgoing but tended to get involved with the wrong men . Durcho was unemployed and had been living with Summer Rust and her children , the mother said . Police were asked to check up on the family because Rust and Durcho had had a fight , she said . Summer Rust attended Redlands Community College in El Reno , where she majored in legal assistant training , according to school officials . Rust 's mother said she was retraining after losing her job in casino security several months ago . "  Summer was very bright , very outgoing , had a positive attitude and was very determined to complete her education , " Julie Lamb of the college told CNN Radio . Lamb heads a student support program on campus . The school brought in grief counselors Tuesday to help students affected by the killings . Domestic violence groups also reached out to the students . A friend posting online described Summer Rust as "  fun-loving " and "  a little crazy kind of person " who was also very smart . "  Her children were beautiful , funny and always cheerful and sometimes a little wild . They were a great bunch of kids and they loved each other very much . They were proud of their mom for going back to school , " the friend said . "  She was going to make a better life for her family . I ca n't believe something like this could happen to her and the kids . ... I will miss her silliness and her smile . I will miss them all . "	NEW : Joshua Steven Durcho arrested after police chase in Texas Durcho suspected in deaths of woman , four kids in El Reno , Oklahoma Friends and relatives describe victim Summer Rust as bright , outgoing
CNN  -- American sprinter Tyson Gay handed world and Olympic champion Usain Bolt his first 100 meters defeat in two years in Sweden on Friday night . Gay , the 2007 world champion , beat the all-conquering Jamaican for the first time as he triumphed at the Diamond League meeting in Stockholm . The 27-year-old came home in a time of 9.84 seconds despite the race being marred by two false starts , while Bolt was second in 9.97 . Record-holder Bolt , who won three gold medals at both the 2009 world championships and 2008 Olympics , was last defeated by compatriot Asafa Powell -- also in the Swedish capital . Powell pulled out of this event due to injury worries , meaning the world 's top three sprinters have yet to run together this year . "  You can get beaten , you have good days and bad days -- it was just one of those days for me , " Bolt told British race broadcaster the BBC . "  I need to work on my shape . I got a good start but there was no power there . "  I was ready , I was focused but those two stand-ups kind of threw me off . But I ca n't blame it on that . Tyson was much better than me , in much better shape than me . " Gay was delighted despite not beating the best time this year , 9.82 , set by both Bolt and Powell . "  It feels good . Deep down inside , I felt he was n't 100 percent . I 'm still waiting for the day when we are both 100 % and Asafa is also on the line , " Gay said . "  I think -LSB- Bolt -RSB- knows what his limitations are . I know he has more left in the tank . " Trinidad 's Richard Thompson was fourth in 10.10 , while American Trell Kimmons was fifth in 10.11 ahead of Jamaica 's Mario Forsythe  10.20  . U.S. runners filled out the rest of the field , with Mike Rodgers clocking 10.21 , Travis Padgett 10.22 and Monzavous Edwards 10.29 . It was a good night for the United States , with Bershawn Jackson winning the men 's 400m hurdles in a meeting-record time of 47.65 seconds and Allyson Felix victorious in the women 's 200m . In the men 's 800m , Poland 's Marcin Lewandowski beat Britain 's Michael Rimmer in a repeat of the European Championships final last weekend . Kenya 's Mark Kosgey Kiptoo won the men 's 5,000 m ahead of fellow Africans Dejen Gebremeskel and Imane Merga , both of Ethiopia . European champion Tatyana Firova won the women 's 400m race and her fellow Russian Darya Klishina triumphed in the long jump . Other gold medallists from Barcelona also prospered , with Croatia 's Blanka Vlasic repeating her high jump victory and Russia 's Svetlana Feofanova winning the women 's pole vault . Olympic and European men 's javelin champion Andreas Thorkildsen suffered a surprise defeat to Finland 's Tero Pitkamaki . France 's Teddy Tamgho won the men 's triple jump in the absence of world and European champion Phillips Idowu of Britain . The Diamond League is a 14-event series spanning Europe , China , the Middle East and the U.S. featuring the world 's top athletes . There are three more meetings left this month in London , Zurich and Brussels .	The world 's fastest man Usain Bolt suffers shock defeat to Tyson Gay American wins 100 meters event in Stockholm in 9.84 seconds , with Bolt second Jamaican suffers his first loss in two years , the last coming in same Swedish city Gay finishes 0.02 seconds outside the leading time over the distance this year
L'AQUILA , Italy  CNN  -- Rescuers worked into the early morning hours Tuesday in hopes of finding survivors of a powerful earthquake that ripped through Italy 's mountainous Abruzzo region , killing scores of people and leaving tens of thousands homeless . People cue in line to receive aid in L'Aqulia following Monday 's earthquake . Tearful survivors , many of them clad in pajamas and blankets , watched as bodies were pulled from the rubble in the medieval city of L'Aquila , about 120 km  75 miles  northeast of Rome . The quake killed more than 150 people , L'Aquila 's fire department said late Monday . Nearly 24 hours after the quake hit , authorities were still unsure how many people remained trapped in the wreckage . "  We think maybe 70 to 100 , " said Francesco Rocca , a spokesman for the Italian Red Cross . "  We still do n't know the exact number . This is why we are still working very , very hard at the moment . " Another body was found in the rubble of a student dormitory early Tuesday morning , and at least five other students were believed inside . But aftershocks hindered rescuers early Tuesday , and they have asked for additional equipment and expertise from Rome , authorities at the scene told CNN . Italy 's Civil Protection agency reported at least 1,500 injured and 50,000 without shelter . "  I can say there 's hardly a building which was left without some sign of what has happened in the historical center of L'Aquila , " Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said during a visit to the stricken region . "  All the public buildings have been affected . " Berlusconi said 4,000 people were working on the rescue effort . Civil defense officials said they are prepared to house up to 30,000 people , but many of those displaced have gone to hotels . Of the 150 dead , about 100 bodies have been identified , the officials said . Monday 's earthquake was about 10 kilometers  6.2 miles  deep , the USGS said . About 10:20 p.m.  8:20 p.m. GMT  Sunday , a 4.6-magnitude earthquake hit northern Italy , about 55 km  35 miles  southeast of Bologna , the agency said . That earthquake 's depth was 6.4 km  4 miles  . The quake is the deadliest to strike Italy in decades , and the first major temblor to strike the country in almost seven years . Joshua Brothers , an American missionary , told CNN that the quake "  sounded as if a 747  jet  was actually coming in to land . " "  That was the first thing that was on my mind , " he said . The quake left stone buildings in heaps , with rubble spilling over parked cars and into alleyways . Frightened residents rushed into the streets , many of them bringing luggage with them , Brothers said . See images of the destruction " "  If you look along the way , there are many palazzi that are cracked , walls have fallen in on some of them , " he said . Watch Brothers describe devastation " L'Aquila 's hospital was damaged as well , forcing doctors to evacuate the most seriously hurt . Agostino Miozzo , the director-general of Italy 's Civil Protection agency , called it "  a disaster on a huge scale . " iReport.com : ` The house shook for such a long time ' The magnitude 6.3 earthquake struck at 3:32 a.m.  1:32 p.m. GMT Sunday  , Italy 's . Berlusconi declared a state of emergency and canceled a trip to Russia to oversee the rescue efforts . Three significant aftershocks -- ranging from magnitude 4.3 to 4.8 -- shook the area within six hours of the quake , unnerving residents further . See a map showing the epicenter " The earthquake followed less than six hours after another quake hit the northern part of the country , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . Seismic activity is not uncommon in Italy , which is sandwiched between the European and African tectonic plates , and USGS geophysicist Amy Vaughan called the region geographically "  complex . " Learn more about how earthquakes are measured " In 1997 , an earthquake killed 10 people in the Umbria region , left tens of thousands homeless and seriously damaged monuments and artwork , including the town of Assisi 's famed Basilica of St. Francis . About 17 years before the Umbria quake , a 6.5-magnitude temblor in southern Italy killed 3,000 people , according to the USGS . Pope Benedict XVI was praying for the "  victims , especially the children , " killed in Monday 's quake , the Vatican said , according to Italian news agency ANSA CNN 's Paula Newton , Hada Messia and Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	About 50,000 people without shelter , Italy 's Civil Protection agency says Italian prime minister : Tents being provided for quake survivors People rush into streets , many buildings in L'Aquila destroyed 6.3-magnitude quake strikes northeast of Rome
CNN  -- Bahrain has ordered the expulsion of a U.S. diplomat for meddling in the country 's internal matters , the kingdom 's foreign affairs ministry said . Tom Malinowski , U.S. assistant secretary of state for democracy , human rights and labor , is "  unwelcome and should immediately leave the country " due to his "  interference in its internal affairs , " the ministry said . "  These activities have included holding meetings with one party , leaving out others who represent different parts of society , which is indicative of an approach which discriminates amongst the people of this one nation , " the ministry said . The U.S. State Department said it is deeply concerned with Bahrain 's demand , saying Malinowski 's visit was coordinated far in advance and warmly welcomed by Bahrain , "  which is well-aware that U.S. government officials routinely meet with all officially-recognized political societies . " "  Contrary to our longstanding bilateral relationship and in violation of international diplomatic protocol , the government insisted ... to have a Foreign Ministry representative present at all of Assistant Secretary Malinowski 's private meetings with individuals and groups representing a broad spectrum of Bahraini society , including those held at the U.S. embassy , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . For its part , Bahrain said it reaffirms its "  strong and solid relations with the United States of America , and underlines that the progress and development of these ties should not be affected by such unfortunate acts . " Bahrain has made headlines over the past three years after pro-democracy protests sparked a government crackdown . In 2011 , at the height of the Arab Spring , Bahraini citizens demanded democratic reforms and other changes in the way the country was run . Anger from the majority Shiite population was directed at the ruling Sunni minority In February , the king has ratified a new law that imposes a prison sentence of up to seven years and fine of up to $ 26,500 for anyone who publicly insults him , state-run media said . The measures stipulate a minimum sentence of one year in jail and $ 2,600 fine for "  any person who offends in public the Monarch of the Kingdom of Bahrain , the flag or the national emblem , " according to Bahrain News Agency . "  Aggravating circumstances will be applied if the offense occurred in the presence of the King , " it said . Germany calls in U.S. ambassador over new spying allegation India summons U.S. diplomat over report of NSA spying	Tom Malinowski is accused of interference in Bahrain 's internal affairs U.S. State Department : Bahrain insisted on having an official at his private meetings Bahrain made headlines after pro-democracy protests sparked a government crackdown
CNN  -- Manchester City have confirmed that absent Brazilian striker Robinho will be back in time for the Premier League side 's return to training next week . Robinho had a reputation for partying prior to his British-record transfer to Manchester City last August . City manager Mark Hughes told the club 's official Web site that Robinho , who cost mega-rich City a British record fee of # 32.5 million  $ 45m  when he signed from Real Madrid in August , will be spoken to after not joining the rest of the squad in a Tenerife training camp this week -- choosing instead to fly to Brazil to attend to a family matter . Hughes told mcfc.co.uk : "  Robbie left without permission , he felt that he had personal things that he needed to attend to . "  He made the decision to leave the camp , and go back to Brazil . That was not with my permission , and the situation at the moment is not really practical to get him back here with time differences and length of flights , so he will be back at the weekend ready to train when we are back in Manchester at the first available opportunity . "  Once he is back , I will sit down with him and explain my feelings , and decisions will be made after that . He has rung me , and he understands that we need to address this -- and we will . Then we will move on . Robinho 's decision to fly to Brazil came on the same day that City announced they were pulling out of a world record transfer move for AC Milan star Kaka , a Brazilian team-mate of Robinho . However . Hughes has insisted that that two matters are completely unrelated . Robinho is no stranger to controversy and had a reputation as a party-goer prior to his move to Manchester last year . He was dropped by his former Madrid coach , and now England national coach , Fabio Capello , who questioned his attitude and Robinho 's eventual departure from the Spanish club was acrimonious . In fact , in October 2007 , Robinho failed to return to Madrid after appearing for Brazil in an international match , claiming he had missed his flight . Local newspapers later revealed that he had been seen partying in a popular Rio de Janeiro nightclub and he was subsequently fined and dropped by the club .	Robinho will return to Manchester City in time for return to training next week City manager Mark Hughes reveals Robinho flew to Brazil without permission However , Hughes says their failure to sign Kaka was not linked to his decision
CNN  -- A new book on the history of Straits Chinese culture reveals page after page of dazzling , intricate jewelry combining Malay , Chinese , Indian and European designs . These pieces bring together rich materials of far-flung origins : Swiss gold thread and German organza are spun into patterns of Chinese phoenixes and peonies , while European coronets are studded with jade . Lillian Tong , director of the Pinang Peranakan Mansion in George Town , Malaysia , has curated the best of the museum 's collection in her book , Straits Chinese Gold Jewelry . Blending of cultures By the late 19th century , wealthy families of mixed Chinese-Malay descent  known as the Straits Chinese or Peranakans  created a society that incorporated elements of both Asian and European cultures , reflecting their history under the Malay sultanate and Portuguese , Dutch and British rule . In the ports of Penang and Malacca , they built Victorian-style houses according to the principles of feng shui and amused themselves by playing polo , collecting European antiques , and commissioning jewelry . As Tong explains , jewelry was the "  crowning representation of Straits Chinese identity " , serving as a marker of status as well as the increasingly specialized tastes of these merchant families . Subtlety of craft was prized as much as the display of gems and gold . The Straits Chinese wedding was a showcase of this sophisticated material culture , in which a bride might wear over a hundred gold hairpins , each a fine piece of filigree with rose-cut stones . The result was an unprecedented era of creativity in the region , not only in accessories but in architecture , fashion and graphics . This great age of design reached its height between 1900 and 1940 , as artisans worked to fuse the luxuries of imperial China with high European style . Fabulous gems The jewelry itself is a profusion of busy patterns and extraordinarily detailed workmanship . Even a heavy three-piece brooch in 22-carat gold and diamonds is so meticulously crafted that it manages to seem delicate . A tiny hairpin of pearls and silver is reserved for periods of mourning , to be gradually replaced by ornaments of sapphires and jade . For festive jewelry , Burmese rubies and gold are worked into maximalist designs of flora and fauna . The collection reveals the interests and fantasies of a multicultural , multilingual society . Chinese and European motifs are often combined into one piece , as Dutch tulips appear alongside Buddhist bats and deer , while Victorian silver mesh purses feature auspicious Chinese symbols . Asian blossoms are gathered into English-style garlands and bouquets , and entwined with Malay birds . The mythological and real animals of different countries are seen grazing together . This range of ethnic references might seem wildly eclectic today , but for the Straits Chinese community , it was possible to reconcile Europhilia with an appreciation for traditional crafts . According to Dr Alan Chong , director of Singapore 's Peranakan Museum , signature ornaments such as the kerosang  heart-shaped brooch  are derived from European jewels of the 18th and 19th centuries . The Straits Chinese were familiar with the concept of taking the best from each culture : borrowing objects from European and Chinese practice , and giving them local variations and stylistic twists . It is astonishing to look back on this era of playful diversity , when a hybrid mix of influences was the norm . These pieces are not only exquisite but inspiring , pointing towards a time when designers felt free to experiment , pulling ideas from every culture and blending them together . A $ 33 million Faberge golden egg resurfaces Spectacular designs shine at Asia 's largest gem show The 20th century 's most stunning jewels ... with a price tag to prove it	A new book explores the history of the Straits Chinese culture and their extraordinary jewelry They were wealthy Chinese-Malayans who created a society which fused Asian and European influences The result was a boom in the region 's artistic creativity
David Michael Perez was "  terrified of parenting " and swore it off for the first 30 years of his life . It was too much of a sacrifice : Fatherhood is expensive , for starters , and he thought he just was n't cut out for it . "  I was afraid to do something that would make me so vulnerable . Of course the things that cause us to feel vulnerable  and hence scared  are the things that bring us the greatest joy and connection , " Perez , 33 , wrote in an e-mail . Then he met a girl . And now they have an 11-month-old boy . He was excited to discuss this "  amazing transformation , " but had a hard time finding equally excited fathers to commiserate with . So he created a space for sharing . He co-founded Kindling , a literary journal that is an "  exploration in fatherhood . " Perez is not the only one looking to be a more involved dad . In the last 50 years , fathers have taken on more child care and housework , though women still do the majority , according to a Pew Research study released in March . In 1965 , dads spent an average of 2 1/2 hours per week on child care versus mothers ' 10 hours per week . By 2011 , fathers were spending seven hours a week caring for kids , while mothers spent 14 . Dads are n't who they used to be . Perez describes his own father as "  an incredibly selfless , loving father " who allowed him room to be himself and let him know he was unconditionally loved , though his dad was not the touchy-feely type . "  Like most men of his generation , he definitely worked a lot and I know he wishes that had not been the case , " he wrote . "  Being from a Catholic , Mexican family , he was definitely emotionally reserved . I strive to be more emotionally engaged not only with my son but also with myself . " So , if today 's dad is no longer the all-business provider who is less emotionally engaged than Mom , and he 's not the bumbling , disconnected dad of the past 30 years in popular culture  read : Homer Simpson  , then who is he ? And do we appreciate him for his sacrifices as much as we do mothers ? Let 's hear it for dear old Dad Sonora Smart Dodd was listening to a Mother 's Day sermon at church when she came up with the idea to designate a day to celebrate fathers . Her dad , William Jackson Smart , was a Civil War veteran and a widower who raised her and her five brothers after her mother died . She took her notion to local churches and the YMCA , and in June 1910 the first Father 's Day was celebrated in Spokane , Washington . But Father 's Day did n't catch on as quickly as Mother 's Day . The holiday did not become official until 1966 when President Lyndon Johnson issued a proclamation for dad 's day . By the time President Nixon signed it into law in 1972 , Mother 's Day had been a national holiday for 58 years . The foot-dragging is understandable : Most mothers share a nine-month-long physical bond with their biological children ; they are typically the emotional touch stone of the family as well as the workhorse of the home , as the March Pew study made clear . Reverence for Mother as the parental nucleus is reflected in how we celebrate Mother 's Day and Father 's Day . Average spending last year on Mother 's Day gifts was $ 168.94 , versus $ 119.84 for dads , according to the National Retail Federation . This year , spending for father 's day is up 2.1 % from the previous year , and projected to reach $ 13.2 billion . For Mother 's Day , that figure is $ 17.1 billion , up .2 % , according to research firm IBISWorld . Paid leave lets dads build parenting foundation Dads want it all , too While fathers are contributing more labor at home these days , more women are becoming the chief or sole financial provider of the household in a recovering economy . In a first , mothers currently are the only or primary financial provider in 40 % of homes with children under 18 . "  Women have always had legitimacy in the home , and the women 's movement has given women legitimacy in the workplace , " said Professor Brad Harrington of Boston College . "  Men have always had legitimacy in the workplace . But have they had a similar credibility in the home ? No . " In the midst of the debate about work-life balance , leaning in and having it all , it is not just women who are examining how their roles have evolved . Experts say more value has been placed on mothers , sometimes to the detriment of the critical role fathers play . But men want it all , too , and are recognizing that a better balance means engaging more as a father . "  If we 're going to be serious about fatherhood , we need to talk about how they are equally important to the well-being of their child , " said Kenneth Braswell , executive director of Fathers Inc. , a nonprofit that encourages "  responsible fatherhood " and mentoring . "  Responsible fatherhood does n't mean anti-motherhood . We are trying to ensure that fathers are nurturing , protective , providers who are a compliment to the child 's mother . " Tough choices Brad Harrington remembered a three-year assignment in London as one of the highlights of his 20-year career with computer company Hewlett Packard . But In 1993 , he surprised himself when he turned down an opportunity to return to Europe for a prestigious job offer after his father was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease . In 1999 , he was married with two children and a baby on the way when another opportunity arose for a stint abroad . This time , family considerations took priority again , and he stayed in America . That was when he realized the outsize impact of family on career choices . At that point , he transitioned out of organizational leadership and moved into academia . The change offered fewer financial rewards , but it provided the chance to do interesting work while living a more balanced life . Now , as executive director for the Center for Work and Family at Boston College , he wants to be a catalyst for discussing how men can make progress on the home front , the way women have in the workplace . "  Young men are saying I want to be an economic provider but also provide for the emotional needs of my children , " he said . He saw the shift in perspective in his 2011 study , The New Dad : Caring , committed and conflicted , which surveyed mainly upper-middle-class white fathers from Fortune 500 companies . In one measurement asking about the traits of good fathers , respondents placed a higher value on "  nontraditional " aspects of fatherhood , including emotional support , being present and teaching rather than discipline , financial security and child care tasks . Harrington noticed a difference in the evolution of fathers at home and mothers at work . While women were gaining strides in being capable in both work and home life , men , he says , have not done as good a job to gain a foothold in the home . Opinion : Fathers , stop coddling your kids Staying engaged in fatherhood Braswell , of Fathers Inc. , said the idea of marriage and commitment is not what it was in the 1930s and 1940s . Back then there were two things that held a community together : 1 . If you had a baby , you had to be married . 2 . Divorce was unacceptable . Today , he said , there are no rules . Now , census estimates show about half of first marriages end in divorce for women ; the number for men is closer to one-third . Unfortunately a new parenting model has not been created to deal with this reality , Branswell said . "  How do you do something in the place of marriage that gets the same outcome ? What you do is start talking about relationships . " He 's a married , churchgoing father of four who maintains relationships with the mothers of his two kids not by his wife . His own early experience and frustrations to peacefully co-parent led him to focus his professional work on fatherhood . For him , it underscored the importance of teaching fathers who are not with their children 's mother how to be involved , and he says it works . "  The vast majority of dads ... want to have a positive relationship with their child . Most of them are good dads and want to be better dads , " he said . Fifty years ago , the idea of a great dad was little more than a father who was a good provider and disciplinarian . Today , dads are increasingly looked to as sole or single parents , to support the family emotionally and to help their partners succeed in the wider world . Society is n't just expecting more from fathers ; fathers are expecting more from themselves .	The face of fatherhood is changing from strong and silent to flexible and supportive Mothers are still the icons of home and family , if Mother 's Day spending is an indication Fathers are taking on more and more household responsibility , according to studies Those who advocate for fathers say societal shifts demand a new model of fatherhood
Cosmetic companies and animal rights groups have welcomed a proposal by China to allow sales of some cosmetics without requiring them to be tested on animals . Animal testing would no longer be mandatory for "  non-specialized cosmetics " , including shampoo , soaps and certain skin products manufactured in China from June next year , according to a document posted on the website of the China Food and Drug Administration earlier this month . Beauty companies have long faced an ugly dilemma in China . Local laws and regulations require animal testing for cosmetic products sold in the country , which has made the lucrative market a tricky area for brands that want to sell in China without alienating consumers in other places that frown upon animal testing . "  Non-specialized cosmetics produced in China could avoid toxicological testing after going through risk and safety checks , " the China Food and Drug Administration said . Imported cosmetics are not covered in the proposal . But the document indicated that China would gradually ease regulations on animal testing , which would allow more international firms opposed to animal testing to enter China 's 134 billion yuan  $ 22 billion  cosmetics market . Current regulations require all cosmetics to go through a lengthy approval process known as "  toxicological testing " which involves testing on animals like rabbits and guinea pigs . "  The Body Shop welcomes the signals that the Chinese authorities are adopting a new approach to cosmetic testing , " spokeswoman Louise Terry said in emailed comments from London . "  We have campaigned against animal testing for over 20 years and we look forward to selling our products in China one day . " Cosmetic brand Urban Decay last year abandoned plans to sell its products in China in response to pressure from consumers and campaign groups , according to Cruelty Free International . Dave Neale , animal welfare director at campaign group Animal Asia , told CNN the planned changes had come quicker than expected given that local campaigns against animal testing have only been going for two years . "  That 's a very significant development because it took many years for European Union to allow these products to be sold  without being tested on animals  . " Earlier this year , a complete ban on the sale of cosmetics developed through animal testing took effect in the European Union . But Neale added that this proposal would not mark the end of animal testing in China . "  As far as I 'm aware , products can still be tested on animals . It just opens the opportunity for non-animal products to be sold , " he said .	China considers allowing sale of some cosmetics without requiring them to be tested on animals . The proposal covers products made in China , but not imported products Campaign group said change came quicker than expected But does not expect wholesale end to animal testing of cosmetics in China
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A new space race is officially under way , and this one should have the sci-fi geeks salivating . Lift to space : This is a NASA interpretation of what a space elevator may look like . The project is a "  space elevator , " and some experts now believe that the concept is well within the bounds of possibility -- maybe even within our lifetimes . A conference discussing developments in space elevator concepts is being held in Japan in November , and hundreds of engineers and scientists from Asia , Europe and the Americas are working to design the only lift that will take you directly to the one hundred-thousandth floor . Despite these developments , you could be excused for thinking it all sounds a little far-fetched . Indeed , if successfully built , the space elevator would be an unprecedented feat of human engineering . A cable anchored to the Earth 's surface , reaching tens of thousands of kilometers into space , balanced with a counterweight attached at the other end is the basic design for the elevator . It is thought that inertia -- the physics theory stating that matter retains its velocity along a straight line so long as it is not acted upon by an external force -- will cause the cable to stay stretched taut , allowing the elevator to sit in geostationary orbit . The cable would extend into the sky , eventually reaching a satellite docking station orbiting in space . Engineers hope the elevator will transport people and objects into space , and there have even been suggestions that it could be used to dispose of nuclear waste . Another proposed idea is to use the elevator to place solar panels in space to provide power for homes on Earth . If it sounds like the stuff of fiction , maybe that 's because it once was . In 1979 , Arthur C. Clarke 's novel "  The Fountains of Paradise " brought the idea of a space elevator to a mass audience . Charles Sheffield 's "  The Web Between the Worlds " also featured the building of a space elevator . But , jump out of the storybooks and fast-forward nearly three decades , and Japanese scientists at the Japan Space Elevator Association are working seriously on the space-elevator project . Association spokesman Akira Tsuchida said his organization was working with U.S.-based Spaceward Foundation and a European organization based in Luxembourg to develop an elevator design . The Liftport Group in the U.S. is also working on developing a design , and in total it 's believed that more than 300 scientists and engineers are engaged in such work around the globe . NASA is holding a $ 4 million Space Elevator Challenge to encourage designs for a successful space elevator . Tsuchida said the technology driving the race to build the first space elevator is the quickly developing material carbon nanotube . It is lightweight and has a tensile strength 180 times stronger than that of a steel cable . Currently , it is the only material with the potential to be strong enough to use to manufacture elevator cable , according to Tsuchida . "  At present we have a tether which is made of carbon nanotube , and has one-third or one-quarter of the strength required to make a space elevator . We expect that we will have strong enough cable in the 2020s or 2030s , " Tsuchida said . He said the most likely method of powering the elevator would be through the carbon nanotube cable . So , what are the major logistical issues keeping the space elevator from being anything more than a dream at present ? Massachusetts Institute of Technology aeronautics and astronautics Professor Jeff Hoffman said that designing the carbon nanotube appeared to be the biggest obstacle . "  We are now on the verge of having material that has the strength to span the 30,000 km ... but we do n't have the ability to make long cable out of the carbon nanotubes at the moment . " he said . "  Although I 'm confident that within a reasonable amount of time we will be able to do this . " Tsuchida said that one of the biggest challenges will be acquiring funding to move the projects forward . At present , there is no financial backing for the space elevator project , and all of the Japanese group 's 100-plus members maintain other jobs to earn a living . "  Because we do n't have a material which has enough strength to construct space elevator yet , it is difficult to change people 's mind so they believe that it can be real , " he said . Hoffman feels that international dialogue needs to be encouaraged on the issue . He said a number of legal considerations also would have to be taken into account . "  This is not something one nation or one company can do . There needs to be a worldwide approach , " he said . Other difficulties for space-elevator projects include how to build the base for the elevator , how to design it and where to set up the operation . Tsuchida said some possible locations for an elevator include the South China Sea , western Australia and the Galapagos Islands in the Pacific Ocean . He said all of those locations usually avoided typhoons , which could pose a threat to the safety of an elevator . "  As the base of space elevator will be located on geosynchronous orbit , -LSB- the -RSB- space elevator ground station should be located near the equator , " he said . Although the Japanese association has set a time frame of the 2030s to get a space elevator under construction -- and developments are moving quickly -- Hoffman acknowledges that it could be a little further away than that . "  I do n't know if it 's going to be in our lifetime or if it 's 100 or 200 years away , but it 's near enough that we can contemplate how it will work . " Building a space elevator is a matter of when , not if , said Hoffman , who believes that it will herald a major new period in human history . "  It will be revolutionary for human technology , and not just for space travel . That 's why so many people are pursuing it , " he said . "  This is what it will take to turn humans into a space-bearing species . "	Japan group has more than 100 engineers trying to design a space elevator Carbon nanotube would be used as a wire to lift the elevator into space Western Australia and the Galapagos Islands are potential locations for base station Group sets the 2030s as a target to begin construction , although it could be later
CNN  -- An "  unusual " uptick in the size and scale of Russian aircraft flying throughout European airspace in recent days has raised alarm bells for NATO officials that come amid other provocations already rattling the West . Multiple groups of Russian military bomber and tanker aircraft , flying under the guise of military maneuvers , were detected and monitored over sections of the Baltic Sea , North Sea and Black Sea on Tuesday and Wednesday . Those flights represented an "  unusual level of air activity over European airspace , " according to a press release from NATO . Adding to the concern -- none of the Russian aircraft filed customary flight plans or maintained radio contact with civilian aviation authorities or used any of their onboard transponders . "  This poses a potential risk to civil aviation as civilian air traffic control can not detect these aircraft or ensure there is no interference with civilian air traffic , " NATO said in its release . That concern was echoed by a U.S. official speaking with CNN who noted that none of any recent interactions between U.S. and Russian aircraft have proved problematic to this point . NATO said that in a 24-hour period ending late Wednesday , there were more than 19 instances of Russian aircraft in European airspace . According to NATO , Norwegian F-16s were scrambled and intercepted eight Russian aircraft flying over the North Sea . While some of the aircraft turned back toward Russia , two Tu-95 Bear H Russian bombers continued their flight , and were identified and intercepted by F-16s from Portugal . British fighters were also scrambled in response as the two Russian planes continued their flight westward over the Atlantic Ocean . NATO said the two Russian planes subsequently resumed a flight path back toward Russia but said those two planes were still airborne at the time of the press release . April : Dutch fighter jets intercept 2 Russian bombers in their airspace A NATO official tells CNN the alliance believes the recent flights are a possible prelude to unannounced Russian air exercises . But while officials have noted a near-constant pattern of Russian military flights throughout NATO airspace over the past weeks , officials observed there has been little provocative behavior -- like buzzing or rollovers -- by Russian pilots in their encounters with NATO aircraft . The latest incidents also come at a time when international calls for Russia to de-escalate some of its actions beyond its borders do not appear to be taking hold . September : Russian planes intercepted near U.S. , Canadian airspace Russia 's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine , along with plans to recognize a controversial election by the rebels next month are likely to keep the sanctions by the EU and the United States in place against Russia for the time being . And a reported hack of an unclassified computer network used by the White House and is believed to have originated from Russia according to two U.S. officials with knowledge of the breach . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Pamela Brown and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO : More than 19 instances of Russian aircraft in European airspace in 24 hours Groups of Russian aircraft detected over areas of Baltic , North , Black seas NATO : "  Unusual level of air activity over European airspace " NATO official tells CNN the recent flights could be possible prelude to Russian air exercises
CNN  -- Christine Levinson went to the United Nations on Monday to ask questions about her husband , Bob , a former FBI agent who vanished in Iran last year . Christine Levinson has sought help from Zalmay Khalilzad , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations . Levinson flew to New York with three of her seven children in hopes of meeting the one man she hoped could really get things moving -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who is at the United Nations for a speech he is scheduled to deliver Tuesday afternoon . Ahmadinejad declined to meet with her . "  I 'm disappointed , " she says . Levinson did meet , however , with the Zalmay Khalilzad , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations . "  He said he would do whatever he could to help me , " she told CNN . Levinson went to the United Nations with her children -- Susan , 31 , Sarah , 28 , and Douglas , 14 . Her husband disappeared in March 2007 while on a business trip to the Iranian island of Kish . Bob Levinson is a retired FBI agent from Coral Springs , Florida . After leaving the agency , his wife says , he worked as a security consultant specializing in cigarette smuggling . Over the last year and half , Levinson says she has done everything she can to draw attention to her husband 's disappearance . She has given interviews , met with U.S. State Department officials , set up a Web site -- www.helpboblevinson.com -- and staged a rally . She even has offered a $ 5,000 reward , aimed primarily at Iranians who might have information about her husband . Has it yielded any tips ? "  No , " Christine Levinson says . "  Nothing . " Last year , she traveled to Iran to try to retrace her husband 's steps . Back then , Iranian officials told her they would investigate and report back to her . She says she has n't heard a word . "  They told me when they have some information , they will let me know and in the meantime will continue to search for Bob , " Levinson told CNN . She has denied that her husband was doing business for the US government when he went missing -- she says she did n't believe so because he 's a private citizen . And the State Department and FBI have denied he was working for government . The State Department has demanded Iran free Levinson -- if it is holding him . Levinson says her husband suffers from diabetes and high blood pressure . She insists she is confident her husband is all right because "  I have n't heard anything bad . " At times , she listens to his voicemail message , just to hear his voice . "  I still firmly believe he is alive , " she says . "  Every day , I tell my children to take things one day at a time . "  I just want him to know I 'm still looking for him . I 'll never stop looking for him . "	Former FBI agent Bob Levinson disappeared in Iran in March 2007 His wife says she has done everything to draw attention to Levinson 's disappearance A $ 5,000 reward has been offered , but no tips have come in
CNN  -- Although a fierce critic of Barack Obama , former Vice President Dick Cheney does not support calls from some on the far right of his party to impeach him , saying it would simply create a distraction . "  I 'm not prepared at this point to call for the impeachment of the President , " Cheney said in an interview with CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " Cheney believes Obama is "  the worst president of my lifetime " and that "  Jimmy Carter might have been a better President , " but impeaching him is not going to accomplish much . Both Obama and Carter are Democrats , while Cheney is a conservative Republican who served two terms under George W. Bush . Calls for the Republican-led House to impeach Obama are coming from Sarah Palin and other harsh conservative critics at the height of midterm campaigning . His administration 's handling of the immigration crisis on the southern border has amplified the small chorus . However , such a step is considered far-fetched , especially after House Speaker John Boehner expressed disagreement with the premise in this case . Obama has clashed repeatedly and sharply with Republicans during his presidency . Cheney , however , did offer limited support for House Republican efforts to sue Obama over their claims he has abused his authority on a number of occasions by unlawfully going around Congress to carry out policy . They 're focusing their unusual legal action on a piece of Obamacare , a major political flashpoint between the GOP and the President and his supporters . "  I 'm glad to see the House Republicans are challenging him at least legally at this point . But I think that gets to be a bit of a distraction just like the impeachment of Bill Clinton did , " Cheney said . Clinton was impeached over the Monica Lewinsky affair , but not convicted by the Senate . Defiant Cheney accepts no blame for Iraq Cheney also said that the Bush administration left Iraq in reasonably good shape after years of war , and blamed Obama for not getting a security agreement from Iraqi leader Nouri al-Maliki to keep some U.S. troops there after combat operations ended to help ensure stability . Resurgent Sunni extremists have swept through parts of northern and central Iraq in recent weeks , exposing serious shortcomings in Iraqi security and governance . Obama has sent military advisers to assess the situation , but pledges no new ground troops . The debacle has opened another front for Republicans in criticizing the administration 's foreign policy . "  Obama 's failure to provide for a stay-behind force is what created the havoc we see in Iraq today , " Cheney said . "  When we left Iraq was a relatively stable place . We defeated al Qaeda , we had a coalition government in place , " he added . Asked whether some of the decisions made by him and Bush are responsible for the upheaval in Iraq now , Cheney deflected blame . "  I think it 's primarily Maliki , and Obama . That 's what I believe , and that 's what the history books will show , " Cheney said . Opinion : Cheney 's amazing chutzpah on Iraq CNN 's Edward Meagher contributed to this report . Watch The Lead with Jake Tapper weekdays at 4pm ET . For the latest on The Lead with Jake Tapper click here .	Former Vice President Dick Cheney interviewed on CNN Cheney says Obama may be worse president than Jimmy Carter Some conservatives like Sarah Palin calling for Obama impeachment NEW : Cheney takes no blame for Iraq , says today 's debacle mainly due to Obama
CNN  -- Giovanni van Bronckhorst hopes that his dream will come true when he leads the Netherlands out against Spain in Sunday 's World Cup final -- the last match of his distinguished career . The 35-year-old announced before the South African tournament that it would be his swansong , and earned his 100th international cap in the opening Group E victory against Denmark last month . On Tuesday , his spectacular long-range strike helped his team reach the final for the third occasion with a 3-2 victory against Uruguay on Tuesday . The defender now has the chance to help the Dutch lift the trophy for the first time , something that the star-studded team of the 1970s failed to do after losing in finals in Germany and Argentina . "  My last match turns out to be the match that I dreamed of , " he told reporters , as quoted by the UK Press Association . Dutch legend Cruyff backs Spain to win "  It is wonderful that I have the opportunity to win the World Cup as my final stop , far better than dying in the group stage . "  Everything has converged at just the right moment . It is fabulous that this World Cup will be the pinnacle of my work . " Van Bronckhorst , who began his career as a midfielder , made his name with Feyenoord before leaving his native country for spells with British clubs Glasgow Rangers and Arsenal -- the latter of which was blighted by injuries . He moved to Spain in 2003 as Dutch coach Frank Rijkaard took him to Barcelona first on loan and then in a permanent deal , transforming him into a left-back . Van Bronckhorst won the Champions League in 2006 before returning to Feyenoord a year later , when current Netherlands coach Bert van Marwijk made him captain of his boyhood club . Van Marwijk has kept faith with the player since taking over from Marco van Basten as national coach following Euro 2008 , which was won by Sunday 's opponents Spain . Van Bronckhorst will come up against several of his former Barcelona colleagues in the Johannesburg title decider , including midfielders Xavi and Andres Iniesta plus inspirational defender Carles Puyol . "  I still have contact with them . I used to share a room with Carles before Barcelona games and we saw a lot of each other away from the football club , " he said . "  We have actually already been on the phone offering each other best wishes , and it will be nice to say goodbye on Sunday face-to-face . "  But my boyhood dream is something more important , so they will have to make do with a silver medal this time . "	World Cup final is final match of career for Netherlands captain Giovanni van Bronckhorst The 35-year-old announced before tournament that it would be his swansong He hopes to lead the Dutch to their first World Cup title in Johannesburg on Sunday Three former Barcelona teammates will oppose him in the Spanish line-up
CNN  -- The father of a teenage girl who remarkably survived a plane crash off the Comoros islands has described how his daughter was ejected from the plane into the Indian Ocean . "  She did n't feel a thing . She found herself in water , " Paris-based Kassim Bakari told French radio RTL after speaking to his 13-year-old daughter Bahia who was recovering Wednesday in hospital in Moroni . "  She could hear people talking , but in the middle of the night she could n't see a thing . She managed to hold on to a piece of something , " said Bakari , whose wife was also on board the doomed flight and is presumed to be among the 152 victims . "  She said she was ejected from the plane , " Bakari said . Bahia , who lives in Marseille , escaped with just cuts to her face and a fractured collar-bone as the Yemenia Airways Airbus A310 tried to land at Moroni airport at the end of a four-stage flight from France . Watch more about Bahia 's escape " A local surgeon said Bahia was doing well in hospital . "  Her health is not in danger . She is very calm given the shock she suffered , " Ben Imani told Reuters.com at Moroni 's El Marouf hospital . The girl is expected to be flown home to France on a ministerial plane , Agence France-Presse reports . Earlier Kassim Bakari told France Info , a French radio network , that his wife and daughter were flying to Comoros to visit relatives . "  When I had her on the phone , I asked her what happened and she said , ` Daddy , I do n't know what happened , but the plane fell into the water and I found myself in the water ... surrounded by darkness . I could not see anyone , ' " Bakari said . French junior foreign minister Alain Joyandet met the girl in hospital on Wednesday and heard how she was pulled from the sea . The head of the rescue team in the Comoros also told RTL the teenager survived astonishing odds . "  It is truly , truly , miraculous , " said Ibrahim Abdoulazeb . "  The young girl can barely swim . " Another rescuer told France 's Europe 1 radio the girl was spotted in the rough sea among bodies and plane debris in darkness about two hours after the crash . "  We tried to throw a life buoy . She could not grab it . I had to jump in the water to get her , " the rescuer said , according to AFP . Watch as airline describes child 's rescue " "  She was shaking , shaking . We put four covers on her . We gave her hot , sugary water . We simply asked her name , village . " Bakari said he did not believe he would see his wife or daughter again after learning of the crash . "  She is a very , very shy girl . I would never have thought she would have survived like this . I ca n't say that it 's a miracle , I can say that it is God 's will , " he said . Kassim Bakari said his daughter had been told her mother survived the crash . "  When I spoke to her she was asking for her mother . They told her she was in a room next door , so as not to traumatize her . But it 's not true . I do n't know who is going to tell her . " Former pilot and aviation analyst John Cox said the girl 's discovery reminded him of the 1987 crash of Northwest Flight 255 in Detroit , Michigan , in which only a 4-year-old girl survived , while 156 others died . Read how people survive air crashes	Teenager recovers in hospital after surviving plane crash off Comoros islands 13-year-old , who lives in Marseille , France , escaped without serious injuries Girl was spotted in rough sea among bodies and plane debris in darkness
AOL Autos  -- It had never been done before , but as Monte Perlin gunned the engine of his Harley motorbike and prepared to land it in an open boxcar of a moving train , he was strangely calm . Stuntman Monte Perlin putting his motorcycle through its paces . Rather than fret for his own life , he was thinking about the responsibility he had for the life of the woman sitting on the saddle behind him . He laughs to tell the story now , but his moving-train stunt for Disney 's 2008 Adam Sandler vehicle "  Bedtime Stories " was perhaps the most dangerous Perlin 's attempted in his 25 years in Hollywood . His career has involved many films , including "  Spider-Man , " "  Star Trek , "  Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull " and portraying Arnold Schwarzenegger 's stunt double in "  Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines . " That 's right : Monte Perlin is a stunt man . In fact , he said that after completing that train stunt , which involved probably more math than we 'd care to compute  consider a man jumping 70 feet on a motorbike at 60 mph from a ramp into an open car of a train traveling at 45 mph , all with a woman on the seat next to him ... sounds a bit like a SAT question , does n't it ?  the footage showed he missed . In actuality , he came too close -- or about 6 inches -- to one of the boxcar 's doors . So , he had to do it again . "  I have to time it with a girl on my back , " Perlin said . "  Too short , I 'm dead . Too late , I 'm dead . Too high , fast or powerful , I take my head off . It had to be perfect . While he did n't sleep for two nights before the stunt , he says a strange type of calm precedes any of his attempts at a difficult trick . Then , just before launch , he says , as he revs the engine of whichever "  boss hog " he 's riding that day , his adrenaline kicks into gear . "  I get that feeling , that I could wrestle 10 gorillas , I could jump 10 trains , and boom ! I go for it . " Perlin completed the stunt , this time "  hitting " it almost exactly through the middle of the box-car 's open gate and the movie 's production team wrapped the scene . "  I did it again and just hit it perfect , " he said . "  I hit the impossible stunt . " It did n't start this way Perlin grew up in Lake Arrowhead , not far from Hollywood , where from the age of 10 he ripped around the largely rural area on motocross bikes before he graduated onto some seriously heavy machinery -- including his own super-modified Harley Davidson that packs a 350 Chevy car engine . That gave him a perfect start in his chosen career of motorcycle stunt riding . AOL Autos : Fastest coupes under $ 30k He got into Hollywood by ditching the small-town naysayers who did n't believe in him , he says , and traveling to Los Angeles . After a couple misfires , he looked into a stunt school he found in a Hollywood trade publication and he found his calling . AOL Autos : Top 10 best car commercials Perhaps more importantly , Perlin met his wife , also a stuntwoman . "  She  changed my life and stopped my drinking , " he said . "  I told her , ` If we 're gon na get married , I got ta have a career . ' " In addition to traveling to Africa , Israel , Russia , and all over the world , the couple raised four kids on a 10-acre ranch about 25 miles north of Hollywood in Lancaster . Perlin has n't touched a drop of alcohol in nearly 25 years . He says he often takes his grandkids for "  wheelies " around his neighborhood . As it turns out , stuntin ' runs in the family : His 17-year-old daughter is a champion horse show-jumper and is gunning for an Olympic place , but is already a professional stuntwoman . AOL Autos : Ford 's ` Wonder Woman ' engineers important new car Stunt work is n't something to be taken lightly , though . Perlin has the scars to prove it . He says he 's broken "  almost everything . " Everything , according to Perlin , includes both of his arms , legs , knees , feet , ankles , several of his ribs , his back and his pelvis . But , his background in gymnastics has left him some flexibility . AOL Autos : Most common car - related injuries Perhaps philosophically , Perlin points out that the most important thing for any stuntman , alongside having a particular niche or forte like motorbike riding , is learning from the mistakes you 'll inevitably make . Sometimes this means knowing when to say no and , simply , when to go for it . He recalls the time he was cajoled by a director into doing a motorcycle stunt he considered too dangerous . "  The worst thing  I ever did  was on a Brian Bosworth series 13 years ago in Florida . I had to jump off a pier , over the water and into a barge . Well , usually they give you a lighter bike mocked up to look like a Harley , but they would n't do that  for  this so I had to get a stock Kawasaki 1200 Vulcan . I could jump a 35-foot distance  on that bike  but from pier to barge was now more than 35 feet . I checked the tide and the jump was 40 feet long . "  Now  I know  I do n't want to do it . But the production manager came running out and said , ` If Monte Perlin does n't do this jump , you all are going home right now . ' He was really throwing it at me . I did the jump and landed perfectly , but the bike snapped in half and crushed my ankle . In the hospital , the ` doc said they were gon na have to cut my foot off . " Perlin 's foot was saved by steel plates and screws , but not before he learned an important lesson : "  It 's not the fact of making mistakes in life , it 's what you learn from them . " He describes a later stunt where he had to jump a motorbike down 2.5 stories from a roof , jumping through a window , all while wearing a rubber monster suit . He says the lights were bad , and he "  could n't see a thing . " "  I called down to floor , said I could n't see the ground , " he said . "  They said ` You wimp , my mother could do that . ' But , five minutes later the lights were right , and I landed it . The end result was I had learned from my mistakes . There are ways to get around anything . " One tough assignment Most famously , perhaps , Perlin portrayed Arnold Schwarzenegger in "  Terminator 3 , " a role that still has a special place in his memory  although he says he 's back working with his old Terminator team on a "  major blockbuster " to be filmed this summer  . AOL Autos : Top 10 movie car chases "  For Terminator 3 , I got a call to double Arnold , to go in and meet him . We hung out for six months , riding together and training . Now  as a double for the  Terminator , I ca n't be riding and looking , or turning my head . I had to use peripheral vision for all my stunts . " Not that he needed a reminder , but Monte 's Terminator experiences proved once again that stunt work is serious business . "  In one of the sequences , Arnold 's riding on a motorcycle and the lady 's on a crane . She swings at him and he grabs the crane . But that transfer was not as sweet as it looked . Riding at 45 mph , following the crane , a harness was supposed to bring me closer to the crane and lock me safe to it . But , the crane made a swerve and it pulled me off the motorbike , and he 's still going . Picture a fish on the end of a hook , being swung around . If that timing was off I would  have been  wrapped around a pole and torn in half . " On the same shoot , Monte had to do battle with an object much larger than him and perhaps less forgiving than a moving crane . "  For an explosion shot in the movie , I was heading right toward a tanker , " he said . "  I swerved around  it  and was head on with a remotely controlled ambulance ,  which was  on fire . If I had fallen and it would of hit me , I would have been bone dead . "  But , it landed beside me -- a full-weight paramedic truck flipping through the air . I talked to the guy on the remote control after that . He said it would have landed on top of me , but on the last second it turned to the right and missed me . It woulda squished me . " Unless you 're Monte Perlin , do not try this at home . You might get squished .	Stuntman Monte Perlin has broken "  almost everything " in his 25-year career His films include "  Spider-Man , " "  Star Trek , "  Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines " One motorbike stunt involved jumping 70 feet at 60 mph into open car of moving train Remotely controlled , burning ambulance flipped and barely missed him
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq has signed its first major oil deal with a foreign company since the fall of Saddam Hussein 's regime , a spokesman for the Iraqi Oil Ministry said Saturday . Iraq 's oil fields currently produce about 2.5 million barrels a day . It was the first time in more than 35 years that Iraq has allowed foreign oil companies to do business inside its borders . The contract with the China National Petroleum Corporation could be worth up to $ 3 billion . It would allow the CNPC to develop an oil field in southern Iraq 's Wasit province for about 20 years , Oil Ministry spokesman Assim Jihad said . Iraq 's Cabinet must still approve the contract , but Jihad said that would happen soon and work could start within a few months . The Chinese company will provide technical advisers , oil workers and equipment to develop al-Ahdab oil field , providing fuel for al-Zubaidiya power plant in Wasit , southeast of Baghdad , bordering Iran , Jihad said . Once development begins , the field is expected to start producing a preliminary amount of 25,000 barrels of oil a day and an estimated constant daily amount of 125,000 barrels after three years , he said . Iraq currently produces about 2.5 million barrels a day , 2 million of which are exported daily , Jihad said . That is close to its status before the U.S.-led war that toppled Saddam in 2003 , but below its levels prior to the Persian Gulf War in 1991 . Iraqi Oil Minister Hussein Shahrastani said in July that he is confident Iraq will be able to double its production in the next five years . As it did with other international companies , the Saddam regime had a partnership contract with CNPC signed at the end of the 1990s that entitled the company to share profits . The current contract , however , will be only a "  service contract " under which CNPC is simply paid for its services , Jihad said . He said Iraq has provided "  security guarantees " for CNPC , as it would for any other foreign company that will work in Iraq 's oil fields . Jihad called it a major and significant move for Iraq . Iraq sparked a scramble for lucrative oil contracts in June , when Shahrastani opened bidding to 35 international companies for long-term contracts to redevelop six oil fields . The Oil Ministry continues to negotiate short-term , no-bid contracts with several U.S. and European oil companies , including Exxon Mobil Corp. , Royal Dutch Shell , Total SA , Chevron Corp. and BP . Iraq has among the largest oil reserves in the world , with an estimated 115 billion barrels , tying Iran for the No. 2 status behind Saudi Arabia 's 264 billion barrels , according to estimates from the Energy Information Administration . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Iraq signs $ 3 billion oil deal with Chinese national oil company Deal is first major contract with foreign company since fall of Saddam Hussein China National Petroleum Corporation to develop oil field in southern Wasit province Oil field expected to produce 125,000 barrels a day within three years
CNN  -- Two leading tobacco companies fired a pre-emptive legal strike against federal authorities Friday , challenging the objectivity and thus validity of a 12-member advisory panel charged with making recommendations on the safety of menthol cigarettes and other matters . The Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee , which is helping direct the implementation of the 2009 Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act , is set to file a key report on menthol by March 23 . Just over a month before that report comes out , R.J. Reynolds and Lorillard filed their lawsuit Friday in U.S. District Court in Washington , naming the Food and Drug Administration , Department of Health and Human Services and those agencies ' respective leaders as defendants , as well as the director of the federal Center for Tobacco Products . The complaint attempts to prevent federal authorities from "  taking any action based on or influenced by " or otherwise using information from the advisory committee "  as it is currently constructed . " That group , which includes three non-voting members representing the tobacco industry , is charged per federal statute with providing "  advice , information , and recommendations " to Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius on health , dependence and other issues related to tobacco . Theoretically relying on these recommendations , the secretary has the authority to mandate "  good manufacturing practices for tobacco products . " The lawsuit filed Friday questions the neutrality of the panel members , saying three -- including its chairman , Dr. Jonathan Samet -- had "  conflicts of interests and associated biases that are incompatible with  the committee 's  role as an impartial advisor . " The tobacco firms allege that the three , plus two members of a subcommittee , have been paid expert witnesses in litigation against tobacco companies and/or consultants for pharmaceutical companies that create nicotine-replacement-therapy products . Jeff Ventura , a spokesman for the Food and Drug Administration , did not address specific claims in the suit . "  As a matter of general policy , the FDA does not comment on possible , pending or ongoing litigation , " Ventura wrote CNN by e-mail . According to the panel 's website , most of the committee 's voting members "  shall be physicians , dentists , scientists or health care professionals practicing in the areas of oncology , pulmonology , cardiology , toxicology , pharmacology , addiction , or any other relevant specialty . " One must be a local , state or federal government official and one who is a representative of the public . Before the report 's release late next month , the panel has two scheduled upcoming meetings . It has met approximately once a month since June 2010 , with transcripts , webcasts and documents germane to the sessions posted on the FDA website . The tobacco companies in their complaint noted the panel 's mission to probe menthol cigarettes , including their use among young people , African-Americans , Hispanics and other minorities , as well as smokeless tobacco products . Menthol cigarettes , which account for one-quarter of the cigarettes sold in the United States , have been under scrutiny by public health officials and public health watchdog groups . Critics claim the flavor makes them more addictive and they denounce the marketing campaigns that they say target menthol cigarettes specifically at minority smokers . According to a study published in the journal Nicotine and Tobacco Research , three-quarters of African-American smokers prefer menthol cigarettes to traditional ones . But Leonard Jones , director of marketing at Lorillard , said last year that "  ethnicity does not play a role " in marketing strategies for the Newport menthol cigarette . "  We do n't collect or retain information on ethnicity in our marketing data base , " he said . R.J. Reynolds , the nation 's second-largest tobacco company , is based in North Carolina and sells Camel , Winston , Kool , Pall Mall and other cigarettes . Delaware-based Lorillard , which ranks as the third biggest in the United States , is behind the Newport , Maverick , True , Old Gold and other brands . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : FDA spokesman says that the agency generally does n't comment on litigation R.J. Reynolds and Lorillard file a lawsuit Friday in U.S. District Court in Washington The tobacco firms question the objectivity of a key federal advisory panel 's members Committee is set to issue a report on the safety of menthol cigarettes in March
CNN  -- Across Mexico , young girls dream of escaping their small towns for the big cities . They dream of a good job and a better life in the United States . That was the case of "  Claudia , " a name given to protect her identity . Her dream of a better life quickly evolved into a nightmare . When she was 15 , she met a charming man at a party who would later become her boyfriend . "  This individual would tell me a lot about the United States and would ask me to join him to go work at a clothes factory , " she said . Claudia was eventually smuggled into the United States and taken to New York City . Once there , she soon realized her boyfriend was part of a prostitution ring . He forced her into prostitution . She says he would beat her up , burn her with lit cigarettes and tell her he would have her parents in Mexico killed if she tried to resist or escape . This is the first time Claudia is speaking about her experience . She 's nervous , but says she wants to share her secret ; a painful secret , she says , that the world needs to know about . Hers is a story of false promises , illegal immigration , verbal and physical abuse , drugs , forced prostitution and a risky escape . After being forced to work as a prostitute , Claudia says she started thinking about ways of escaping . "  It was a very traumatic experience , " she said . "  The first day I started working was very hard because I had to sleep with 20 men in rapid sequence . " For several months she saved up tips , just a few dollars at a time , that she would hide in a refrigerator . She discreetly would ask older women , who were also forced into prostitution , about directions to the nearest bus station and streets around the area . When she felt she had enough for a bus trip , she ran away to the bus station and bought a ticket to a city she did n't know . She has been a free woman for several years now , but she says she still suffers from nightmares and says her life has been scarred . Many people associate prostitution with women walking the streets in shady areas and being picked up by johns . But Claudia says the prostitution ring for which she was forced to work had a long list of clients who knew the price they had to pay , who to call and where to go . It 's a well-organized and lucrative underground industry . Luis CdeBaca monitors human trafficking at the U.S. State Department . He says there are no reliable figures on the scale of the problem , but forced prostitution from Mexico and Central America is a big part of it . "  They know that their victims are not going to go to law enforcement , " said CdeBaca . "  They know that their victims are afraid . In fact , sometimes one of their threats is to turn people over to the immigration service . " Claudia was 15 when she was forced to become a prostitute , but there are younger victims , as CdeBaca found out when he worked as a federal prosecutor at the U.S. Justice Department . "  I ended up seeing cases with girls as young as 13 and women in their 40s and everything in between , " he said . According to the International Labor Organization  ILO  , the United Nations agency that monitors employment , standards , and social protection issues , there are about 12.3 million victims of human trafficking around the world . The ILO also estimates that at least 1.39 million of those are victims of commercial sexual servitude in their own countries or abroad . But the current trafficking from Mexico and Central America is of special concern for CdeBaca . "  We have situations in the United States , cases that I 've worked on , when I was with the Justice Department involving women who had to serve as up to 50 customers a day ; just a crushing amount of what in fact is a daily set of rapes , " said CdeBaca . Several cases have been successfully prosecuted in states , including Georgia and New York , against prostitution rings that operate in the same way . They lure women in Mexico with promises of a good job only to be forced into sexual slavery once here . In the Atlanta area , Amador Cortes-Meza , a 36-year-old Mexican national , was charged with involvement in a prostitution ring that victimized women and girls smuggled from Mexico . Some were as young as 14 . Otto Jaime Larios-Perez , 27 , who has admitted one count of providing false information , drove victims to several secret locations in the Atlanta area , forcing them to see multiple clients a day . Immigration and Customs Enforcement Special Agent Brock Nicholson says that all of the victims fell into the same trap . "  They were brought in with romantic promises , with job promises , young girls , from a certain state of Mexico , brought up , smuggled in , immediately forced into prostitution , " Nicholson said . Ten years ago , the U.S. Congress passed a law that allows victims of human trafficking to stay in the country if they testify in court against perpetrators of the crime . Danielle Conley , an immigration attorney who helps victims of human trafficking , said this law known as the Trafficking Victims Protection Act helps both victims and prosecutors . Victims get a visa to live in the United States and prosecutors get powerful testimony to build strong cases against suspects of human trafficking . "  They actually have quite a few rights , but unfortunately that 's not widely known among both the immigrant community and American citizens , " said Conley . Claudia has now moved to a different city in the United States , where she tries to live a normal life . She 's still afraid of retribution and wants to remain anonymous . Asked why she decided to share her painful experience , she pauses for a moment and then answers without hesitation . "  Because I want authorities to realize that this is a problem and a serious one , " she said . "  Also , I want parents to know that sometimes because of their work they forget about their children , especially girls , and leave them abandoned . "	There are over 12 million human trafficking victims , international data shows Many victims of forced prostitution in the U.S. are from Latin America , an expert says "  Claudia " was promised a factory job , but was forced into prostitution at age 15 She spoke to CNN in hopes of alerting authorities to what she called a "  serious " problem
Pentagon officials are readying a plan that would deploy U.S. military advisers to the volatile Iraqi province of Anbar to advise and assist Iraqi security forces in a region currently dominated by ISIS militants . "  To be clear , this is not a change in mission nor is it a combat role , as they will be operating in the same advisory role as the other locations , " Col. Edward Thomas , spokesman for the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told CNN . U.S. advisers currently operate in areas around Baghdad and Irbil in the north of the country . The new proposal would put U.S. troops in the middle of some of the most violent situations in Iraq . Thomas said the plan is still "  under development . " "  From the beginning of the campaign , we have said that we would expand this type of support to the Iraqi government should they act in a manner that was representative of the security interests of all Iraqis , " Thomas said . U.S. officials maintain that Iraqi support for Sunni tribes going on the offensive against ISIS will be a necessary part in the effort to defeat the militants , who are also called ISIL and refer to themselves as the Islamic State . In a news conference with reporters Thursday , Gen. Martin Dempsey , the Joint Chiefs chairman , signaled the possibility of the new role when he said the Iraqi government had not yet requested U.S. military support in efforts to defend a Sunni tribe that has suffered mass executions at the hands of ISIS militants . "  That 's why we need to expand the train-advise-and-assist mission into the Al - Anbar Province , " Dempsey said . "  But the precondition for that is that the government of Iraq is willing to arm the tribes . " Dempsey said the United States had "  positive indications " the Iraqi government was prepared to do that , but had not yet acted . Thomas said such a mission would hopefully open the door to the establishment of an Iraqi National Guard while also helping to push back ISIS control of the province . There is no indication from Pentagon officials on when such a mission could begin . Anbar was the scene of a bloody insurgency during the U.S.-led war in Iraq until an uprising by Sunni tribes in 2006 took hold to push out forces from al Qaeda 's franchise in Iraq -- the precursor organization to ISIS . Some 400 members of the Sunni Abu Nimer tribe in Anbar have been killed in recent days after rising up against ISIS rule in the province .	Joint Chiefs spokesman says plan "  is not a change in mission nor is it a combat role " U.S. currently has advisers assisting Iraqis in Irbil and Joint Chiefs chairman : Sunni tribes fighting ISIS need Iraqi military support ISIS has killed some 400 members of one Sunni tribe in Anbar in recent days
Maputo , Mozambique  CNN  Artists in Mozambique are certainly not lacking inspiration . Whether they draw from their colonial past , independence , or the turbulent years of civil war that followed , many Mozambicans have taken to the canvas to express themselves . It 's no wonder the Mozambican art scene is taking the world by storm . For Goncalo Mabunda , the 16-year civil war that ended in 1992 provided not only the muse but the materials for his works . His sculptures -- intricate masks , thrones and figurines -- are molded from recovered weaponry and military equipment , namely old landmines , AK-47s and rocket launchers . Mabunda 's work was made possible through the efforts of the Christian Council of Mozambique , a group of local churches that launched the "  Transforming Guns into Hoes Program " , which offers participants tools and building materials in exchange for recovered weapons . "  The war is over . Why do we still need weapons ? Let 's destroy  them  . And I 'm glad the government at the time said , ` yes , let 's destroy ' . " For other artists , like Naguib Elias Abdula -- whose half-mile murals are dotted throughout the landscape of Maputo , the country 's capital , independence was the spark plug that got him painting . In 1975 , when Mozambique became its own country following a decade-long insurrection against Portugal , the land was covered in debris , and was very much a blank canvas . For Abdula , artwork proved the perfect medium to inform the public . "  At the time , it was necessary to teach the people what 's going on . What is independence ? What is ` Mozambique ' ? It was necessary to teach people , and people -LSB- did n't -RSB- read , so we taught through paintings in the road , " he says , referring to the low literacy rate back then  literacy has risen to 58.6 % , up from 38.7 % in 1997 , according to UNESCO  . Like Mabunda , Abdula 's work has achieved international acclaim following an exhibit at the United Nation 's headquarters in 1996 . Since , he 's been shown in countries throughout the world . It is a narrative that is becoming popular in the country , which has started to gain a reputation as an incubator of fine arts . "  There is an artistic movement , " confirms Arturo Vicente , president of Maputo 's Nucleo di Arte , a longstanding exhibition space that showcases many of the country 's up-and-coming artists . Watch : Mozambique 's elusive coffee plant More : Africa 's mythical beasts	Mozambique witnessing surge in artistic expression Artists make works from old weapons , abandoned sites
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Archaeologists in Israel say they have discovered the remains of a home from the time of Jesus in the heart of Nazareth . The Israeli Antiquities Authority said the find "  sheds light on the way of life at the time of Jesus " in the Jewish settlement of Nazareth , where Christians believe Jesus grew up . The find marks the first time researchers have uncovered the remains of a home in Nazareth from that time period , the Israeli Antiquities Authority said in a statement . "  The building that we found is small and modest and it is most likely typical of the dwellings in Nazareth in that period , " Yardenna Alexandre , excavation director for the authority , said in the statement . "  Until now a number of tombs from the time of Jesus were found in Nazareth ; however , no settlement remains have been discovered that are attributed to this period . " Christians believe that Mary , the mother of Jesus , lived in Nazareth with her husband , Joseph . They believe Mary was in Nazareth when the angel Gabriel revealed that Mary would give birth to the son of God , a baby to be named Jesus . A number of burial caves that date to the early Roman period also were discovered close to the inhabited area during the excavations , the authority said . The discovery was made in the modern city of Nazareth during an excavation in advance of construction of the International Marian Center of Nazareth , which will illustrate the life of Mary . An association in Nazareth plans to conserve and display the home 's remains in the center . It will be built next to the Church of the Annunciation , which stands on the spot where Catholics believe Mary once lived . The Church of the Annunciation is in the heart of Nazareth , above an older church and atop the ruins of a church from the Byzantine period . In the middle of these churches is a cave that was believed in antiquity to be the home of Jesus ' family . Researchers found storage pits and cisterns in the compound of the Church of the Annunciation , many of which date to the time of Jesus , Israeli archaeologists said . In the excavation , a large , broad wall that dates to the 15th century was exposed . It was constructed on top of and used the walls of an ancient building , the statement said . This earlier building -- the one that dates to the time of Jesus -- consisted of two rooms and a courtyard in which a rock-hewn cistern collected rainwater . Few artifacts were recovered from inside the building -- mostly fragments of pottery vessels from the first and second centuries . Also , researchers found several fragments of chalk vessels , which were used by Jews in this period because such vessels were not susceptible to becoming ritually unclean , researchers said . Another hewn pit , whose entrance was apparently camouflaged , was excavated and a few pottery fragments from the early Roman period were found inside it . "  Based on other excavations that I conducted in other villages in the region , this pit was probably hewn as part of the preparations by the Jews to protect themselves during the great revolt against the Romans in -LSB- A.D. -RSB- 67 , " Alexandre said .	House is first dwelling found in Nazareth from Jesus ' era , archaeologists say Discovery came during excavation for a new center honoring Mary Home found near Church of the Annunciation , the spot where some believe Mary lived Dwelling consists of two rooms , courtyard , handmade cistern to collect rain
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Just stepping into the stadium you can feel the electric atmosphere . Die-hard rugby fan or not , it is thrilling . Tens of thousands of people who have journeyed into the desert to see history being made are in full voice . Rugby fans get into the party spirit by dressing up - this time as smurfs . Last week 's IRB Rugby Sevens World Cup in Dubai lived up to the sport 's unpredictable reputation , with surprises and upsets at every turn . The 78,000 people who ignored the global credit crunch to attend were well rewarded , with Wales lifting the Melrose Cup for the first time . They had never reached a final in any Sevens international rugby tournament but the young squad , who have only been together for two years , can now add their names to the list of English , New Zealand and Fijian stars who have won the world cup in the shortened version of the game . But Sevens , which is bidding for inclusion in the 2016 Olympics , is as much about the spectacle as the play . Dubai did not disappoint . Rugby Sevens has seven players per side compared to the standard 15 in traditional rugby , and is played over two halves of seven minutes apiece as opposed to 40 minutes per half in traditional matches . As a result a Sevens tournament can be played in just a few days , while traditional rugby tournaments may last a month . The result is a fast-paced game that witnesses frequent upsets and a sport that prides itself on creating a party atmosphere . In Dubai , fans dressed as Smurfs , British guards , cavemen and Umpa Lumpas -- the little orange men from "  Charlie and the Chocolate Factory . " Standing by the sidelines wearing my Hong Kong rugby shirt and euphorically cheering on my home team when they scored their only try against England was an amazing experience . "  Sevens rugby is a sport in which any country can become good at , any country can play against the big boys such as New Zealand , England , " said Hong Kong player John Gbenda-Charles . "  Playing in a Sevens World Cup is a dream come true . " The spectacular opening ceremony came to life with dancers , acrobats , balloons and , yes , camels . The stadium 's design -- with its wide walkway between the stands and pitch -- gave the tournament a relaxed feel , allowing people to stand on the sidelines as opposed to being kept at a distance in the stands . Fans were so close they could almost touch the players . The informal atmosphere also led many families to bring along their children to enjoy the event . Every upset at last week 's tournament was ferociously cheered . Kenya shocked Fiji -- regularly winners on the Sevens circuit -- in the quarterfinals as the vocal crowd pushed them to hold on . Their own fans danced in T-shirts with the image of U.S. President Barack Obama . The event was broadcast to a record 200 hundred countries , with women 's teams included in the world cup for the first time . The women 's final featured a showdown between traditional rugby nations New Zealand and Australia . Overtime was needed for Australia to claim victory . It is the sport 's reputation for fun , entertainment and growing reach which supporters point to as they aspire for Olympic recognition . Sevens is competing against baseball , softball , golf , karate , squash and roller-sports for one of two new spots at the 2016 games , and IRB chairman Bernard Lapasset believes it has an edge . "  Having the likes of Thailand , Brazil , China and Uganda competing with New Zealand , England , Spain and France in a Rugby World Cup Sevens tournament is a very exciting development for the game , " Lapasset said , according to a report to the international rugby board  IRB  . Zheng Hongjun , coach of the Chinese women 's side which won the bowl  a secondary prize in the women 's competition  , said their victory was a breakthrough for them and the sport . "  It is very important because rugby is not as popular as other sports such as table tennis and Olympic sports , " Zheng said on the IRB 's Web site .	Rugby Sevens is bidding to be included in the 2016 Olympics The recent world cup in Dubai proved just how popular the sport is becoming Wales lifted their first Sevens trophy , one of a number of upsets
EW.com  -- "  Snow White and the Huntsman " was awoken to the tune of $ 56.3 million this weekend , according to studio estimates . That 's a big win for Universal Pictures , especially considering that the studio 's last film , the sinking big-budget bomb known as "  Battleship , " opened to less than half that amount two weeks ago . "  Snow White " also marked the best debut for star Kristen Stewart outside the "  Twilight " franchise , and the second-best start for Charlize Theron after "  Hancock . " The film skewed female , but just barely , as 53 percent of its crowd consisted of women . The PG-13 revisionist fairy tale was also pretty evenly split between younger and older moviegoers , with 52 percent being at least 30 years old . Audiences liked but did n't love the film , which received an okay "  B " rating from CinemaScore participants . Considering that Universal spent $ 170 million producing the picture , "  Snow White " needs to hold moderately well the next few weeks . But even if the movie does n't wind up being a huge moneymaker , it at least avoided the fate of "  Battleship " and is the first major post - "  Avengers " flick to exceed industry expectations . In second place , "  Men in Black 3 " held up fairly well , dropping 46 percent for $ 29.3 million . The $ 230 million threequel has so far earned $ 112.3 million domestically in 10 days -- just slightly behind where "  Men in Black "  $ 118.8 million  and "  Men in Black II "  $ 115.6 million  were at the same point -- and an impressive $ 386.9 million worldwide . Of course , that 's nothing compared to "  The Avengers , " which fell 45 percent for $ 20.3 million and walked away with two notable achievements . First , the Marvel superhero movie passed "  The Dark Knight 's " $ 533.3 million tally to become the third-highest-grossing domestic release ever , behind only "  Avatar "  $ 760.5 million  and Titanic  $ 658.6 million  . While "  The Avengers " should be able to reach the $ 600 million mark , it 'll almost certainly fall short of those two James Cameron productions . Still , No. 3 is not a bad place to be , especially when you 're also talking about the worldwide record board . Over the weekend , "  The Avengers " passed "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 2 " to become the third biggest movie ever globally . The movie has so far smashed $ 1.36 billion worldwide . Though again , third place is likely where it 'll stay , as "  Avatar " and "  Titanic " are way out in front with $ 2.78 billion and $ 2.19 billion , respectively . Rounding out the top five were "  Battleship " and "  The Dictator " with $ 4.8 million and $ 4.7 million . In limited release , Wes Anderson 's critically acclaimed "  Moonrise Kingdom " continued to dominate , collecting $ 849,000 at just 16 theaters for a per-location average of $ 53,000 . The Mexican historical drama "  For Greater Glory , " starring Andy Garcia and Eva Longoria , settled for a decent $ 1.8 million at 757 theaters . But the horror-comedy sequel "  Piranha 3DD " mustered only $ 179,000 at 86 locations , while the Adrien Brody comedy "  High School " flunked out with just $ 80,600 at 200 sites -- that 's $ 403 per theater . If one assumes each theater played "  High School " five times per day , then each screening was attended by an average of three moviegoers . 1 . "  Snow White and the Huntsman " -- $ 56.3 mil 2 . "  Men in Black 3 " -- $ 29.3 mil 3 . "  The Avengers " -- $ 20.3 mil 4 . "  Battleship " -- $ 4.8 mil 5 . "  The Dictator " -- $ 4.7 mil See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Snow White and the Huntsman " proved to be a weekend win for Universal The film received an okay "  B " rating from CinemaScore participants . "  The Avengers " passed "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows â $ " Part 2 " to become the third biggest movie ever globally .
CNN  -- In 2005 , about two weeks after 52 people in London were killed in bombings targeting the English city 's mass transit system , terrorists decided to strike again . A police CCTV camera observes people walking in central London . Similar to the July 7 attacks , they chose the city 's transit system -- three subway trains and a double-decker bus -- as the targets . But this time , four homemade bombs stuffed into backpacks did not fully explode . One person was injured . About a day later , photographs of four suspects were broadcast on television . Their images had been captured on surveillance cameras near the sites of the attempted attacks . The remarkable speed of that investigation was repeated in June this year when terrorists attempted to detonate two car bombs in London . Aided by surveillance cameras , British investigators began unraveling the plot later that day and tracked the suspects to Glasgow , Scotland . Several suspects were soon arrested . Police officials credited the "  Ring of Steel " -- a network of thousands of surveillance cameras that line London 's intersections and neighborhoods -- for providing license plate numbers , suspects ' image and other important clues in investigations . New York City , specifically lower Manhattan , the site of two terror attacks , will have a similar system in place by the decade 's end if it gets the needed funding . Police officials say the surveillance cameras can help combat crime and terrorism , perhaps even deter it . Civil liberties advocates say such systems are a threat to privacy rights and another step for a society creeping toward a constant state of surveillance . The implementation of the plan , called the Lower Manhattan Security Initiative , will require about $ 90 million , New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . It will cost about $ 8 million a year to maintain . The city so far has raised about $ 25 million . Part of it has come from the Homeland Security Department and the rest from city coffers . Kelly said the money being spent on the system is well worth it . "  The 1.7 square miles of lower Manhattan are arguably one of the most valuable and sensitive pieces of real estate in the world , " he said during a telephone interview . The area includes the New York Stock Exchange , the Mercantile Stock Exchange , the Brooklyn Bridge , and the site where the World Trade Center once stood and where the Freedom Tower is being built . The system has four components : license plate readers , surveillance cameras , a coordination center and roadblocks that can swing into action when needed . The primary purpose of the system is deterrence , and then an investigative tool , Kelly said . The license plate readers will be in place by the end of the year . The rest of the plan is scheduled to be completed during the next two years . New York City already has many cameras located in its airports , banks , department stores and corporate buildings . The city 's law enforcement uses them when needed as part of a public-private partnership , Kelly said . Such partnerships can be found in many cities across the United States , including Washington D.C. ; Atlanta , Georgia ; Baltimore , Maryland ; and Chicago , Illinois . Baltimore police officials told CNN the city had 500 cameras and crime was reduced by 17 percent in neighborhoods where they are located . "  The feedback from the community has been fantastic , and in fact , most people want cameras in their neighborhoods , " said Maj. Dave Engel of the Baltimore Police Department . Atlanta Police Deputy Chief Peter Andresen said the city had applied for federal funding to implement a surveillance camera system of its own . Atlanta has a public-private partnership in several of its neighborhoods that gives police access to cameras , he said . He recalled a drug deal being busted because someone monitoring a camera grew suspicious of two cars idling in a parking lot with their hoods up for a long time . "  We feel that -LSB- the cameras -RSB- go a long way toward preventing crime , " he said . But Steve Swain , who served for years with the London Metropolitan Police and its counter-terror operations , doubts the power of cameras to deter crime . "  I do n't know of a single incident where CCTV has actually been used to spot , apprehend or detain offenders in the act , " he said , referring to the London system . Swain now works for Control Risk , an international security firm . Asked about their role in possibly stopping acts of terror , he said pointedly : "  The presence of CCTV is irrelevant for those who want to sacrifice their lives to carry out a terrorist act . " Kelly disagreed , pointing out that it is practically impossible to know what has been deterred . "  We do n't know acts that may have been planned that -- because of the surveillance and deterrence systems that are in place -- did not go forward . " Swain does believe the cameras have great value in investigation work . He also said they are necessary to reassure the public that law enforcement is being aggressive . "  You need to do this piece of theater so that if the terrorists are looking at you , they can see that you 've got some measures in place , " he said . Privacy advocates said they are concerned about the possible abuse of surveillance power . Donna Lieberman , the executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union , said she was alarmed by the prospect of government and law enforcement officials having records of a person 's daily activities . "  It was n't that long ago that J. Edgar Hoover was up to his dirty tricks using government spying to interfere with lawful dissent , undermine critics and pursue an unlawful agenda , " she said . However , police officials repeatedly note there is no expectation of privacy in a public area and it is not a constitutional right . A majority of Americans said they approved of the use of surveillance cameras by nearly a 3 to 1 margin in a recently published ABC News/Washington Post poll . Jeffery Rosen , a professor at George Washington University and the author of two books on privacy issues , said the poll reflected the fact that "  the arguments against the cameras tend to be abstract , whereas people 's desire for security is understandable and immediate . " "  But I think many people can understand life would be different in a world where , literally , government authorities could click on pictures of you at any point in the day and retrace your movements 24/7 , " he said . Lieberman said privacy is not a quaint notion despite a rapidly changing world . "  Technology is an unstoppable train , " she said . "  The question is whether we can maximize the benefits and minimize the harms . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Joe Johns contributed to this report .	Initiative calls for network of cameras in lower Manhattan Plan similar to vast network in London called "  Ring of Steel " All components scheduled to be completed by decade 's end
CNN  -- In the year since Steve Jobs ' death , Apple has undergone a gradual and subtle brand makeover , shaking off some of the more unpleasant characteristics associated with Jobs and taking on bits of the personality of its new leader , Tim Cook . For all his brilliance at product design , Jobs showed little interest in glad-handing with Apple partners or investors . By contrast , Apple from the outside has appeared more open under Cook , thanks to a number of orchestrated meetings and trips meant to appeal to the various factions -- consumers , investors and politicians -- interested in the world 's leading tech company . In May , Cook went to Washington to meet with congressional leaders to open lines of communication that were mostly blocked in previous years . Apple was no stranger to lobbying  although it spends far less than some other Silicon Valley companies , like Google  , but sending Cook was a way of letting politicians know Apple was ready to grow its relationship with Capitol Hill and that the company might take a stronger interest in policy issues in the future . Apple also has worked harder to woo Wall Street . There was a bus tour of investors that stopped at Apple headquarters in Cupertino , California , where they were treated to cookies and a presentation by Apple 's chief financial officer . A more sizable act of goodwill was the cash dividend Apple paid out to investors -- the first in 17 years . On a call with investors in February , Cook answered questions , cracked jokes and was generally open and friendly . Did Apple 's fanboy fever peak with Steve Jobs ? After an outcry over working conditions at the factories of Apple 's manufacturing partners , most notably Foxconn , Cook took swift action . He took a trip to China and toured a Foxconn plant in person . Apple also allowed the Fair Labor Association to do a thorough audit of conditions at the China factories , and Apple vowed to improve pay and hours . The most recent display of the company 's shift in tone was its reaction to the bungled iOS 6 Maps app . The new Maps app crafted in-house by Apple to replace Google Maps on iPhones and iPads was riddled with flaws , from missing features to misplaced businesses , landmarks and even towns . A week after the phone hit stores , Cook apologized for the map publicly and , with surprising humility , even pointed customers to competing products . Some pundits compared his swift and contrite reaction to a terse and rare public apology from Jobs more than a month after complaints over the iPhone 4 's antenna erupted in 2010 . Who is the next Steve Jobs  and is there one  ? Cook 's mea culpa is just the latest demonstration of how he , and by extension Apple , is different from Jobs and the Jobs era at the company . Cook comes off as having a far more relaxed and approachable personality , and he is less inclined to be the center of attention . His product announcements are not one-man shows , but presentations shared with other Apple executives . He is still discovering his own style -- a tricky undertaking given the abnormal amounts of scrutiny that follow Apple 's every move . A recent article by Bloomberg Businessweek , citing interviews with current and former Apple executives , employees and partners , states "  the company is happier and even somewhat more transparent than it was during Jobs ' tenure ... There are fewer frantic calls at midnight , and there 's less implicit pressure on engineers to cut short or cancel vacations in the heat of product development cycles . " Cook recently announced that most Apple employees at company headquarters will get the week of Thanksgiving off with pay , according to reports . Unfortunately for Apple 's soft-spoken chief executive , he has been incessantly compared to his predecessor after every presentation , successes and failures . "  To simply put Steve Jobs on some sort of pedestal and say Apple could do no wrong under Steve 's leadership is wrong , " said Gartner analyst Michael Gartenberg . Remember Ping , Apple 's failed attempt at a social network centered around music ? Cook has not launched any bold new products in the past 12 months . So far , the company has only released minor updates of popular products , like speedier laptops , the new Mac operating system , the refreshed iPod line and the new , taller iPhone 5 . They 've all been met with solid reviews  Maps app aside  and sold well . Apple has gone on to become the most valuable company in history . A year ago on October 4 , Apple stock closed at $ 381.80 a share . On Wednesday , it closed at $ 671.45 . But by staying the course , Cook has raised some concerns that he may lack the imagination and the bold ability to conjure up mind-blowing new products , which was Jobs ' hallmark . Cook 's last major responsibility was decidedly left-brained : streamlining Apple 's supply chain . Some question how much credit for Apple 's recent financial success should go Cook and how much is residual carryover from Jobs ' regime . He prepared the company and its executives to carry on his vision and spent years grooming staff and setting up Apple to continue on seamlessly without him . Is it any surprise that it 's continued to do so well ? Your thoughts on the next Steve Jobs Gartenberg says that while Jobs gave the appearance of being entirely in control , he did not in fact design each new device single-handedly . Apple has about 12,000 employees in the United States , not counting retail and support staff . It is a large , well-oiled machine that knows how to design and sell beautiful products that consumers want . "  The company is on cruise control , " said Tero Kuittinen , an analyst at Alekstra . Kuittinen thinks the recent Maps kerfuffle could have a material impact on Apple and iPhone sales down the line , but we wo n't know until 2013 . Early stats -- like moving 5 million iPhones 5s in the first weekend of sales -- ca n't foretell what 's going to happen at the end of a model 's life cycle . "  Apple has a huge amount of good will among consumers . They 've started eating away at that , " said Kuittinen , referring to the Map app problems . Kuittinen believes the big decisions that will define Cook are still yet to come . Some are decisions Jobs never made , such as whether to drop the price of the iPhone to be competitive in emerging markets . Cook has already proven that he is aggressive about international sales . The iPhone 5 will be in 100 countries at the end of this year -- a far speedier and more expansive roll out than previous Apple devices . It 's still too early for anyone to predict Cook 's long-term success or failure , observers say . And the true impact of Jobs ' absence wo n't be known for two years or more . "  The biggest challenge Apple has is not product , " Gartenberg said . "  They are going to have to manage this legend of Steve Jobs . "	In the year since Steve Jobs ' death , Tim Cook has subtly altered Apple 's image Concerted efforts have been made to reach out to investors and Washington Tim Cook 's quieter , more approachable style is setting a new tone at the company
CNN  -- Hawaii 's Garden Isle , Kauai , may appear to run on a different clock than the rest of the world -- unless you happen to glance at those 24 timepieces lining the west wall of the island 's Lihu'e Airport departure lobby in three neat rows . Then , for however many seconds you wish to suspend your whole notion of time , it 's the exact same hour , minute and second everywhere on the planet . In Belfast and Bhopal . Rio de Janeiro and Reykjavik . Mogadishu and Santo Domingo . And according to several other location-specific clocks straying from the usual Tokyo-Paris-New York scheme . "  When you look at these clocks it 's a little bit odd , " says Parker Croft , a Kauai-based architect , farmer and the creator of "  Time for One World , " an international art exhibit that aims to dispel , however momentarily , the whole divided  and delusive  notion of multiple times around the globe . Inspired by Einstein ... and Y2K Launched at Vermont 's Burlington International Airport , the exhibit was conceived by Croft while working as a college professor in New England . "  It was 1999 , shortly before the millennium change , and I was fascinated by that whole Y2K furor going on , " recalls Croft . "  It led me into researching what time is really all about and how -- as Einstein poignantly put it -- time is ` man 's most pervasive illusion . ' " The world 's time zones , notes Croft , are "  currently based on political borders and outdated views of travel , commerce and communications . Divisions that are often illogical . " To address the point , the architect designed an alternative artistic model of a single , shared 24-hour cycle worldwide , which "  challenges us to relax our preconceived notions of structures that are contrived and artificial . " One universe . One world . One time . In Croft 's model , time would be re-calibrated biannually on the equinoxes  fall and spring  . Leap Year adjustments would be replaced by a brief semi-annual time stoppage  about three hours  , a "  free time " recess dedicated to a worldwide celebration of humanity and relationships . Can you imagine that ? Could John Lennon even imagine that ? Wounded Knee , Hiroshima , Falkland Islands represented The overall effect of 24 oddly labeled clocks evoking universal time "  can be unsettling for some -- even threatening , " says Croft . In fact , the curious clocks of Kauai serve to achieve the opposite . To unite and embrace . "  We are a planet that is joined in the beat of a single heartbeat , " says Croft . "  And that heartbeat is best appreciated when it 's recognized and celebrated . " Travelers glancing at the distinctive Lihu'e Airport clocks , installed more than a decade ago  the installation is on long-term loan to the Lihu'e Airport , says Croft , but is n't necessarily permanent  have plenty to get their time-addled heads around before their flight departs . There are no numbers on the clocks , which are divided into 24-hour faces instead of twelve , with each clock displaying the exact same time in perfect sync . Then there are the 24 locations labeled below each clock -- selected from 24 separate 15-degree segments of the Earth 's surface , and all associated with important historical events . Ross Ice Shelf . Falkland Islands . Bikini Atoll . Watts . Not your typical wall clock reference points . Auschwitz is written in Polish . Hiroshima in Japanese . Tiananmen Square in Mandarin . Non-Sioux speakers will wonder where the clock labeled Cankpe O  Wounded Knee  refers to -- which is just the point . Some references should be obvious enough  Chernobyl  . Others , like San Francisco  Summer of Love ?  or Ahmedhabad  hint : Gandhi  or Injinoo may require personal interpretation or the services of Google . Which is also the point . "  The inspiration for independent research is an important part of this mission , " notes Croft . "  The viewer 's participation is critical . " A world without leap year In a world as troubled and triumphant as this one , sliced into manufactured time zones that accentuate distance over connection , the presence of 24 perfectly synchronized world clocks beating as one in a small South Pacific airport might , at the very least , give travelers a moment 's pause . And beyond that ? Are there fans of Croft 's suggestion to just stop time for three hours in the spring and fall ? "  I do n't think anyone takes it that seriously as a proposal , " says Croft with a laugh . "  But there are certainly fans of the art installation who take the notion of stopping to celebrate humanity quite seriously . "  Personally , " he adds , "  I think it would be a big improvement over New Year 's Eve . "	Kauai 's Lihu'e Airport is home to a unique collection of world clocks Each clock shows the time in locations with historic significance The installation is brainchild of a former university professor and current architect
CNN  -- Brazil warmed up for next month 's clash against Argentina with a 2-0 win over Ukraine in another friendly international on Monday night . Dani Alves and Alexandre Pato scored in each half to give coach Mano Menezes his third successive victory since taking over from Dunga following a disappointing World Cup campaign in South Africa . It was the first defeat in four matches for Ukraine 's temporary coach Yuriy Kalitvintsev , who took over in August when Myron Markevych resigned , and was a low-key affair attracting just 13,000 spectators . The Euro 2012 co-hosts thought they had equalized just before halftime in the match in Derby -- a city with the largest Ukrainian population in England -- but Oleksandr Aliev 's effort was ruled out . It was a successful return to the country for new Brazil captain Robinho , one of two survivors from the World Cup quarterfinal defeat by the Netherlands along with Alves , following his move from Manchester City to AC Milan . Alves and Pato both scored in last Thursday 's 3-0 win over Iran in Abu Dhabi , and the Barcelona rightback broke the deadlock in the 25th minute when he volleyed home Robinho 's cross past goalkeeper Andriy Dykan thanks to a deflection off Oleksandr Romanchuk . AC Milan forward Pato hit the post 10 minutes later as Ukraine were not punished for losing possession , with strike partner Carlos Eduardo firing over the bar from the rebound . Ukraine were missing veteran Andriy Shevchenko up front , but almost leveled when Aliev had the ball in the net only for the goal to be disallowed due to an off-the-ball incident involving Artem Milevskiy . Ruslan Rotan hit the post from distance five minutes after the break , but Brazil doubled the lead in the 64th minute when Pato took Eduardo 's low cross , turned his man and fired past Dykan . Brazil next face an Argentina team reeling from a first-ever defeat by Japan in Tokyo last week , with the match to be played in Doha , Qatar on November 17 . Argentina will next year host the Copa America tournament , with Brazil seeking to defend the title . In Monday 's other international , Jamaica defeated Caribbean rivals Trinidad and Tobago 1-0 in Kingston thanks to a 19th-minute penalty from New York Red Bulls striker Dane Richards . Richards scored his second international goal after Eric Vernan was fouled as Jamaica followed up the 3-1 win in Macoya in August in the home-and-away series .	Dani Alves and Alexandre Pato score in second consecutive match for Brazil South Americans defeat Ukraine 2-0 in friendly played in English city of Derby Coach Mano Menezes guides team to third consecutive win ahead of Argentina clash Jamaica beat Trinidad and Tobago 1-0 in Monday 's other international friendly
CNN  -- Gas prices have plummeted 46 cents a gallon over the past two months , according to a survey released Sunday . "  This has been a true price crash , " said Trilby Lundberg , publisher of the Lundberg Survey . The average price of a gallon of regular gasoline is $ 3.38 , down nearly a dime over the past three weeks , Lundberg said . "  This crash began back when refining problems around the country were being fixed , one after the other , at the same time that our seasonal gasoline demand was shrinking , " she said . Crude oil prices have also dropped after having risen steadily . Prices at the pump should drop even more in the coming days , as refiners cut how much they 're charging distributors and retailers , Lundberg said . The national average is about 8 cents higher than the average a year ago . The survey tallies prices at thousands of gas stations nationwide . Long Island , New York , had the highest average in the latest survey , at $ 3.85 . The lowest average was in Memphis , Tennessee , at $ 3.04 . Here are average prices in some other cities : • Boston - $ 3.59 • Baltimore - $ 3.34 • Atlanta - $ 3.27 • Baton Rouge , Louisiana • - $ 3.11 • St. Louis - $ 3.05 • Salt Lake City - $ 3.40 • Los Angeles - $ 3.68	Fixed refining problems , shrinking demand , lower crude oil prices bring gas prices down A further drop is expected in the coming days , the publisher of the Lundberg Survey says Long Island , New York , had the highest average in the latest survey Memphis , Tennessee , had the lowest average
Devyani Khobragade , the Indian diplomat at the heart of a dispute that has strained ties between New Delhi and Washington , is on her way back to India from the United States , officials said . American authorities ' arrest and strip-search of Khobragade , the former Indian deputy consul general in New York , set off a storm of anger in India last month . U.S. prosecutors accuse her of lying in a visa application about how much she paid her housekeeper . She was indicted this week by a federal grand jury on one count of visa fraud and one count of making false statements . But the Indian government denied a request by the State Department to waive Khobragade 's diplomatic immunity so she can answer the charges , U.S. and Indian officials said . India said Friday that it had transferred her to the Ministry of External Affairs in New Delhi . "  At the time of her departure for India , Counsellor Khobragade reiterated her innocence on charges filed against her , " the ministry said in a statement . It was unclear when exactly she would arrive in India . Khobragade "  affirmed her determination to ensure that the episode would not leave a lasting impact on her family , in particular , her children , who are still in the United States , " the ministry said . Tensions have escalated between India and the United States over the December arrest and treatment of Khobragade , with New Delhi demanding Washington apologize and drop charges accusing her of lying on a visa application for her former housekeeper . Allegations denied Federal prosecutors allege Khobragade promised in the visa application under which her housekeeper moved from India to the United States to pay her at least $ 9.75 per hour , the minimum wage in New York , and to require she work no more than 40 hours per week . They allege that Khobragade then had the housekeeper , Sangeeta Richard , sign a second contract , which paid her less than $ 3.31 per hour and required that she work much longer hours . Khobragade 's lawyers have repeatedly said she is not guilty and is entitled to diplomatic immunity . "  She is pleased to be returning to her country , " her attorney Dan Arshack said Thursday . "  Her head is held high . " Khobragade "  did not make any false statements and she paid her domestic worker what she was entitled to be paid , " he said . Diplomatic status Arshack said Khobragade and her legal team were pleased that the State Department had done "  the right thing " Thursday by recognizing her diplomatic status . U.S. officials had previously said Khobragade was entitled to consular immunity , which is less broad than diplomatic immunity and covers only actions carried out under official duties . Khobragade was India 's deputy consul general for political , economic , commercial and women 's affairs . But after her arrest , Indian officials appointed her as counsellor at the country 's permanent mission to the United Nations in New York . Through that post , she was accorded "  the privileges and immunities of a diplomatic envoy , " the Indian Ministry of External Affairs said . Two senior U.S. officials said that the State Department had no choice but to grant Khobragande full diplomatic immunity once she was accredited to the United Nations because she did not pose a national security threat , which is the only reason for which , in very rare cases , immunity is denied . When India refused the U.S. request to waive the immunity so that she could face the charges against her , she had to leave the country , the officials said . Pressure from New Delhi India has expressed outrage over the arrest of Khobragade , who was handcuffed and strip-searched by federal agents on December 12 after a complaint filed by Richard . Secretary of State John Kerry expressed "  regret " about the situation last month , but stopped short of saying authorities had done anything wrong . U.S. law enforcement officials have said that Khobragade 's strip-search was standard procedure and that she received a number of privileges not usually accorded to defendants . Amid the uproar , Indian authorities removed concrete barriers from outside the U.S. Embassy and took away American diplomats ' identification cards . That was followed recently by an order that the United States shut down "  commercial activities " at a recreational facility at the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi . The U.S. Embassy should halt the activities at the property by January 16 , an Indian external affairs official said Thursday . The property houses a bowling alley , swimming pool and gym . The multipurpose club in the embassy compound was used by nondiplomats , Indian officials said , accusing the U.S. of contravening an article of the Vienna Convention . Father 's anger Khobragade 's father supported India 's order that the U.S. Embassy shut down what it said were commercial activities on the mission 's premises . "  The charges against her are atrocious , and the treatment meted out to her inhuman , " Uttam Khobragade said Thursday . As the diplomatic fallout deepened , U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz delayed a trip to India that had been planned for next week . "  We have been in conversation with Indian counterparts about the dates , and we have agreed to hold the dialogue in the near future at a mutually convenient date , " an Energy Department official said . Human rights activists say India 's anger about the strip search misses the bigger issue . They say the mistreatment of domestic workers is a widespread and often overlooked problem worldwide . Officials from both nations have repeatedly said that they hope the issue does not undermine their relations .	Devyani Khobragade reiterated her innocence as she left the U.S. , India says She is "  pleased to be returning to her country , " her attorney says She has been indicted on federal counts of visa fraud and making false statements India 's deputy consul general in New York was strip-searched after her arrest
CNN  -- You do n't need to be a teenage boy to realize how scary girls can be . Girls know it too . Megan Fox plays a demonic cheerleader in "  Jennifer 's Body , " written by Diablo "  Juno " Cody . Certainly Diablo Cody does . The Academy Award-winning "  Juno " scribe proves as much in her second screenplay , a horror comedy about BFFs Jennifer  Megan Fox  and Needy  Amanda Seyfried  . These bosom buddies have a relationship that stretches back to the sandbox . They 're inseparable opposites : Jennifer is a babe , head cheerleader and a bit of a snot . Needy is nerdy , conventional and a soft touch . Except that when we first meet her , she 's locked up in the local mental hospital , kicking back at the guards and muttering darkly about the murders that put her here . Looking back , she dates this disastrous turn of events to the day Jennifer talked her into seeing an up-and-coming indie band at the roadhouse . The gig ends in a deadly inferno that claims the lives of several schoolmates , then Jennifer drives off with the band for an al fresco after-party involving satanic rites and virgin sacrifice . She survives on a technicality , but shows up later that night at Needy 's place covered in blood , barfing blue goo and craving fresh flesh . In the days after the tragedy the entire school seems to be suffering from post-traumatic stress . Only Jennifer seems unfazed by the community 's second sucker punch : the gruesome fate of the star quarterback in the woods . What 's a girl to do if her best friend turns into a heartless boy-eating demon ? Needy cleans up the mess and hopes it 's just a phase . The last time a horror flick tried for a distinctly female point of view the result was "  Twilight , " which was more of a wan gothic romance than a chiller . Directed by Karyn Kusama , who made "  Girlfight " and "  Aeon Flux , " "  Jennifer 's Body " is n't anything like that . It 's a much edgier , snappier , bloodier film , aimed primarily at young hipsters and horror fans -- plus anyone else curious to see Megan Fox get nasty .  That 's got to include a sizable chunk of the audience , surely ? So smoldering hot that at one point she coolly sets fire to her tongue , Fox makes a convincing vixen , callously picking up victims whenever her luster begins to fade . It 's not hard to imagine she can have anyone who takes her fancy -- even Needy is not immune to her charms . Ironically , though , Jennifer is really the needy one here , while her friend eventually finds the self-possession to stand up to her . Similarly , you might come for Fox , but it 's Amanda Seyfried 's expressive range and toughness that leaves a more lasting impression . The "  Mamma Mia " starlet is destined for good things . iReport.com : Share your review of "  Jennifer 's Body " The bitingly smart , funny teen-speak is carried over from "  Juno , " along with sharp pop culture references and a sassy feminist attitude , but the million-dollar question has to be : Is it scary ? Only occasionally , I 'm afraid . The gore scenes come with weird little flourishes : Jennifer 's mounting body count attracts a crowd of curious woodland creatures , sounding a sweetly sick echo of "  Bambi , " and a climactic showdown is set in a spectacularly fetid abandoned swimming pool  do n't they drain those things ?  . But the jokiness does tend to undercut the terror . I suspect the film will prove too freaky for "  Juno " boosters , and could have used more straight-ahead scares and sustained suspense to appease the hardcore horror geeks . That said , this entertainingly oddball offering does twist fresh kinks into a genre that 's always crying out for new blood . "  Jennifer 's Body " is rated R and runs 102 minutes .	"  Jennifer 's Body " is a horror winner with doses of comedy , says Tom Charity Film stars Megan Fox as a cheerleader who turns demonic Amanda Seyfried , playing Fox 's friend , provides movie 's standout performance "  Jennifer 's Body " was written by "  Juno 's " Diablo Cody
CNN  -- The attorney for George Zimmerman says he is confident his motion to have a Florida judge removed from his client 's case will be granted . "  I think she 's going to go ahead and grant it and move the case on to another judge , " Mark O'Mara , the lawyer , said Monday night . Zimmerman 's defense team formally requested Monday that Seminole Circuit Judge Jessica Recksiedler , the Florida judge assigned to their client 's case , be removed after she revealed her husband works with a CNN legal analyst . O'Mara 's office filed paperwork Monday asking that Recksiedler not preside over second-degree murder proceedings involving Zimmerman and the motion to "  disqualify " the trial judge "  will be ruled on in the appropriate manner , " a court official said . Zimmerman , a 28-year-old neighborhood watch volunteer , fatally shot teenager Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida , February 26 , a killing he has said was in self-defense . Since then , the case has stirred civil rights activists nationwide and drawn intense publicity . Bill Cosby : Guns , not race , key issue in Martin case Recksiedler is assigned to the Zimmerman case . But on Friday , she said she would entertain motions to disqualify her from the trial because her husband is a law partner of Mark NeJame , an attorney whom Zimmerman approached about representing him and has since widely commented on the case in the media . NeJame is now a CNN contributor , providing analysis on this case . NeJame told CNN that Zimmerman "  contacted my office , attempting to reach me , and wanted to hire me to represent him " on March 13 . One of his law partners relayed that request to NeJame , who declined . He explained later that he knew how taking on "  big national cases  can  take a lot out of you " and wanted to have more time to spend with his children . "  I decided simply not to , " the Orlando lawyer said . A friend of Zimmerman 's later repeated the request in a direct conversation with NeJame early last week , just as lawyers Hal Uhrig and Craig Sonner said they 'd no longer represent Zimmerman . By then , NeJame noted he 'd been hired by CNN to serve as an analyst . NeJame again said he could not represent Zimmerman and offered the names of five lawyers -- topped by O'Mara -- who might be considered instead . "  They said Mark is the one we want , I put them together , and they took it from there , " said NeJame . He acknowledged Tuesday , "  it 's an appearance of a conflict , an appearance of an impropriety " for Recksiedler to preside over the case . But , he said he thought she did nothing improper by waiting for a request from attorneys instead of offering to recuse herself first . "  I do n't think she did anything out of the ordinary for this extraordinary situation , " he said . Meanwhile , news media organizations , including CNN , petitioned Recksiedler Monday to reverse an order sealing court records in Zimmerman 's prosecution . Prosecutors did not object when Zimmerman 's attorneys asked Recksiedler to seal records last week . The judge ordered the court filings and other records sealed "  without giving the public and press an opportunity to oppose closure , " the media said in its motion . Florida law requires a judge to consider whether the records closure is needed to "  prevent a serious and imminent threat " to justice , the media members argued . The court must also find that there is no alternative to sealing the records that would provide a fair trial and that the action would not be "  broader than necessary to accomplish this purpose , " they said . Older brother : Trayvon was a happy teen In addition to CNN , several broadcasting and newspaper companies -- including the publishers of USA Today , the Miami Herald and The New York Times -- are part of the effort to unseal the documents . O'Mara said Monday that he favors keeping documents sealed in this case in large part because of concerns that witnesses might be contacted and in danger if certain information is released . "  Our  overall philosophy  is  to keep the information flow concentrated within the court system , " he told CNN . "  It 's much better handled there . " As to his client , O'Mara said he speaks "  at least a couple times a day " with Zimmerman , whom he described as doing well physically but "  frightened . " Zimmerman is scheduled to return to court Friday for a bail hearing . O'Mara says he hopes his client will be eligible for bond after that hearing and eventually be allowed to go free until the trial . If he does get out , though , the lawyer said there are legitimate fears about Zimmerman 's safety . "  There have been a lot of emotions that have come forward in this case , and some of those emotions have shown themselves in bad ways , " O'Mara said .	The judge in the case is connected to a CNN analyst Mark O'Mara describes his client , George Zimmerman , as "  frightened " Media outlets are asking that documents in the case be unsealed
Georgia authorities have arrested 14 people they accuse of traveling with the intent to have sex with children , including a suburban Atlanta elementary school principal , according to CNN affiliates and school system officials . "  I was notified  Sunday  that Mt. Carmel Elementary School Principal John McGill was arrested this weekend and is under investigation , " said Douglas County School Superintendent Gordon Pritz . McGill has been suspended pending the state investigation , and the school system is cooperating with police , he said . The principal was released on a $ 50,000 bond Tuesday and was told to have no contact with minors unless they were family members -- and those visits must be supervised -- and to not use the Internet for pornography , his attorney , Mac Pilgrim , said . The Georgia Bureau of Investigation 's sting targeted "  persons who communicate with children on-line and then travel to meet them for the purpose of having sex , " a news release said . It continued , "  Online child predators visit chat rooms and websites on the Internet , find children , begin conversations with them , introduce sexual content and arrange a meeting with the children for the purpose for having sex . " Before taking the job at Mt. Carmel , McGill was the principal at two other schools -- one in the Douglas County system , the other out of state , said county schools spokeswoman Karen Stroud . McGill has worked for the county since 2004 , she said . The principal was arrested Sunday and charged with electronic pornography and violation of the Child Exploitation Prevention Act of 1999 , the GBI said . Pilgrim said his client 's cell phone was confiscated as evidence when he was arrested . Pilgrim said Monday he had spoken to McGill 's wife , but not McGill , so he could n't say how he intended to plead in the case . The GBI says that McGill and 13 others were arrested over a four-day period as part of Operation Broken Heart , a sting involving 37 local , state and federal law enforcement agencies . "  The operation took months of planning . The arrestees , ranging in age from 21 to 64 , traveled from all parts of northern Georgia with the intent to meet a child for sex . Some of their occupations included educator , engineer , laborer , salesman , business owner , software developer , and a musician , " a GBI news release said . Police chief arrested on child pornography charges Ex-teacher accused of child pornography caught in Nicaragua Burglar finds child sex abuse on tapes he took , points out suspect	Principal released on $ 50,000 bond , is told to stay away from children Sting targeted people who found children online , arrange to have sex , GBI says Douglas County , Georgia , principal arrested in state police sting , reports say Attorney : Principal 's phone confiscated as evidence when he was arrested
After killing a man at an Ohio Walmart , police interrogated his girlfriend , accusing her of lying , threatening her with jail time and suggesting she could be on drugs , according to a video obtained by CNN . The man , John Crawford III , was holding an air rifle he had picked up off a store shelf when police shot him . A prosecutor called the case a "  perfect storm " with "  no bad guys , " but the family has said police used excessive force . A grand jury decided not to indict the officer who pulled the trigger in the August 5 shooting at a Walmart store in Beavercreek , Ohio . While the Justice Department investigates the case , Crawford 's name -- along with Michael Brown and Eric Garner -- is being chanted by some demonstrators across the country protesting what they say is systemic racism that fuels police violence . Now , the family 's lawyer says the recently released interrogation video shows police were trying to force Crawford 's girlfriend to say something to justify what they 'd done . "  This was just an effort to cover up this bad shooting , " attorney Michael Wright said . Family of man killed sues police , Walmart Tense interrogation In the interrogation video , which was first posted on The Guardian 's website on Sunday , a police detective repeatedly presses Crawford 's tearful girlfriend , asking her where Crawford got the gun he had in the store . "  You understand that we 're investigating a serious incident , " Detective Rodney Curd says . "  You lie to me and you might be on your way to jail . " "  I swear to God , on my job , my family , on everything I love , " Tasha Thomas replies , telling the detective repeatedly that she never saw Crawford with a weapon and that she 'll take a polygraph test to prove it . As she cries , the detective appears unconvinced . "  Why would he have a gun in the store ? " he asks . "  I do n't know , " she replies . "  Did he carry a gun ? " the detective continues . "  Not that I. ... I 've never known him to have a gun , " she says . Her response appears to upset the detective . "  Do n't tell me , ` not that you know , ' because that 's the first thing that I realize that somebody 's not telling me the truth , when they say that kind of stuff , " Curd says . At one point in the video , Thomas sobs as she buries her head in her hands . The detective says he 'll write down her testimony but then asks whether she 's under the influence of drugs or alcohol . "  Your eyes are kind of messed up looking and you seem a little lethargic at times , " he says , "  and I do n't know if it 's because you 're upset or not . I just want to make sure what 's going on . " It 's not until the end of the 90-minute interrogation that Thomas learns her boyfriend has died . "  Well , to let you know , John has passed away as a result of this , " the detective says . Thomas sinks back in her chair and puts her hands on her head . "  I do n't know any other way to tell you , " Curd says . "  What happened there was n't a good thing and as a result of his actions , he is gone . " Detective : ' I was very direct in my questions ' Police have not responded to several requests from CNN for comment on the video . In a statement officials released in September , Curd describes his questioning of Thomas at the police department . "  The initial information I had was that  Crawford  may have brought a gun into the store with him . So I was very direct in my questions that I was having problems believing she would have not seen him bring a gun into the store , " he wrote . "  She became emotional during the interview and started crying , saying that she is not lying , she will take a lie detector test and do whatever she needs to do . " In his report , Curd wrote that it was only later when he was at the Walmart that he learned where the gun came from . "  I also learned while on scene that the rifle involved was a pellet gun that was taken from a box while he was inside the store , " he wrote . "  This would also agree with the statement that she made that he did not take any type of firearm out of her car into the store with him . " Attorney : Interrogation shows police ` tried to cover it up ' Wright on Tuesday said his legal team filed a federal civil lawsuit against two police officers ; Beavercreek 's police chief ; the city of Beavercreek and its police department ; and Walmart . The Crawford family is seeking at least $ 75,000 in compensatory damages and an unstated amount for punitive damages , the suit said . The family alleges , among other things , that the police officers did not do due diligence to determine that Wright was n't a threat ; that the officers did n't give him enough time to put down the weapon ; and that Walmart was negligent because the air rifle had been resting on a shelf , unpackaged , for at least two days , the family 's lawyers said Tuesday . Wright said police knew Crawford did n't have a firearm when he walked into the Walmart . "  He was not an imminent threat to anyone . He was just shopping , " he said . After the grand jury decided in September not to indict the police officers who were involved in the shooting , prosecutor Mark Piepmeier said a "  perfect storm of circumstances " led to Crawford 's death and noted that the air gun bore a strong resemblance to an actual automatic weapon . "  It is very hard to tell the difference , " Piepmeier said . Police responded to the scene after a witness called 911 and told dispatchers that Crawford was walking around with a rifle and "  waving it back and forth . " According to police , when officers arrived , Crawford did not comply with their commands to drop his weapon . And the Crawford family 's lawyers say police did n't give him enough time to put down the weapon . But Wright said that because Crawford was black , police made assumptions . "  The officers ran into an aisle , saw a black man with what they perceived to be a gun , and shot him on sight , " he said . The interrogation video , he said , shows how police handled the case from day one . "  They , in their mind , had it made up that Mr. Crawford was a criminal , and they proceeded based on that without doing anything to independently corroborate what was actually happening in the store , " he said . "  And they tried to cover it up by interrogating Miss Thomas in such a manner to try to get her to make a statement that would justify them shooting and killing Mr. Crawford that evening . " Opinion : Killing of John Crawford -- injustice for all	Police shot dead John Crawford III at an Ohio Walmart in August The case has drawn national attention amid protests over racism and police violence A detective interrogated Crawford 's girlfriend after the shooting Attorney : Video of questioning shows police tried to "  cover up " a "  bad shooting "
CNN  -- What 's next in Syria 's civil war ? The answer will have major implications on Syria 's neighbors and the Middle East . The Sunni monarchy of Saudi Arabia is among the most prominent countries backing the Syrian opposition . Meanwhile , Iran -- the Shiite Islamic republic across the Persian Gulf -- casts itself and its allies in Damascus as part of an "  Axis of Resistance " to domination of the region by outsiders . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has warned that "  enemies are striving to waste Muslim governments and nations ' energy and wealth by pushing them to fight one another , " Iran 's state-run news agency IRNA reported . So what 's at stake for Syria 's neighbors ? The Gulf monarchies The Saudis and some of the neighboring Persian Gulf states fear Iran 's push to develop nuclear technology and the spread of Tehran 's influence in the region . Bahrain 's rulers accused Iran of fomenting unrest among its majority Shiite population during a wave of anti-government protests in 2011 , but a government inquiry later found little evidence to support that contention . Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates dispatched forces to Bahrain to help bolster their smaller neighbor . Saudi King Abdullah said a year ago that there was "  no justification " for the Syrian crackdown . Saudi Arabia and Qatar are believed to be sending arms and assistance to the Syrian rebels , while the United States -- a leading ally of both countries -- has been providing nonlethal assistance . More : What options are left in Syria ? Lebanon Syria dominated Lebanon for much of its independence and kept troops there until 2005 . Now many fear its civil war threatens to upset the careful sectarian balance of Lebanese politics . Syria and Iran support Hezbollah , the anti-Israel Shiite militia that has become a powerful force in Lebanese society . But a large segment of the Lebanese population supports the rebels , and 36,000 Syrians have taken refuge in Lebanon since Bashar al-Assad 's government launched its crackdown on opposition in 2011 , according to U.N. figures . In addition , Lebanon still hosts more than 400,000 Palestinian refugees from the Arab-Israeli wars -- and tensions fueled by that refugee population helped spark the civil war that wracked the country from 1975 to 1990 . More : Clashes in Lebanon on ` Syria Street ' Iran Already facing intense pressure from sanctions aimed at making it halt its production of nuclear fuel , Tehran is strongly backing longtime allies in Damascus . As the leading Shiite power , it 's solidly behind al-Assad , a member of the minority Alawite sect , a Shiite offshoot . And the alliance with Syria allows Iran to project power from the Gulf to the Mediterranean , not only through Syria but via the Lebanese Shiite militia Hezbollah . Andrew Tabler , an analyst at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , calls Syria "  a keystone " for Iran . "  There is sort of a cold war taking place between the two sides , " Tabler told CNN in May . "  I think you can see that playing out in terms of Qatar , the United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia and Turkey clearly on the side of the opposition in Syria , while the Iranians are strongly backing the regime . What 's at stake is larger than what 's within Syria 's borders . " More : What 's Iran getting out of al-Assad support ? Turkey NATO member Turkey is hosting Syrian opposition groups and more than 50,000 refugees . It 's a vital link for the opposition , which brings in opposition fighters and weapons via Turkey . Turkey , meanwhile , has built up forces on its border after Syria shot down a Turkish fighter jet over the Mediterranean in June . The United States and Turkey are developing contingency plans for the possible collapse of al-Assad 's government , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said . And the Turks , who have battled Kurdish separatists in their southeast for decades , fear that movement may gain a foothold amid a power vacuum in Syria . The separatist Kurdistan Workers Party raised the movement 's flag over several ethnic Kurdish communities along the border , raising alarms in Ankara . Iraq In the last decade , hundreds of thousands of Iraqis fled to Syria amid sectarian warfare between Sunnis and Shiites and a persistent insurgency that followed the U.S. invasion of 2003 . American commanders blamed Syria for allowing fighters to pass through its territory and into Iraq to fight U.S. troops . Now , Syrian refugees are starting to take shelter in Iraq -- about 10,000 at the latest count -- and Western powers fear jihadist groups such as al Qaeda are moving across the porous border to battle al-Assad 's forces . The Iraqi government , now dominated by Shiite parties , is still battling the fundamentalist Sunni jihadists .	Syria 's crisis is bleeding into its neighbors The outcome will have deep influences on the region Saudi Arabia backs the rebels , while Iran supports the regime , for example
CNN  -- In life , Aaron Swartz was a force in creating today 's Web , helping write game-changing code in his early teens before turning his attentions to Internet activism . In death , an apparent suicide that came as he faced federal charges that could have sent him to prison for decades , he became a martyr of sorts -- a champion for a new generation of believers that the Web , and the information on it , deserve to be free . Now , his story is the subject of a documentary film being released Friday . "  The Internet 's Own Boy " is a look at Swartz 's life and untimely death at age 26 . For director Brian Knappenberger , it 's a tale that merges a captivating life story with a look at some of the most important legal , social and ethical issues of the digital age . "  On the one hand , it was a very compelling personal story that was just , by itself , inspirational and interesting but , ultimately tragic , " said Knappenberger . "  Then there 's this kind of sharp combination with the issues Aaron was involved in , which are really , really relevant for our time . "  I wanted to tell this personal , ultimately tragic , story that also touches on a broken criminal justice system , outdated computer laws " and other issues , he said in a phone interview . ` Digital savant and wise elder ' Swartz was a digital prodigy who helped craft the Internet we know today . By age 14 , he had co-written the specifications for RSS -- a Web-publishing system for delivering content from frequently updated sites like blogs . As a teen , he was one of the architects of Creative Commons , writing code for the nonprofit devoted to letting creators make their works available for others to share and improve upon . At 19 , after a single year at Stanford , he formed his own company , Infogami , which would merge with , and help create , Reddit -- the vast , freewheeling social-sharing site built on the foundation of free-expression and online anonymity . "  World wanderers , we have lost a wise elder . Hackers for right , we are one down , " said World Wide Web creator Tim Berners-Lee , in a tweet about the death of a man 31 years his junior . ' A legal nightmare ' On January 6 , 2011 , Swartz was arrested by police officers from MIT and charged with breaking and entering for downloading more than 4 million documents from a campus digital library . Federal prosecutors tacked on wire fraud , computer fraud and other charges . In all , Swartz faced up to 35 years in prison and a $ 1 million fine if convicted . Supporters note that none of the documents he acquired included sensitive personal data or would have netted Swartz any financial gain . JSTOR , the digital library from which the documents came , declined to press charges and asked prosecutors to drop the case . Two years later Swartz was found hanged to death in his Brooklyn apartment , just two days after prosecutors had turned down his lawyer 's second plea-bargain offer . "  He certainly was the kind of person who carried the weight of the world on his shoulders , " Knappenberger said . "  While he was rousing the troops for this political cause , he was also going through this kind of personal hell . " His film notes that friends described depression-like symptoms in Swartz and that he suffered from ulcerative colitis , a painful intestinal condition similar to the one suffered by Nirvana front man Kurt Cobain , who killed himself in 1994 . But Knappenberger feels it was the legal ordeal that pushed Swartz to his final desperate moments . "  I think it was the two-year legal nightmare that left him exhausted , emotionally and mentally , " he said . "  I do n't let the case off that easily . I think that , without this , we 'd still have him . " ' A beautifully crafted film ' "  The Internet 's Own Boy " was funded in part through a Kickstarter campaign and screened earlier this year at the Sundance and South by Southwest film festivals , where it got largely positive reviews . "  While the film borders on hagiography ... the celebration of what Swartz accomplished never feels forced or inauthentic , " wrote Geoff Berkshire in Variety . "  Instead , ` The Internet 's Own Boy ' is a beautifully crafted film that opens a window on a world not everyone has entered yet , and exposes ways in which both the legal system and the U.S. government is lagging hopelessly behind technology . " Katherine Kilkenny , writing for IndieWire , said one of the film 's running themes is the question of whether "  this generation 's programming magicians " will choose to use their power for purpose or profit . "  We often see stories of slight , sloppy-looking young coders like Swartz transformed into national icons by the tech industry , but rarely with such close attention to ethics , " she wrote . "  Knappenberger has delivered a film brimming with outrage . " It 's that sort of outrage that turned Swartz 's death into a cause celebre among Internet-freedom advocates . Tributes after death Multiple memorials were held for Swartz , from his hometown of Highland Park , Illinois , to Cooper Union in Manhattan to Capitol Hill , where attendees included U.S. senators and representatives who spoke out in favor of the freedom of information online . An online movement tagged #PDFtribute encouraged academics and others in the public sector to make their writings and other documents freely available online , and many did . Princeton University announced new scholarships in Swartz 's name . He was posthumously named to the Internet Hall of Fame , and members of the "  hacktivist " movement Anonymous hacked two MIT websites , posting calls that Swartz 's death become a rallying point for the open-access movement . "  That was part of the reason I was so drawn to it , " said Knappenberger , who had previously profiled Anonymous in the documentary "  We Are Legion : The Story of the Hacktivists . " "  There was obviously this big wave of anger and frustration and sympathy that came out of the Internet after he died that was notably not there during his case . "  It was n't just people who knew him . It was people from far beyond the online world where he was a celebrity . All kinds of people really responded to his story . " To those closest to him , the film is a bittersweet tribute . "  It 's extremely difficult for me to watch , " Aaron 's father , Robert Swartz , told CNN . "  I think that Brian has done a wonderful job presenting who Aaron was , where he came from , what he tried to accomplish , and what kind of role model he represents to others who can use those skills rather than simply making money as a means to improve the world and make the world a better place . " "  The Internet 's Own Boy " premiered Thursday in Los Angeles and begins rolling out to theaters in more than 25 cities on Friday . It is being released simultaneously in multiple digital formats , including on Creative Commons , where it will be made available for any use that does not involve making a profit from it . CNN 's Laurie Segall and Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	` The Internet 's Own Boy " explores life , death of Aaron Swartz Swartz was a digital savant helping create the Web at age 14 He died from apparent suicide facing decades in prison Filmmaker calls Swartz 's film a look at issues of digital age
CNN  -- Police in California arrested Wednesday a woman they said is suspected of killing a nursing student who was last seen in a hospital parking garage more than three months ago . Giselle Esteban , 27 , was arrested in Union City , California , Wednesday , Lt. Roger Keener of the Hayward Police Department told reporters . Evidence -- including blood stains , security camera footage , cell phone records and DNA found on a shoe -- led to Esteban 's arrest "  for the murder of Michelle Le , " Keener said . Esteban was arraigned on Wednesday afternoon and was listed as an inmate in an Alameda County jail without bail . Le , a 26-year-old nursing student , disappeared on May 27 after telling classmates at a hospital in Hawyard , California , that she was going to get something from her car , Keener said . She never returned and the abandoned vehicle was later found about a half-mile away . Investigators searched Esteban 's house shortly after Le disappeared . As part of that search , Keener said , they found Le 's DNA on one of Esteban 's shoes . Police have classified the case as a homicide , but her family has held out hope for her safe return , CNN affiliate KGO reported . Le 's family has offered a $ 100,000 reward for her return or for information on her whereabouts . "  At this point she is still missing and we will fight to bring her home every day until we have her with our family again , " cousin Krystine Dinh told reporters after police announced Esteban 's arrest Wednesday . Le 's 23-year-old brother , Michael , told reporters that Thursday will be his birthday -- a day his sister would always call him . "  I just want to hear her voice so badly , and the only thing I 'm going to be wishing for is for her to come back home , " he said . Keener pledged that police would continue their search . "  We will not consider this investigation to be complete until Michelle is found , " he said .	NEW : Police say DNA evidence found on a shoe helped lead to the suspect 's arrest NEW : Family members vow to keep searching for nursing student Michelle Le Le was last seen on May 27 in a hospital parking garage Police classify the case as a homicide , but family members have held out hope
CNN  -- In his first visit to Israel and the West Bank since assuming the White House , President Barack Obama ventures into a region of the world whose politics are layered and complex . As he meets with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Obama will address problems on many levels , including his chilly relationship with Netanyahu , Iran 's growing nuclear threat , Syria 's possible use of chemical arms and the elusive prospect of peace between Israel and the Palestinians . The to-do list is ambitious . Obama is n't expected to unveil a major peace plan , but the four-day visit will help define the two-term president 's legacy in the Mideast . 1 . Repairing personal politics Netanyahu and Obama sometimes have been at odds . Netanyahu was perceived by the Israeli left as supporting Obama 's opponent , Mitt Romney , in last fall 's election . Netanyahu 's administration also was perceived as slighting the Obama administration when Israel issued permits for settlement building while Vice President Joe Biden was visiting in 2010 . For Obama 's part , an open mike in 2011 caught his complaining about having to deal with Netanyahu , and Obama did n't meet with the Israeli leader when he visited the United States last fall . Obama cited a scheduling conflict . At the opening news conference Wednesday , both men were demonstrably friendly in exchanging handshakes . Israeli president : No doubt Obama has Israel 's back 2 . Iran 's nuclear program Netanyahu pressed Obama last year to draw a red line on Iran 's expanding nuclear program . Obama indicates he has wiggle room before Iran 's nuclear capacity crosses a line , and he is expected to urge Israel to give diplomacy more time . While open to that idea , Netanyahu adds that diplomacy has yet to deter Iran and will press Obama on committing to military options against Iran . Obama said Wednesday there was still time for a diplomatic resolution to the situation , but added that each country has to make "  the awesome decision to engage in any kind of military action " for itself . 3 . Syrian civil war As Obama began the trip in Israel , he reiterated his warning to Syria 's government that it would be held accountable for the use of chemical weapons "  or their transfer to terrorists . " The warning comes amid allegations by the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government and rebels that each used chemical weapons in recent fighting . "  We intend to investigate thoroughly exactly what happened , " Obama told reporters Wednesday during a joint news conference in Jerusalem with Netanyahu . Doubts expressed over chemical weapons claims in Syria The president said he was "  deeply skeptical " of Syrian government claims that the opposition had used chemical weapons . Obama has previously said Syria 's use of chemical weapons would cross a "  red line . " "  We have been very clear to the Assad regime -- but also to other players on the ground -- that a red line for us is , we start seeing a whole bunch of chemical weapons moving around or being utilized , " he told reporters . "  That would change my calculus ; that would change my equation . " 4 . Peace between Israel and Palestinians Expectations are zero that Obama will broker peace between Netanyahu and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas , who have yet to return to the negotiating table . Still , Obama will visit Ramallah in the West Bank and meet with Abbas and Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayyad -- if only to highlight the distance that remains for a two-state solution for Israel and the Palestinians . 5 . Beyond the visit After Obama visits Israel , the West Bank and then Jordan , new Secretary of State John Kerry will likely remain behind in Israel and meet with Netanyahu on Saturday , a senior State Department official told CNN . Kerry would review the results of Obama 's visit and discuss the next steps on key issues , the senior official said . Such a follow-up strategy would mark Kerry 's first foray into Mideast peace issues -- and could advance any success Obama achieves during his maiden visit to Jerusalem and the West Bank . Opinion : Obama 's Israel trip is about legacy	NEW : President Obama warns Syria 's government will be held accountable for its weapons NEW : Obama makes his first visit to Israel since entering the White House His relationship with Netanyahu has been chilly at times Obama will urge peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States signed an agreement Thursday on civil nuclear cooperation with the United Arab Emirates . Calling the agreement "  a powerful and timely model for the world and the region , " Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice signed the deal , along with UAE Foreign Minister Abdullah bin Zayed . "  We applaud the UAE 's commission -- commitment to the highest standards of safety , security and nonproliferation in its pursuit of nuclear power , " Rice said . Congress has to ratify the agreement before it can take effect , and congressional critics fear it could spark an arms race and proliferation in the region . The UAE 's ties to Iran also have caused concern . Under the "  1-2-3 deal , " similar to one the United States signed last year with India , Washington would share nuclear technology , expertise and fuel . In exchange , the UAE commits to abide by the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty and the International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards . The small oil-rich Gulf nation promises not to enrich uranium or to reprocess spent nuclear fuel to extract plutonium , which can be used to make nuclear bombs . The deal is part of a major UAE investment in nuclear energy . It has already signed deals to build several nuclear power plants . "  We are a country that is very rich in its oil and gas , but we do look forward that we have a program , a nuclear , peaceful program that could sustain our future needs , " said bin Zayed . Rice said she hoped existing work by U.S. companies on the UAE nuclear program would be expanded under the agreement . "  We believe our technology is the best in the world , and we hope that the UAE will give that technology strong consideration , " she said . The United States has stressed its role in global nonproliferation initiatives and has donated $ 10 million to establish an International Atomic Energy Agency international fuel bank . The U.S. has held up the UAE 's development of nuclear energy in stark contrast to Iran , which is suspected of enriching uranium for a nuclear bomb . Rep. Howard Berman , a Democrat from California , chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , called the safeguards in the agreement "  encouraging " but voiced concerns that Iran could take advantage of the agreement . "  This could be a significant advance in nonproliferation policy , and a model for future nuclear cooperation agreements , " Berman said in a statement . "  However , I and many other members of Congress place a very high priority on the international effort to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability and will be analyzing this and any other nuclear cooperation agreement in the context of how it implicates the attainment of that goal . " Iran is the among the UAE 's largest trading partners . In the past , the port city of Dubai , one of the UAE 's seven emirates , has been used as a transit point for sensitive technology bound for Iran . Dubai was also one of the major hubs for the nuclear trafficking network run by Pakistani scientist A.Q. Khan . But U.S. officials said the UAE has taken major steps to improve export controls and prevent money laundering . Still , such ties contributed to stiff opposition in Congress to the failed deal for Dubai Ports World to manage U.S. ports . The U.S. already has similar agreements with Egypt and Morrocco , and U.S. officials said Washington is working on similar pacts with Saudi Arabia , Bahrain and Jordan .	U.S. Congress has to ratify the agreement before it can take effect Congressional critics fear it could spark an arms race and proliferation in the region Under the deal , the U.S. would share nuclear technology , expertise and fuel The UAE will abide by the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty , other safeguards
New York  CNN  -- French financier Dominique Strauss-Kahn will not accept any plea bargain and "  wo n't plead guilty to anything " in the sex crimes case against him , one of his attorneys told CNN on Thursday . Attorney William Taylor made the remarks a day after Strauss-Kahn 's legal team met with prosecutors in the case for nearly two hours . It 's not known if any plea deal was offered . The meeting came about a week after Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. acknowledged that there are questions about the credibility of Strauss-Kahn 's accuser . The 62-year-old former chief of the International Monetary Fund is charged with sexual abuse and attempted rape of a hotel maid in May . While Wednesday 's meeting with prosecutors was "  constructive , " Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys said , prosecutors maintained that they are not ready to drop the charges . "  The investigative process is continuing , and no decisions have been made , " said Manhattan District Attorney spokeswoman Erin Duggan . The accuser 's civil attorney has called on Vance to recuse himself from prosecuting the case and appoint a special prosecutor . "  We make this request in order to protect the integrity of the prosecution of Mr. Strauss-Kahn , to ensure the victim 's rights are not further prejudiced by deliberate acts seeking to undermine her credibility , to insulate your office from the appearance of conflict of interest , and to ensure that future victims of sex crimes , regardless of their backgrounds , are not dissuaded from coming forward , " attorney Kenneth P. Thompson wrote in a four-page letter to Vance . But Duggan said Vance will not recuse himself . "  Any suggestion that this office should be recused is wholly without merit , " she said in a statement . Thompson told CNN his client has admitted mistakes , but says that has nothing to do with what happened in Strauss-Kahn 's hotel suite . "  Despite everything , " he told CNN Tuesday , "  she wants to get on the witness stand . That 's all she asks for . " Last week , Vance indicated that the 32-year-old accuser had been less than truthful with authorities about some aspects of her life and her whereabouts immediately after the alleged attack May 14 at the Sofitel hotel . Thompson said Wednesday that Vance 's office "  apparently has been responsible " for leaks to the news media "  that were intended to discredit the victim 's character and , perhaps most importantly , undermine her charges against Mr. Strauss-Kahn . " He cited a telephone call he received June 30 from Chief Assistant District Attorney Daniel R. Alonso , informing him of the prosecutor 's decision to turn over to the defense "  certain false statements " that the victim had made to investigators . During the call , he said Alonso told him about an audio recording obtained by the prosecution in which the alleged victim told a boyfriend jailed in Arizona a day after the alleged attack "  about the possible benefits " of pursuing charges against Strauss-Kahn . "  When I asked Mr. Alonso specifically about what the victim had allegedly said during that conversation , he stated that the victim said ` words to the effect ' that ` this guy has a lot of money . I know what I 'm doing . ' " Thompson said that Alonso then agreed to turn over a copy of the recording or allow him and the alleged victim to listen to it but , more than six days later , had failed to do so . "  I am told by Mr. Alonso that the victim must now wait for the prosecutor 's interpreter to prepare a complete transcript of it , " Thompson wrote . He went on to complain that , within a few hours of that call , The New York Times reported on the "  alleged conversation with the incarcerated individual , " in an article that cited " ` two well-placed law enforcement officials . ' " Thompson said he believes those officials work for Vance . The alleged victim , meanwhile , has filed a libel lawsuit against the New York Post and five of its reporters after the newspaper reported that the woman was a prostitute , according to court filings . The Post said it stands by its reporting . A source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN that so far , "  no evidence has been found that she is a prostitute . " The developments in New York come as Strauss-Kahn faces separate accusations of attempted rape in France , which were filed in a complaint by French writer Tristane Banon . A Strauss-Kahn lawyer in France said he has filed a counterclaim against Banon for "  false declarations . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Dominique Strauss-Kahn wo n't plead guilty to anything , his attorney said His defense met with the prosecution for two hours Wednesday His accuser 's attorney has called on the Manhattan D.A. to recuse himself The D.A. indicated that the accuser was not truthful about some things
CNN  -- After being an avid iPhone user for two years , I finally gave up . A couple of weeks ago I picked up my first Android phone : an HTC Droid Incredible , offered through Verizon Wireless . I 'd owned my iPhone for two years and for the most part liked it . Having a smartphone improved my life and work in several ways . But my contract was up and I 'd moved to the Bay Area -- where I 've found AT&T 's 3G network to be ridiculously spotty and slow .  Each month I felt like I was paying for the emperor 's new clothes . As I considered my phone options , the unicorn of a non-AT & T iPhone continued to waver maddeningly in the mists of the uncertain future . Furthermore , even legal iPhone jailbreaking looks like more of a headache than I would want to deal with . It was definitely time for a change . Over the last year I 'd been demoing various Android phones , to see what I 'd be in for if I switched . With Android 2.1 , I felt like the OS had finally reached a level of usability and stability I could get comfortable with on a daily basis . I 'm not averse to learning a new mobile operating system -- but it 's definitely not on my top-10 list of fun stuff to do . As I expected , there was a considerable learning curve , many decisions and tradeoffs , occasional confusion and frustration , and some things about my Android phone I just do n't like but will have to tolerate .  That 's pretty much the experience I had when I first got my iPhone , by the way . Here are some lessons from my iPhone-to-Android switch , which might be useful to others contemplating a similar move : Set aside a day to learn your phone If your smartphone is an integral part of how you conduct your life and work , take some time up front to focus . Even if you 've demoed Android phones before , configuring it for your personal use and figuring out which new habits you should adopt requires time and focus . Do n't expect to dive in and in an hour be as comfortable with your Android phone as you were with your iPhone . Get your apps through AppBrain.com This site , and its Android app , helps you discover apps in the Android Market and manage them on your phone . It also makes it easier to update and restore all your apps .  These tasks are easy on the iPhone via iTunes , but tedious if you get your apps straight from the Android Market .  AppBrain will only update , sync , and restore apps you 've listed with your AppBrain account . So if you 've already started getting crucial apps elsewhere , be sure to list them with your AppBrain account too . If you rely on iCal , you do n't have to switch to Google Calendar It 's enough to learn a new phone -- but it 's even harder if you feel like this change means you also have to abandon lots of other tools you 've come to rely on . I 'm a heavy iCal user , and  after trying for a couple of hours  simply could not successfully import my iCal data into Google Calendar . So I found a solution to sync iCal up with my Droid Incredible . Instead of using the calendar app that came with my phone , I use a toolset from MarkSpace : Missing Sync  $ 40 for Mac software , free Android app  and Fliq Calendar  free Android app  . In AndroidForums.com there 's a useful review by Krischik of this toolset . Missing Sync will also sync contacts , photos , music , and more . Missing Sync is not perfect , however . I found it created many duplicate contacts on my phone , and it was unbearably slow for syncing media files -- but your mileage may vary . For me , Doubletwist works better for syncing music between my Mac and Droid Incredible . Carry a charger or spare battery All smartphones , but especially multitasking Android phones , can drain a battery fast . It 's a good idea to learn tricks for minimizing power consumption on your phone . But until you learn those tricks , expect that your new phone could run out of power surprisingly fast . Charge your phone whenever your get a chance . The Kensington Portable Power Pack that I used for two years with my iPhone works just fine with my Droid Incredible -- which is good , since I 've been getting lousy battery life from the Incredible , even worse than on my iPhone 3G . Accept that you 'll have to let go of some treasured tools For years my main productivity tool has been OmniFocus -- pricey but excellent task-management software with a pricey but excellent iPhone app . Unfortunately , OmniFocus syncs only via Apple 's MobileMe service , which really only plays nice with Apple devices . After trying several options , I decided to switch to the Web-based service Toodledo , which syncs with a pretty good free Android app , Got To Do Lite . This does n't replace all the functionality of OmniFocus -- but for me , it will suffice . Again , your mileage may vary . ... All in all , after about three days of using my Droid Incredible I felt I was back up to a comparable level of mobile comfort and productivity . I 'm still stumbling here and there , but for me the switching process was not especially daunting or stressful . Plus , it 's really nice to finally get the high-speed mobile access I 'm paying for . I expect someday Verizon 's network will get bogged down here too -- but for me , for now , it 's working great .	Take a day to learn your phone , because configuring it for your personal use requires time If you rely on iCal , you do n't have to switch to Google Calendar Accept that you 'll have to let go of some treasured tools
CNN  Lynn Smith used to lead a fast-paced life as the owner of a London-based film props company . However her first love has always been art . Taking the plunge into the unknown , Smith decided to sell her business , say goodbye to her friends , and move to Mauritius to pursue a career as an artist full time . "  I was passionate about my business as well , it was amazing , my job was wonderful , " Smith says , "  but I always wanted to be an artist since I was very , very young . A teacher put me off it at school and I did n't go down that road , and I regretted it . " Smith chose Mauritius because she had fallen in love with the lush beauty of the tropical island on previous trips to visit her son , who lives there . Her studio , where she paints portraits and carves sculptures out of marble , clay and bronze , is by the sea , and Smith says she is endlessly inspired by the natural beauty of her adopted home . "  I go out every day driving around , every day you see things that are inspirational . Getting up in the morning I sit on the terrace , I look out to the sea , to the islands , " she says . The artist , who goes by the moniker Lynni , says her new life is a dream come true , but a dream that she created not by wishing for it , but working to make it happen . "  If you want to do something you just have to get off your backside and do it yourself because nobody else is going to do it , " she says . "  All my life I blamed that careers teacher and then I realized it was stupid to blamer her , it was my fault . I did n't follow my dream . And it got to the stage where I realized it 's time to follow my dream , " she adds .	Lynn Smith used to work in the movie industry in London She changed her career to become an artist in Mauritius
The United States is preparing to announce a decision "  in the coming days " on assistance to Egypt , the White House said Tuesday , and U.S. officials told CNN military aid will be cut , though not all of it . The announcement comes in the wake of the July coup against President Mohamed Morsy and the turmoil that has followed as recently as this week , one U.S. official said Tuesday . However , some military aid could continue , including funds to uphold Egypt 's obligations under its peace treaty with Israel , and money for counterterrorism and security in Sinai , where extremists have been able to set up base , according to a senior U.S. official . The United States will also maintain nonmilitary funding that helps democracy promotion , the official said . In an initial report about the announcement , CNN did not specify that these portions of the aid would continue . Mohamed Morsy gets trial date as Egypt turmoil continues The Obama administration withheld some military aid to Egypt in August . Another U.S. official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said the move to suspend assistance -- more than $ 1 billion is given each year -- has been prompted by an "  accumulation of events , " including recent violence against protesters , dozens of whom were killed over the weekend . The United States has not yet notified the Egyptians of the decision to cut off military aid , a senior official said . The announcement is not expected to be made on Wednesday and has already been pushed back a few times , the official said . In a statement late Tuesday , National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said an announcement is coming soon but denied the United States is "  halting all military assistance . " "  We will announce the future of our assistance relationship with Egypt in the coming days , but as the president made clear at UNGA , that assistance relationship will continue , " Hayden said in a statement . Any decision to cut aid would not preclude resuming the aid should Egypt make what the United States believes are positives steps towards restoring democracy , officials said . Death toll rises as violence rages U.S. national security advisers recommended to the president last month that aid should be cut , U.S. officials told CNN in September . The recommendation , officials said , was made in a "  principals meeting " of the president 's national security team , including National Security Adviser Susan Rice , Secretary of State John Kerry and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel . The meeting was the culmination of months of debate within the administration about how to respond to the July 3 ouster of Morsy , Egypt 's first democratically elected leader . In addition to the suspension of some military aid earlier this year , there has also been a severe slowdown in military shipments from the United States to Egypt , including F-16s . The Obama administration has not labeled Morsy 's removal from office a coup . Such a designation would require a cut in all but humanitarian aid . In the past , the White House has said it was in U.S. national security interests to keep the aid intact . But after U.S. calls to the Egyptian military for restraint over the last few months were met with a heavy-handed crackdown on Morsy supporters , Obama canceled a joint military exercise and announced a new review of U.S. aid to Egypt . Last month , U.S. officials said Obama 's national security team had recommended a cut in aid that included all foreign military financing to the Egyptian military , except funding toward security in the Sinai Peninsula and along the Egyptian border with Gaza . "  This has been coming for quite a while , actually , and President Obama signaled that the United States was slowing down aid to Egypt in his address at the United Nations just a couple of weeks ago , " said Robin Wright , an Arab affairs analyst at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars . "  The United States has become increasingly disillusioned with the way that the military leadership has cracked down on its own people . Over 1,000 died in the early weeks after the military coup , and in the past week , you 've seen dozens more killed in confrontations . " CNN senior international correspondent Ben Wedeman said in the short-term , the U.S. decision could have a positive impact on the Egyptian government . "  Immediately , probably , the Egyptian government is going to find it 's going to gain somewhat in terms of local public opinion , " Wedeman said . "  Egyptians I 've already been in touch with about this decision or announcement from the United States that it 's going to cut aid seem to react positively . There seems to be a lot of frustration with the United States , given its role in Egypt over the last 2 1/2 years since the revolution . " But do n't expect to see Egypt 's military hurting financially , Wedeman said . "  For the Egyptian government , a cutoff in U.S. aid is symbolically significant , but in terms of the actual amount of money they 're getting , it will not make a big difference , " he said . Wedeman said that 's because Gulf states have been pouring billions of dollars into Egypt since Morsy 's ouster . A move to cut off aid would likely anger those Gulf allies who have urged the United States to support the military and warned against stopping assistance . After weeks of relative calm , violent clashes in Egypt	Spokesperson denies the U.S. is halting all military assistance U.S. official : Recent violence against protesters is among the reasons Suspension of military aid prompted by "  accumulation of events , " official says Another official says the United States has not yet notified Egypt of the decision
It 's a decision thousands of protesters feared . China 's powerful National People 's Congress Standing Committee voted Sunday to change the way Hong Kong picks its chief executive , ruling that only candidates approved by a nominating committee will be allowed to run . A top Chinese official made clear the candidates all must "  love the country and love Hong Kong . " The city 's current leader insists it 's a step in the right direction . "  The majority of Hong Kong citizens , namely , the 5 million qualified voters of the selection of chief executive in 2017 , will be able to cast their votes to select the chief executive , " said Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying . Speaking at an event Monday to explain the NPC 's decision , he added : "  This is the first opportunity -- a very good opportunity -- for Hong Kong to have one man , one vote -- universal suffrage . This is something we should all feel proud of . " But that 's not how Hong Kong 's pro-democracy Occupy Central movement sees it . The group has vocally pushed for elections in which any candidate can run for chief executive . For weeks , protesters have taken to the streets . In a statement on its website , the group slammed Beijing 's decision as a move that stifles democracy and blocks people with different political views from running for office . "  Genuine universal suffrage includes both the rights to elect and to be elected , " the statement said . "  The decision of the NPC Standing Committee has deprived people with different political views of the right to run for election and be elected by imposing unreasonable restrictions , thereby perpetuating ` handpicked politics . ' " Scores of people -- including pro-Beijing groups and pro-democracy supporters -- gathered at the city 's AsiaWorld-Expo Monday where the city 's decision-makers were meeting . Local media reported chaotic scenes at the conference center as pan-democrats attempted to disrupt an address by Li Fei , deputy secretary general of the NPC Standing Committee . Freedoms eroded Under the "  one country , two systems " policy , the 7 million residents of Hong Kong -- defined as a "  Special Administrative Region " of China -- are afforded greater civil liberties than those in the mainland . This reflects an agreement reached between China and the United Kingdom before the handover , which promised Hong Kong a "  high degree of autonomy " for 50 years after its return . But the decision to change the way Hong Kong picks its leader comes amid increasing fears that those freedoms are being eroded . Currently , Hong Kong 's leader is chosen by an election committee selected mostly by Beijing loyalists . Beijing brushed aside demonstrators ' demands for a fully open election in 2017 , saying the decision to change the system is in line with Hong Kong 's basic law . Protesters demands are self-serving , one top official said . "  Those people 's so-called international standards are tailored for themselves , " said Li Fei , deputy secretary general of the National People 's Congress Standing Committee . "  They are not the international standards , but their personal standards . " Civil disobedience Throngs of pro-democracy protesters rallied in central Hong Kong on Sunday to condemn Beijing 's decision and promised there would be more protests . The threat of civil disobedience "  is our bargaining power , " Benny Tai , the organizer of Occupy Central , told CNN earlier this month . "  They take us seriously , though they will never admit that . " After a massive rally calling for democracy in the Chinese territory in July , hundreds of demonstrators -- including prominent lawmakers -- were arrested . Tens of thousands of demonstrators protesting Occupy Central marched in Hong Kong earlier this month . Local media swirled with reports of marchers getting paid or bused in to attend the pro-government march . The march 's organizer said he took the accusations seriously and would investigate but maintained that no laws were broken . ` Paper tiger ' But a commentary published Monday by the state-controlled Global Times dismissed this opposition and suggested Hong Kong 's political reforms had come to a "  foregone conclusion . " "  The radical opposition camp is doomed to be a paper tiger in front of Hong Kong 's mainstream public opinion and the firm resolution of the central government , " it said . "  These radicals could indeed incite a group of people to rally with them but they are facing a powerful will and a strong legal framework that Hong Kong must remain stable . They will definitely be called to account if they resort to illegal confrontation . And if they raise objections in a legal way , their efforts will end in vain . " Meanwhile , Fernando Chui Sai-on has been re-elected uncontested as Macau 's chief executive . Like nearby Hong Kong , Macau is a "  Special Administrative Region " of China , following its transition from Portuguese control in 1999 . The territory has itself faced calls for greater democracy , though its constitution makes no mention of universal suffrage . A recent unofficial poll on this question was shut down by police and several pro-democracy organizers were arrested for allegedly breaching privacy laws .	Beijing says only candidates approved by a nominating panel can run to lead Hong Kong The city 's current leader insists it 's a step in the right direction Hong Kong 's pro-democracy Occupy Central movement says it 's a move that stifles democracy Protesters take to the streets in Hong Kong and vow more civil disobedience
CNN  -- A University of Pittsburgh research professor waived extradition Monday during a hearing in West Virginia as authorities seek his return to Pennsylvania , where he 's accused of killing his wife with a lethal dose of cyanide . Robert Ferrante was not expected to fight extradition . "  He 's anxious to defend himself , have his day in court , prove his innocence , " said Ferrante 's defense attorney William Difenderfer . Pennsylvania police have 10 days to pick him up , said assistant prosecutor Andy Dimlich . According to Mike Manko , spokesman for the Allegheny County district attorney 's office , police will transport Ferrante from West Virginia to the Allegheny County Jail on Tuesday . Ferrante is accused of killing Autumn Klein , a 41-year-old accomplished Pittsburgh doctor . She was the former head of women 's neurology at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center . Ferrante is a researcher and professor of neurological surgery at the University of Pittsburgh . Houston doctor charged with poisoning fellow doctor and lover As part of his position there , Ferrante managed a laboratory where he conducts trials of various drugs and chemicals , according to a criminal complaint . Text messages between the couple were found on April 17 , the day Klein fell ill , the complaint said . The exchange included Ferrante suggesting creatine to Klein in hopes of stimulating egg production . The complaint also alleges that a day earlier , Ferrante had placed an order for an "  overnight delivery of cyanide . " Investigators allege that Ferrante laced the creatine with cyanide . Cyanide is a naturally occurring toxic substance that can be found in seeds of different plants . It is widely distributed throughout research laboratories as a chemical used in scientific experiments . Cyanide interferes with the ability of the body to use oxygen to produce energy , which can lead to rapid death . On April 17 , Allegheny County 911 dispatch received a call from Ferrante requesting medical assistance for his wife , who he said was possibly having a stroke , the complaint read . He described her condition as "  conscious and breathing , but not alert . " Watch : FBI investigates doctor 's cyanide death When paramedics arrived , they found the victim on the floor of the kitchen with a plastic bag containing creatine . She died April 20 . According to Karl Williams , chief medical examiner of Allegheny County , there is no connection between creatine and fertility . Creatine is a supplement that bodybuilders use to increase body mass , Williams said . "  The amazing amount of subpoenas of investigation that went in to determining in fact that it was a homicide . That 's what took so long , " Williams said . Ferrante 's arrest Thursday ended a nationwide manhunt . Officials said West Virginia State Police apprehended him after his car was stopped while heading north on Interstate 77 near Beckley , West Virginia . "  He was relatively quiet , " said State Police Sgt. William Tupper . "  He knew there were warrants for him . Said he was en route back to Pittsburgh . " Ferrante has been placed on immediate and indefinite leave from his university , according to school spokesman John Andrew Fedele . Sole and legal custody of Ferrante 's child has been placed with the maternal grandparents , according to a statement form the district attorney 's office . His financial assets have also been frozen . In poisoning emergencies , who will answer your call ? CNN 's Erinn Cawthon and Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley contributed to this report .	NEW : Robert Ferrante is expected to be moved Tuesday The cause of his wife 's death is cyanide poisoning "  He 's anxious to defend himself , " his lawyer says
CNN Student News  -- November 8 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • India • Haiti • New York , New York Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hope you 're rested up and that you had a great weekend -- it was an hour longer at least ! I 'm Carl Azuz welcoming you to this November 8th edition of CNN Student News ! First Up : President Visits India AZUZ : President Obama is on the road ; he 's taking a 10-day trip throughout Asia ; he 's visiting India , Indonesia , South Korea and Japan . He arrived in the Indian capital on Sunday -- you see him here with the first lady -- and one of the first things he pushed for was increased trade between India and the United States . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : I 'm here because the partnership between India and the United States , I believe has limitless potential to improve the lives of both Americans and Indians , just as it has the potential to be an anchor of security and prosperity and progress for Asia and for the world . AZUZ : But American critics are concerned about American jobs when it comes to India . The president says that a healthy relationship between the two countries will create American jobs , but critics say it 's actually the opposite when U.S. businesses outsource jobs to the southeast Asian country . Hurricane Tomas Impact AZUZ : Hopelessness : That 's the word that pretty much describes the feeling in many parts of Haiti . This is a small , and very poor , Caribbean nation that has endured a catastrophic earthquake , spreading disease , and most recently this year , a glancing shot from Hurricane Tomas . So it may not come as a surprise why many of the people in this report by Paula Newton seem to have just given up . BEGIN VIDEO PAULA NEWTON , CNN CORRESPONDENT : And then came Hurricane Tomas . Misery now overwhelms Haitians , just as easily as the flood waters did . CHARLIE SIMOLIEN , LEOGANE RESIDENT -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : This water now came by and washed away anything we had left . NEWTON : Young Charlie Simolien wades through filthy water only to return to his earthquake ravaged home . This is Leogane , the very epicenter of January 's epic quake , and now , it has seen some of the worst flooding . And yet for this , there is gratitude . Tomas spared them the worst . This is what the Estin family has been left with . There is water all over their home and this muddy soot , they are thankful that the water has started to recede but now they 're left with this muddy soot . And so they try to clean up and recover once more . Many tell us , they 've had it , their spirit broken . The quake , the continuing threat of cholera , the indignity of scavenging to survive , and now more water . Jesner tells us he lost his leg to the earthquake , now Tomas has taken everything else . JESNER , LEOGANE RESIDENT -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : This is all I could save , my crutches . NEWTON : It 's difficult to comprehend that in the shadow of homes crushed by the quake , Haitians must now somehow survive . So little has changed here since January . Outside Haiti there is talk of donor fatigue , but inside Haiti , they 're sick of something else : all the attention . They say it raises their expectations for help , and crushes them once more when it fails to turn up . UNIDENTIFIED MALE -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : We always have foreigners come and talk to us and offer help , they take our stories , they take advantage of us and it 's about time this ends . NEWTON : Hurricane Tomas ' last lash may be behind them but many Haitians tell us they no longer believe anyone can help them when the next calamity strikes . END VIDEO Is This Legit ? CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is This Legit ? A marathon is 13.1 miles long . Not legit ! A marathon is twice this distance : 26.2 miles from start to finish ! New York Marathon AZUZ : Temperatures in the low forties , 26 miles of non-stop running : The New York City Marathon is n't for the faint of heart -- or foot . On the other hand , Edison Pena does n't seem to be faint of anything . He was one of the 33 Chilean miners who spent 69 days trapped underground . And he actually trained while he was down there , running miles through the mine tunnel every day ! Pena hit the New York pavement on Sunday along with more than 40,000 other competitors . The winners were also from abroad : An Ethiopian man who 'd never run a marathon before had a time of two hours and eight minutes . And the women 's winner , a Kenyan , finished in about two hours , 28 minutes . Pena managed to finish the race in 5 hours and 40 minutes , which was a little faster than he expected . Discovery Stays Put AZUZ : This is n't where Space Shuttle Discovery was supposed to be by now ; it should have been docked at the international space station . But its launch was delayed again on Friday because of a hydrogen leak found near one of Discovery 's fuel tanks . This happened after gas leaks , electrical problems and bad weather . All that caused earlier delays of the 39th mission of the soon-to-be terminated shuttle program . Discovery is NASA 's oldest , and most experienced , shuttle ; its first mission was in 1984 . After finding the hydrogen leak , scientists expect it 'll be November 30th , at the earliest , before Discovery flies again , on what is supposed to be its last mission . This Day in History ON SCREEN GRAPHIC November 8 , 1793 -- The Louvre , France 's renowned museum , opens to the public November 8 , 1837 -- Mount Holyoke Seminary , America 's first college dedicated exclusively to women , opens in Massachusetts November 8 , 1895 -- Wilhelm Conrad Roentgen discovers X-rays while researching electric current Shoutout CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Who said , "  Nothing ever comes to one , that is worth having , except as a result of hard work " ? You know what to do ! Was it : A  Booker T. Washington , B  Benjamin Franklin , C  George Washington Carver , or D  Thomas Edison ? Three seconds , and GO ! Booker T. Washington was talking about raising money when he wrote these famous words . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Career Connections AZUZ : Examples of how hard work pays off can be seen in our "  Career Connections " segment with our own associate producer , Tomeka Jones . Tomeka ? TOMEKA JONES , ASSOCIATE PRODUCER : Carl , those words you mentioned -- "  hard work " ? Well , the professionals we 've talked to strongly believe in it . This week , the spotlight is on production assistant Monique Smith . She says being a P.A. , well , it 's all about what you make it . And she knows it 's putting her on the right path to achieving her goal of being a producer . BEGIN VIDEO MONIQUE SMITH , CNN PRODUCTION ASSISTANT : My role is to basically do whatever the producers need me to do . That can include anything from logging to making sure I have all the stuff ready for the editors to go through . First of all a SOT is sound on tape . Logging is transcribing or writing down word for word what everybody is saying. , so the reason that we 're able to pick the pieces of sound that we do is that somebody has to actually go through and write down everything that was said in that entire piece of video . Creating a precut is getting that piece of video or that piece of sound that we plan on airing ready for the editor . All the things you learn as a production assistant , none of your time is wasted . You learn so many basic , good skills that you 're going to have to use for the rest of your career . So when you 're a producer you basically make the judgment calls on what you 're going to put in that show that day . But you can also look back on your production assistant days , remember when you were doing all that logging and making all those numbers and you can think , hmm , now I know what all that stuff was for . The advice that I would give is if your school has a broadcasting program make sure you are in that program . Find out what your passion is , because whenever you find out something that you really feel strongly about and you have a good background in it , whatever you decide to do it wo n't feel like work . It will feel like something you 're doing for fun because you 're interested in it . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Historians do n't know why there were so few Honus Wagner baseball cards . Wagner was a speedy shortstop nicknamed "  The Flying Dutchman , " played from 1897 to 1917 , mostly with Pittsburgh . He was in the very first World Series ever , had more than 3,400 hits , and appears on one of the rarest cards on the planet . This particular card was left to a group of Catholic nuns by one nun 's brother . They put it up for auction last week and the card brought them almost 263,000 dollars ! Goodbye AZUZ : That money will pay for their charity work in 35 countries so you can understand why the honus was on them to sell the card . All right , if you did n't get that , or like it , we 'll just have to take another swing tomorrow . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Learn what President Obama talked about on his visit to India See who ran through the streets of New York City in its annual marathon Hear from a production assistant about the skills needed to become a journalist Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- FA Cup finalists Portsmouth will not be allowed to play in next season 's Europa League , the English Football Association  FA  have confirmed . The financially-stricken side , who became the first-ever Premier League club to enter administration earlier this year , would have been gauranteed a place in Europe next season because their final opponents , Chelsea , have secured a Champions League place . However , Portsmouth 's administrators -- who revealed on Wednesday that the club is in debt to the tune of $ 170m -- have been told that any late application for a UEFA club licence will not be considered due to the club 's on-going financial problems . A joint statement from the FA and English Premier League said : "  The FA and Premier League have confirmed to the administrators of Portsmouth that they shall not consider any late application for granting of a UEFA Club Licence for the 2010-11 season . " The decision means the team who finish seventh in the Premier League , with Liverpool currently in that position , will take Portsmouth 's place . European football 's governing body UEFA had earlier revealed that the club could submit a late application before May 31 -- but the Premier League and FA have subsequently decreed that the Portsmouth 's financial situation is so bad that they would not meet any of UEFA 's criteria to enter . Portsmouth 's administrator Andrew Andronikou told Press Association Sport : "  We have spent a long time going through all the necessary steps and we had hoped to make a European application next week . "  We felt that we would do our bit and that it would be up to the FA and the Premier League to do theirs . It 's wrong for the fans that they should not be allowed to support their club in Europe next season . "	FA Cup finalists Portsmouth will not be allowed to play in next season 's Europa League Portsmouth were guaranteed a place in Europe because Chelsea will be in Champions League But the English FA have vetoed this because of the club 's financial crisis
CNN  -- Staff at Royal Bank of Scotland 's UK investment banking and treasury divisions were warned this week of more job cuts to come , according to an internal memo obtained by CNN . The potential redundancies are part of the bank 's plan to trim tens of thousands of roles . Since receiving the biggest bail out in history , RBS has announced 27,500 layoffs worldwide -- of which 21,200 are in the UK . Bad time to be a banker : More layoffs The news comes days after official figures put the number of unemployed across Great Britain at 2.51 million . RBS is 84 % owned by taxpayers . The following is an email sent to all employees in RBS 's Markets division across Europe , Middle East and Africa from Peter Nielsen , Global Head of Markets , on Thursday . "  As you are aware , we continue to review our business to ensure Markets aligns its resources and strategy effectively . "  We are focused on building a high performing business and need to optimise our resources in line with this and continue the drive for efficiencies . "  As a result of this ongoing focus I have asked my ManCo -LSB- management committee -RSB- to review their business operating model and we are now proposing further headcount reductions across the Markets and GBM Treasury group , which will impact the UK . "  Our plans are subject to consultation in the UK and I wanted to inform you that this commenced this week . "  Where we need to make role reductions we will work with the employee representative bodies , from both the Employee Consultative Body  ECB  and UK Staff Council  UKSC  , to explain the roles that need to be reduced and consider their comments and suggestions . "  The exact timing of the process will depend on discussions with the ECB and UKSC but our aim is to be able to provide clarity to you in the coming weeks . "  I appreciate that these can be unsettling times but I would ask you to continue to focus on execution and stay close to our clients . " - Peter RBS , whose ill-fated acquisition of ABN Amro left it nursing $ 2.3 billion worth of Greek government bonds , is just one of a number of banks to significantly trim headcount in the past three years . Since the onset of the credit crunch European financial institutions have said 270,000 posts must go . HSBC has said it will slash 30,000 by 2013 , while Barclays will trim 3,000 . A spokeswoman for RBS declined to comment on the document and its contents .	Memo : RBS UK investment division warned more layoffs to come RBS has announced 27,500 layoffs worldwidel ; 21,200 alone in the UK Since credit crisis , European banks have said 270,000 employees must go
ZURICH , Switzerland  Reuters  -- Nestle said it would plough profits into a $ 21 billion share buyback program and shun major acquisitions as pricing power helped it overcome soaring input prices to post a forecast-beating earnings rise . Nestle , producer of KitKat chocolate wafers and Perrier water , has seen an increase in net profit . The world 's largest food company reported an 18.4 percent increase in net profit for the first half of 2007 to 4.916 billion Swiss francs  $ 4.1 billion  on Wednesday and said it was likely to beat its own results forecasts for the full year . Nestle shares jumped to the top of the European gainers list in an overall weaker market . "  The strong start to the year allows Nestle to expect above-target organic growth as well as a further sustainable improvement in margins for the full year , " Nestle said in a statement . Chief Executive Peter Brabeck unveiled a surprise 25 billion franc share buyback and said he expected no major acquisitions in the future , just potential bolt-on buys , as the group digested recent medical and infant nutrition purchases . "  It is now time to consolidate , " he told CNBC television in an interview following the results release . "  We do not see any major acquisition coming up . " Sales rose 8.4 percent to 51.1 billion francs as the company pushed through price increases to offset rising input prices for agricultural commodities such as coffee and cocoa . Organic sales growth in the period was 7.4 percent . "  This is a blow-out -- strong figures both in terms of revenues and particularly margins , and Nestle is clearly benefiting from its repositioning into health and wellness , " said Jon Cox , head of food and beverages research at Kepler Equities . Nestle shares rose 5.5 percent to 476.5 Swiss francs at 0800 GMT as analysts focused on its earnings and sales growth , its improved 2007 outlook and the possibility of asset sales . Nestle and other food processing companies face rising prices for inputs such as milk and grains . But the Swiss-based conglomerate has said it has the muscle to command higher prices on the store shelves to compensate . The company has said it aims to raise prices , cull unprofitable products and speed up production rationalization to prepare for a lasting rise in commodity and energy prices . Nestle also signaled it was moving closer to a possible sale of U.S.-listed eyecare products company Alcon as pressure grows to shed some of its non-food operations , which also include top world cosmetics company L'Oreal . "  It is also clear that with our transformation to health and wellness and as that transition accelerates , Alcon becomes increasingly a financial rather than strategic holding , and we must assess it as such , " said Chief Financial Officer Paul Polman in a conference call . Nestle owns a 77.55 percent stake in Alcon , which has a market value of $ 41.3 billion , according to Reuters data . The maker of KitKat chocolate wafers and bottler of Perrier water has led rivals Danone and Numico in raising shelf prices in anticipation of higher input costs . Danone and Numico have reported gains in underlying growth , though rising input prices have pressured their margins . Nestle said it would beat its long-standing earnings outlook -- to improve its EBIT  earnings before interest and tax  margin at constant currencies and reach underlying sales growth of 5 to 6 percent . Strong growth in emerging markets at 9.7 percent and in the group 's pharmaceutical division , including Alcon , at 11 percent helped compensate for sluggish growth in Europe at 1.4 percent . Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast on average net profit of 4.56 billion Swiss francs  $ 3.8 billion  on a 7 percent rise in sales to 50.44 billion francs . Nestle shares had slightly outperformed the DJ Stoxx European food and beverage index from the start of the year to Tuesday 's close , rising around 5 percent compared with around 2 percent for the index . Its shares trade at about 15.6 times forecast 2008 earnings , roughly in line with Unilever and the sector average of 16.2 times . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Nestle reported an 18.4 percent rise in net profit for H1 2007 to $ 4.1 billion Sales rose 8.4 percent to $ 42 billion , organic sales growth was 7.4 percent Nestle is moving closer to a possible sale of U.S.-listed company Alcon
Maracana , Rio De Janeiro  CNN  -- The pressure suffocated those toiling on the grass , the gravity of a World Cup final adding weight to the air like plumbing a great depth in the ocean . That pressure was only intensified by the anxiety rolling down the terraces of the Maracana stadium , perhaps world football 's holiest site . After four grueling weeks , across 64 games -- where 32 of the planet 's best soccer nations scrapped and shot and passed and passed and passed each other to elimination -- it had come down to this . An estimated one billion people were watching , gripped , as the drama unfolded including a lucky , enthralled , 80,000 spectators in the seats of the arena . Two teams , forged on different sides of the planet , had been locked in combat for 90 minutes without significant advantage . Defenses had stood resolute , goalposts had been rattled , endeavor had created opportunity that even the great Lionel Messi had failed to capitalize on . Normal time had made way for extra time and -- with every energy-sapping minute played -- the Russian roulette of a penalty shootout edged ever closer . The legion of spectators that stood in the bowl were emotionally intoxicated and called on all superstitious and religious powers at their disposal to deliver them from doom . But not all in the arena had lost hope . Individual mental fortitude is difficult to attain , but at least with self growth the ability to change remains in one 's own hands . A collective resilience , a communal resistance to set back , a refusal to be deterred from a group destiny requires careful nurture over years for all involved to believe in the same vision . The 2014 version of Die Nationalmannschaft had been patiently planned , engineered and inculcated . They 'd waited for this moment for over a decade and now was not the time to buckle . "  The lowest point came in Euro 2000 -- that was German football 's nadir : very poor performances , a very poor team and very poor management , " German football expert Rafael Honigstein told CNN . Germany 's performance in the 2002 World Cup , where they lost in the final to Brazil , helped papered over the cracks , but it would take another two years for the real changes to the national game to filter through . "  The grass roots reforms were already in place by the time Jurgen Klinnsman took over with Joachim Low in 2004 , " added Honigstein , referring to Germany 's former and current coach . "  The 10-year development you 've seen culminate in Brazil benefited from two changes being made at more or less the same time . "  Youth development was instilled to make sure young players were much better educated and had better facilities and coaching . "  And at the same time there was a change of philosophy and footballing ideas at the very top -- after 10 years these two elements fused quite brilliantly to deliver the World Cup . "  You have to credit the chairman of the German Football Association  DFB  at the time , Gerhard Mayer , who realized the needs for reform . He was able to get all the Bundesliga clubs , including the big ones , on board . "  They all signed up to create academies and there was a spirit of cooperation , which was especially pronounced in those years , because Germany had won the right to host a World Cup in 2006 . "  There was a real fear the team and the footballing nation might embarrass themselves as hosts if they did n't make changes , " said Honigstein . Germany 's blueprint for change did n't come cheap and it needed the clubs to work closely with the DFB . "  If everyone is pulling in the same direction it makes a big difference , " added Honigstein . "  You need a lot of money and you need the commitment to do it . Very few countries could replicate what Germany has done . "  You have to consider they now have 366 centers of excellence for youth development throughout the country . "  Bayern Munich has also been the driving force of the national team because they produce the best youngsters , and they buy the best German players and hone them , to make them even better . "  It 's no coincidence that when Bayern did well in the 1970s , 90s and now , the national team has benefited . "  Bayern , under former president Uli Hoeness , always kept the greater good of the national team at the back of their minds and that 's an important factor for the success of German football , " explained Honigstein . Midfield dynamo Bastian Schweinsteiger would later dedicate Germany 's final performance to Hoeness , as the man responsible for many of the players being where they are . Such long-term planning and dedication to a single goal , by the time the last match was being played in Brazil in 2014 , was in the final throes of its application . The squad and the 11 men on the pitch were the fruition of a design drawn up long ago . The path to glory sewn into the psyche of everyone involved . With barely seven minutes left on the clock , Andre Schurrle , a man arguably only on the pitch due to injuries to two players selected before him , picked up the ball on the left wing , just inside of the opposition 's half . With three Argentines in front of him he dared to be positive , to run forward with the ball . Navigating a slim gully on the flank he slithered past the retreating men in blue , ever nearer to the touchline . Five , 10 , 20 yards he progressed until -- as defenders threatened to force him and the ball from the field of play -- he released a deft cross to the man in white on his right . Mario Gotze , one of seven Bayern players in the side and a man who entered the field of play as 88th-minute substitute , acted instinctively as if he had executed this maneuver a thousand times before . Without breaking stride he controlled the ball with a softening of his chest and then , as the near post of Sergio Romero 's goal encroached , placed the ball across his body with a left-foot volley . The German-made Brazuca ball flew into the far side of the net and the three-time world champions of Franz Beckenbauer , Lothar Matthaus and Fritz Walter , were once again on top of the footballing world , this time under Philipp Lahm 's leadership . It was a goal of sublime skill that epitomized all that has been good with Low 's side in Brazil -- in one moment Gotze 's goal ensured German dream had also come true . So what now lies ahead ? Germany 's future might bright but Honigstein argues they have some way to go to match the traditional global love felt for Brazil 's " A Selecao . " "  The reality is , as soon as you start winning a lot of things people want to see you fail . "  You can play beautiful football but people soon want another team to come to the fore , and accuse you of arrogance if you win too easily . "  Germany can still grow as a team with some really exciting youngsters , the likes of Marco Reus and Julian Draxler , coming through , " added Honigstein , referring to the Borussia Dortmund and Schalke attacking midfield players . "  I think the future is bright , but will Germany be adopted as the world 's favorite team ? I doubt it very much . " Maybe the German writer will be proved right , maybe there will always be a place in the heart of football fans for the poetry the Brazil of Pele , Zico and Rivelino invoked . But Brazil should not rest on its laurels . Cooperation for the greater good , investment and commitment to achieve the impossible was the German solution to their crisis nearly 15 years ago . As hosts of the tournament and so-called keepers of the soul of the beautiful game , it would be worth Brazilian football taking note as they experience their own nadir . Infographic : Why Brazil should have won	Mission improbable : Germany 's World Cup final win was 14 years in making Nadir : Poor performance in Euro 2000 prompted new German blueprint Solution : Emphasis and investment placed on youth development Result : Germany wins 2014 World Cup final with 1-0 victory over Argentina
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama announced what he called a "  landmark " trade agreement with South Korea on Saturday that he said will increase U.S. exports by $ 11 billion and support 70,000 American jobs . The agreement would eliminate tariffs on over 95 % of industrial and consumer goods within five years . "  It 's a win-win for both countries , " Obama said . "  It will contribute significantly to my goal of doubling U.S. exports over the next five years , " he said . "  In fact , it 's estimated that today 's deal alone will increase American economic output by more than our last nine free trade agreements combined . " Obama made the announcement just after the Senate rejected Obama 's proposal to extend the George W. Bush-era tax cuts to everyone but the wealthiest Americans . Obama said he was disappointed by the tax vote but looked forward to Congress ratifying the trade pact "  because if there 's one thing Democrats and Republicans should be able to agree on , it should be creating jobs and opportunity for our people . " The trade agreement would strengthen economic ties between Washington and Seoul at a time when the longtime U.S. ally faces an increasingly hostile northern neighbor The first version of the agreement was negotiated in 2007 by the Bush administration , but foundered in Congress . The new accord comes just weeks after negotiators failed to reach a deal at the G-20 summit , forcing Obama to walk away from the conference without an agreement . A long-running dispute over U.S. access to Korea 's auto and beef markets was largely responsible for the failure of the earlier agreement . But those issues have since been resolved . The new agreement calls for South Korea to reduce its tariff on U.S. auto imports from 8 % to 4 % , and fully eliminate it in five years . Meanwhile , the 2.5 % U.S. tariff on auto imports will remain in place until the fifth year , instead of being immediately eliminated as specified in the 2007 agreement . "  In particular , manufacturers of American cars and trucks will have much more access to the Korean market , will encourage the development of electric cars and green technology in the United States and will continue to ensure a level playing field for American automakers here at home , " Obama said . The deal sparked an almost immediate response from Public Citizen , a liberal group that characterized it as a "  Bush NAFTA-style trade deal . " "  Choosing to advance Bush 's NAFTA-style Korea free trade agreement rather than the new trade policy President Obama promised during his campaign will mean more American job loss , " Lori Wallach , the director of Public Citizen 's Global Trade Watch said in a statement . But a number of business leaders praised the deal . "  The resulting agreement provides greater clarity and transparency by affirmatively addressing the issues surrounding non-tariff and tariff barriers , " Ford Motor Co. . CEO Alan Mulally said as part of a statement released by the White House . CNNMoney 's Charles Riley contributed to this report .	He calls the agreement a ` win-win ' situation He says it will increase U.S. exports by $ 11 billion and support 70,000 jobs Some business leaders praised the deal
CNN  -- Former rugby superstar Jonah Lomu has revealed that he is poised to make a shock playing comeback at the age of 34 with French third-division club Marseille Vitrolles . Jonah Lomu pictured in action for New Zealand 's All Blacks during the 1999 World Cup in France . The giant New Zealander , who became a global name after an electrifying series of performances on the wing for the All Blacks at the 1995 World Cup , retired in 2007 after a succession of injuries hampered his attempt to return following a kidney transplant . He played 63 internationals , the last of them in 2002 , but was never able to regain his previous dominance even after regaining full health . "  Marseille Vitrolles is on the point of finalizing the transfer of the greatest legend in world rugby , " said statement on the club 's Web site . Lomu , who is featuring in a new worldwide advertising campaign for sportswear manufacturer adidas called "  Nothing Is Impossible " , was also quoted as confirming his desire to return to the playing field . "  I took a sabbatical year to be at my pregnant partner 's side and to fully enjoy this important moment in any man 's life , " he said on the Web site . "  Everyone thought I had ended my playing career , but that was wrong . I still feel the desire to play and it will be me alone who decides when to call it a day . "  My ambition is to help a club like Marseille join the group of top clubs in France . " Lomu was first diagnosed with nephrotic syndrome , a rare and serious kidney disorder , at the end of 1996 . He successfully returned to the game after treatment , but in May 2003 he was put on dialysis three times a week due to deterioration in his kidney function , with the treatment 's side effects leaving him with severe nerve damage in his feet and legs . Lomu faced life in a wheelchair if a kidney transplant was not performed , so underwent the operation . He signed a two-year contract with New Zealand province North Harbour in 2005 , and also played for Welsh club Cardiff Blues during the southern hemisphere 's off-season . However , he was unable to achieve his goal of being selected in the All Blacks squad for the 2007 World Cup in France , having suffered a shoulder injury . Lomu agreed to play in a charity match in England last year , but withdrew after injuring his ankle in training .	Former All Blacks winger Jonah Lomu to join French third-division club The 34-year-old will play for Marseille Vitrolles after supposedly retiring in 2007 New Zealander became rugby 's first global superstar after the 1995 World Cup He previously returned to playing after having a kidney transplant
CNN  -- Not a hippopotamus . Not his two front teeth . All Elliot Shirback wanted for Christmas this year was cards . It was a wish heard around the country . A houseful of cards poured in for the 25-year-old New York man who has Down syndrome , according to his mother 's Facebook pages . More than 1,800 have arrived , coming from nearly every state , CNN affiliate YNN reported . "  I 'm , like , blessed right now , " Shirback told the network . It all started because of his mother , Anne Daggett . Shirback was sad one day . She wanted to make him feel better so she asked what he wanted for Christmas . "  A hundred Christmas cards , " he said , according to his mother 's Facebook post . "  I said it might be a little too late for that and people have much things on the plate , " his mother wrote , "  If anyone can send him a card He would love it !!!!! " She included the address . Friends and family put the word out on Facebook and it exploded from there . "  I thought maybe he might get 35 cards at best . Next thing I know , it 's like a flurry and gone viral , " Daggett told YNN . Their home is now covered in cards . One reads : "  Elliot , you are loved . " "  It makes me happy , " he said . "  It 's like a gift , like somebody loves and cares about you . " Dying girl 's Christmas wish granted by 10,000 carolers	All Elliot Shirback wanted for Christmas this year was cards His mother made a Facebook request for her son , who has Down syndrome More than 1,800 cards have poured in from nearly every state , a CNN affiliate reports "  It makes me happy , " he says . "  It 's like a gift , like somebody loves and cares about you . "
CNN  -- A federal appeals court in Argentina has ruled that a grandmother must stand trial for growing two marijuana plants in her backyard . Argentina allows personal consumption of marijuana , and a federal judge had issued a stay against prosecuting the unnamed woman , who swore she used the marijuana solely for herself , the government 's Judicial Information Center said last week . But the public prosecutor 's office appealed the ruling , and a federal appeals court overturned the previous decision because the woman lives with her two sons and a grandchild . She could not prove the marijuana was solely for personal consumption , the three-page appeals court ruling said . Argentina 's Supreme Court ruled in August it is unconstitutional to punish an adult for private use of marijuana -- as long as the use does n't harm anyone else . The unanimous ruling made Argentina the second Latin American country within a one-week span last year to allow personal use of a formerly illegal drug . Mexico also enacted a law in August that decriminalized possession of small quantities of most drugs , including marijuana , heroin , cocaine and LSD . Earlier last year , a Brazilian appeals court ruled possession of drugs for personal use is not illegal .	Grandmother in Argentina will have to stand trial for growing two marijuana plants , court says Personal use of marijuana is allowed in Argentina as long as it does n't harm anyone else Appeals court says the woman could n't prove the marijuana was solely for her
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. military has tried to close the security gaps that it believes allowed a low-level military intelligence analyst to steal hundreds of thousands of classified documents and ultimately give them to the WikiLeaks website . Since the first batch of documents was published earlier this year , military officials have warned that they need to balance the security and limited access with the need for troops around the world to be able to see the latest , raw intelligence . "  In the wake of this incident , it will be a real challenge to strike the right balance between security and providing our frontline troops the information they need , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates said after WikiLeaks published a trove of documents about the war in Afghanistan . "  We want those soldiers in a forward operating base to have all the information they possibly can have that impacts on their own security but also being able to accomplish their mission . " After the WikiLeaks publications , Gates ordered two reviews of document security , according to Bryan Whitman , a Pentagon spokesman . As a result , stricter rules and more limiting technology has been used to help close the gaps while maintaining that balance , he said . "  Bottom line : It is now much more difficult for a determined actor to get access to and move information outside of authorized channels , " Whitman wrote in an e-mail to reporters Sunday . In the short term , Whitman said , computers within the Department of Defense classified system have been disabled from any ability to record and download information "  as a temporary technical solution to mitigate the future risks of personnel moving classified data to unclassified systems . " The ability to access classified information was instituted in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks as a way to promote intra-agency cooperation . Known in the government as Net-Centric Diplomacy , the initiative is meant to give those on the front lines a full range of details from diplomatic and military communications . It is this system that Pfc. Bradley Manning is charged with exploiting to download documents and slip them to WikiLeaks . A U.S. soldier who served in Iraq , Manning has been charged with illegally transferring classified data onto his personal computer and adding unauthorized software to a classified computer system . The 22-year-old is suspected of having downloaded thousands of other documents from a server in Iraq . Manning is currently being held by the military in Quantico , Virginia , as he awaits trial . According to the charges against him , he was able to not only download documents for which he had clearance but was able to gain access to information that "  knowingly exceeded his authorization access . " The Defense Department also has restricted the number of systems where data can be moved from a classified computer to an unclassified computer , and now it takes two people in order to move data "  to ensure proper oversight and reduce chances of unauthorized release of classified material . " The Pentagon is developing methods to monitors suspicious behavior , "  similar to procedures now being used by credit card companies to detect and monitor fraud , " Whitman explained . Still , there are some changes that have yet to be installed systemwide . A monitoring system to alert to unusual access of data is only overseeing 60 percent of the classified system , according to Whitman , although the installation of the monitoring system is being accelerated . The Pentagon also has increased training to make staff more aware of "  insider threat , " Whitman said .	Document security reviewed after previous WikiLeaks disclosures Pentagon says new safeguards make leaks "  much more difficult " Troops got more access to classified documents after 9/11 attacks
"  For the record , I 've always really loved Instagram . " So says Scout Willis , who recently protested the social photo sharing site by walking topless through the streets of New York City and posting the photographs on Twitter . Willis , the 22-year-old daughter of actors Bruce Willis and Demi Moore , wrote about her reasoning for her naked uprising for XOJane.com . Willis explained that "  Instagram had recently deleted my account over what they called ` instances of abuse . ' Which in reality amounted to a photo of myself in a sheer top and a post of a jacket I made featuring a picture of two close friends topless . " "  My situation was in no way unique ; women are regularly kicked off Instagram for posting photos with any portion of the areola exposed , while photos sans nipple -- degrading as they might be -- remain unchallenged , " Willis wrote . "  So I walked around New York topless and documented it on Twitter , pointing out that what is legal by New York state law is not allowed on Instagram . " It is not illegal in New York City for a woman to be topless in public as long as she is otherwise law abiding . The young actress wrote that she understands that many "  do n't want to take me seriously . " "  Or would rather just write me off as an attention-seeking , overprivileged , ignorant , white girl , " she said . "  I am white and I was born to a high profile and financially privileged family . I did n't choose my public life , but it did give me this platform . A platform that helps make body politics newsworthy . " The discussion is worth it to Willis , who points out that the Free the Nipple campaign has been around for a few years fighting to do away with the "  taboo of the nipple in the 21st century . " She said she 's happy to have furthered the discussion . "  I am not trying to argue for mandatory toplessness , or even bralessness , " Willis wrote . "  What I am arguing for is a woman 's right to choose how she represents her body -- and to make that choice based on personal desire and not a fear of how people will react to her or how society will judge her . No woman should be made to feel ashamed of her body . "	Scout Willis , the daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore , says she loved Instagram She walked topless in New York City to protest the websites policy on breast photos Her goal is that women should not be ashamed of their bodies
CNN  -- Dozens of affiliates of the American Civil Liberties Union have issued travel alerts for people heading to Arizona this Fourth of July holiday weekend -- the group 's latest effort to condemn the state 's new immigration law . Arizona 's measure stipulates that police can ask the residency status of people being investigated for a crime . "  Although the law is not scheduled to go into effect until July 29 , the ACLU is concerned that some law enforcement officers are already beginning to act on provisions of the law , " the ACLU said on its website . "  We hope the alerts provide people with some measure of protection from illegal harassment from law enforcement and inform them of their rights should they encounter it . " The travel alerts -- issued by ACLU affiliates from as far away as Alaska and New York -- inform people of their rights when stopped by law enforcement in Arizona , the ACLU said . Critics say the new law will lead to racial profiling and prevent police from doing their jobs by undermining trust in the Latino community . City governments and organizations opposed to the law have targeted Arizona with protests and boycotts But Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer and other state officials say the law is necessary because of the increasing number of people illegally entering the state from Mexico . In addition , Brewer has said the law does not target an individual 's specific ethnicity . "  It would n't matter if you are Latino or Hispanic or Norwegian , " she said last month . "  If you did n't have proof of citizenship and the police officer had reasonable suspicion , he would ask and verify your citizenship . I mean , that 's the way that it is . That 's what the federal law says . And that 's what the law in Arizona says . " In late May , a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll found that 57 percent of those surveyed favored Arizona 's new law , while 37 percent opposed it . The same poll also found that six in 10 respondents found that the federal government should focus on stopping the flow of illegal immigrants into the U.S. , deporting those already here and supporting more border security .	ACLU : Travel alerts inform people of their rights when stopped by law enforcement Law says police can ask the residency status of people being investigated for a crime ACLU says it 's concerned that officers will enforce law before July 29 effective date CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll : 57 percent of those surveyed favor Arizona law
CNN  -- This week India staged another phony protest . Political parties forced shops to shutter nationwide to object to a government policy allowing international retail giants greater participation in the world 's second most populous country . They were outraged on behalf of small shopkeepers . Indian shopkeepers protest government plan for retail However , for many mom-and-pop shops run in pokey back alleys and on street corners it was a case of "  more business than usual . " India 's small neighbourhood stores beavered away as always -- delivering much needed groceries home for free - even as the rest of the nation put up a brave fight anticipating the demise of these shops . India 's army of small-retailers , it seems , sensed no such threat . The shopping culture they share with millions of Indian shoppers is a hard one for big retailers to replicate . Most of the country 's small shops start life as rough makeshift spaces that grow into permanent outposts keeping pace with the demands of the community . They mushroom everywhere - in pockets rich and poor , urban and rural , uptown and downtown - stocking goods entirely to reflect the needs of the community they serve . The locals , who shop in equal measure for gossip and goods , often drop by for small purchases that can be as obscure as a bar of soap or a box of matchsticks . The friendly neighbourhood storekeeper , for those unwilling to bear the trip or the gossip , will also readily deliver such small purchases home , at no extra fee , as many times a day as he is called upon to -- perhaps the biggest reason why Indian households remember their grocery needs only from one day to another . For a majority of small shopkeepers , no order is too small and no house too far . In India , consumers who shop at these stores are n't looking for the usual supermarket experience . Customers flocking to corner-shops typically buy goods they need for a limited period and for a limited value . Groceries are felt , smelt and recommended before any actual purchase is made . It 's among few markets in the world where most groceries are still available unlabeled and un-packaged and can be bought in any quantity , however small or large . Oftentimes , goods are bought on credit with the only one collateral -- trust . And many a time , goods are returned -- without any proof of a bill . Try that at Walmart or Tesco . The biggest challenge for big retail , hoping to dent the business of small shopkeepers though , is familiarity . Not only do most small shopkeepers know their customers by name , they can also be relied upon for remembering individual grocery-buying patterns ; brand by brand , category by category . It 's a given that , even during the busiest periods , the local shopkeeper will remind the customer of things they have n't bought in a while . In short , the one-man retailer uses grocery records stored in his memory , far more interactively that a smart phone or the supermarket till ever will . To the neighborhood shopper then , the small shopkeeper is an extension of their household . To be fair , the entry of organized retail in the last few years has led to a different shopping experience for India 's middle class . It 's opened up an aspirational type of shopping , in sanitized environments with well-stocked shelves and everything from clothes to candy under one roof . Still , according to various industry estimates , such retail accounts for only some 7 percent of India 's $ 450 billion retail market . So far , no large Indian supermarket chain has managed to replicate the convenience-store format successfully , because it 's tough to offer goods on credit , personalize the service and stay profitable . Small retailers , who employ workers from the unorganized labour force , are estimated to extract three times the productivity of a uniformed employee at a supermarket . It 's even tougher for big-ticket retailers to squeeze margins on small quantities of goods to serve the whimsical needs of each neighborhood . It 's then hard to imagine how the world 's biggest retailers will wipe out the small mom-and-pop stores , which work to an organized chaos that few inventory-keeping systems can mimic . India 's small-retailers , unlike its deluded political class , realize that there is room for everyone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anjana Menon .	It was "  more business than usual " for India 's shopkeepers this week , says Anjana Menon This was despite political parties forcing some shops to close in protest at retail reforms The government plans to allow international supermarkets greater access to India But Menon says it is hard to imagine big retailers wiping out "  mom-and-pop " stores
CNN  -- Texas officials are asking the U.S. Supreme Court to step in and temporarily block a controversial congressional redistricting plan from going into effect Monday . The state 's attorney general , Greg Abbott , filed an emergency "  application " with the justices , saying a map approved by a federal panel in San Antonio is "  fatally flawed . " It would increase the number of districts dominated by minorities , especially Hispanic voters . The court-drawn map was imposed after Democrats and minority groups in Texas challenged the original plan approved by the GOP-led state legislature . Those seeking public office can begin filing their candidacies Monday , prompting the state 's time-sensitive appeal to the high court . "  Elections should not proceed based on legally flawed maps that are likely to be overturned on further review , " Abbott said in a written statement . The Supreme Court could allow the court-approved plan to remain in effect for now , or order the judicial panel to redraw the map , a process that could shorten the time candidates would have to campaign . The state 's primary election is set for March . Texas is getting four new congressional seats -- more than any other state -- after the latest census showed its population grew by 4 million people . The plan drafted by the three-judge panel would give minorities the majority in three of those congressional districts , and could give Democrats more seats statewide . "  Ninety percent of the growth in this state in the last decade was minority growth , " said Trey Martinez Fischer , a Democratic state representative . "  Sixty-five percent of that alone , Latino . So you would expect these new congressional districts would reflect the minority populations that created the opportunity . " Fischer leads the Texas House Mexican American Legislative Caucus , the key plaintiff in the lawsuit against the legislature 's original map . Under state rules , redistricting plans approved by the legislature can be challenged in court , with judges having the power to craft alternate maps . Republicans in the state have a super-majority in the legislature , meaning they needed no Democratic support to pass their plan . A similar party split a decade ago led Democratic lawmakers to flee to neighboring Oklahoma in an effort to kill the 2000 redistricting bill . Abbott said the federal court 's plan is an unconstitutional intrusion into the legislative process . "  It seems apparent that the proposed map misapplies federal law and continues the court 's trend of inappropriately venturing into political policymaking rather than simply applying the law , " Abbott said . "  Perhaps worst , in the name of protecting Hispanic voting power , the court seems to be discarding already elected Republican Hispanics in favor of drawing maps that may elect Democratic Hispanics . " The state 's Republican governor , presidential candidate Rick Perry , supported the map passed by the legislature , but has not signed it into law while the plan is challenged in court . All states are required to redo their voting boundaries following the recently completed nationwide census , conducted once every 10 years . The court-approved plan in Texas will stay in effect until all the legal challenges are exhausted . The high court appeal is Perry v. Perez  11A520  .	A federal court panel drew the map after the state legislature 's map was challenged Texas government officials say the federal plan is "  fatally flawed " Texas is getting four new congressional seats
For the first time since detailed records began being kept in 1992 , undocumented immigrants from Mexico made up less than half of those apprehended by U.S. Customs and Border Protection . More Central Americans were caught crossing into the United States illegally than Mexicans , according to statistics released Friday by the Department of Homeland Security . While Mexicans made up the single largest nationality apprehended by CBP , the combined number of Hondurans , El Salvadorans and Guatemalans apprehended was even larger . "  It 's the first time in recent history where  migrants other than Mexicans  exceeded Mexican nationals , " a DHS official said . But the big picture remains the same : Statistics show that the number of apprehensions of undocumented immigrants remains low , compared to a peak in 2000 . The debate over illegal immigration in the United States is often tied to the relationship the country has with Mexico , but the flow of migration are slowing from Mexico and increasing from Central America . "  This year 's statistics are informed by a number of complex and shifting factors , most notably the 68 % increase in migration from countries other than Mexico , predominately from Central America , and a 14 % drop in Mexican migration since fiscal year 2013 , " Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said in a statement . While the statistics released Friday , which cover fiscal year 2014 , show result of changing migration trends , it was not a surprise for officials . For at least four years , the trend has been the similar -- decreases in Mexican migration and increases in migrants from Central America , the official said . In 2014 , migrants from Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador represented 49 % of all apprehensions . Mexican nationals made up 47 % and migrants of other nationalities made up the rest . The changes in migration reflect the improving economic situation in Mexico , and the worsening security situation in Central America . Unaccompanied minors The number of apprehensions this year -- 486,651 -- was slightly higher than the 420,789 migrants apprehended in 2013 . CBP cites the surge in unaccompanied children and families who crossed illegally and turner themselves in to Border Patrol agents earlier this year . Some 68,631 unaccompanied children were apprehended in 2014 , an increase of 76 % compared to 2013 . The number of family units apprehended in 2014 was 68,684 , an increase of 356 % . Officials say the surge , which spiked over the summer , was controlled by September . For immigrant children , fate in U.S. a roll of the dice Deportation priorities During his term , President Barack Obama has used executive action to provide relief from deportation for some undocumented immigrants and set priorities for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  . These moves have postponed deportation proceedings against some who were brought illegally into the United States as children , and focused efforts of deporting those with criminal records . 24 states now suing Obama over immigration Still , immigrant advocates say families continue to be separated , even when there is no criminal conviction , by immigration enforcement measures . ICE reported that it is meeting the priorities with more success than before . Most of the undocumented immigrants removed or returned by ICE were apprehended at the border . About one-third of of those removed or returned by ICE were caught in the interior of the country . This year , 85 % of those who were apprehended in the interior and deported had been convicted of a criminal offense , compared to 67 % in 2011 . According to the agency , 98 % of the immigrants it returned or removed fell under one of the categories for priority deportation . ICE noted that its removals reflected the same trend of more Central Americans and less Mexicans . Removals of Central Americans increased in 2014 , the agency reported , while removals of Mexicans decreased .	This year , the majority of undocumented immigrants caught were from Central America Typically , most of the apprehensions are of Mexican nationals Mexican economic gains have slowed migration
CNN  -- Brazilian legend Pele believes his country will rise above the problems which are blighting its preparations for football 's global showpiece and put on a "  fantastic " World Cup . Demonstrations -- some violent -- have been taking place all over Brazil since last summer 's Confederations Cup , raising concerns about security at the upcoming tournament . They were originally organized to protest against increases in travel fares , but have since gone on to include demonstrations against staging the World Cup , corruption in government and a lack of social spending . But Pele , who played in three winning Brazilian World Cup sides , is confident that once the competition -- which starts on June 12 -- begins these issues will become of secondary importance . "  We have had political problems , " he told CNN . "  But the World Cup is a big party and it will be fantastic . " Despite his status as a national hero , the 73-year-old Pele came under fire for his reported criticism of protests which flared up at last year 's Confederations Cup and have continued on a sporadic basis ever since . It also apparently put him at odds with the current idol of the Brazilian fans , Barcelona 's Neymar , who said he was "  inspired " by the mass mobilization , which has focused on poor quality public services while billions of dollars are being spent on the World Cup and the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio . Pele was at pains to clarify his position . "  I agree with him  Neymar  -- we accept of course we want the best for our country in terms of schools and hospitals -- but the players have nothing to do with this or political corruption , " he said . "  So it 's wrong to boo the players like happened in the Confederations Cup , I repeat again they have nothing to do with corruption and the other problems . "  We need to separate these things because the players always show off the best side of Brazil , let 's support them -- because this is a good moment for us . " Politics aside , Pele is hoping Neymar , who starred for his old club Santos before his big money move to Barcelona last summer , will benefit from playing in European club football to help Brazil a record sixth World Cup triumph . " A lot of Brazilians were annoyed when Santos sold him to Barcelona , " he said . "  But for Neymar it was fantastic as he gets more experience at the highest level and this will help the national team . " Pele played a starring role in Brazil 's triumphs in the finals of the 1958 and 1970 World Cups and is hoping the current team can take their own place in footballing history . But he is wary about tipping them as winners - "  football is a box of surprises , " he said -- pointing to Argentina , Italy , Spain and Germany as their most dangerous challengers . "  But Brazilian football is still the best and most beautiful in the world , " he added .	Pele confident Brazil will host a successful World Cup later this year Mass protests and worries over infrastructure have blighted preparations Football legend says players are blameless for these problems and should be supported Believes Neymar will be better for having played with Barcelona
CNN Student News  -- March 28 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Libya • Japan : Disaster-affected Areas • Alabama Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : I 'm Carl Azuz and today , CNN Student News shows you what it looks like when the lights go down in the city . But our journey through today 's headlines starts in Libya . First Up : Libya Civil War AZUZ : And our first subject : who is leading the coalition military operation in that north African country . The U.S. has been in charge . But a deal was worked out over the weekend for NATO , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , to take responsibility for running the operation . The first part of that , NATO enforcing the no-fly zone over Libya , is scheduled to happen today . On the ground , Libyan forces are fighting against rebels who want Libya 's leader , Colonel Moammar Gadhafi , out of power . The rebels were pushing westward over the weekend and taking control of some key cities along the way . But in others , the fighting between rebels and military forces is fierce . President Obama is scheduled to give a speech tonight about the situation in Libya . That 'll happen at 7:30 ET . Crisis in Japan AZUZ : Over in Japan , we 're getting some conflicting reports about the radiation coming out of a damaged nuclear power plant . Early Sunday , tests showed that one building at the plant was giving off radiation levels 10 million times more than normal . Tokyo Electric , which owns the plant , later said the number was closer to 100,000 times normal level . The problems at the plant started with the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan a little over two weeks ago . In this YouTube video , you can see the impact of that tsunami . The water is rushing over the barrier , flooding a road . Then , it starts sweeping across a parking lot filled with cars . At this point , the flood is pouring in so fast you ca n't even see the barrier . And those cars are tossed around like toys in a tub , smashed up against the side of a building . This is how an entire town can be washed away . Eventually , the force of the water , the force of the cars , one building is just ripped off its foundation and floats away . It might seem strange to talk about a Cherry Blossom Festival in relation to the crisis in Japan . But the annual event in Washington , D.C. highlights the relationship between the U.S. and Japan . And this year , people used the festival to show their support for victims halfway around the world . BEGIN VIDEO DANIELLE PIACENTE , COMMUNICATIONS MANAGER , NATIONAL CHERRY BLOSSOM FESTIVAL : We thought it was a really good time to bring everyone together in a show of solidarity and support for the people of Japan in this great time of need . ICHIRO FUJISAKI , JAPANESE AMBASSADOR TO THE UNITED STATES : This a very tough fight . But the consolation is that people around the world are trying to be with us . NORITAKA TAKEZAWA , JAPANESE-AMERICAN : Cherry Blossom Festival , cherry blossom is always special for us . But this year , the Cherry Blossom Festival is very , very special . Japanese people , we need to restore our country again . For that , we need a lot of support , especially American support . A hundred years ago , Japanese people sent cherry blossoms to the United States . And after a hundred years , still blooming . And that represent our friendships . MAYA WALSH , JAPANESE-AMERICAN : My mother is Japanese , and I thought this is a good way to help support the efforts . My culture is really important to me , and I 'm really proud to be out here with everyone . KAZU KOYAMA , JAPANESE-AMERICAN : I just want the people of Japan to know that the people of the United States , from the bottom of their hearts , ordinary Americans truly and genuinely care for the Japanese people . And I hope that message can be brought to them through this festival . END VIDEO Sound Check GERALDINE FERRARO , 1984 DEMOCRATIC VICE PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : I want to thank Fritz Mondale for asking the convention to nominate me as his running mate . This choice says a lot about him , about where the country has come , and about where we want to lead it . Fritz called my road here , the classic American dream . He 's right . Remembering Ferraro AZUZ : Geraldine Ferraro , talking in 1984 about her nomination as the U.S. Democratic vice presidential candidate . Ferraro made history as the first female VP candidate from a major political party . Her running mate , Walter Mondale , said he picked her because "  she 's smart , she knows the issues , she believes in social justice . " Mondale and Ferraro did n't win the election . But 10 years later , Ferraro was inducted into the National Women 's Hall of Fame in recognition of her accomplishments and contributions to American society . Geraldine Ferraro died on Saturday from complications from blood cancer . She was 75 years old . Nuclear Plant Tour AZUZ : The name Three Mile Island might not sound very familiar to you , but it probably does to your parents and teachers . On this day in 1979 , Three Mile Island was the site of the most serious nuclear accident in U.S. history . With the crisis going on in Japan , some people are asking about the safety of nuclear facilities in the U.S. David Mattingly is here to give us a tour of one . BEGIN VIDEO DAVID MATTINGLY , CNN NEWS CORRESPONDENT : This is a rare look at the inner workings of a nuclear plant , this one owned by TVA , the Tennessee Valley Authority , at Browns Ferry . They 're opening up this tour today because they want to reassure the public that what happened in Japan could not happen here . This nuclear plant was built to generate electricity the same way as the stricken Fukushima Daiichi plant . But operators here say redundant layers of generators and batteries would keep the critical systems running after a catastrophe . This is a very interesting place right here . Just step through right here and right below my feet is a thousand pounds of pressurized steam . I 'm standing right on top of one of the reactors . Shutting it down in an emergency is easy . Keeping the nuclear fuel from overheating , though , was a problem in Japan . This is the pool where spent fuel rods are kept cool , just like the one that malfunctioned in the Japanese plant . Fire hoses are strung nearby to pump water into the pool manually if all systems fail . PRESTON SWAFFORD , TVA CHIEF NUCLEAR OFFICER : You can never in our business say ever , positively , because I think the Japanese may have said the same thing . But I 'll tell you , I do n't believe we 're going to have a 43-foot high wall of water that 's going to hit this interior plant inside in the state of Alabama . MATTINGLY : This big red area is a huge reservoir of water that sits underneath the reactor . The water in here is then pumped into the reactor in emergency situations . What I want to show you is right here , that piece of metal right there that looks like a shock absorber for your car . That 's a shock absorber for this reactor . It 's called a snubber , and it goes into operation in case there 's an earthquake . This plant is designed to withstand a 6.0 earthquake and a million-year flood on the Tennessee River . One big change after watching what happened in Japan : operators of this plant and others are going back to the drawing board to decide if they have figured out what is their worst-case scenario . They 'll be playing a very long game of "  what if " to determine if they 've got it right . David Mattingley , CNN , Browns Ferry , Alabama . END VIDEO Blog Report AZUZ : Our blog asked what you thought of a Florida school 's rules to accommodate a student with a life-threatening peanut allergy . If you have n't seen that report , you can find Friday 's show . It 's in our archive at CNNStudentNews.com . Zayne says "  the rules go overboard . The student should be homeschooled ; her parents are making the whole school go through a lot of hassle . " Colin calls protesting the new rules "  petty . " He ca n't believe some parents refuse to suffer the minor inconveniences mentioned to protect the welfare of a young girl . The results of our quick poll : 44 percent of you called the new rules appropriate ; 56 percent said they go too far . Shannon says "  the child deserves to be safe at school . The regulations on her classmates should be seen as compassion , not an inconvenience . " Effie asks "  why other people have to be responsible for another child 's health issue , " and says her sister has the same problem and was taught early how to handle it herself . Perspective from Zackson : "  Think about how the allergic girl must be feeling . All these new rules because of her -- that must be embarrassing . " Before We Go AZUZ : Our last story today is a dark one , but for a good reason . It 's Earth Hour ! Cities around the world flipped the switch this past Saturday , turning off their lights for one hour at 8:30 p.m. . The event started a few years ago in Australia . It 's designed to raise awareness about environmental issues . Last year , more than 100 countries participated . If you want to get involved with all this , you better be serious about going dark . Goodbye AZUZ : Because once you 've committed to Earth Hour , you ca n't black out . A little pun to lighten the mood . That story was lights out ! And so are we . We 'll see you tomorrow .	Discover who is set to take the lead on coalition operations in Libya Hear how a U.S. festival offers the chance to show support for Japan Tour a U.S. nuclear plant to learn about the facility 's safety measures Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been crystal clear about the goals of Operation Protective Edge . Destroy Hamas ' tunnels , end its rocket-fire  and that of Islamic Jihad  , and bring about "  sustainable quiet " for the people of Israel by demilitarizing Gaza . Those aims were restated by Netanyahu 's spokesman , Mark Regev , as the latest ceasefire came into force Tuesday . "  We do n't want to see that terrorist military machine rebuilt , " he told CNN . "  We have to make sure that Gaza stays demilitarized . " After nearly a month of combat , the Israeli Defense Forces  IDF  say they have destroyed 32 "  offensive " tunnels . Hamas ' stocks of rockets have been depleted  by about two-thirds  , its launch facilities hit hard , the IDF says . But how do you define "  demilitarized ? " Hamas ' short-range mortars killed more Israelis than its rockets -- does Israel insist on those being surrendered ? How would they even be found ? And by whom ? Sustainable quiet will depend on factors Israel can influence , but not control : Above all its willingness to offer the 1.8 million people of Gaza a future that is something better than an open prison . It 's estimated around two-thirds of Gazans have never left the Strip ; Palestinian writer Amir Nizar Zuabi speaks of a desperate fatalism after nearly a decade of conflict . "  We , who were attacked from the sky , from the sea , from the fields , who had one-ton bombs dropped on our heads in pointless rounds of killing , have turned our back on life , " he wrote in Haaretz this week . Can they turn again -- and glimpse a future in which they can sell their produce in foreign markets and travel freely , in which they can find work , build homes and see their children receive an education without the overhanging fear of the next bombardment ? Such a possibility was envisaged in the agreement that ended the last conflict in 2012 and provided for "  opening the crossings and facilitating the movements of people and transfer of goods , and refraining from restricting residents ' free movements and targeting residents in border areas . " But the agreement was not implemented . "  Israel had committed to holding indirect negotiations with Hamas over the implementation of the ceasefire but repeatedly delayed them , " partly because of domestic political considerations , writes Nathan Thrall , a senior analyst with the International Crisis Group , in the London Review of Books . Israeli officials and analysts have cited elections and coalition-building as delaying any meaningful engagement , even though 2013 saw fewer rocket attacks than any year since 2006 . Will it be different this time ? The destruction of entire Gaza neighborhoods  Zeitoun , Beit Hanoun , Khuzaa to name but three  and the displacement of more than 500,000 people according to U.N. estimates Tuesday -- will demand a huge reconstruction program . Netanyahu says Israel is "  demanding that the rehabilitation of Gaza be linked to its demilitarization . " On the contrary , says Maen Areikat , the PLO 's envoy in the U.S. : "  What they should offer is an end to the blockade , an end to the occupation , before they can even ask the Palestinians to consider the idea of being demilitarized . " Retired Brigadier-General Yossi Kuperwasser , Director-General of Israel 's Ministry of Strategic Affairs , says this linkage or sequencing is the $ 64,000 question . "  The old ideas did n't work , " he said . "  We need new ones . We have to make sure the international community takes steps so that cement coming into Gaza is used for civilian projects . " Kuperwasser said a "  totally different structure of supervision should be in place " before Israel can allow what might be called dual-use materials into Gaza . That structure would include , according to Israeli officials , a Palestinian Authority police force at the Rafah crossing into Egypt . The European Union has offered to reactivate its Border Assistance Mission , which operated at the Rafah crossing between 2005 and 2007 , as a second layer of supervision at all crossings . Hamas : a change of heart , or tactics ? Will Hamas , chastened by a devastating onslaught that has left hundreds of its fighters dead or captured , and which has seen the tunnels in which it invested so heavily blown up and bulldozed , simply start over -- preparing for the next round ? Or will it see a new reality amid the dust and rubble ? Few observers expect Hamas to give up the language of defiance . It can derive some satisfaction from the level of resistance its fighters offered , especially in close-quarters fighting in places like Shujayya . The predictions of some Israeli officials that Hamas fighters would melt away once the going got tough were confounded . Veteran defense writer Amos Harel says in Haaretz : "  Hamas was not defeated ; the organization will remain in power in Gaza and -LSB- will be -RSB- the key partner in any future agreement . " But the movement is beleaguered . Its leadership has gone underground , literally and metaphorically , to avoid assassination by IDF air-strikes . It faces a severe financial crisis , unable to pay the salaries of government employees . It 's been abandoned by former patrons Iran and Syria , and is caught in the growing Shia-Sunni divide across the Arab world . Its chief financier , Qatar , which has stepped in to pay $ 20 million a month in wages to Gazan workers , is under pressure from other Gulf states to scale back support for Hamas . Above all President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt has strangled Hamas economically and militarily . Soon after the overthrow of President Mohamed Morsy a year ago , el-Sisi -- then military chief -- moved to close the smuggling tunnels under the Egyptian-Gaza border , depriving Hamas of much-needed revenue and its only way to import weapons . Hamas may also face growing dissent within Gaza , or at least less support , as people weigh up the cost , in human and financial terms , of the latest conflict . In Shujayya Tuesday , Hany Mahmoud el Harezen surveyed the ruins of his house . "  I am a wedding photographer . I have nothing to do with this war , " he told CNN . "  Maybe if we had got some concessions it would be worth it , but we got nothing . " It appears to be a growing sentiment , and one that Kuperwasser thinks will help change Hamas ' calculations . "  It has made a strategic decision , " he says , "  to give up part of its terrorist identity in order to keep control over Gaza . " Netanyahu 's options For now , Netanyahu can negotiate from a position of strength . He , his Defense Minister and the Israeli Chief of Staff have enjoyed better than 80 % approval ratings for much of the campaign , despite the deaths of more than 60 Israeli soldiers -- a far higher toll than during the fully-fledged invasion of Gaza in 2008-09 . "  There is trust from the Israeli public that this triumvirate know exactly what they are doing , " said Marcus Sheff of the Israel Project . "  They feel they have a leadership that is controlled and moderate in defending them and doing what needs to be done on the military and political level . " Even the opposition Labor Party has praised the conduct of the campaign . "  They operate very carefully , proportionately . I think they defend Israel through their decisions , " Labor Knesset member Nachman Shai told CNN . If anything , it is the right-wing that challenges Netanyahu -- with some in the coalition government saying the campaign in Gaza has not gone far enough and that Hamas should be crushed . Netanyahu has warned cabinet ministers pushing for a more aggressive approach to fall into line . He appears to accept that Hamas can not be eradicated , certainly not without a full occupation of Gaza that would be a quagmire and entail international condemnation . Some Israeli officials believe Hamas actually serves a purpose -- preventing fundamentalist groups like Islamic Jihad from taking over Gaza . They are also happy to see the Palestinians in two camps : Hamas and the Palestinian Authority rather than united under one flag . An end to the two-state solution ? Netanyahu is now the second-longest serving Prime Minister in Israel 's history , To some observers his longevity is down to his innate caution , his refusal to make compromises that might down the road put Israel 's security at risk . As the latest conflict in Gaza erupted , he said that had Israel given up security control of the West Bank , it would be inviting disaster . "  If we were to pull out of Judea and Samaria , like they tell us to , there 'd be a possibility of thousands of tunnels " Expanding on the theme , Netanyahu added : "  There can not be a situation under any agreement in which we relinquish security control of the territory west of the River Jordan . " To many observers in Israel that was shorthand for "  there will be no Palestinian state . " The prospect of a wider peace deal seems as far away as ever , even if its essential components are the same as they were 20 years ago -- a two-state solution , co-existence between Israel and the West Bank with mutually agreed territorial swaps , and the removal of most Jewish settlements from the West Bank . Senior Israeli officials look at the turmoil around them , from Iraq and Syria to Libya , and ask whether settling the Palestinian issue is still the most pressing of the day . Arab governments are preoccupied with survival , not Palestinian liberation . Kuperwasser at Israel 's Ministry of Strategic Affairs says the real threat to the region is Islamist radicalism ; and that has brought together Israel and moderate Arab states such as Egypt and Jordan  and by extension Saudi Arabia . To many observers , an agreement between Fatah and Hamas signed on April 23 this year provides the best -- perhaps the only -- hope of breaking the cycle of violence . In it , Hamas agreed to a "  consensus government " of Palestinians that pledged non-violence , the recognition of Israel , and adherence to past agreements , a government that would restore the influence of the Palestinian Authority in Gaza . "  Tragically , Israel rejected this opportunity for peace and has succeeded in preventing the new government 's deployment in Gaza , " say former U.S. President Jimmy Carter and Mary Robinson , a former U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , in "  Foreign Policy . " If this government is now allowed to take root in Gaza , to take responsibility for its reconstruction and allow for an internationally-agreed and verifiable program of demilitarization , perhaps the future can be different . But as Nathan Thrall of the International Crisis Group concludes : "  This solution would of course have been available to Israel , the U.S. , Egypt and the Palestinian Authority in the weeks and months before the war began , before so many lives were shattered . "	Israel has been clear that the aim of Operation Protective Edge was to demilitarize Hamas But CNN 's Tim Lister says , to secure peace , Israel needs to offer Gazans a better future He says many observers believe a Fatah-Hamas deal in April was the best chance for peace Israel rejected that , he says , and while it could be implemented still , lives have been lost
CNN  -- Authorities searched a church near where an 8-year-old California girl was found dead Monday in the hopes of finding clues that would lead to her killer . Mourners leave condolences for Sandra Cantu , who was found dead on April 6 in Tracy , California . The body of Sandra Cantu of Tracy , California , was found stuffed into a suitcase in a dairy-farm pond . Cantu had been missing since March 27 . Tracy police Sgt. Tony Sheneman told CNN 's Nancy Grace he would not elaborate on what evidence led them to Clover Road Baptist Church . He would say only that detectives developed probable cause that persuaded a judge to sign a search warrant . Lane Lawless , the church 's pastor , told CNN affiliate KCRA he was questioned for about three hours by police , adding that he had nothing to do with Cantu 's disappearance or death . "  We have fully cooperated with the police , " Lawless told KCRA . "  We have answered all their questions . " Authorities also searched the mobile home park Tuesday where the girl lived . Watch report on murder investigation " "  Investigators are looking at additional information they received since yesterday  Monday  and , hopefully , that will lead us to Sandra 's killers , " Sheneman said . Asked if his use of the plural meant police were looking for more than one person , Sheneman responded , "  We have no specific suspects . " Watch Sheneman say there has not been an arrest in the case " Sheneman also implied the killer likely was familiar with the location where the body was found . He said he himself was unfamiliar with the location where the girl 's body was found , despite having lived in the community for nearly 12 years . "  Someone would have to be familiar with that area to know to go there , " he said . Watch how the suitcase was found " Sheneman said police had no one in custody , despite having interviewed hundreds of people regarding the case . "  Everyone that we speak to right now is being considered a person of interest , " he said . "  We 're not eliminating anyone . " The autopsy was being conducted Tuesday , but it was not clear when the report would be available . "  It 's going to be some time before we hear from the coroner , " Sheneman said . "  I ca n't tell you when that 's going to be . " More than 10 search warrants have been executed as part of the investigation and "  a lot " of evidence has been recovered , Sheneman said . The day Cantu was last reported seen , she returned home from school , kissed her mother and left to play with a friend who lives nearby . A short time later , wearing a pink Hello Kitty T-shirt and black leggings , she left to go to another friend 's home , according to a family spokeswoman . Police said Monday the girl 's clothing helped them identify the body .	NEW : Police search church near mobile park home where Sandra Cantu lived Police would not say what evidence led to search of church Cantu was found in suitcase in a pond near her California home Cantu had been missing since March 27
CNN  -- The British government condemned China 's execution of a British national Tuesday on drug smuggling charges . "  I ... am appalled and disappointed that our persistent requests for clemency have not been granted , " Prime Minister Gordon Brown said . "  I am particularly concerned that no mental health assessment was undertaken . " Akmal Shaikh was convicted of carrying up to 4 kilograms  8.8 pounds  of heroin at the Urumqi Airport in September 2007 . According to Chinese law , 50 grams  1.76 ounces  is the threshold for the death penalty . China defended the execution in a statement issued by the Chinese Embassy in London . "  Drug trafficking is a grave crime worldwide , " the statement said . "  The concerns of the British side have been duly noted and taken into consideration by the Chinese judicial authorities in the legal process , and Mr. Shaikh 's rights and interests under Chinese law are properly respected and guaranteed . " The 53-year-old is the first European executed in China in 50 years , according to the British legal group Reprieve . "  We are deeply saddened , stunned and disappointed at the news of the execution of our beloved cousin , Akmal , " Soohail and Nasir Shaikh said in a statement issued on behalf of the family . "  This was carried out this morning despite repeated requests for clemency and a proper appraisal of Akmal 's mental state . " His family and the British government had asked Chinese leaders for clemency . His supporters argued that Shaikh was mentally ill , and that Chinese officials did not take his mental condition into account when trying him . Shaikh 's advocates say he suffered from a bipolar disorder and that he was tricked into carrying heroin into China with promises of a career as a pop singer . Brown raised Shaikh 's case with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao during the international climate summit in Denmark earlier this month . British Foreign Secretary David Miliband echoed Gordon 's concerns about the execution . "  The UK is completely opposed to the use of the death penalty in all circumstances , " Miliband said . "  However , I also deeply regret the fact that our specific concerns about the individual in this case were not taken into consideration . ... These included mental health issues , and inadequate professional interpretation during the trial . " Sally Rowen , legal director with Reprieve , condemned the execution . "  The death of Akmal Shaikh is a sad indictment of today 's world , and particularly of China 's legal system , " she said . "  Akmal was a gentle man who suffered from a tormenting illness ... and was betrayed and deliberately killed by one of the most powerful nations on Earth . " Before the execution , Philip Alston , the U.N. special rapporteur on extrajudicial executions , said it would be a "  major step backwards for China " to execute a mentally ill man . "  Both Chinese and international law clearly indicate that a person who committed a crime while suffering from significant mental illness should not be subjected to the death penalty , " Alston said in a statement released by Reprieve . China expressed hope that the case would not affect the relationship between the two nations . "  We value the China-British relationship , " said Jiang Yu , a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman . "  So we hope the British authority can treat this matter rationally and not let it create new barrier between the two countries . I have emphasized that this is an independent criminal case . It has nothing to do with anything else . "	NEW : China defended the execution in a statement issued by the Chinese Embassy in London Akmal Shaikh 's supporters said he was mentally ill and officials did not take that into account when trying him British government had asked China not to execute Shaikh but China says it has followed law
CNN  -- It 's been quite some time since someone made fun of me for being from New Jersey . But the Gov. Chris Christie bridge scandal is bringing the old Joisey stereotypes back into play . "  New Jersey smells bad , " "  New Jersey drivers are the worst ! " and , quite possibly the most inaccurate accusation , "  Jersey made Snooki and J-Woww ! "  Not ours ! They 're both from New York .  We 're not a boorish population living in an industrial wasteland . The same old disparaging remarks have made Garden Staters thick-skinned underdogs . I 'm convinced the New Jersey Turnpike was built to keep outsiders out , because the concrete blight along many stretches shows no evidence of why Jersey is called the Garden State . Once you get off on any exit , you will see Jersey is so much more than what most saw in the "  Sopranos " introduction . I 'm here to clear the air : New Jersey is one of the most underestimated states in the country . Do n't knock it until you 've traveled it . Want to give it a try ? Here are six spots to check out from north to south . Jersey City Go on a food tour of diverse Jersey City . You 'll find authentic and affordable Mexican food at Taqueria , a savory crepe at French restaurant Madame Claude 's , new American food using seasonal , local ingredients at Thirty Acres , and do n't miss Marco and Pepe 's for brunch  three words : croissant French toast  . Once you 've sufficiently indulged , catch a movie at the Loew 's Jersey Theatre , a not-for-profit historic landmark built in 1929 that has hosted the likes of Bing Crosby , Duke Ellington , Jean Harlow , Bob Hope and , more recently , the American rock band Neutral Milk Hotel . Cool , right ? If you want to get in touch with mother nature in this densely populated area , head north for a hike or bike ride in beautiful Palisades Interstate Park , a historic national landmark , and one of my favorite places in the world . West New York , New Jersey Hungry after the hiking and biking ? Luckily you 're minutes away from some of the best Hispanic food in the tri-state area in West New York . Head over to Bergenline Avenue , the longest commercial avenue in New Jersey , and go for a nice long urban stroll with ample people-watching , shopping and eats from El Salvadorean to Mexican to Peruvian or Cuban . So many choices . Having trouble deciding ? Start stretching your stomach at Dulce de Leche , an Argentine cafe and bakery where magical dulce de leche pastries and beef , chicken , ham , cheese or spinach empanadas are made with mucho amor . Princeton If you 're looking for a mix of history , an art scene and tree-lined streets , then you 're hankering for Princeton . Fancy . Take a walking tour of Princeton University 's Ivy League campus , which dates to 1754 . It 's well worth it . As for art , you 'll want to head over to the Princeton University Art Museum , which houses more than 72,000 works of art . After soaking in all that art and culture , stop for a treat . Now , while I 've heard the Bent Spoon is where "  the party is at " for their gelatos , I can only vouch for Thomas Sweet Ice Cream on Nassau Street . They 're famous for their blend-ins , way before a chain ice cream shop became popular for it . Since you 're already on Nassau Street , you might as well shop . It only makes sense . Bookstores , dining spots and gift shops , oh my ! Frenchtown Now that you 're an unofficial Garden Stater , you 'll want to get in your car and drive  it 's what we do  to Frenchtown , along the banks of the Delaware River . Rolling hills , green fields and scenic views support the state 's lush moniker . If you 're there anywhere from May to September , slap on some sunscreen and go for a gentle tube ride or some rafting . For those looking for some imported furniture or home decor from Southeast Asia , go to Two Buttons , owned by the author of "  Eat , Pray , Love , " Elizabeth Gilbert , and her husband . Asbury Park Now , as the locals say , we 're "  going down the shore . " Out-of-towners have a stale notion of caked layers of fake tanning spray and so-called guidos galore along the Jersey Shore , thanks to the MTV show . The state 's coast is actually defined by its historic boardwalks , arcades and amusement parks thick with nostalgia . When I want to stay close to the tri-state area but still want to feel like I went on a mini-getaway , I go to Asbury Park . I love it 's old-timey charm , boardwalk , lounges and restaurants , and , of course , beaches . It never gets completely packed with people , so you 'll find some peace and quiet . If you 're a Bruce Springsteen fan  of course you are , who is n't !?  , you should make it a point to go to the historic Stone Pony , where he got his start . Not far is Asbury Lanes , another no-frills but fun music venue and vintage bowling alley . Cape May Finally , for a real getaway , keep driving south until you reach the southern tip of Jersey and charming and quaint Cape May , which stakes a claim as the nation 's oldest seaside resort . A National Historic Landmark , Cape May is filled with lovely Victorian homes . You can stroll on the boardwalk , visit the historic Cape May lighthouse , go whale or dolphin watching or go wine tasting at the Cape May Winery . Embrace your inner Jersey girl and enjoy some of the Garden State 's finer things before the rest of the out-of-towners catch on . But if you do n't , it 's no skin off our back . More for us .	New Jersey is the butt of jokes once again , thanks to its governor But from Princeton to Asbury Park , New Jersey is for travelers Try ethnic food in Jersey City ; explore nature in Frenchtown
CNN  -- Nelson Mandela ached to come home , his family says , and he did so Sunday -- his burial the last part of a long journey that had lasted nearly a century . The prisoner turned president 's funeral in his childhood village of Qunu marked the end of 10 days mourning , during which tribal elders guided Mandela 's transition to the afterlife . The funeral was a final chance for those who knew him best to say goodbye . Mandela 's daughter Maki told me her father had always been a country boy at heart , and wanted to return to his remote farm in the Eastern Cape , one of South Africa 's most rural areas . "  Even when my father was in jail , he had the fondest memories of Qunu , " she said . "  And he really wanted to die here . " Pointing to a chair in the living room she said : "  This is Tata 's special chair ... he would sit like this , with a cushion here , because he enjoyed looking out into the hills . " Mandela 's casket lay in his bedroom overlooking those hills overnight ahead of his funeral . Tribal elders held a vigil and a family prayer service took place Sunday morning . The state funeral service was held in a huge domed tent , surrounded by cows grazing in the neighboring fields . Inside , 95 candles burned , each representing one year of his life . Inside that tent -- filled with the sweet scent of white roses and lilies -- the Mandela family shared their grief with some 4,000 guests and television cameras broadcasting the service to the world . Friends and family mourned alongside heads of state , royalty and celebrities who had made their way along South Africa 's back roads to Mandela 's burial place . As well as being about family and loss , the state funeral was a mixture of power and politics , of belonging and belief . Mandela had a canny knack of building relationships and among those at his funeral were those who represented the old apartheid order . The great reconciliator continued to bring people together in death , just as he had in life . Mandela 's burial , however , was private . A few hundred mourners walked up the hills where he had played as a child to say goodbye . Mandela 's eldest daughter carried a reed mat that was laid on the floor of the grave , evoking the sense Mandela was going to rest on a traditional sleeping mat . The television coverage turned skyward to catch a flypast of planes and helicopters as Mandela was finally laid to rest , in a grave surrounded by local plants designed to evoke the journey of his life . Mandela 's granddaughter Tukwini said it had been a challenge to organize the funeral in the remote location "  but my grandfather was born here . " "  This is where my grandfather told us who we were as Mandelas , " she explained . Mandela 's family says his spirit is now in Qunu . Finally , after a life journey that was long , proud and honored , Nelson Mandela is home . Hamba Kahle Tata . Lala Kahle Tata . Goodbye father . Sleep well . Read more : Mandela used humor to charm and cajole Read more : A look inside Mandela 's memorial garden Read more : Nelson Mandela laid to rest in Qunu	Anti-apartheid hero Nelson Mandela laid to rest in his childhood village Funeral and burial ended 10 days of mourning for South Africa 's first black president More than 4,000 people gathered at Mandela 's funeral service in a tent in the Qunu hills His family told CNN 's Robyn Curnow they believed his spirit was now at home
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It was against the terms of the Russia/Georgia cease-fire , brokered by France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy . It was directly in contravention of the request not to do it from President George W. Bush of the United States . But Russia 's President Dimitri Medvedev has gone and done it anyway . He has made Russia the first country to recognize the independence of South Ossetia and Abkhazia . Russian President Dmitri Medvedev says it has recognized the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia . So does that , as some of the more fevered commentators are suggesting , amount to a new Cold War ? It certainly ratchets up the East-West tension still further . It breaks the terms of a cease-fire which insisted Georgia 's territorial integrity should be respected . Russia 's announcement that it will station troops in the two territories to ensure their "  security " , a word others might spell as "  subservience " , is a direct provocation . It is , says Georgia , an illegal "  annexation " . Other European nations have hastened to condemn it as an unacceptable rewriting of borders by force . What do you think of Russian recognition ? U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , currently in the Middle East , points out that it is in contravention of U.N. Security Council resolutions that the Russians have accepted . Sarkozy has called a meeting of EU leaders for Monday to look at Georgia and at future relations with Russia . But before we start talking about a new Cold War -- and Western leaders from Bush down are being careful not to do so -- we should examine the context . After the military action initiated by Georgia early in August , there never was a chance that South Ossetia and Abkhazia , which have in effect been independent since the early 1990s , would return to control by Tblisi . Applying a blowtorch is n't necessarily the best way of settling what had become known as "  frozen conflicts " . Russia has long been in a position to bully and has now been given the excuse to do so . For years the two disputed territories have survived on Russian military and economic assistance . Although Abkhazia seeks fuller independence , a large number of South Ossetians , perhaps 70 or 80 per cent of them , have Russian passports and would vote for membership of the Russian Federation . Both disputed territories use the rouble . But this is n't , and never has been , just about Georgia . It is about the reassertion of regional power by a country which had smarted for years over the collapse of the Soviet Union and the eastward march of NATO , swallowing up former members of the Warsaw Pact . What we are seeing is a resurgent Russia currently prepared to strut the beach kicking sand in everybody 's eyes and defying any affronted party to take them on . When NATO leaders met in the wake of the invasion of Georgia and came up with nothing more concrete than the "  suspension of normal relations " , the weakness of a divided West was all too obvious to Putin and Medvedev . They have now taken the next step down the line of provocation . "  Scrap the NATO-Russia Council altogether and see if we care ! " is the message . And , playing as the back-beat sub-theme through all this is the question of Kosovo , a question which looks very different according to whether you are seated in Moscow , Belgrade , Brussels or Washington . "  If it was right for the Kosovar Albanians to be given the right to declare independence from Serbia , then why should n't the people of South Ossetia be allowed to choose separation from Tblisi ? " demand the Medvedev-Putin supporters in the Russian Parliament . "  Ah yes , " some say , "  but what about those threats from Moscow to turn Russian missiles against Poland now that the Poles have agreed to host the anti-missile batteries for the US missile defense plan ? Is n't that a dangerous new escalation ? " Again , it depends where you are sitting . "  How would Washington like it if the Russians were to stage anti-missile batteries in Mexico ? " is Moscow 's answer . What seems to be forgotten amid the current rhetorical battle is that the threats to make Poland a target for Russian missiles are nothing new . Before the G8 summit back in 2007 , Putin got the world in a tizzy with precisely the same threats , at that stage being used to stir Polish domestic opposition to the idea of hosting the missile battery . In October 2007 , Putin said the missile plan risked becoming a new Cuban missile crisis , probably the closest the world ever came to a nuclear war . Then , during an election , he threatened to point missiles at western Europe , walk away from a 1980s treaty limiting missiles and scrap a treaty limiting conventional forces in Europe  which Russia has since done  . First Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Ivanov , then seen as Putin 's potential successor , threatened to site cruise missiles in Kaliningrad , the Russian enclave between Poland and Lithuania . General Nikolai Saltsov , then in charge of Russia 's ballistic arsenal , said last December : "  I do not exclude the missile defense shield sites in Poland and the Czech Republic being chosen as targets for our intercontinental ballistic missiles . " The big problem for the West  and especially next Monday 's meeting of EU leaders , who need to make a more effective job of it than NATO 's foreign ministers did last week  , is just how to respond to Russia 's current bout of strutting without making things worse -- and how to do it without cutting off their own noses in the process . They could agree to make it harder for Russia to join the World Trade Organisation . They could even threaten to eject Russia from the G8 . But what do they gain by doing so , especially those of them in the EU who depend on Russia for a hefty chunk of their energy supplies ? For years the West has been trying to draw Russia in , not push it further out into the cold . They need Russia 's cooperation on climate change , on fighting terrorism , on achieving peace in the Middle East and on curbing Iran 's nuclear ambitions . And , let it not be forgotten , in keeping open NATO 's supply routes for its mission in Afghanistan . The West is not ready to go to war over Russia 's neighbors  or "  near abroad " as Moscow terms it  but it does still have a role to play in the Russian economy . The EU may be dependent on Russian energy but it is also Russia 's biggest customer . It should use the economic levers it has , refuse to allow the Russians to pick off individual members with bilateral deals and learn to use its collective strength in demanding common standards of its fellow G8 member . The worst thing it could do is to utter threats which it will not , or can not , follow through .	Russian president signs order recognizing independence of Georgian territories West opposes the decision , says that it impinges on Georgian international borders Overshadowing the issue is the West 's recognition of Kosovo independence Analysis : The worst the West could do is to utter threats it does not follow through
CNN  -- The annual San Diego Comic-Con , North America 's biggest popular arts convention , is a gathering of fans and celebrities from all over the world . Micro-video apps like Vine and Instagram were everywhere this year at the convention , and CNN iReporters took on the challenge of doing 15-second interviews with interesting people -- both famous and not-so-famous -- that they ran into during the long weekend . The results , though not always exactly 15 seconds , were a snapshot of the many varying events and people who populate the Con each year . From fans celebrating their favorite shows on Syfy , to the ever-growing phenomenon of cosplay , to the stars of the TV series "  Impractical Jokers " talking about their favorite practical joke , Jack Black 's cape , unusual hats , and yes , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle stalking , here 's a quick look at how the Con has evolved into a smorgasbord of pop culture . Thanks to iReporters Joyce Chow , Christiane Elin , Lisa Hernke , James Lewis , Chris Morrow and Tony Perri for sharing their video interviews . First , William Shatner confesses his most memorable  if not downright scary  fan moment to a group including Chris Morrow . Meet just a few of the other celebrities who promote TV series at Comic-Con every year , as Christiane Elin interviewed Aisha Tyler and the "  Impractical Jokers . "  truTV is a Time Warner network , like CNN . Cosplay , short for "  costume play , " has grown in popularity at Comic-Con , as seen in this video from Tony Perri . Jack Black spoke to Morrow about his love of the capes that came with the official Comic-Con bags . Another example of the random encounters at the Con comes from Lisa Hernke and Christiane Elin  who spoke to "  Haven " fan Jon Allen from Riverside , California  . TV 's No. 1 show , "  The Walking Dead , " had a big launch at Comic-Con in 2010 , and every year the show 's elaborate booth outdoes itself . Perri and James Lewis checked it out . The chance to play the Playstation 4 was one of the big gaming draws this year , as Morrow found out . Stars of "  Defiance " and "  Impractical Jokers " talk at Comic-Con , in videos from Elin and Cherry Davis . "  The Incredible Hulk " himself , Lou Ferrigno , who has portrayed the character in live action and animation , is an annual presence at the Con . Perri spoke to him . Davis and Elin present more favorite practical jokes and Kristen Hager from Syfy 's "  Being Human . " Where do cosplayers get their inspiration ? Joyce Chow asked this man playing Wolverine . Lewis attended the "  Game of Thrones " panel when Emmy nominee Emilia Clarke spoke about her character . Elin came across Los Angeles resident Nikki Renieris wearing a pineapple hat  unusual hats are prevalent at the Con  at an event for the TV series "  Psych , " and also interviewed cast members from "  Lost Girl . " Ryan "  Agent M " Penagos from Marvel Comics gave Morrow the rundown on their oversized booth this year . Elin learned more about gaming at the Con from Konami 's John Choon , and met Ksenia Solo from Syfy 's popular "  Lost Girl . " Comic-Con spokesman David Glanzer discussed the past and future of the convention with Morrow . Perri shot video of the ferry ride to the Con from his home of Coronado , California . Andrew Garfield was in costume as Spider-Man for his panel on "  Amazing Spider-Man 2 . " Women are driving the social media conversation at Comic-Con , according to a recent study , and have embraced cosplay more each year , as Morrow found in this series of short interviews . You ca n't have Comic-Con without preview night , a parade of toys and other merchandise on the convention floor . Here 's writer Jane Espenson  "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer , " "  Battlestar Galactica , " "  Once Upon a Time "  and a representative for the Girl Scouts at a panel on bullying the last day of Comic-Con for the year . .	San Diego Comic-Con is the largest pop culture convention in North America People from all walks of life visit the convention every year Take a tour of the convention with short video interviews from iReporters At Comic-Con ? Share your own mini-interviews at CNN iReport
CNN  -- The Mayor of London Boris Johnson is open to the idea of a Formula One race in Britain 's capital , but has yet to be approached by the sport 's powerbrokers . Plans have reportedly been formulated to race around iconic venues such as Buckingham Palace and Trafalgar Square , with the hope it might rival F1 's showpiece grand prix in Monaco . "  London hosts a vast array of world events , " said a spokesman for Johnson . "  The mayor is always keen to explore new opportunities to do so , especially if they will create jobs , bring investment and further London 's lead as a world city but as yet we have not received proposals . " Ferrari chief eyes title push While industry insiders are skeptical the race will happen , F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone is keen to establish another race in his homeland -- in addition to the British Grand Prix at Silverstone which will take place on July 8 . The 2012 world championship calendar is the largest in the sport 's history , with a total of 20 races being held between March and November . Ecclestone said a London race would give the city a greater boost than the forthcoming Olympic Games , while also suggesting he would put up the necessary funds himself to ensure the grand prix got off the ground . "  With the way things are , maybe we would front it and put the money up for it , " Ecclestone told The Times newspaper . "  If we got the OK and everything was fine , I think we could do that . "  Think what it would do for tourism . It would be fantastic , good for London , good for England -- a lot better than the Olympics . " However , the idea is already facing opposition , with British motoring association the AA questioning whether London 's already congested streets could handle an annual influx of F1 teams and fans . "  Tthe havoc you would create by having to shut roads would be interesting to see , " an AA spokesman told CNN . "  We 've seen the huge fuss that has been created by road closures during the Olympics and that it just once in a lifetime -- a London GP would be every year . " Earlier this year London announced plans to host a one-day professional road race to rival classic events such as the Paris-Roubaix , the Milan-San Remo and Liege-Bastogne-Liege . To be first staged in August 2013 , the race will be part of a two-day cycling festival , which will become an annual event , as part of the Olympic legacy .	The Mayor of London would be open to talks over a grand prix in the city A spokesman for Boris Johnson says no proposal for a London race has been received F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone believes a race in London a boost for the British capital The AA says a grand prix in London would cause huge traffic problems in the country
London  CNN  -- Few shows can claim such an audience . As the dramatic spectacle of the Olympic Games opening ceremony in London unfolded Friday night , organizers estimated a billion people around the world would be glued to their television sets to see it , either live or delayed by a few hours . Tens of thousands more were lucky enough to have a seat inside the Olympic Stadium , the centerpiece of Olympic Park in east London . Dubbed "  Isles of Wonder , " it was quite a show -- fast-paced and diverse , with everything from people dancing in period costumes to a pseudo house party . It featured tributes to the British countryside and the Industrial Revolution  complete with smokestacks emerging from the ground  , showcased the "  Chariots of Fire " soundtrack as well as pop music staples from the Beatles to Amy Winehouse , and even comedy bits featuring Mr. Bean  Rowan Atkinson  , actor Daniel Craig and even Queen Elizabeth II herself . The queen was among the more than 80 heads of state attending the event , which sets the scene for the Games to come . London cheers Olympic torch as opening day nears The organizers of the London Games were well aware they had a tough act to follow after the Beijing extravaganza four years ago , which featured thousands of drummers , acrobats , martial artists and dancers performing under a light display at the soaring "  Bird 's Nest " Stadium . Some details of the Â # 27 million show were released in advance , but many more remained closely guarded secrets . A Twitter hashtag , #savethesurprise , started by Olympic organizers to appeal to those in the know not to spoil the show for others , had been embraced by many , although not all . The 10 coolest tech stories of the 2012 London Olympics Giant screens also displayed the message within the stadium during the two rehearsals . Those who opted not to play along incurred the social-media wrath of many who did want to "  save the surprise . " The show , masterminded by artistic director Danny Boyle , best known for the Oscar-winning film "  Slumdog Millionaire , " drew part of its inspiration from Shakespeare 's "  The Tempest . " It began at 9 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  with the tolling of the largest harmonically tuned bell in Europe , cast by the nearby Whitechapel Foundry , which also produced Big Ben and the Liberty Bell . The sound echoed the peals of bells that rang out across the country for three minutes Friday morning , Big Ben among them , to set the nation 's Olympic spirit racing . The show 's opening scene -- dubbed "  Green and Pleasant , " after a line from a poem by William Blake -- then unfurled , presenting an idyllic view of the British countryside . The elaborate set comprised rolling hills , fields and rivers , complete with picnicking families , sport being played on a village green and real farmyard animals : ducks , geese , 12 horses , three cows and 70 sheep , plus three sheepdogs to keep them in line . Chasing the gold-dust of ` Brand Olympics ' The flower of each of the four countries that make up the United Kingdom also were represented -- the rose of England , the Scottish thistle , Welsh daffodil and flax from Northern Ireland . Boyle also lined up fake clouds to shade his pastoral scene . Other set pieces paid tribute to Britain 's National Health Service , children 's literature  showcasing characters from the evil Lord Voldemort of Harry Pottery infamy to magical nanny Mary Poppins  and popular music . It was all a mammoth production involving not just Boyle and his technical crew , but also a cast of 10,000 adult volunteers and 900 local schoolchildren . Then there was a heavy-duty flying system , nearly 13,000 props and an array of technological wizardry . After these performances , the athletes -- who , after all , are the real stars of the Olympic show -- entered the stadium , team by team in alphabetical order , apart from Greece , which enters first in recognition of its status as the birthplace of the Games , and Great Britain , entering last , the position reserved for the host nation . Why gritty East End is London 's gold standard After speeches from Olympic officials -- including Sebastian Coe , head of the London organizing committee and himself a former gold medalist -- the queen officially declared the Games open and the Olympic flag was later hoisted above the stadium , where it will fly throughout the competition . The grand finale saw five-time gold medalist rower Steve Redgrave carry the torch into the stadium , where he handed the flame off to seven promising young athletes . They then lit parts of the large cauldron , triggering a chain of events that culminated in small flames converging in the sky above the stadium . This capped the torch 's 70-day , 8,000-mile relay around the United Kingdom -- weeks that had been marked with anticipation . Is the Olympics worth more than Google ? Spain suffers shock defeat to Japan CNN 's Chris Murphy contributed to this report .	NEW : Young athletes light the Olympic cauldron after the queen opens the games Performances pay tribute to British history , literature and music The Greek delegation leads the parade of athletes into the stadium Organizers had sought beforehand to keep the event 's details secret
Finally going back home to Indonesia this month after toiling for 13 years in Hong Kong , migrant worker Riyanti was looking forward to being reunited with her child . But as she waited at the airport departure gates she could n't help noticing the distressed condition of one of her compatriots . With blackened skin and obviously in pain , Erwiana Sulistyaningsih told Riyanti her condition was due to a skin allergy exacerbated by the winter cold . But when she could n't stand up to walk to the departure gate , Riyanti knew that something was seriously wrong . Erwiana was so weak , Riyanti put her on a trolley to wheel her to the gate . Eventually , she had to help her onto the plane . Allegations of torture "  She said , ` I 'm scared . ' I asked her why and told her she did n't need to be scared because I was there to help . I immediately took photos of her hands , her body . I asked again , are you sure these are really from allergies ? " Riyanti told CNN . "  Then she told me : ` The truth is I was tortured by my employer . She beat me up and did n't give enough food to eat . I got very weak so she sent me home . ' "  I told her we should report it to the police but she said ` No , I 'm scared because she threatened to have my parents killed by her husband 's friends . ' " Riyanti , one of four Indonesian workers who came to the aid of Erwiana at Hong Kong Airport , traveled with the ailing domestic helper to her home in Ngawi , East Java , and stayed on to help her . "  Because I 'm already involved , I refuse to be silent , " Riyanti said . "  I ca n't accept what happened , that kind of torture . How she suffered while she was walking , while she was sitting  at the airport  . I wonder what she went through during the months she worked there . " Despite abuses , foreign domestic workers still flock to Hong Kong Arrest made Erwiana 's case is now at the center of an investigation and protests by thousands of people who rallied in Hong Kong on Sunday to demand justice for the young Indonesian maid . Allegedly beaten by her employer in a case that has sparked outrage and a police investigation into accusations of torture , Erwiana 's plight has drawn attention to the risks faced by migrant workers in Asia and the Gulf regions . The employer also threatened to kill Erwiana and her family if she revealed the abuse she suffered , Eni Lestari , head of the Indonesian Migrant Workers Network , told the South China Morning Post . On Monday afternoon police arrested a 44-year-old housewife believed to be connected with the case at the Hong Kong airport . Police combined Erwiana 's case with that of another Indonesian maid who was allegedly abused by the same person . After finding similarities in the cases , officers decided to pursue both investigations together , said Chan Wai Mun , the police chief of Kwun Tong , a district of Hong Kong , in a press conference Monday night . Erwiana is now recovering from her injuries at a hospital in Sragen , a city in central Java , after flying out from Hong Kong in early January . The maid had suffered extensive injuries but her condition was stabilizing , the South China Morning Post reported . ` Live-in law ' questioned At the heart of the issue is a Hong Kong law that requires domestic helpers to live with their employers . While domestic helpers in Hong Kong are guaranteed a minimum wage of HK$ 3,920  $ 505  a month under heavily policed labor laws , support groups say the live-in law contributes to abuse . Hong Kong 's Mission For Migrant Workers  MFMW  released a study last year based on interviews with more than 3,000 foreign domestic workers . It found that almost one third had no proper accommodation within the house . "  They do not have their own room provided and have to either share the bedroom with other members of the household or sleep in common areas of the apartment , such as the living room , study or playroom where there is very little privacy , " the study reported . "  Some even sleep in unsuitable spaces such as the bathroom , toilets , veranda , corridor , kitchen and storage rooms , with only makeshift beds on top of ovens , cupboards or bathtubs . There are foreign domestic workers that are forced to share the room with young adult male members of the household , " it added . MFMW director Cynthia Ca Abdon-Tellez told Hong Kong media that the government requirement that maids must live with their employer meant they had nowhere to run when they were abused . She said the decision should be left to the employers and the maids whether they live together . She also urged the government to scrap a policy that requires domestic helpers to leave Hong Kong just two weeks after their contracts expire , saying it did not give workers enough time to find new work . "  It often forces the helpers to endure abuses so they can hold on to their jobs , " she said , adding that they needed the jobs to support their families back home . Hong Kong man convicted of human trafficking in Canada	Indonesian migrant worker Riyanti helped abused compatriot Erwiana at airport In pain and with blackened skin , Erwiana said her condition was due to a skin allergy Erwiana 's case is at the center of an investigation and protests by thousands of people A rights group want a law that requires migrant workers to live with their employers to be scrapped
CNN  -- This may be the last time Los Angeles Lakers forward Ron Artest will answer to that name . The NBA star , who is known for his defense and unpredictable behavior , will now be known by a different name . On Friday , the basketball player formerly known as Ron Artest will officially become Metta World Peace , his publicist says . "  Metta is his official first name ; which in the Buddhist tradition means loving-kindness and friendliness toward others and his last name is World Peace , " his publicist said . The basketball star is scheduled to be at the Los Angeles County Superior Court at 8:30 a.m.  11:30 a.m. ET  where he will officially become Mr. World Peace . Artest  World Peace  joins a fraternity of sports stars who have changed their names . Kareem Abdul-Jabaar and Ahmad Rashad changed their names for religious reasons . Chad Ochocinco changed his name because ... . maybe he likes incorrect Spanish versions of his jersey number ? Artest 's  World Peace 's  reason for changing his name seems similar to the reason that former NBA player Lloyd Bernard Free changed his name to World B. Free in the 80s . "  Ron Artest ,  World Peace  has contemplated the name change for years and always knew that he wanted his last name to be World Peace but it took many years of research and soul searching to find a first name that was both personally meaningful and inspirational , " his publicist said . Artest  World Peace  first announced that he was seeking the name change in the summer . At that time , some said seeing the name World Peace on the back of his jersey would be ironic given that he is known for thrashing fans in an infamous 2004 brawl during a game against the Detroit Pistons at The Palace of Auburn Hills . Artest  World Peace  was suspended a record-setting 86 games for jumping into stands and punching fans during that incident when he played for the Indiana Pacers . But the new name may speak to his new reformed image . In recent years , Artest  World Peace  has shed his bad boy image and is more known for his basketball skills and his random acts of kindness . Recently , he raffled off his 2010 NBA Championship ring to help youngsters with mental illnesses and he won the NBA 's citizenship award for his philanthropy in that field . He will also be in the upcoming season of "  Dancing With the Stars . " CNN 's Alan Duke and Eliot C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	"  Metta ... means loving , kindness and friendliness , " his publicist says He is scheduled to be at a Los Angeles court Friday morning He joins a group of sports stars who have changed their names
CNN  -- Defending World Cup champion Gregor Schlierenzauer of Austria claimed the second leg of the famous Four Hills ski-jumping tournament at Garmisch on New Year 's Day . Schlierenzauer could only finish ninth in the first event at Oberstdorf on Tuesday , but made no mistake with leaps of 136.5 and 137.5 m and good style marks for a total of 277.7 points . It gave him a comfortable advantage over fellow Austrian Wolfgang Loitzl , who twice jumped 135m for 272.5 points . Switzerland 's double Olympic champion from 2002 in Salt Lake City , Simon Ammann , showed he is running into form for Vancouver next February , after jumping 132 and 143.5 m for 272.4 points and third place . Austrian Andreas Kofler , who won at Oberstdorf , maintained the overall lead in the four-event competition as he came in fourth with leaps of 136 and 137m for 271.9 points . Finland 's five-time Four Hills champion Janne Ahonen , second at Oberstdorf on his comeback from retirement , finished sixth after jumps of 129.5 and 137m gave him 259.2 points . Kofler leads the standings with a 20-point lead over Loitzl with Ahonen third ahead of the next competition at Innsbruck on Sunday . The Four Hills concludes in Austria , at Bischofshofen on January 6 . Ammann still leads the overall World Cup standings with Schlierenzauer closing up in second place and Kofler third . In other pre-Olympic news , leading U.S. snowboarder Kevin Pearce suffered serious injuries in training for the halfpipe event in Utah . Reports said Pearce hit head on the halfpipe while attempting a complex move and was taken to a hospital in Salt Lake City . He was among the favorites for gold at the 2010 Vancouver games having beaten 2006 Olympic gold medallist Shaun White in recent competitions .	Gregor Schlierenzauer wins Garmisch round of Four Hills ski-jumping tournament Austrian Andreas Kofler , who won at Oberstdorf , maintains the overall standings lead U.S. snowboarder Kevin Pearce suffers head injuries in training accident for halfpipe event
CNN  -- Spain 's Luis Leon Sanchez gave his crash-ravaged Rabobank team a lift on Sunday as he secured victory in the Tour de France 's 14th stage on a day marred by a series of punctures at the front of the field . The Spaniard made a decisive move with just over 11 kilometers of the 191 kilometer-stage from Limoux to Foix to finish in four hours , 50 minutes and 29 seconds -- 47 seconds ahead of a chasing pack including Slovakian Peter Sagan  Liquigas  and FDJ rider Sandy Casar . "  I started the day with victory in mind but given the company I was in I knew I 'd have to attack from far out to have any chance , " said Sanchez -- one of four remaining members of an original nine-man Rabobank team . The main peloton , including race leader Bradley Wiggins of the Sky team , finished 18 minutes later after several riders suffered punctures at the top of the final climb  Mur de Peguere  of the stage . "  One or two spectators had thrown nails on to the road , " said race director Jean-Francois Pescheux . "  We do n't know why , but there were around 30 punctures altogether . The nails were mainly thrown on the ground around 200 metres from the summit , " he added . Tour de France 2012 : The best photos Last year 's champion Cadel Evans was one of the worst affected by the apparent act of sabotage having to change wheels twice which delayed him for nearly two minutes before he could begin his descent . The BMC rider was the recipient of a sporting gesture from Wiggins -- the Briton waited for Evans and the other riders affected to make up the gap . "  Sky showed they are for fair play . They saw that something had happened and they slowed the peloton so that things could come together for the ride to the finish , " Pescheux said . "  There are always some idiots out there . What else can I say , " he added . "  I thought it was the honorable thing to do . Nobody wants to benefit from someone else 's misfortune , " Wiggins said after completing the stage . Wiggins , who is aiming to become the first Briton to win the event , still holds the overall lead with Sky teammate Chris Froome just over two minutes behind . Italian Liquigas rider , Vincenzo Nibali is third with Cadel Evans in fourth . Despite coming second to Spain 's Sanchez , Peter Sagan extended his lead in the race to win the green jersey . The Slovakian rider picked up 17 points on Sunday to increase his tally to 333 -- 97 points ahead of Germany 's Andre Greipel .	Luis Leon Sanchez wins 14th stage marred by punctures at front of field Leaders including Bradley Wiggins and Cadel Evans and several others progress
-LSB- Breaking news update 11:35 p.m. -RSB- Diana Nyad has broken swimmer Penny Palfrey 's 2012 distance record in the Cuba to Florida swim , putting her closer to Key West than anyone has ever swum without a shark cage . -LSB- Original story last posted at 10:18 p.m. -RSB- Diana Nyad better than halfway through Cuba-to-Florida swim Endurance swimmer Diana Nyad was better than halfway across the strait separating Cuba from the Florida Keys on Sunday on her fifth attempt to make it across the channel , her support team reported . After more than 30 hours in the water , the 64-year-old Nyad was more than 63 miles north of the marina where she began Saturday morning . "  This is farther than she has gone in any previous attempt , " team navigator John Bartlett wrote on Nyad 's website . "  Her path is only 5 miles to the east of a straight line from Marina Hemingway to Key West , thanks to a favorable Gulf Stream . " Nyad was still "  swimming strongly " at just over 1.5 mph -- but averaging about 2 mph thanks to that favorable current , Bartlett wrote . Later , her handler said that Nyad was feeling strong and coherent . "  She is joking for the first time all day , " wrote Bonnie Stoll on the same website . "  The only concern is that she is throwing up everything she eats . She 's quite nauseous from sea salt , but that 's to be expected , " said Stoll . "  We 're giving her enough calories and nutrition . We 're just going to keep feeding her , and we hope that some of it is going down . She 's not weak . Her stroke count has n't changed . " Nyad is attempting to become the first person to swim the 103 miles without the benefits of a shark cage , flippers or wet suit . She 's said it will be her last attempt at that mark , after previous attempts that were thwarted by dehydration , ocean currents and excruciating jellyfish stings to her tongue . This time , she 's wearing a specially designed prosthetic face mask to prevent the jellyfish stings . "  It took us a year ; we made mold after mold , " Nyad said of the mask , adding it was the kind used to protect people who had suffered injuries to their faces . "  It 's a two-edged sword for me . It 's cumbersome , it 's difficult to swim with , but it does n't matter . I am safe . There 's no other way . " She jumped into the water at 8:59 a.m. Saturday . Were Nyad to swim the 103 miles , it would validate her attempts , which have spanned 35 years . In 1997 , Australian endurance swimmer Susie Maroney , then 22 , completed the swim from within a shark cage . Along with the protection the cage offers against toothy predators , swimmers say the cage provides a barrier against waves and other weather hazards . Since Maroney 's swim , some of the world 's best endurance swimmers have tried to cross the straits of Florida without using a cage . All have been turned back , though Australia 's Penny Palfrey made it 80 miles in 2012 before unfavorable currents forced her to quit . But few have done so as persistently or as colorfully as Nyad . The Los Angeles resident says she feels a special bond with Cubans and hopes her repeated efforts to swim between the two countries will help improve the still-tense relations between Havana and Washington . Nyad is being accompanied by a 35-member crew aboard two sail boats . They monitor her health , update her progress on social media and try to ward off sharks that might view her as a potential snack . If all goes as planned , Nyad said , the swim will take her three days to finish .	Diana Nyad is "  feeling strong ... joking for the first time all day , " says her handler She hopes to swim the 103 miles from Havana to the Florida Keys It 's her fifth attempt in 35 years and will be her last , she says If she 's successful , she 'll be the first person to do so without a shark cage , flippers or wet suit
New York  CNN  -- Construction workers bolted the last pieces of a 408-foot spire into place atop One World Trade Center on Friday , symbolically capping New York 's comeback after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . The spire brings the iconic building to a height of 1,776 feet -- an allusion to the year the United States declared its independence . It also makes the building the tallest in the Western Hemisphere and the third-tallest in the world . The Port Authority of New York & New Jersey confirmed the installation in a statement . "  This milestone at the World Trade Center site symbolizes the resurgence and resilience of our state and our nation , " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said in the statement . Port Authority Chairman David Samson called the building "  a national symbol of hope and strength in the face of tragedy . " While the building still has significant construction before its scheduled 2014 opening , the installation brought cheers from New Yorkers , and from people around the country . "  I think it 's awesome , " said Alen Presson , a firefighter visiting New York . "  It shows our resolve . You can blacken our eye , but you 're not going to kill us . We 're going to come back . So , it 's awesome . " "  I 'm still taking it in , " said tourist Joyce Elter of Las Vegas . "  I mean , it was such a devastation back then , and everything is progressing . It still has a long way to go , but it 's phenomenal . " The pieces installed Friday morning were hoisted to a temporary platform atop the building last week . The spire contains 18 steel sections and three communication rings . The first -- and heaviest -- steel section was installed in January . It weighs more than 67 tons , according to a statement from the Port Authority . It will be an antenna for a television broadcast facility in the building , which rises from the site near the original World Trade Center towers , which fell in the 2001 attacks . Last week , construction director Steven Plate told CNN affiliate WABC that the spire will be a "  beacon that 'll be seen for miles around and give a tremendous indication to people around the entire region , and the world , that we 're back and we 're better than ever . " Construction on the building began in April 2006 . Michael Pearson wrote and reported from Atlanta , and Kristen Kiraly reported from New York .	NEW : Trade Center building is a "  national symbol of hope and strength , " official says Workers finish installing spire , making the building the tallest in the Western Hemisphere The building 's 1,776-foot height alludes to the year of the nation 's birth Construction on the building began in April 2006
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Religious materials -- including Qurans that were burned at Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan , sparking Afghan protests -- were removed from the library of a detainee center "  because of extremist inscriptions " on them , a military official said Tuesday . There was "  an appearance that these documents were being used to facilitate extremist communications , " a military official said . "  Additionally , some of the documents were extremist in and of themselves , apparently originating from outside of Afghanistan , " the official said . The official said the material was burned , but authorities are attempting to determine how much . The uproar prompted Gen. John Allen , commander of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , to issue a directive "  that all coalition forces in Afghanistan will complete training in the proper handling of religious materials no later than March 3 , " the NATO-led force said . . The training will include "  the identification of religious materials , their significance , correct handling and storage , " according to the statement from coalition forces . Earlier Tuesday , Allen said the materials were gathered for disposal from the airfield 's Parwan detention facility and inadvertently given to troops for burning . "  This was not a decision that was made because they were religious materials , " he said . "  It was not a decision that was made with respect to the faith of Islam . It was a mistake . It was an error . The moment we found out about it , we immediately stopped and we intervened . " Hundreds of demonstrators gathered outside the airfield Tuesday , furious over reports of the burning . Lt. Lauren Rago , a spokeswoman for the coalition forces , told CNN in an e-mail earlier Tuesday that an investigation was under way to determine whether any material was burned before the mistake was discovered and , if so , how much . "  We are deeply concerned about the report of Qurans or religious materials being damaged , and will get to the bottom of what actually happened , " she said . But a coalition official acknowledged the materials were improperly burned . Allen said he immediately launched an investigation . "  Something like this just can not happen again , " Allen said . Muslims regard the Quran as the absolute word of God . It is so highly revered that many Muslims will not pick up the holy book without ablution , a ritual washing of the hands . Desecrating the book , such as burning it , is therefore seen as an unforgivable affront -- as an act of intolerance and bigotry . Authorities are looking into the reasons why the material was gathered and why the decision was made "  to dispose of them in this manner , " Allen said . Some troops have been questioned , but there have been no arrests or detentions , according to a coalition official . Afghan officials have been invited to join the investigation . Allen said he has offered "  sincere apologies " to Afghan officials , including President Hamid Karzai . Allen also offered apologies to the Afghan government and "  the noble people of Afghanistan . " "  This was unintentional , " he said . "  There was no intention by any member of ISAF to defame the faith of Islam or to desecrate the precious religious materials of this faith . " "  The materials recovered will be properly handled by appropriate religious authorities , " Allen said earlier . Local citizens who work at the base discovered the material that had been put into a burn pit by NATO personnel and alerted officials . Soon after , demonstrators massed outside the base , chanting "  Death to America ! Death to the Afghan government ! Long live Islam ! " As a NATO helicopter circled overhead and black smoke billowed from the ground , men shook their fists in anger . Several men launched slingshots in the direction of the base . "  The desecration of religious articles is not in keeping with the standards of American tolerance , human rights practices and freedom of religion , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Tuesday . "  The concern is that some around the world will think that this represents an affirmative statement by the United States , and it does not represent our values or our view of how the Quran ought to be treated , " she said . Allen said , "  This is not who we are . These are very , very isolated incidents . We 've been here a long time . We 've been shoulder to shoulder with the Afghans for a long time . We 've been dying alongside the Afghans for a long time because we believe in them . We believe in their country . We want to have every opportunity to give them a bright future . " But "  these kinds of incidents , when they do occur , we will move quickly to correct them , " he said . "  We will move quickly to hold people accountable . " Photographs surfaced purporting to show the damaged Qurans . A photographer for Agence France-Presse said Afghans who work inside the airfield told him they obtained the Qurans there . But the U.S. military said that was unlikely . "  When it became known that it was religious materials that were brought to the incinerator , the materials were secured by the military authorities in consultation with the local Afghan religious authorities , so it would be highly unlikely that the demonstrators would have any of the material from this incident , " said Col. Gary Kolb , a spokesman for the NATO-led force . The U.S. Embassy in Kabul warned on its Twitter feed that protests were possible throughout Afghanistan in the coming days and noted , "  Past demonstrations in Afghanistan have escalated into violent attacks on Western targets of opportunity . " Last year , when controversial Florida pastor Terry Jones presided over what he called a trial of the Quran and burned a copy , Afghans took to the streets by the thousands . In the northern Afghan city of Mazar-e Sharif , demonstrators stormed a U.N. office and killed 12 people . In Kandahar , three people were killed in one demonstration , and nine in another when police and stone-throwing demonstrators clashed . American officials vociferously condemned the pastor 's act . "  It was intolerant and it was extremely disrespectful and again , we condemn it in the strongest manner possible , " said Gen. David Petraeus , who headed the U.S.-led international forces in Afghanistan at the time . In 2010 , Afghans protested outside the Forward Operating Base Mirwais in response to an alleged Quran burning inside the base . But coalition forces said the suspected burning was a routine burn-pit session in which military documents are destroyed . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Larry Shaughnessy in Washington , Masoud Popalzai in Kabul and Sarah Jones and Ashley Hayes in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Commander of NATO-led force mandates training on handling religious materials Official : Some documents were "  extremist in and of themselves " Commander Gen. John Allen says he has launched an investigation Muslims regard the Quran as their holy book
