CNN  -- Americans planning to go to Mexico should "  postpone " their trips because of the swine flu outbreak , a top health official said Tuesday . Two women wear face masks as they arrive at Germany 's Frankfurt International Airport from Mexico City . "  Based on what I know as a public health official and as a physician , I would not recommend people go on nonessential travel , " said Dr. Richard Besser , the acting head of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  If I had vacation plans in Mexico coming up right now , I 'd look to postpone those , " he said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " The CDC issued a travel health warning about Mexico on Monday , and the U.S. State Department issued a travel alert -- not the more serious warning -- based on the CDC advice . U.S. consular operations in Mexico will be affected by the swine flu outbreak , the State Department said in its alert Monday . European Union health commissioner Androulla Vassiliou warned Monday against nonessential travel to "  areas which are reported to be the center of the clusters " of infection . Learn more about swine flu " She did not issue a travel advisory , as some reports initially suggested . The EU does not have the power to issue such warnings . "  I would also suggest to travelers to seek immediate medical advice if they have any of the symptoms described , " she said , in what the EU later clarified was a personal statement . Some European Union countries issued travel warnings of their own , including Britain . That prompted some tour operators to cancel trips to Mexico , including Thompson First Choice , Thomas Cook and Virgin Holidays , three of Britain 's biggest travel agencies . Thompson is bringing vacationers home to Britain from Mexico and canceled flights there Tuesday . Thomas Cook put all trips to Cancun on hold for a week and offered free changes in destination to anyone booked to vacation in Mexico in May . Virgin is shelving trips to Mexico through May 5 . There are probably 10,000 British people on vacation in Mexico 's Yucatan peninsula , Frances Tuke of the Association of British Travel Agents said "  That 's a lot of flights that are needed " to bring them home , she said . "  There are a lot of logistics issue there in terms of bringing people home . " Carnival Cruise Lines canceled ports of call in Mexico for three of its ships Tuesday , the company said . It is continuing to finalize plans for upcoming cruises , it said , and planned to release details later Tuesday or early Wednesday . Canada 's Air Transat is postponing its flights from Canada to Mexico through June 1 and from France to Mexico through May 31 , it announced in a statement . Many countries are checking travelers as they arrive , including China , which is screening aggressively in the wake of the SARS outbreak that killed almost 350 people there in 2003 . Indonesia is putting travelers through a thermal scanner that spots excessive heat ; those who test positive go through a "  body-cleaning machine " that sprays a disinfecting solution of 70 percent alcohol on their hands and body . The system does not detect viruses and was not put in place because of swine flu , Indonesian health officials say , but is intended as an early-warning system to prevent diseases from entering the country . Japan suspended visa waivers for Mexican visitors , a Foreign Ministry official said . CNN 's Alysen Miller , Isa Soares , John Zarrella , John Vause and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	CDC head : "  I would not recommend people go -LSB- to Mexico -RSB- on nonessential travel " The CDC issued a travel health warning about Mexico on Monday The U.S. State Department issued a travel alert Countries around the world are taking precautions to stem spread of swine flu
CNN  -- The years preceding World War I in Europe are generally referred to as the "  Belle Epoque " -- a cultural and economic golden age . The period was hardly one of utter utopia for all citizens . But in the wake of the conflagration that would shake the globe beginning in August 1914 , it came later to be seen as a period of calm before the storm . Its cultural practices , too , seem tinged with an almost naive optimism . Modernism in art and literature had gathered momentum well before the First World War , which began in earnest 100 years ago this fall . But with its eruption , those earlier Victorian forms no longer seemed adequate in the face of the period 's upheavals , the destruction to bodies , to landscape , to culture itself . New experiments took up the task . Opinion : The promise World War I could n't keep The violent disjunctures of Cubist collage , for example , were a fitting way to of express the political and geographic revolution . Picasso already practiced the form during the Balkan Wars of 1912-13 , often using the very newsprint that announced the latest battles . On the Great War itself , the pacifist Picasso remained silent . His innovations with different media and materials , however , influenced movements -- from war-mongering Futurism in Italy to pacifist Dada in neutral Switzerland . While many artists claimed Cubism itself as a renewed form of classicism , French nationalists derided it as a decadent German import  and spelled it "  Kubism " accordingly  . In France as elsewhere , then , culture formed a parallel theater of war . As many artists became enemy combatants with the stroke of a pen , the cosmopolitan idyll of prewar Paris gave way to an increasing xenophobia . Opinion : How a century-old war affects you The war and its representations indeed seemed bound up with one another at every turn . "  I very well remember , " wrote Gertrude Stein , "  at the beginning of the war , being with Picasso on the Boulevard Raspail when the first camouflaged truck passed . ... Picasso , amazed , looked at it , and then cried out , yes , it is we who made it , that is Cubism . " The British Vorticist artist Edward Wadsworth not only painted canvases in the sharp lines characteristic of his circle 's aggressive imagery , but also supervised the "  dazzle " camouflage  an angular patterning of black and white paint  of over 2,000 ships for the British Admiralty . The seemingly gratuitous bewilderment of modernist abstraction was thus put in the more practical service of confusing rangefinders and eluding enemy fire . Opinion : Should nations pay the price for their leaders ' misdeeds ? But it was the Italian Futurists who most enthusiastically embraced the war , using their works to agitate for intervention against Italy 's traditional ally , Austria . The Futurist ringleader , F.T. Marinetti , declared that only a giant international conflict could shock Italy out of its cultural slumber . Marinetti 's hymns to danger , speed and mechanized violence found their consummate realization in the Great War -- an event he deemed "  the world 's greatest poem . " As volunteers along Italy 's northern front , the Futurists served as avant-gardists in the literal , military sense . Along with their rhetoric of jingoistic virility , Futurist painting and poetry nurtured a playful and subversive "  anti-aesthetic " that would inspire artists for the rest of the 20th century . Ironically enough , it was the anti-war stirrings of Dada that bore out its most immediate influence , first in Switzerland and then post-war Berlin . Opinion : The mighty women of World War I From Futurism , Dada borrowed strategies of shock and illogic , assaulting received truths and bourgeois morality alike . To these , however , the Dadaists married a resolute anti-nationalism , rejecting both the war and its institutional origins . Yet even politically progressive artists turned to the war 's new spectacles as sources of stimulation and dynamism . Painted while he convalesced from a mustard gas attack , Fernand LÃ © ger 's "  The Card Party "  1917  depicts the artist and his fellow French soldiers as virtual extensions of military machinery , their jointed arms mobile like metallic prostheses . Opinion : How World War I gave us ` cooties ' Many drew their inspiration from a newly transformed theater of hostilities , whether the shock of trench warfare , mobile X-ray machines or the terror and poetics of flight  the first pilotless drones were notably developed by the U.S. Navy from 1916-17  . The British sculptor Jacob Epstein 's notorious "  Rock Drill "  1913-15  features an armored , machine-like body mounted atop an actual rock drill , glorifying an inhuman mechanization and anticipating even the battle droids from the Star Wars franchise 's prequel , "  The Phantom Menace , " at the century 's end Not all European artists figured the period 's anxieties -- or witnessed its havoc -- in the same manner . Following in the tradition of Goya and the Dutch Renaissance alike , Otto Dix would later complete grotesque renderings of soldiers wearing gas masks and battlefields strewn with trenches and corpses . In works made just after the war , he  like his German compatriot George Grosz and other Dadaist artists  incorporated collage into his canvases , evoking the scores of amputated veterans visible in Germany 's city streets , themselves virtual assemblages of prostheses . Opinion : The ` bionic men ' of World War I These artists drew not only upon Futurist experiments with newsprint , but also the Metaphysical cityscapes of the Italian painter Giorgio de Chirico , which conjure up a sense of both post-apocalyptic stillness and disquieting anticipation . A girl rolls her hoop across a sundrenched square in de Chirico 's "  Melancholy and Mystery of a Street "  1914  , unaware of the hearse that looms in the arcade 's shadow -- the metaphor , perhaps , of a continent hurtling toward the void . The war 's traumas also spurred utopian cultural projects after the guns fell silent . During the war , AndrÃ © Breton worked in a neurological ward in Nantes . His contact with the stream-of-consciousness ramblings of soldiers suffering from head wounds sparked his interest in the unconscious as a source of radical social and political transformation . Opinion : How WWI gave us drones Breton 's Surrealist movement transformed Dadaist despair -- at both the war and the technologies that had led to it -- into a constructive assault on social and sexual norms . Holding seminars and publishing questionnaires , the Surrealists campaigned in the 1920s and 1930s against the nationalist enmity that had caused the last war and that was leading inexorably toward another . At war 's end , modernist tendencies such as Cubism , Futurism and Expressionism came -- rightly or not -- to be associated with its violence . Opinion : When chemical weapons killed 90,000 But artists generally abandoned the depiction of armored trains and disintegrating forms after the guns fell silent , rendering less threatening subjects in more soothing styles . Dubbed the "  Return to Order " by Jean Cocteau -- the Surrealist painter , poet , playwright , novelist and filmmaker -- this period following the Great War witnessed a reprisal of neoclassical motifs , suckling mothers and other emblems of reassuring stability . With the gradual rise of fascism , such stability proved itself increasingly illusory , as even the most decorous of aesthetic traditions were put in the service of an aggressive , murderous ideology , and another war -- even more terrible than the first -- tore open the century . Photo blog : WWI : The Golden Age of postcards	Ara Merjian : Victorian art was not adequate to express WWI 's chaos ; Modernism stepped in He says Picasso 's Cubism was suited to times ; Futurism and Dada would spring from war Apocalyptic imagery emerged , of prostheses , gas masks , corpses , military mechanization Merjian : At war 's end , soothing images , Surrealism ascended -- a tonic until the next war
A country is suffering from a deep recession , unemployment is increasing , and the government deficit looms larger by the day . Part of the problem comes from an overvalued , fixed exchange rate . Anti-government demonstrations are a common occurrence , and riots are increasingly frequent . The country seems engulfed by a rising wave of chaos . The International Monetary Fund is administering an aid package . The government is duly passing austerity package after austerity package , at the behest of foreign creditors , while ignoring the population 's wishes and representatives . The country in question ? Greece in 2011 ? No , it 's Argentina in 2001 . While not every part of the puzzle falls into place , many of the similarities are striking . It all started so well . For a while , after Argentina introduced a currency board -- a rigid link with the U.S.-dollar -- inflation came down , and consumption and growth surged . Asset prices ballooned , wages went up , and the new prosperity was everywhere -- in swanky restaurants , in the form of gleaming new cars , and in massive public building projects . Then , suddenly , the dream fell apart overnight . In Greece , joining the euro -- effectively a way of fixing Greece 's exchange rate vis-à-vis its European partners -- also caused a drastic reduction in inflationary expectations . Lower interest rates fueled a consumption and housing binge ; growth looked good for a few years , and so did tax receipts . Everyone was spending : firms , consumers and the government . In both cases , the rigid exchange rate went hand-in-hand with a dramatic loss in competitiveness . Both Argentina and Greece continued to import much more than they exported ; for a while , the high life continued , fueled by foreign borrowing that paid for the gap . In both Greece and Argentina , there were fudged numbers in the public accounts . While the Greek case is well known , Argentina 's debt/GDP ratio increased by more than 10 % in four years , from 1994 to 1998 . At the same time , official central government accounts showed deficits of 1.7 % to 2.2 % -- in an economy that was growing by up to 8 % per year , the debt/GDP ratio should actually have been falling . In both cases , the ability to raise taxes was very small , with the government raising no more than 20 % -30 % of GDP . When the crisis came , with interest rates moving up sharply in the secondary market for government bonds , the first reaction was denial ; then a wave of austerity measures . Argentina brought back Domingo Cavallo , the architect of its Houdini-like escape from hyperinflation half a decade earlier . The Greeks voted in a new , reforming government under George Papandreou , which promptly found so many skeletons in the cupboard that it had to go cap in hand to its European partners soon after . In both cases , the IMF  in the Greek case , together with the European Union  kept on lending long after it became clear that the country was insolvent . The political pressure was just too great not to do so ; until the end , lenders hoped that the risk premium might one day start to fall , and that a combination of austerity and cheap loans from international institutions would make the problem go away . The increasingly hectic political moves over the last week in Greece are also reminding many veterans of emerging market crises of the Argentine case . The Greek government will surely fall if it loses the referendum ; Argentina 's cabinet became a revolving door for ministers before finally defaulting in chaotic fashion . Greece shows that all of the eurozone is now potentially subject to wrenching debt crises of the type that were once the prerogative of emerging markets . The cause of the problem is often similar -- a pegged exchange rate at an artificial rate , combined with massive debts issued in a foreign currency . Once the peg failed , Argentina 's banking system imploded ; Argentines could not touch their savings for years , and the economy collapsed , before rebounding sharply . For the Republic by the Rio de la Plata , a commodity boom eventually helped to turn the economy around . No similar positive shock from foreign demand is going to save the Greeks -- they simply do not produce enough of a range of goods to benefit . Whether Greece can avoid the wholesale destruction of its banking system is unclear , especially if a "  no " vote arrives . Perhaps Papandreou should make sure there is a helicopter on standby , to rescue him from the presidential palace should he be forced to flee from angry protesters -- as Argentine President Fernando de la Rue was in December 2001 .	Hans-Joachim Voth believes Greece in 2011 is similar to Argentina in 2001 In both cases , the exchange rate went hand-in-hand with lost competitiveness The IMF continued lending long after it became clear that each country was insolvent Whether Greece can avoid the wholesale destruction of its banking system is unclear
CNN  -- Kay Hagan erupted in anger Thursday over a television ad from Sen. Elizabeth Dole suggesting Hagan is "  godless . " "  I think Elizabeth Dole has just gone to the lowest of the lows , " Hagan said of the ad during an appearance on a talk show on WPTF-AM in Raleigh , North Carolina . "  This is an attack on my Christian faith . " Hagan , who described herself as a Sunday school teacher and an elder at a Presbyterian church in Greensboro , North Carolina , urged Dole to "  pull this kind of despicable ad . " Hagan , who is challenging Dole 's re-election bid , filed an application in a Wake County , North Carolina , court Thursday , seeking permission to file a complaint within 20 days , after the election is over . "  The advertisement purposely misstates facts about the plaintiff , " said the three-page application , which was filed in District Superior Court . In the 30-second ad , a narrator says that a leader of the Godless Americans Political Action Committee recently held a "  secret fundraiser " for Hagan . The ad then shows members of the group , which promotes rights for atheists and the separation of church and state , declaring that neither God nor Jesus exists . "  Godless Americans and Kay Hagan , " the ad continues . "  She hid from cameras . Took ` Godless ' money . What did Kay Hagan promise in return ? " The ad ends with a picture of Hagan and a voice that sounds like hers declaring , "  There is no God . " But the application said Hagan never made that statement or accepted money from the group . Lawyers representing Dole and her campaign defended the ad Thursday as "  100 percent factually accurate and truthful . " The campaign for the GOP incumbent said it based its claims on Hagan 's attendance at a fundraiser in the home of a GAPAC adviser . "  Kay Hagan attended a fundraiser event in Massachusetts in September held in the home of two anti-religion activists , Wendy Kaminer and her lawyer husband , Woody Kaplan , " Dole 's attorneys said in a letter to Hagan 's lawyer . They described Kaplan as a founder and advisory board member of the GAPAC . The letter said Kaplan and Kaminer were advisory board members of The Secular Coalition for America , which it described as "  the national lobby for atheists , humanists , freethinkers and other nontheistic Americans with the unique mission of protecting their civil rights . " The lawyers also said Kaplan gave $ 2,300 to Hagan 's campaign . "  This is politics of the worst kind , and I know it has been rejected by North Carolinians at every level , " said Hagan . Polls suggest Hagan -- a Democratic state senator from Greensboro who began the race at a major financial disadvantage to Dole -- is slightly ahead of the incumbent .	Hagan calls ad suggesting she is "  godless " an "  attack on my Christian faith " Ad says Hagan took money from Godless Americans Political Action Committee Hagan files application seeking permission to file complaint within 20 days over ad Dole lawyers say ad is "  100 percent factually accurate "
Melbourne , Australia  CNN  -- Li Na outperformed Maria Sharapova at the Australian Open , but can China 's biggest sporting star now do the almost unthinkable and surpass the Russian as the world 's richest female athlete ? Maybe -- and that 's according to the man who represents both players . "  She could , " Max Eisenbud , the duo 's agent , told CNN after Li won her second grand slam title . "  It 'll be interesting to see how that shakes up . A lot depends on how she plays and how Maria plays . But they 're both in the same stratosphere , for sure . " Sharapova has been No. 1 in the earnings department as named by Forbes magazine every year since 2005 , the season after she opened her grand slam account as a 17-year-old at Wimbledon . Li 's triumph in Melbourne last weekend , though , will increase her chances of landing more sponsors in her homeland , the world 's most populous country and its largest second economy . CNN estimated China 's economy to be worth $ 10 trillion in 2014 . Li finished at No. 3 in the 2013 Forbes list , one spot behind the dominant force in women 's tennis , Serena Williams . She was No. 2 the year before . "  Maybe we can do another one or two deals , " said Eisenbud . "  But we ca n't add five more deals for her . " Li was certainly a popular women 's champion at the season 's first major , being the crowd favorite throughout the fortnight . Her on-court interviews have always evoked laughter and the soon-to-be 32-year-old especially sparkled during the trophy presentation after downing Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova . There she thanked Eisenbud for making her "  rich " and had more words for her husband Jiang Shan . "  You are so lucky to find me ! " she quipped . As of Monday , the speech had been viewed on YouTube nearly one million times . Her light-hearted personality , along with the tennis success , makes for a desirable combination for sponsors , according to Michael Stirling , founder of Britain-based Global Sponsors . "  Sponsors will find her progress in winning the Australian Open , together with her public persona of being fun and honest in her interviews , refreshing and engaging , " he told CNN . "  Winning the Australian Open will make many more people globally aware of who she is as a player and this will attract brands . " But overtaking the longer established Sharapova -- upset by Cibulkova in the fourth round in Melbourne -- might prove difficult . "  The Sharapova brand has been in existence for many years and the essence of it was caught when she won Wimbledon , " Stirling said . "  She has built her brand over many years , and provided Sharapova continues to be a top-10 player her brand value remains enduring and more relevant as a global brand . "  Whereas , Li 's brand is a new regional phenomena , which carries significant value in the emerging markets of the Far East and will ripple into other regions of the globe . " Along with a host of established backers , Sharapova launched her own candy line , "  Sugarpova , " two years ago and pulled in $ 29 million in endorsements and prize money last year , Forbes said , as the Russian once again held top position . After Li became the first Asian player to win a grand slam singles crown at the 2011 French Open , her value soared . Companies including Samsung , Nike and Mercedes Benz helped Li achieve $ 18.2 million in last year 's list , Forbes said . Li counts a following of roughly 22 million on Chinese social media and her popularity is set to increase , according to Renjie Liu , a journalist with Chinese website SINA . "  The people who have the most social media followers in China are movie stars , " he told CNN . "  They have something like 80 million . It 's a big difference . But Li Na is right behind them . She 's the top of the sports industry . "  She was quite popular already but after the win it 's getting more and more . People realize she 's not only a tennis player . She 's kind of a national hero . She also represents Chinese women in a very good way so I believe her image is getting bigger not only in China but in front of the world . " And to think Li almost did n't play at the Australian Open . She considered retiring -- for a second time -- after an early exit at the French Open last May . Criticism from the Chinese media in the wake of that second-round defeat to American Bethanie Mattek-Sands left her reeling . "  They gave me a very tough time when I played the French Open and it continued to Wimbledon , " Li told reporters . Li decided to continue and , with famed coach Carlos Rodriguez by her side -- he formerly guided seven-time grand slam winner Justine Henin -- strung together a solid second half of 2013 . She reached the quarterfinals or better at every tournament after Roland Garros , highlighted by an appearance in the final of the year-end championships in Turkey . Li was the first to admit she got somewhat lucky in Melbourne , only fending off a match point in the third round when Lucie Safarova missed a makeable backhand down the line . The unexpected exits of Williams and two-time defending champion Victoria Azarenka meant Li did n't have to face anyone in the top 20 . But she was unfortunate in last year 's final against Azarenka , falling twice , injuring her ankle and head . The previous year she was beaten by Kim Clijsters , taking the former world No. 1 to three sets in her maiden grand slam final . More than dollars and cents , Eisenbud said this title was about Li proving she was n't a one-slam wonder . "  I do n't think this win is about the money , " he said . "  I think it 's a big statement . A lot of girls have won a grand slam but winning that second one puts you in a different category . "  She 's a wealthy girl and will get more deals and that will come , but this win is more about legacy . "  One of the things we 're really looking to do is to solidify her desire to have a tennis academy in China . So that 'll be a really big focus , having some sort of partnership with a property company there . "	Li Na is one of the world 's richest female athletes following success in recent years The Australian Open champion added $ 2.4 million in prize money to her wealth Li is poised to sign more deals , says agent she shares with Maria Sharapova Li , who will soon turn 32 , has 22 million followers on Chinese website Weibo
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Police used lasers to track the path of the bullets that Oscar Pistorius fired through a door , killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp , a ballistics expert testified Tuesday . Then they checked his height with and without his prosthetic legs , Police Capt. Christian Mangena said . He was on the verge of revealing his conclusions when time ran out and court adjourned for the day . He had time to say that the height of the four bullet holes in the door ranged from 93.5 cm to 104.3 cm above the floor . Without his prosthetic legs on , the double amputee runner 's elbow height is 96 cm , Mangena said as the 12th day of the Pistorius murder trial came to an end . The runner maintains that he was not wearing his prosthetics when he killed Steenkamp , and after suggesting at his bail hearing last year that he was wearing them , the prosecution conceded last week that he was not . The one-time South African national hero admits that he killed Steenkamp on February 14 , 2013 , but pleaded not guilty to murder , saying the killing was a terrible mistake . He thought she was an intruder in his house in the middle of the night , and mistakenly believed he was defending himself , he maintains . That he was not wearing his prosthetics is a vital part of his defense . He argues he was justified in shooting through a toilet room door because he is particularly vulnerable when he is on the stumps of his legs . Photos of victim 's wounds Pistorius listened to much of Tuesday 's testimony impassively , but covered his face with his hands and stuffed his fingers in his ears when Mangena talked about needing to see Steenkamp 's dead body as part of his investigation . "  I have to see the position of all the injuries sustained , " the 20-year police veteran said , before leafing through photos of bullet holes in the black sleeveless top she was wearing , her face , and injuries to her body . Pistorius spent hours throwing up in court last week as Steenkamp 's injuries were described by the witness who did her autopsy , and later when pictures of her injuries were briefly accidentally flashed on courtroom monitors . Steenkamp 's mother June was in court Tuesday , and appeared to be crying when photos of the bathroom where her daughter died were displayed . A police crime scene photographer was on the witness stand for much of the day Tuesday as defense lawyer Barry Roux tried to show that police photos were not reliable evidence . He got the photographer , Bennie van Staden , to say there was definitely no one else in the bathroom with him when he took pictures of the blood-spattered scene , then produced photographs which he said another police officer took in the same room at the same time . Gory details lend trial a ` CSI ' flavor "  You did not see him in the bathroom ? " Roux demanded . "  I did not see him , " van Staden replied . "  And how big is this bathroom ? " Roux asked incredulously , prompting laughter . "  About six meters by five meters , " van Staden replied calmly . Prosecutor Gerrie Nel fought back when questioning the photographer later , producing a photograph taken by the officer whom Roux said was in the same room at the same time . "  Are you in this photograph ? " Nel asked . "  No , " van Staden replied , eliciting a fresh burst of guffaws . Blood evidence Roux also introduced a statement from another police officer , blood spatter expert Ian van der Nest , to defend his client . Van der Nest 's affidavit said the blood he saw in the house was not only "  consistent " with Pistorius ' version of events , but was the "  most probable explanation . " He is on the list of possible prosecution witnesses but has not testified yet . Mangena is the 16th state witness , out of a potential 107 . The trial is currently scheduled to run through April 4 , take a break , and resume in mid-April . There 's no question that Pistorius shot Steenkamp through a bathroom door in his house early on Valentine 's Day last year , hitting her with three hollow-tipped bullets , one of which probably killed her almost instantly . Pistorius says he heard a noise in the middle of the night after getting out of bed , did not realize that she had also gotten out of bed , got his gun and shot her by accident . Pistorius first achieved fame as an outstanding double amputee sprinter who runs with special prostheses that earned him the nickname "  Blade Runner . " The case against Pistorius is largely circumstantial , Nel said in his opening statement on March 3 . Pistorius and Steenkamp were the only people in his house when he killed her . Nel has been building a picture of what happened through the testimony of police officers , experts , neighbors who heard screaming and bangs that night , current and former friends of Pistorius ' and a security guard who sped to the scene because of reports of gunshots . Neighbors said they heard a woman screaming before the shots were fired . But the defense is proposing that what neighbors thought was Steenkamp screaming in fear for her life was in fact Pistorius when he realized what he had done . And the defense says that the sounds neighbors heard were not the gunshots , but a cricket bat hitting the door as he tried to rescue her . Judge Thokozile Masipa will decide the verdict with the help of two lay people called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . In South Africa , premeditated murder carries a mandatory life sentence with a minimum of 25 years . Pistorius also could get five years for each of two unrelated gun indictments and 15 years for a firearms charge he also faces . If he is n't convicted of premeditated murder , the sprinter could face a lesser charge of culpable homicide , a crime based on negligence . The sentence for culpable homicide is at the judge 's discretion . CNN 's Robyn Curnow , Brent Swails , Nicola Goulding and Emily Smith contributed to this report .	Ballistics expert , police crime scene photographer on the stand Tuesday Police checked Pistorius ' height with and without prosthetic legs Pistorius shot his girlfriend to death last year ; the question in court is whether it was intentional Judge Thokozile Masipa will decide the verdict ; South Africa does not have jury trials .
CNN  -- Hundreds of Palestinian security reinforcements were awaiting orders Saturday as part of a joint Israeli-Palestinian operation in the West Bank town of Hebron , officials said . Palestinian security officers assemble Saturday in the West Bank town of Hebron . The Palestinian militant organization Hamas quickly condemned the move , which is evidence of a growing cooperation between Israel Defense Forces and the Palestinian Authority in the West Bank . The 550 reinforcements , composed of members of the Palestinian Authority 's National and Presidential guards , entered Hebron as part of a security crackdown aimed at establishing order and confiscating illegal weapons , Mayor Khaled al-Aseyli said . The U.S. State Department 's Bureau of Diplomatic Security has trained portions of the Presidential Guard over the last year . Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum said the guards are targeting Hamas militants in the West Bank . He said Hamas condemns the operation , as well as the coordination between Israeli and Palestinian forces . Israel is rewarding the Palestinian Authority for its work in detaining militants , Barhoum said . Though Hamas ' power base is anchored in Gaza , there are remnants of the Hamas infrastructure in the West Bank , where the rival Fatah party 's Palestinian Authority holds sway . On Wednesday , two Israeli brigadier generals met with Palestinian security officials at the IDF West Bank headquarters , according to an IDF statement . "  The two sides discussed the Palestinian request to conduct an extensive enforcement operation against law breakers and rioters in the Hebron area , " the statement said . "  During the meeting , the plan for the enforcement operation was presented and the process of coordination during the operation was agreed upon . " The statement further said the meeting was held in a "  positive atmosphere " and the two sides would convene soon to continue their dialogue on security matters . Hebron is the third city in the West Bank to be reinforced with Palestinian Authority forces . Forces converged on Jenin and Nablus earlier this year , West Bank security sources said . In the last two months , the IDF has removed at least 20 of its roadblocks in Hebron . The IDF said it has removed scores of roadblocks and opened major crossings in the West Bank , allowing "  the free movement of the Palestinian population . " Journalist Talal Abu Rahme in Gaza City contributed to this report .	Reinforcements enter Hebron as part of security crackdown Hamas condemns Fatah collaboration with Israel Defense Forces Crackdown meant to bring order , confiscate illegal weapons , mayor says IDF has been removing roadblocks throughout West Bank
CNN  -- Underage sex trafficking is an awful thing , on that we can all agree . But the growing clamor by individual U.S. states for the shutdown of Village Voice Media 's web-based advertising site , Backpage.com , is panicky , scattershot , legally suspect and potentially just as dangerous . Backpage.com is a personals website with a special "  adult " section containing a wealth of listings for escort services . Like the back pages of most alternative local news weeklies , or for that matter the Yellow Pages of the phone book , the website contains ads and pictures that make no pretense about what is being offered . These are ads for prostitutes . What has particularly upset law enforcement officials and attorneys general , however , is that these listings have been used by underage prostitutes and the pimps selling them . Some of the listings also come from brothels whose workers are either illegal aliens or trafficked sex slaves . While Backpage has attempted to exercise some level of editorial control over its listings and also cooperates with police investigations into the activities of its posters , many are arguing that the mere existence of such listings promote prostitution , an illegal activity , and child sex slavery , a heinous and intolerable practice . Most notably , Nicholas Kristof wrote a scathing piece in The New York Times , calling Backpage a "  godsend to pimps , allowing customers to order a girl online as if she were a pizza . " He went on to list some examples of young girls trafficked through the site , including one as young as 13 . Village Voice hit back , questioning his reporting , and he responded in kind defending it . As the rhetoric heated up , arguments seemed to focus more on dates of birth and the technicalities of web launches than the crime of child prostitution or how to stop it . As usual , the horror of child abuse and mysteriousness of the Internet combined to distort rational debate and cloud reality . Meanwhile , the anonymously run website , "  Village Voice Pimps , " uses the most sensationalist language it can muster , along with personal attacks and dossiers on Village Voice writers and editors who have nothing to do with the parent company , Village Voice Media 's advertising supplement . To me , these posts seem much more concerned with lambasting the Village Voice newspaper for its pro-gay and "  immoral " stances than its ownership by the same media company that owns Backpage . In a sense , the girls and young women affected are being pimped yet again Travel : Fighting sex trafficking in hotels , one room at a time This is the environment in which Washington state wrote its well-meaning but ultimately ill-informed law SB 6251 , making it a felony to publish "  any advertisement for a commercial sex act , which is to take place in the state of Washington and that includes the depiction of a minor . " Ever since Craigslist closed its "  adult " section , Backpage had become the go-to online spot for sex listings . Its presence grew to be ubiquitous across the United States , making it the target of numerous law enforcement and attorneys general . Like the other states hoping to curtail the practice of underage prostitution and sex slavery , Washington state believes that the websites listing escort services should be held accountable for the listings on their pages . The problem is it 's awfully hard to tell whether a person posting an ad for a 21-year-old escort is telling the truth . As written , Washington 's law applies whether or not the person or business knew that minors were to be involved . So if someone were to post a comment to the article you are now reading that included a hint of how or where to find illegal sex with a minor , CNN would be feloniously liable . The Communications Decency Act , passed in 1996 , was written to prevent just such blanket liability traps from hindering normal communication on the Internet . Congress determined that a free and open Internet required that the host of a site not be responsible for "  third-party generated content . " Congress also realized -- as the Village Voice has argued -- that the Internet actually makes it a whole lot easier to catch predators and sex traffickers . Unlike underground or street prostitution , this activity occurs out on the open Web and is highly traceable by IP addresses and other means . Ultimately , ending sex trafficking of minors is just not the best basis for developing good Internet policy . It is outlier behavior , and the very mention of its existence ends up paralyzing more rational debate and legislative specificity . In this case , it becomes an excuse to pile on a New York-based , gay-friendly , left-leaning publication with a fine history of investigative journalism . Meanwhile , Village Voice Media may be correct in challenging a law that paralyzes the Internet , but its inability to find a business model that does n't depend on the adult sex industry is its own fault . Craigslist voluntarily removed its own "  adult " section when the arguments for maintaining it just became untenable . Village Voice Media was the beneficiary of all that adult content , and is now the bearer of the karma . This sort of content is not just unbecoming of an editorial group that prides itself on promoting ethics and social justice ; it is hypocritical . Like any alternative newspaper , the Village Voice can argue that an underserved subculture -- the sex industry -- deserves a forum through which to take care of its business in the safest , most traceable and transparent way possible . But the listings on Backpage do n't reflect such priorities , nor do they reflect well on the integrity of the company that is hosting them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : Calls to close Backpage.com are scattershot , potentially dangerous He says authorities say ads there peddle underage prostitutes , which is heinous He says federal law does n't hold sites responsible for third-party generated content Rushkoff : Village Voice may be right to resist challenge but should ditch sex listings
CNN  English actress Michelle Keegan has been named the sexiest woman in the world by British men 's magazine FHM . The 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on the BBC series "  Ordinary Lies " and the long-running British soap opera "  Coronation Street . " Her "  Coronation Street " character Tina McIntyre was the show 's first character to act as a surrogate , according to IMDB . Keegan is followed by reality television star and model Kendall Jenner , Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence , Sports Illustrated swimsuit cover girl Kate Upton and British television host Caroline Flack , who dated One Direction 's Harry Styles for a few months . Sandra Bullock does n't appear anywhere on FHM 's list , even though People magazine named her the "  World 's Most Beautiful Woman " a week ago . The "  FHM 100 Sexiest Women in the World " issue goes on sale Thursday , April 30 .	British actress takes FHM 's top spot in the list of 100 sexiest women in the world People 's most beautiful woman is nowhere on the list
Even as a masked gunman kept firing a hailstorm of bullets in a Colorado movie theater , acts of selflessness and heroism sprouted from all across the room . Three of the 12 people killed died while shielding their girlfriends from the gunfire . And a young woman risked her life to aid her wounded friend , refusing to leave her side . Such valor , President Barack Obama said , represents "  what 's best in us " and assure the country "  that out of this darkness , a brighter day is going to come . " Remembering the Colorado shooting victims Here are some of the tales of bravery : Jonathan Blunk , 26 Blunk , a Navy veteran , was killed trying to provide cover for his girlfriend , Jansen Young . "  He laid up against me and had the other side of my body against the concrete seating , and I was pretty much boxed in , " Young said . "  He is a hero . And he was a hero before this , and before I met him . All he wanted to do was serve his country and help people in need , " Young said . "  He used to say he was born to serve his country , and he just really is . He 's a true hero . " Blunk is survived by two young children . Blunk 's former wife , Chantel Blunk , said their 4-year-old daughter now takes comfort in calling her father 's cell phone and hearing his voice on his voice mail message . One victim 's account : What it was like in the theater Stephanie Davies , 21 , and Allie Young , 19 "  When the gunman initially came in and threw the  incendiary  canisters , he threw them only a few feet away from Allie and Stephanie , " Obama said in a speech in Aurora on Sunday , shortly after meeting with the two friends . "  Allie stood up , seeing that she might need to do something or at least warn the other people who were there , and she was immediately shot . " The bullet pierced a vein in Allie 's neck , which immediately started spurting blood . Focusing on the victims , not the shooter "  As she dropped down on the floor , Stephanie -- 21 years old -- had the presence of mind to drop down on the ground with her , pull her out of the aisle , place her fingers over where Allie had been wounded , and applied pressure the entire time , while the gunman was still shooting , " the president said . "  Allie told Stephanie she needed to run . " But Stephanie refused to go , and instead used her other hand to call 911 . When police arrived , Stephanie and several others carried Allie across two parking lots to a waiting ambulance . Allie is expected to recover . "  I do n't know how many people , at any age , would have the presence of mind that Stephanie did , or the courage that Allie showed , " Obama said . "  And so as tragic as the circumstances of what we 've seen ... are , as heartbreaking as it is for the families , it 's worth us spending most of our time reflecting on young Americans like Allie and Stephanie , because they represent what 's best in us , and they assure us that out of this darkness , a brighter day is going to come . " Victims of Colorado massacre remembered with poignant stories Matt McQuinn , 27 McQuinn died shielding his girlfriend , Samantha Yowler , during the shooting , family attorney Rob Scott said . Samantha Yowler was shot in the knee but is expected to make a full recovery , Scott said . Her brother Nick , who also was trying to protect her from the bullets , also survived . McQuinn and Samantha Yowler grew up in the Miami Valley region of Ohio , according to CNN affiliate WKEF . McQuinn 's stepfather , David Jackson , told CNN affiliate WHIO that the young couple was planning to move back to Springfield , Ohio . "  I know he 's a hero , " Jackson said . "  He and Sam were very much in love and planning their life together . I am sure they were thinking very seriously of getting married soon . " ` Words are ... inadequate , ' Obama tells families of Colorado shooting victims Alex Teves , 24 Teves was killed while protecting his girlfriend , Amanda Lindgren . "  I would n't be here without him , " Lindgren said . Teves graduated in June with a master 's degree in counseling psychology from the University of Denver , where he met Lindgren . His best friend , Ryan Cooper , recalled Teves ' kindness . "  We love going to football and basketball games together , " Cooper said . "  As much as he loved that , he would take time and miss those games to mentor kids in the community who did n't have dads and were just really hurting . " Share your tribute to the victims on CNN iReport .	Three of the 12 killed died while shielding their girlfriends from gunfire "  He is a hero . And he was a hero before this , " Jonathan Blunk 's girlfriend says Stephanie Davies stayed through gunfire to help a friend shot in the neck Alex Teves would miss sporting events to mentor kids without fathers , his friend says
Campus politics are n't always a clear winner for Rand Paul , as he discovered here this week during an appearance at the College of Charleston . The Kentucky Republican and potential 2016 contender opened with a familiar riff about government surveillance that won predictable applause -- especially from the many students who represented Young Americans for Liberty , the libertarian outfit created from the ashes of his father Ron Paul 's presidential campaigns . Then a young woman in the audience asked if Paul , who sponsored an anti-abortion bill in 2013 that defines life as beginning at fertilization , is opposed to Plan B , the emergency contraception commonly known as the morning-after pill . A number of social conservatives -- plenty of them in Iowa -- have condemned the morning-after pill as an on-demand abortion drug , sometimes confusing the contraceptive with RU-486 , which can be used to induce abortion . Noticeably uncomfortable with the question , Paul first gave a terse answer : "  I am not opposed to birth control , " he said . After a pause , he elaborated . "  That 's basically what Plan B is . Plan B is taking two birth control pills in the morning and two in the evening , and I am not opposed to that . " Rand Paul : ' I am not opposed to birth control ' Next question . The exchange was notable because it happened on a college campus -- a place where Paul has made inroads in building support for his libertarian agenda . And it underscored the challenge that lies ahead for him : burnishing the libertarian credentials that make him so appealing to young voters while making sure he does n't stray so far from the Republican line that he wo n't be able to win the party 's presidential nomination . Another student here pressed him on "  the drug war , " asking if Paul would support legalizing marijuana , cocaine and heroin . He said he was n't supportive of drug use , explaining that pot "  is not that great , " but said drug laws should be left up to states . Colorado and Washington are experimenting with legalized marijuana , he said , and we should be watching carefully . Paul has enjoyed plenty of success on the campus circuit . His visits to universities from Harvard to Howard have snagged flattering headlines and pats on the back from Republicans who want to modernize the party and broaden its national appeal . "  Rand Paul , Republican presidential hopeful , finds support in Berkeley , of all places , " the San Jose Mercury News announced after Paul visited in that den of Bay Area liberalism in March . Paul , reared in libertarian politics , found support there because he railed against the National Security Administration 's invasive surveillance operations , calling them an absurd violation of privacy . It 's his go-to topic when he talks to young people . Last March , at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference , Paul blew his opponents away in a presidential straw poll after he brought a ballroom full of 20-somethings to their feet with cries of outrage over government prying into cell phones . Soon after , he packed a nearby restaurant with fawning college kids at an open bar sponsored by his political action committee . Paul and his wife , Kelley , danced and sang along to Chumbawamba , the 90s-era pop band with an anarchist streak . We tagged along to the event at the College of Charleston for the latest episode of "  Hambycast . " After the talk , standing in the sun-splashed campus courtyard , I asked Paul to elaborate on some of the issues that so often put his party at odds with young people -- as well as the thorny topics that Paul confronts as he tries to square with small-government libertarian roots with a more dogmatic Republican Party . On the topic of drugs , I picked up where the student left off , wondering if Paul , as president , would allow a state to legalize a hard drug like cocaine or heroin . He hedged . "  My position has not been for legalization , my position has been for less criminalization and more fair adjudication for people that are caught in this , and that kids who make youthful mistakes should get a second chance , " he said . Then I asked about same-sex marriage , something Paul did not touch on in his remarks . Almost 80 % of people under the age of 30 support same-sex marriage , according to a Gallup poll earlier this year . It 's hard to think of an issue on which Republicans are more out of step with America 's youth . And it 's not just teenaged and 20-somethings : A clear majority of Americans , 55 % , support same-sex marriage . Paul favors traditional marriage , but has said states should determine their own marriage laws . "  I do n't want my guns registered in Washington or my marriage , " he told me . "  Founding Fathers all got married by going down to the local courthouse . It is a local issue and always has been . " But can Republicans win a national election if they are n't in tune with rapidly changing opinions on the matter ? He took a soft tone . "  Society 's changing , " he said . "  I mean , people change their minds all the time on this issue , and even within the Republican Party , there are people whose child turns out to be gay and they 're like , oh well maybe I want to rethink this issue . So it 's been rethought . The President 's rethought the issue . So I mean , a lot of people have rethought the issue . " It sounded , for a moment , as if Paul was hinting that he , too , could change his thinking about marriage . "  The bottom line is , I 'm old fashioned , I 'm a traditionalist , " he said . "  I believe in old-fashioned traditional marriage . But , I do n't really think the government needs to be too involved with this , and I think that the Republican Party can have people on both sides of the issue . " "  You could rethink it at some point , too ? " I asked him . He shrugged , and gave me a half-grimace . It was n't a yes or a no , but it revealed Paul 's complicated dance as he tries to color outside the lines of the Republican Party .	Rand Paul is visiting many college campuses to advance his libertarian agenda Paul faces a challenge in wooing young people without alienating other Republicans Paul is a potential 2016 Republican presidential contender
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  The Afghan woman is dragged onto a roof and hit with a stick , as a horde of angry , screaming men swarm around her . At one point , video shows her standing with her face covered in blood . She is pushed and falls over , and her beating continues with feet , with rocks , with boards . Then , in the last part of the video , her body is engulfed in flames -- though it 's not known whether , by that point , she was already dead . This horrific scene played out in Kabul on Thursday . It 's already had ripple effects , including a United Nations statement on Friday condemning what it called "  the brutal killing and burning of a 27-year-old mentally ill woman . " That corresponds with what the woman 's parents told CNN affiliate Tolo News , saying their daughter suffered from mental health problems for the last 16 years . It 's not known whether her attackers knew this , or that it would have mattered . What motivated the mob , according to witnesses , was a belief that the targeted woman had burned the Quran . CNN has n't seen any proof that she set a copy ablaze . Afghanistan 's Ministry of Hajj and Religious Affairs has found no such evidence , either , according to Tolo . Mark Bowden , acting head of the U.N. Afghanistan mission , said that burning the Quran hurts efforts to promote "  understanding and mutual respect between cultures and religions . " "  However , the brutal murder of this woman is an unspeakably horrendous act , " Bowden said , "  that should result in those responsible being prosecuted , to the fullest extent possible , under Afghan law . " Nahid , a 45-year-old woman who goes only by one name , told CNN what she saw and heard outside the Shah Do Shamshera shrine , which is opposite a mosque by the same name . A group of women were shouting at the eventual victim , accusing her of burning the Quran , according to Nahid . The woman yelled back . This got the attention of men nearby . Police tried to close gates to keep them out but it did n't work , said the witness , noting that many men jumped a fence and began beating the accused woman . The hits and kicks ended after someone poured fuel on the woman and lit her on fire , said Nahid , who watched from inside the shrine . "  They  burned her and then threw her corpse away in the Kabul River , " she said . As of Saturday , 11 people had been arrested in connection with the woman 's death , according to Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Seddiqi . Seddiqi said that the investigation is ongoing . President Ashraf Ghani ordered two investigations related to the case -- one into the beating itself and another including religious scholars . His government is "  committed to protecting and safeguarding all Islamic values , " including prohibitions on burning the Quran  if that is , indeed , what this woman did  . That 's a responsibility of the nation 's security and legal system , Ghani said , not of individual Afghans . "  No individual is allowed to make oneself a judge and use violence to punish others in degrading manners , " the President said . "  Launching personal trials and choosing who to punish stands in clear contradiction to Sharia and Islamic justice . " CNN 's Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	11 have been arrested in woman 's beating , government spokesman says She was accused of burning the Quran , though there 's no evidence yet she did Her parents say their daughter suffered from mental illness for years
CNN  -- Ever since "  Bridge-gate " threatened to derail the once "  inevitable " nomination of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie as the Republican presidential candidate for 2016 , Jeb Bush has been hinting that he might jump into the fray . And with last week 's Facebook announcement , the former Florida governor has emerged as a serious contender -- if he chooses to run . The announcement of an exploratory committee has generated instant excitement because many Republicans feel that the former governor stands a very real chance of winning both the Republican nomination and the general election . Though the pundits have pored over all of his liabilities , most importantly the damage that his older brother inflicted on the family name , Jeb Bush brings a lot to the table for 2016 . If he handles this process the right way , Bush has the opportunity to put together a strong campaign . Democrats and his Republican opponents should be worried . The most important asset Jeb Bush offers is that he is a known commodity , someone who is greatly respected in Republican circles . In this day and age of freewheeling primaries , the comfort level that experience and familiarity provides to potential donors and voters means a lot . Republicans are desperate to win back the White House after eight years of Democratic rule . Their recent success in the midterms whet their appetite for gaining control over the government . Republicans know that the electoral math will be extremely difficult for them in 2016 as more voters , particularly among Democrats , are likely to come to the polls and the electoral college map favors blue . Republicans have watched many of their candidates crash and burn in recent primaries , so they are eager to find someone who make it through to the finish line for the nomination and present a strong case in the general election . Bush can survive the pressure from the right in the primaries . All the speculation as to whether someone like him will be done in by the Tea Party in primaries is vastly overblown . Most importantly , other than on immigration reform and education policy , Bush is a conservative and has a record to prove it . As Frank Bruni of The New York Times recounted , moderate is not really a label that fits his record . He has a rather conservative record on tax cuts and gun rights , one that would be quite appealing to the right . He is a staunch opponent of abortion rights and same-sex marriage . Much "  of his record in Florida is that of the ` headbanging conservative ' he claimed to be during a first , unsuccessful campaign for governor in 1994 , " Bruni writes . He attacked affirmative action and gained national prominence when he fought against Michael Schiavo who wanted to remove the feeding tube of his wife Terri Schiavo . With Cuba , he stuck to the traditional hardline position in response to President Obama 's recent announcements on normalizing relations . Bush will be able to make a strong case in the primaries that he is as conservative as anyone else in the bunch . And even if there are still questions about his conservative credentials in the age of the Tea Party , the power of the right in the Republican primaries has not really proven to be debilitating to candidates who are trying to build a broad coalition . In 2008 Republicans picked Arizona Sen. John McCain who famously had been in conflict with the right wing of his party . Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , despite all the predictions that he would never survive , did just fine on his way to the 2012 nomination . These candidates were able to make enough statements to please conservatives without radically transforming who they were . This year will be no different . Most Republican activists are thirsty for a candidate who can win rather than one who would be 100 % pure on ideological issues . Then there is the power of money . During the recent midterm primaries , the Republican establishment showed that money matters . In 2014 , tea party candidates fared very poorly when confronted with Republicans who had the backing of big money conservatives eager to support candidates who could win and avoid those whose devastating sound bites would energize Democrats . The same dynamic that was on display in the midterms will be true in the presidential primaries . Bush is likely to draw considerable support from key players in the Republican fund-raising machine . As soon as he made his announcement , Politico reported , a group of prominent Republican donors expressed their excitement . "  He 's got proven executive experience , " said GOP bundler Fred Malek , the finance chairman of the Republican Governors Association that Chris Christie currently heads . "  He 's a uniter . He 's got smarts . He 's got political courage . " Bush will also be able to tap into many endorsements from prominent Republicans who have been champing at the bit to have him run . While Bush is a conservative , without question , his record on the issues of immigration and education along with his demeanor will probably be enough to make a pitch that he is a coalition builder . Politics : Jeb Bush will defend expanded immigration While his conservative record will be sufficient to counteract Tea Party frustration , Bush will be able to sell himself as part of a Republican cohort that is seeking to bring new people into the Republican fold and who is sensitive to the ways in which social and cultural issues have changed where the party stands on these issues . His record on immigration , as well education  he supports Common Core , the program that is controversial with many , including conservatives  , combined with his immediate family will make it much tougher for Democrats to paint him as far right of center , the strategy that has worked so well for them in recent years . It is less clear how well he will be able to deal with some of the economic concerns facing the American electorate . Like most Republicans , he will face Democrats pointing to the evidence of economic recovery under President Obama , and he has close tied to the business , anti-tax establishment faction of the GOP that hurt Mitt Romney in 2012 . The housing market started to crash in Florida toward the end of his term , though it did n't really take effect until after he got out . At the same time , he still will be able to tap into some of the anxiety of the middle class about the stability of this recovery , surely claiming credit for the current state of the Florida economy . Finally there is the question of Bush fatigue . The biggest obstacle that Jeb Bush faces is his last name . The controversial ending of George W. Bush 's presidency and his terrible popularity ratings were a shadow that loomed over another Bush candidacy . But , especially in the short-attention span politics of the U.S. , 2008 is a long time ago . The intense controversy over President Obama has redirected much of the political heat toward the Democratic leader , while the traditional waves of nostalgia about the last president have started to set in . Continued problems with foreign policy and the economy , as well as the extension of much of the homeland security program under President Obama , has undercut some of the claims that Bush was wholly to blame for the problems that bothered Americans . The success of the Tea Party at shifting the GOP further to the right allows Bush 's supporters to claim that the previous Republican president was not as extreme as his critics said . Jeb Bush is a good campaigner and he should n't be taken lightly . If he puts his full heart into this race , and it still remains unclear thus far that he will , Hillary Clinton and other Republican contenders should be worried that the 2016 election could be another year for the Bush family . Note : An earlier version of this article incorrectly described former President George W. Bush ; he is Jeb Bush 's older brother .	Julian Zelizer : Jeb Bush may be Republicans ' strongest candidate for 2016 He says Bush can get support of GOP donors and unite the party Bush has conservative credentials while also appealing to larger electorate , he says He says Bush may face opposition over economy and baggage over Bush name
CNN  The Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World must be popping some very expensive champagne . It 's one of only eight new hotel additions to AAA 's exclusive Five Diamond list of resorts and restaurants , the travel company announced Friday . It 's also the only Five Diamond hotel in Orlando . Some 121 hotels and 63 restaurants have received the AAA/CAA Five Diamond rating over the past year , and they 're mostly repeat winners . The list is made up of only 0.3 percent of the more than 58,000 AAA Diamond-rated hotels and restaurants . "  At the ultra-luxury level we 're seeing an increasing number of hotels offering guests the choice of high-end service by white glove or touch screen -- in person or electronically , " said Michael Petrone , director of AAA Inspections and Diamond Ratings , in a news release . "  They 're complementing personal delivery with technology options such as in-room iPads and TV menus for ordering and scheduling services , apps for accessing newspapers and local reservations , mobile check-in and text alerts when their room is ready , " Petrone said . "  Some Five Diamond hotels even place a TV within the bathroom mirror to complete guests ' high-tech stay . " There are also six new restaurant additions to the Five Diamond list . The ratings come from on-the-ground inspections by the AAA team of inspectors , who visit about 1,200 hotels and restaurants weekly . The new AAA Five Diamond hotels : Four Seasons Hotel Denver -- Denver , Colorado Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort -- Lake Buena Vista , Florida Grand Luxxe -- Nuevo Vallarta , Mexico One & Only Palmilla -- San Jose Del Cabo , Mexico Rancho Valencia Resort and Spa -- Rancho Santa Fe , California Shangri-La Hotel -- Toronto , Ontario The Langham , Chicago -- Chicago , Illinois The Ritz-Carlton , Grand Cayman -- Seven Mile Beach , Cayman Islands The new AAA Five Diamond restaurants : Le Chique -- Puerto Morelos , Mexico Orchids at Palm Court -- Cincinnati , Ohio Palme d'Or -- Coral Gables , Florida Passion by Martin Berasategui -- Playa Del Carmen , Mexico Saison -- San Francisco , California Twist -- Las Vegas , Nevada	Eight hotels have been added to the AAA 's Five Diamond list Less than one percent of the reviewed properties get Five Diamond status
CNN  -- An Air Force officer who served as a branch chief for the service 's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response program was arrested and charged with sexual battery over the weekend . Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski , 41 , has been removed from current duty , an Air Force official said Monday . The official declined to be named because it is an ongoing law enforcement matter . Krusinski was placed in charge of a section of the service 's sexual assault prevention and response program in February , running a five-person office , the Air Force official said . He was arrested just after midnight Saturday in Arlington , Virginia , and is accused of grabbing a woman 's breasts and buttocks , Arlington County police said . Police said the woman fought off her assailant when he tried to grab her again before she called authorities . Krusinski was held on a $ 5,000 bond . Arlington County police spokesman Dustin Sternbeck said the woman did not know her attacker . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel discussed the matter Monday with Air Force Michael Donley , according to the Pentagon . "  Secretary Hagel expressed outrage and disgust over the troubling allegations and emphasized that this matter will be dealt with swiftly and decisively , " said George Little , Pentagon press secretary . Krusinski 's arrest comes as the Pentagon has been under closer scrutiny from Congress over its handling of sexual assault cases in the uniformed services . "  Sexual assault and rape are not about the weakness of the victim , they 're about power and control , " Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , said at a March hearing on the issue . "  In a military context , that becomes an even greater problem . " The Defense Department reported 3,192 allegations of sexual assault involving service members in 2011 . It 's expected to report an increase in 2012 , but officials said that it is not clear whether that 's due to an increasing number of incidents or because victims are becoming more comfortable in reporting a crime that is often not reported . The department has stepped up efforts to hold perpetrators accountable , establishing a "  special victims unit " to handle cases , working to improve tracking of reports and speeding transfers for troops who report a sexual assault by a member of their unit . "  Secretary Hagel has been directing the Department 's leaders to elevate their focus on sexual assault prevention and response , and he will soon announce next steps in our ongoing efforts to combat this vile crime , " Little said Monday . "  Sexual assault has no place in the United States military . "	NEW : Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel expresses "  outrage and disgust " over the allegations The arrest comes as the Pentagon faces scrutiny over sex assaults in the ranks The officer was serving as a branch chief but has been removed from duty Police said a woman accused him of fondling her breasts , buttocks
CNN  -- Former world champion Casey Stoner claimed the 27th pole position of his career on Saturday to ensure he will start the new MotoGP season at the head of the grid in Qatar . The Australian , who dominated the three practice sessions at Losail with his new Repsol Honda team , set the fastest time of one minute 54.137 seconds . His teammate Dani Pedrosa will line up on the front row of the grid in Qatar for the first time on Sunday after finishing second , while Yamaha 's reigning world champion Jorge Lorenzo took the final place -- 0.810 seconds behind Stoner . Stoner is the only rider to have ever won from pole position in Qatar , doing so in 2009 . Stoner dominates Qatar practice as Rossi struggles His replacement at Ducati , seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi , again struggled with the Italian qualifying ninth fastest as he again battled the lingering effects of last season 's shoulder problems . Rossi 's American teammate Nicky Hayden , another former world champion , was way back in 13th . Lorenzo , who was runner-up last year after starting back on the grid , saw new young American teammate Ben Spies qualify in fifth behind Marco Simoncelli of the San Carlo Honda Gresini outfit . British rookie Cal Crutchlow was eighth , outshining his senior Monster Yamaha Tech teammate Carl Edwards in 10th . Meanwhile , Bridgestone will continue to be MotoGP 's tire supplier until 2014 after agreeing a new deal announced on Saturday , having been involved with motorcycling 's elite class since 2009 .	Australian rider Casey Stoner will seek to emulate his 2009 victory from pole in Qatar The 2007 world champion helps his new team Honda to fill top-two qualifying places He is joined on the front row by Dani Pedrosa and world champion Jorge Lorenzo Seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi back in ninth in his debut for Ducati
CNN  -- A ninth motorcyclist has been arrested and charged in connection with the beating of an SUV driver on a Manhattan street on September 29 , according to court documents . Jason Brown , 40 , was taken into custody by the New York Police Department on Monday night and was arraigned Tuesday on charges of first degree gang assault and assault , as well as third degree criminal possession of a weapon and criminal mischief in the attack of motorist Alexian Lien . Brown is seen on video allegedly hitting Lien with his helmet , court documents state . In attack , can bikers get a fair shake ? "  Those are serious crimes ... and serious allegations against him , " said Brown 's lawyer Stephen Pokart . "  The issue is : Do they have serious proof against him ? And based on what the prosecutors offered the judge , it does n't sound that way to me , " he added . Authorities say Lien was chased by bikers after he initially bumped one during a biker rally . When his SUV was surrounded by several bikers , Lien called 911 , told police he feared for his life and drove off , running over bikers and critically injuring one . Prosecutor : Off-duty officer ` terrorized ' family as SUV driver was beaten Lien 's wife and 2-year-old daughter were in the vehicle with him . Lien has not been charged . The chase that followed ended in traffic . Police say Lien 's windows were smashed . He was dragged out of the SUV and beaten . He was treated and released from a hospital . Brown is being held on $ 150,000 cash and $ 300,000 bond . His next court appearance is scheduled for October 25 . The NYPD , which has appealed for the public 's help in identifying people in photos , has n't ruled out more arrests or charges . The beating drew widespread attention after a video of the incident was posted online . Of those arrested , at least three have been indicted by a grand jury . Three NYPD officers are under investigation for allegedly waiting several days to tell their superiors they were at the rally where the SUV driver was beaten and kicked . Outlaws or stunt artists ? Bikers with ` crotch rockets ' leave controversy in wake	Jason Brown , 40 , faces charges of first degree gang assault and assault Motorist Alexian Lien was beaten by bikers after bumping one with his SUV , police say Brown is seen on video allegedly hitting Lien with his helmet , court documents say
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Afghan Taliban are prepared to open an "  office outside the country for talks with foreigners , " a purported spokesman for the movement said in a statement released Tuesday . The statement could signal the Taliban 's public willingness to talk to the United States for the first time . Calling himself "  Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan spokesman , " Zabiullah Mujaheed said the Taliban have a "  preliminary agreement with Qatar and other respective sides . " The Taliban are asking for the release of prisoners from the U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in exchange for opening the office , he said . He said the group is also "  ready for talks and negotiation inside the country . " It appears to be the first time the Taliban -- who ruled Afghanistan from 1996 until 2001 , when they were ousted in a U.S.-led invasion -- have offered talks without the condition of an American withdrawal from the country . Read more about Qatar as a mediator It is not clear if the purported spokesman speaks for all parts of the loose-knit Afghan Taliban . His statement was released in Pashto , a local language . "  The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan has always tried to solve any problem with its opposite side through talks , " the statement said . The U.S. Embassy in Kabul responded cautiously to the statement . "  We support an Afghan-led reconciliation process in which the Taliban breaks with al Qaeda , renounces violence and accepts the Afghan constitution , especially protections for minorities and women , " said Gavin Sundwall , a U.S. Embassy spokesman . In Washington , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the United States is prepared to support an Afghan-led reconciliation . "  But this process will only be successful if the Taliban are prepared to renounce violence , break ties with al Qaeda , support the Afghan constitution in all of its elements , including human rights for all citizens , and particularly for women , " she said . Nuland said U.S. officials are not aware of any formal announcement , "  but we are prepared to support a process that the Afghans support . " A top Afghan peace official said he was "  cautiously optimistic " about the Taliban statement . "  We are optimistic that they want to come to the negotiating table , but we have to be cautious because words alone are not enough , " said Ismail Qassemyar , a member of the country 's High Peace Council . He agreed with the Americans that talks had to take place between Afghans . The peace talks are "  an Afghan process ... . Americans ca n't give them anything in Afghanistan because America ca n't make any decision on behalf of the Afghan nation , " he said . Last week he warned against the United States or other nations trying to strike their own peace deals with the militants . "  We ask our international friends not to hold any kind of talks with the Taliban leaders , " Qassemyar said December 27 . Recent media reports have said the United States and other foreign governments with a stake in the Afghan war may try to strike a separate deal with the Taliban . The Washington Post reported in December that the Obama administration reached a tentative deal with Taliban negotiators that would have included the Taliban 's public renunciation of international terrorism and the transfer of five Afghans from Guantanamo Bay . The deal collapsed , the Post said , because of Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's objections . Any talk of a peace process slowed in September when suicide bombers killed senior Afghan peace negotiator and former President Burhannudin Rabbani . Karzai told CNN in December that the government can not hold talks until the Islamic militia identifies a representative with the authority to negotiate . Karzai said Rabbani 's death showed that "  we were actually talking to nobody . " "  A man who came in the name of a messenger for peace turned out to be a suicide bomber , " Karzai said . "  Therefore , we have now clearly said that we will welcome a Taliban address , but that address must have the clarity that this representative is authorized and is representing the Taliban movement as we see it . " Qassemyar said a Taliban office in Qatar would by no means legitimize the Islamist group . "  We accept an address for the Taliban in Qatar if they come there as a movement or a group , not a government or use it as a propaganda venue , " he said .	NEW : Nuland : "  We are prepared to support a process that the Afghans support " The Taliban have a preliminary deal to open an office in Qatar , a statement says They want detainees freed from Guantanamo Bay as a condition for talks It appears to be their first public offer of talks without a U.S. withdrawal
London  CNN  -- When considering risks to their business , employers tend to worry about hackers or burglars , but the biggest threat to security might come from within . According to a study conducted by information management company Iron Mountain , a third of 2,031 European office workers surveyed admitted that they had taken or forwarded confidential information out of the office , and one in seven had taken confidential information with them to a new job . Another 31 % said they would deliberately remove and share confidential information if they were fired . Data breach is a common concern for businesses , but Peter Eglinton , Iron Mountain 's Senior Vice President for UK , Ireland & Norway , says they tend to focus too much on monitoring for attacks from outside , while "  the people side of the organization and the hard copy are forgotten about . " "  You can see who 's hacking in and taking information , but people do n't leave a trail , " he says . "  Therefore , if you do n't have good policies in place , it 's very difficult to work out what has happened with information . " Although we may not always consider the data we work with day in and day out to be particularly exciting , Eglinton says that in any given business there are several functions that might use or create information that 's commercially valuable or subject to privacy laws . "  HR or finance will have an awful lot of access to very sensitive information , " Eglinton says . "  Sales and marketing will have access to customer data , and some of the service organizations will have a lot of information about their patients or their customers . " See also : Work skills you 'll need to survive the ` conceptual age ' Of the workers who admitted to taking confidential information to a new job , half said they believed they had a right to take information , and most said they took information because they had been involved in its creation . Although pervasive , this sense of ownership is misguided , says Eglinton . "  The information you create in your daily work does n't belong to you because you created it , " he says , "  it belongs to the organization that 's paying you to do that job . " The study also revealed that most of those who had taken information when they left a job had relieved their employers of customer databases . See also : Have you got the career X-factor ? This , according to Chris Pounder of UK data protection training organization Amberhawk , is "  a dangerous thing to do . " Privacy laws vary from country to country , but in the EU , for example , any processing of information that relates to a living person is a breach of the Data Protection Directive . Although some consultants and lawyers might be able to negotiate permission to transfer clients with them when they leave a company , Pounder says : "  If an employee took a database of customers without the consent of their employer , they are risking a criminal offense . "  And if they did it to set up their own business , they 're also vulnerable for someone taking a civil case for damages . " Besides , making a gift of illegally obtained information is unlikely to ingratiate you to a new boss . Pounder points out that a new employer who knowingly receives personal data obtained in breach of data protection laws could also be liable for damages caused . So , what can businesses do to protect their data ? Information management companies offer solutions ranging from encryption software to systems that allow organizations to track the whereabouts of files across multiple sites . But Eglinton thinks simply communicating policies regarding information ownership is a good first step towards alleviating the problem . "  I do n't think you need to have security guards on the door every day , but reminding people of the policy , and auditing those processes , would go a long way towards managing information more securely , " he says . Regardless of how information leaves a company -- whether due to malice , professional pride or as more businesses allow telecommuting -- Eglinton believes there is always cause for concern . Even those who take documents home for entirely legitimate reasons and with their employer 's consent might be endangering security . "  How do you manage information created on the train on the way into work ? " he asks . "  And how do you manage that information thereafter ? If people are taking information out of the office , how do you know that information comes back or is securely destroyed ? " Eglinton predicts that , as the volume of information created grows , executives need to consider "  not just the value you get from information , but how you protect it , because it 's a hugely valuable asset , but often nobody has responsibility for it . "	Study : One in seven European workers have taken confidential information to new job Employees are most inclined to take documents they 've worked on Almost a third confessed they would deliberately take files if they were sacked
CNN  -- You have a brain with billions of neurons . You have thoughts , and you do things because of those thoughts . But how do tiny cells translate into thoughts and actions ? The Brain Activity Map initiative is seeking answers to that question . As described in a proposal published online Thursday in the journal Science Express , a group of prominent researchers is proposing a large-scale effort to create new tools to map the human brain in unprecedented detail . This could lead to treatments for brain disorders such as epilepsy , autism , dementia , depression and schizophrenia , as well as ways to restore movement in paralyzed patients . "  We do n't actually understand  how circuits of neurons  generate all these interesting behaviors we have , like speech and language and thoughts and memory , " said John Donoghue of Brown University 's department of neuroscience . "  What we 're hoping is that as the tools develop -- and they will continue to develop -- we have additional insights that will lead to better medical devices . " Donoghue and his colleagues are eagerly waiting to see if the federal government will approve new money to pump into the project ; the recent spending cuts known as the sequester could affect that prospect . But the scientists ' proposal states that the project should be "  funded by a partnership between federal and private organizations , " and they 're already beginning to ramp up their collective efforts , according to George Church , professor of genetics at Harvard Medical School , who is one of the key minds behind the project . There are already indications of federal interest . President Barack Obama , in his State of the Union address in February , said , "  If we want to make the best products , we also have to invest in the best ideas , " and alluded to scientists "  mapping the human brain to unlock the answers to Alzheimer 's . " Along with talking about drug development and materials science , Obama stated , "  Now is not the time to gut these job-creating investments in science and innovation . " Fixing and manipulating the brain A big goal of the initiative is to create ways of stimulating neurons that are less invasive than what 's currently available , said Church . There is already research being done on brain implants . Parkinson 's disease , for example , is being treated with deep brain stimulators , electrical devices in the brain that restimulate specific circuits of neurons that have become faulty . Donoghue is working on a project called BrainGate2 , where scientists are developing technologies to reconnect the brain to the body in patients with paralysis . Researchers implant a small sensor -- about the size of a baby aspirin -- in the motor area of the brain . The sensor picks up a person 's thoughts about moving , and transforms brain signals into movement signals . Through this technology , researchers have demonstrated that patients can move a computer cursor by thinking and manipulate a robotic arm as if it were their own . A next step will be to connect to the person 's own arm or -- if a person has an amputated limb -- to a prosthetic limb that they could control with thoughts . So far , the movements of the robotic arm do n't seem as natural , coordinated or quick as a real arm . That 's because scientists do not yet understand the precise brain processes involved . The Brain Activity Map project could help , for instance , look at the neural connections involved in brushing teeth . "  If we truly understand the code of how the brain does that , we could reproduce it , " Donoghue said . Further into the future , if scientists better understand the neural bases of mental illnesses such as schizophrenia , it could be possible to also develop treatments by targeting groups of neurons with electrical impulses . "  If you understood how thinking emerges from the interaction of many neurons , then you would have ideas about what a disordered thought would look like , " Donoghue said . Another set of tools in the project that looks promising is called optogenetics . Ed Boyden of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology is well-known for this technique . It involves using proteins that are sensitive to light , derived from other organisms such as algae , and putting them into neurons . Researchers can then use optic fibers to manipulate those neurons . High-density optical fiber arrays would offer more , and thinner , probes for neuronal exploration than bulky electrodes . "  About a thousand groups are using these right now to study the brain because it lets you turn on one cell , or one kind of cell , and figure out what it does , " Boyden said . "  Although we do n't have a complete list of the parts of the brain , we know that some cells are different than others , and people can turn on and off those cells to figure out how they work . " From worms to humans to cars The intention of the Brain Activity Map project is to study the human brain , but there is also a lot of work going on in animal models , as they allow opportunities for testing devices before they are deemed safe for human trials . Worms , flies and leeches are good invertebrate candidates , and zebra fish , mice and rats provide another level of depth . "  Within 5 years , it should be possible to monitor and/or to control tens of thousands of neurons , and by year 10 that number will increase at least 10-fold , " Donoghue and colleagues wrote in the Science article . "  By year 15 , observing 1 million neurons with markedly reduced invasiveness should be possible . " Donoghue anticipates that there will be insights that come out of the Brain Activity Map project that go beyond the human brain . After all , as a result of the space program , we have GPS . We have the Web because a primitive version of it was developed at the European Organization for Nuclear Research so that particle physicists could communicate better . How particle smasher and space telescopes relate In the case of this project , next-generation sensors that work in the brain could also be used to make cars smarter , Donoghue said . For instance , a car could automatically slow down if a soccer ball is detected in the road , anticipating that a child may dart out next . About that money ... Researchers compare the economic benefits of brain mapping to the Human Genome Project , which generated $ 800 billion in economic impact as a result of a $ 3.8 billion investment , according to the Science Express article . The genome project , for which Church was a key leader , was another one of the "  best ideas " Obama mentioned in his State of the Union . The Human Genome Project started out in 1990 with $ 30 million in funding a year , and was ramped up to $ 300 million a year , Church said . But Church and his colleagues involved in the brain project have a vision that is akin to what happened after that project ended in 2003 . Between 2004 and 2011 , Church said , there was a "  million-fold " reduction in the cost of genome sequencing , and it 's still happening . "  Every person who does molecular biology now is a million times more effective because of the cost drop that came after the genome project was over , " he said . Cost reduction of brain mapping is also a big aim of the Brain Activity Map project . As technology gets better , it will also get cheaper , Church said . "  Rather than have some monolithic juggernaut goal , where we 're compulsively going to get this neuron and this neuron and this neuron , I think it 's more , we want to enable all the creativity , and maybe even jostle the creativity a little bit , because people can dream different dreams , " he said .	Brain Activity Map project wants to study brain in great detail This could lead to treatments for paralysis , Parkinson 's and other brain disorders Budget cuts may affect funding , but scientists are working with existing resources
CNN  They died in separate shootings . Separated by more than 2,000 miles , they lived with the peril and uncertainty that hundreds of thousands of U.S. law enforcement officers face each day . One was a 14-year veteran ; the other a rookie on his first day out on his own . Two law enforcement officers , one in Fond du Lac , Wisconsin , and another in San Jose , California , were shot and killed in encounters with suspects Tuesday . Such encounters are all too common . The number of law enforcement officers shot to death in the line of duty rose more than 50 % last year , according to the Washington-based National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund . "  Officers were obviously crying , grieving , " said Officer Alberto Morales , a San Jose police department spokesman . "  They will do so for some time , as will many of us in the department . " They were grieving for San Jose police Officer Michael Johnson , a veteran killed while responding to a report of a man threatening to kill himself , police said . The suspect in the San Jose shooting was found dead on his balcony with a gunshot wound , authorities said . Thousands of miles away , officers grieved the shooting death of Wisconsin State Trooper Trevor Casper , 21 , of Kiel , according to the Wisconsin Professional Police Association . The suspect -- a suspected bank robber -- was killed . Casper had successfully completely his field training recently . He was on his first solo assignment , Capt. Anthony Burrell told reporters Wednesday . It 's unclear whether the suspects were fatally shot by law enforcement officers or died of self-inflicted gunshot wounds . Johnson , a veteran , was killed while responding to a report of a man threatening to kill himself , police said . Part of his job was to work with new officers . Police received a call Tuesday evening about a "  despondent , intoxicated man , who possibly had access to a weapon , including a rifle , " said San Jose police Chief Larry Esquivel . When officers arrived at the scene , they were met with gunfire , said Esquivel , adding that investigators were still trying "  to understand what truly happened . " Johnson was the first San Jose officer killed in the line of duty in 14 years . The last officer killed in the line of duty , Jeffrey Fontana , was in the same academy graduating class , Esquivel said . "  It 's unfortunate for any of our officers to lose their lives , whether it 's that class or any class , " he said . It 's not known whether the suspect was wounded in the exchange of gunfire , the police chief said . "  SJPD grieves as we offer our condolences to the family of our brother , " the police department tweeted . Morales said the death had shaken many officers . "  Our hearts , prayers go out with the family of Michael , our brother . This is a very , very difficult time right now . " He remembered Johnson 's smile and bright eyes , how he was "  full of life and cared a lot about his job . " "  It 's a tough thing to relay to your fellow officers who have to go out there to continue to do this job , " Morales said . "  But rest assured , that we will keep him in our memories as we go out there and continue to do the job that we love to do , and I 'm sure he loved to do . " In Wisconsin , Casper was killed after chasing a bank robbery suspect in Fond du Lac , authorities said . He had been sworn in as a state trooper in December , according to media reports and a Facebook page dedicated to his memory . "  Trevor Casper was a lively young man , " Burrell recalled . "  He was very excited about his opportunity to be a trooper ... He always had a smile on his face . When we met several times , I always asked if he was having fun and his response was , ' I sure am , ' with a smile on his face . " Gunfire rang out when the trooper was pursuing a car that matched the description of one used in a bank robbery , CNN affiliate WITI-TV in Milwaukee reported . The suspect , identified as Steven Timothy Snyder , also died , according to the Wisconsin Department of Justice . No other details of the pursuit were available . Police believe the suspect may have shot and killed a man in his 60s after leaving the bank , the station reported . Authorities are not looking for any additional suspects . Lt. Col. Brian Rahn of the Wisconsin State Patrol said the rookie officer 's handling of the fatal encounter was "  absolute textbook -- from the time he made contact with the vehicle until the event was over . " The Wisconsin Department of Justice 's Division of Criminal Investigation will conduct an investigation , a requirement for officer-involved shootings in the state . "  Our son Trevor was an amazing young man who from a young age would do anything to help anyone , " the trooper 's family said in a statement posted on Facebook . "  It did not surprise us when he selected a career in law enforcement . Even as a young child he was always helping others . Trevor had a soft and good heart . He truly believed his sole purpose in life was to serve and protect others . " When his family asked Casper whether he was ready for a career as a trooper , "  Trevor proudly told us that he was ` born ready to do this job . ' Trevor was so very proud of his career as a Wisconsin State Trooper . As a family we are so deeply honored that our son served as a law enforcement officer with the Wisconsin State Patrol and we share in their grief and loss . We are so deeply saddened by this loss and wish to thank everyone who has assisted us during this time , " the statement added . The shooting occurred on the four-year anniversary of the death of Fond du Lac police Officer Craig Birkholz , who was shot and killed during a standoff with a suspect , WITI reported . "  Our hearts go out to his fellow officers , his friends , and especially his family , " said a statement on the Wisconsin Professional Police Association 's Facebook page . "  May we never forget his sacrifice and that of his loved ones who shared and supported his devotion to our common security . " A total of 1,501 law enforcement officers died in the line of duty between 2004 and 2013 -- an average of one death every 58 hours , according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund . CNN 's John Newsome , Shane Deitert and Sam Stringer contributed to this report .	Wisconsin trooper killed during first solo assignment , police say San Jose police officer is killed while responding to a report of a suicidal man Wisconsin state trooper killed during an attempted bank robbery
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored his 33rd and 34th goals of the season as Barcelona crushed Valladolid 4-0 to retain their Spanish Primera Liga title by three points from Real Madrid , who were held 1-1 at Malaga on Sunday . The 22-year-old Messi put the icing on the cake of a memorable campaign for him personally , helping Barca finish the season on 99 points , the most points gained in Spanish league history . With arch-rivals Madrid breathing down their necks , just a point separated the two sides going into the final match of the season , Pep Guardiola 's side knew that only a victory would guarantee their fourth league title in six seasons . And they were handed the perfect start when visiting defender Luis Prieto managed to slice Pedro 's 27th-minute cross into his own net . Pedro was instrumental in Barca 's second goal four minutes later , sliding the ball through the goalkeeper 's legs after latching onto Messi 's pass . Argentine maestro Messi then took over . He netted his first -- and Barca 's third -- on the hour mark when tapping home after Yaya Toure 's powerful run had split the Valladolid defence . The scoring was completed with 15 minutes remaining when Messi fired home after against being set-up by Toure . Speaking to reporters after the match , Barca captain Carlos Puyol said : "  Real Madrid had a great season and made life tough for us but we fought hard to win this title with a huge points tally . "  It is really nice to celebrate this title in front of our fans . We have had some difficult moments and they really helped us get through them . " The victory also meant Real 's result became redundant , although their failure to win now increases the pressure even further on coach Manuel Pellegrini . Pellegrini 's side fell behind on nine minutes when Sergio Duda finished fired Malaga ahead , although Dutchman Rafael van der Vaart earned the visitors a point with a superb turn and strike . The final day results mean that Valencia  third  and Sevilla  fourth  join Barca and Real Madrid in next year 's Champions League . Meanwhile , Valladolid 's defeat means they join Xerez and Tenerife in being relegated to the second division -- while Malaga and Racing Santander both survive the drop .	Barcelona crush Valladolid 4-0 to retain their Spanish Primera Liga title Lionel Messi scores 33rd and 34th goals of the season as Barca finish on 99 points Real Madrid finish three points behind in second place after a 1-1 draw at Malaga
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- The uptick in violence in Iraq has prompted fears among Iraqi leaders and international powers that the tensions between Sunnis and Shiites could escalate further and threaten to burst into full-blown sectarian war . Who 's killing whom ? In some instances it 's Iraqi security forces clashing with gunmen . In others cases it seems to be pure sectarian violence targeting the civilian population in easy to reach targets to cause maximum damage ; to reignite divisions that never fully disappeared . Why is this violence escalating ? After the U.S. military withdrawal , sectarianism began to re-emerge with a vengeance , plus al Qaeda in Iraq and various other groups are trying to re-establish themselves and there is fallout from what 's happening in neighboring Syria . For those closely following what has been happening in Iraq , this is not a surprise . To a certain degree the Iraqi government and other parties have been trying to dial back these tensions , but some steps taken by the Iraqi government serve only to aggravate them . Tensions are higher now than they have been for years . Iraq 's underlying problems have never been adequately addressed . There is a growing discontent within the Sunni minority and a growing number demonstrations against the predominantly Shia government . And it 's all being aggravated by what 's happening in Syria . What is the Syria Connection ? There have been long tribal ties between Iraq 's Sunni heartland and tribes in Syria . Those tribes feel they are being oppressed by Shias whether it 's the government in Iraq or the Alawite sect of Shia to which Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad belongs . In some ways both nations are proxy battlefields for a longtime power struggle between Saudi Arabia , with its Sunni majority , and Shia-ruled Iran and their respective allies . At the same time Iraq 's Sunni population has its own legitimate reasons for demonstrating against the government which have nothing to do with what is happening in Syria . That being said , the conflict in Syria is throwing more fuel into an already burning fire . What is the state of the Iraqi security forces ? Despite all the training they received from the U.S. military they are still largely not properly trained to deal with the multi-layered challenges they face . Additionally , Iraqi security forces are viewed by some as abusing their power ; viewed not as a national force protecting the country but as a force protecting the Shia government . And it does n't help that when driving through Baghdad you see Shia paraphernalia on the security checkpoints . There have been accusations of security forces targeting the Sunni population . Groups like Human Rights Watch accused the Iraqi security forces of abusing their power and using too much force to quell Sunni protests . What are the dynamics between Iraq 's Sunni and Shia populations ? To simplify an incredibly complex situation some Sunnis enjoyed a number of advantages under Saddam Hussein , which have completely slipped away during the rise of the Shia-led government . To Iraq 's detriment , the government from the onset was built upon religious identity -- sectarianism -- and has failed to develop into a nationalistic entity . Iraq , which over the last decades has seen itself ripped apart , has yet to forge its own identity as a nation . Today the country is -- as the U.N. representative to Iraq recently put it -- at a crossroads .	Latest violence has led to fears of sectarian war in Iraq Sunnis are feeling marginalized by Shia-led government Outside groups have accused Iraqi security forces of abusing their power Historical Sunni ties to Syria adds to their feeling of oppression
CNN  -- James Cameron has one word to describe the "  Avatar " sequels : "  Bitchin ' . " In fact , he has more words than that -- but they 're unprintable on a family website . Cameron is currently in New Zealand working on the scripts for the forthcoming films , he told Empire magazine . The movies have been planned out in detail , he said , and now the writers -- including Josh Friedman , Rick Jaffa , Shane Salerno and Amanda Silver -- are putting words to action . "  I think we met for seven months and we whiteboarded out every scene in every film together , " Cameron said . "  I did n't assign each writer  the  film they were going to work on until the last day . I knew if I assigned them their scripts ahead of time , they 'd tune out every time we were talking about the other movie . " "  Avatar , " which was released in 2009 , is the top-grossing film of all time . The film earned almost $ 2.8 billion worldwide , including $ 761 million in the United States . It 's also spawned a Disney theme park . Cameron also directed the second-highest grossing movie , "  Titanic , " which earned an Oscar for best picture . The "  Avatar " sequels are due beginning in 2016 .	"  Avatar " sequels will be "  bitchin ' , " says James Cameron Director and producer working on films ' scripts in New Zealand "  Avatar " is top-grossing film of all time Sequels are due in 2016 and thereafter
London , England  CNN  -- British Airways on Friday announced a pre-tax loss of 164 million pounds  $ 256.5 million  for the three months ending June 30 . The airline 's chief executive , Willie Walsh , cited strikes by BA cabin crews and closures from the Icelandic volcano as reasons for the loss . In April , the eruption of a volcano beneath the Eyjafjallajokull glacier in Iceland grounded flights to and from the United Kingdom for several days amid concerns over safety . Cabin crew staff walked off the job in series of strikes during the quarter in a dispute over pay and working conditions -- a dispute that is yet to be resolved . In the trading statement Friday , BA said the combined disruptions cost the airline 250 million pounds  $ 390 million  , in line with previous estimates . The airline said its operating loss had shrunk to 72 million pounds  $ 112 million  compared with the same quarter last year , as it reined in costs and increased passenger and cargo yields . Fuel costs were also lower . The airline said passenger revenue fell during the period , although yields improved "  driven by a change in mix especially within cabin . " Without the disruption to flights during the period , passenger revenue would have increased by 11 percent compared with the previous year , the company said . Looking ahead , the airline said it was maintaining its forecast to break even in the full year , despite bleak predictions from some analysts about a return to recession . "  While some economic experts are flagging the risk of a ` double-dip ' recession , the steady recovery continues and , on that basis , we continue to target to break even at a profit before tax level for the full year as we move forward on our strategic objectives and continue to build on our excellent customer service , " Walsh said . CNN 's Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	BA announces large pre-tax loss in the three months ending June 30 The airline cites cabin crew strikes and volcano disruption as factors BA believes it will break even for the full year
CNN  -- In brief remarks to the media just after returning to her hometown of Seattle , an emotional Amanda Knox thanked those who believed in her and supported her fight to overturn her murder conviction in Italy . "  I 'm really overwhelmed right now , " said a tearful Knox , who arrived to cheering supporters at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport . "  I was looking down from the airplane , and it seemed like everything was n't real . " "  What 's important for me to say is just thank you , to everyone who has believed in me , who has defended me , who has supported my family , " she said , her voice shaking . Being with her family , she said , is "  the most important thing to me right now . " "  Thank you for being there for me , " she said . Knox and her family were on a British Airways flight that landed in Seattle about 8:12 p.m. ET . Before beginning her remarks , Knox smiled and said , "  They 're reminding me to speak in English , because I 'm having problems with that . " An Italian appeals court on Monday overturned Knox 's murder conviction in the 2007 death of her roommate , British student Meredith Kercher . Knox initially was sentenced to 26 years in prison . Knox 's mother and stepfather , Edda and Curt Mellas , also thanked those who have supported their family , as well as the Italian attorneys who fought on her behalf . "  Meredith was Amanda 's friend , " said Philadelphia attorney Theodore Simon , who spoke at the news conference . Knox wants the Kercher family to be remembered , Simon said as Knox nodded and appeared to fight tears . Knox supporters in Seattle said they planned a rousing welcome . "  To Amanda herself , we say , ` Way to go , kid , ' " Tom Wright , founder of the group Friends of Amanda Knox , said Monday night . "  We look forward to welcoming you home with open arms and open hearts , " Wright said , reading a statement . "  You have well deserved , and will well deserve , all the joy and warmth and fun of your normal life returned to you . " The statement also said that it was "  primarily a sad occasion , " and that the group 's "  deepest sympathies " were with Kercher 's family . CNN affiliate KOMO-TV reported that Wright was among a group of more than a dozen supporters who gathered at a hotel suite to watch the jury return its decision about Knox more than 5,000 miles away . Afterward , Margaret Ralph was among those crying tears of joy . Asked what she 'll say when she sees Knox , Ralph told KOMO , "  I wo n't say anything . I 'll just give her a big hug and kiss . " "  It was incredible , " fellow supporter Kellanne Henry told KOMO , adding that it took a minute to absorb the news . "  They finally got it right , " she said . Many Seattle residents took to social media to post messages . "  I am so happy this nightmare is over for you , " Seattle resident Jenn Whitney wrote in a posting on one of several Facebook pages devoted to Knox . Whitney said she "  cried with joy " when Knox 's conviction was overturned . "  I pray that God brings you home safely , " she added . "  If I had the chance to greet her when she lands back here in Seattle , the only thing I would do is hand her a rose , give her a hug and say ` welcome home ! ' " Jeff Bamby posted . On another Facebook page , Tamara Slater wrote , "  Amanda you have been in the prayers of so many people , it must be heart warming to know you were never forgotten . Welcome home ! " CNN affiliate KIRO-TV reported that when staff went out to gauge reactions to the news out of Italy on Monday , "  We met just a few people in West Seattle who disagreed with Monday 's ruling and thought that Knox was guilty . " Jordan Adams said he thought Knox was guilty , but he was willing to accept the decision to overturn the conviction . "  I did think she was guilty , but I guess , good luck to her since she 's been freed and cleared , " he told KIRO . Early Tuesday morning , a jogger who spotted a CNN crew in Seattle 's Queen Anne Hill neighborhood stopped and yelled , "  Yay Amanda ! Welcome home ! " But later , another resident walked up to a CNN crew to say that she could not "  care less about Knox returning home " and that she believed Knox committed the crime . CNN 's Josh Levs and Sandra Endo contributed to this report .	NEW : An emotional Knox says she is "  overwhelmed " NEW : She says being with her family is "  the most important thing " NEW : Her family thanks her supporters NEW : "  Meredith was Amanda 's friend , " one attorney says
CNN  -- The district attorney of Boulder County , Colorado , says he can not say if he would have signed an indictment against the parents of JonBenet Ramsey -- the 6-year-old beauty queen killed in 1996 -- as a predecessor declined to do three years after the child 's death . "  I do n't know if I would have made the same decision , but I know how difficult these decisions are , " Stan Garnett wrote in his first comments after the release of the indictment . Previously sealed court documents released Friday show that a Colorado grand jury voted in 1999 to indict John and Patsy Ramsey , JonBenet 's parents , on charges of child abuse resulting in death and being accessories to a crime . But then-District Attorney Alex Hunter said there was insufficient evidence to warrant filing charges , and he did not sign the indictment . From the beginning , John Ramsey and his late wife maintained they had nothing to do with their daughter 's death . His lawyer has said there was no evidence to prosecute them , and they were later exonerated by DNA tests . Garnett , who took office in 2009 , wrote a lengthy op-ed in Sunday 's Daily Camera of Boulder explaining his position on the case , which captured national media attention after the little girl was found dead in her family 's home the day after Christmas 1996 . Garnett wrote that he had his staff look at the case after he took office four years ago . His appellate department told him the statute of limitations had run out on the charges in the indictment . As for any other charge , the DA 's staff found nothing to pursue , he said . Garnett wrote he will not comment on the case -- at this time . "  My , or my staff 's view of what the evidence in the Ramsey case proves will only be stated in open court if a case is ever filed , " he wrote , adding the Ramseys are entitled to the "  full presumption of innocence . " Ramsey attorney wants full review On Friday , an attorney for John Ramsey and his family urged Garnett to publicly open "  the entire grand jury record and not just four pages from an 18-month investigation that produced volumes of testimony and exhibits . " The released indictments "  are nonsensical , " said attorney L. Lin Wood . "  They reveal nothing about the evidence reviewed by the grand jury and are clearly the result of a confused and compromised process . The Ramsey family and the public are entitled to the benefit of the full and complete record , not just a historical footnote . Fairness dictates that result . " Wood , in a statement , said the grand jury did n't have what was later to be "  the conclusive 2008 DNA testing that led to the unequivocal , public exoneration of the Ramsey family by the Boulder district attorney . " That year , another district attorney , Mary Lacy , wrote a letter to John Ramsey , saying that new DNA evidence tests had cleared him , his late wife and their son . She formally apologized for the cloud of suspicion the Ramseys had lived under for years . Garnett wrote that a district attorney 's job is to seek justice , not to forgive , "  and rarely to ` exonerate . ' " He said he believes "  straying from this role can be very confusing to the public and can create false impressions of certainty about uncertain evidence , subject to conflicting inferences , that has never been presented and tested in open court . " ' A killer on the loose ' The Ramsey case has never been tried , something that frustrates the community , Garnett wrote . "  Because no case has ever been brought against anyone in  the  Ramsey  case  , the community has had no resolution and the tabloid press has been free to speculate , sometimes recklessly , based on only parts of the evidence , " he said . In the days after the killing , Boulder police and the media focused on John and Patsy Ramsey . The parents always insisted that an intruder had killed JonBenet . "  There 's a killer on the loose , " Patsy Ramsey said a few days after her daughter 's body was found . "  I do n't know who it is . I do n't know if it 's a she or a he , but ... there 's someone out there . " Investigators say they did not find any sign of forced entry into the family home in 1996 . No footprints were found in the snow outside the home , either . A paintbrush from her mother 's hobby kit was used to tighten the rope that choked JonBenet , according to investigators . An alleged ransom letter came from a notepad inside the house and made reference to little-known details about the family 's past finances . In October 1999 , grand jurors assigned to the case went back home , sworn to silence . The eight women and four men had convened regularly for 13 months . They heard from dozens of witnesses , considered 30,000 pieces of evidence . Today , the investigation stands almost where it started -- no arrests and no solid suspects . Documents unsealed Judge J. Robert Lowenbach last week ordered the release of four pages of sealed documents , as requested by Boulder journalists . The court documents show how the grand jury sought to charge each parent with two identical counts . The grand jury had alleged that Patsy Ramsey , who died from ovarian cancer in 2006 , and John Ramsey "  did ... permit a child to be unreasonably placed in a situation which posed a threat of injury to the child 's life or health which resulted in the death of JonBenet Ramsey . " The grand jury also had alleged that each parent "  did ... render assistance to a person , with intent to hinder , delay and prevent the discovery , detention , apprehension , prosecution , conviction and punishment of such person for the commission of a crime , knowing the person being assisted has committed and was suspected of the crime of murder in the first degree and child abuse resulting in death . " The documents provide no further details on who that "  person " was . The grand jury had accused the couple of committing the offenses "  on or between December 25 and December 26 , 1996 . " CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said the indictment merely shows that a majority of the grand jurors felt there was probable cause to charge the parents -- a lower standard than proving guilt beyond a reasonable doubt .	' I know how difficult these decisions are , " Stan Garnett writes He says staff has reviewed case , which remains unsolved Parents owed presumption of innocence , he writes JonBenet Ramsey was killed in 1996 in her parents ' home
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- Anders Behring Breivik boasted Tuesday that he had carried out "  the most sophisticated and spectacular political attack in Europe since World War II " when he killed 77 people in Norway last summer . And he would do it again if he had the chance , "  because offenses against my people and my fellow partisans are in many ways as bad , " Breivik told the court on the second day of his trial . He planned his killings as a suicide attack , he said . "  I did n't expect to survive that day , " he said . Breivik faces trial on charges of voluntary homicide and committing acts of terror in the July 22 rampage . Eight people died in a bombing in central Oslo , then 69 people were systematically gunned down at a youth camp on nearby Utoya Island . Breivik testified in closed court a day after declaring that he had carried out the massacre but was not guilty because the killings had been necessary . He was allowed to read a prepared statement in court Tuesday , taking considerably longer than the 30 minutes he was allotted . He rejected what he said would be prosecution efforts to portray him as a "  pathetic and mean loser " and an "  antisocial psychopath . " He said he represented a "  European resistance movement " and "  Europeans who do n't want our ethnic rights to be taken away . " His lawyer , Geir Lippestad , said Breivik 's statement was "  hard to hear , and it is difficult to understand . " But he said it was important to the trial , since his client wants people to see him as sane . "  It is probably because of his ideology and his thoughts about why he has done what he has done , " Lippestad said . "  He thinks that it wo n't have any effect if he is considered insane . " Breivik 's trial on is expected to last up to 10 weeks . A court translator initially said Breivik was claiming self-defense as the justification , but court officials corrected that Tuesday , saying the correct legal term was "  necessity . " "  He is very satisfied that he has been able to explain himself today as he wished , " Lippestad said . "  It was very important for him to be allowed to read his written explanation that he had prepared . Now we will have four , five days where he can explain himself orally . " Experts have given different opinions about Breivik 's sanity , which will be a factor in determining what punishment he receives if convicted . Sentencing options could include imprisonment or confining him to a mental facility . Under examination by prosecutors , he claimed to be linked to two other individuals in Norway who are associated with the so-called Knights Templar ultranationalist movement . He said "  militant nationalists " had drawn tactical inspiration from Osama bin Laden 's terror network . "  We 've taken a bit from al Qaeda and militant Islamists , including the glorification of martyrdom " and organization into one-man cells , Breivik said . He denied that what he called the "  militant nationalist " movement was evil . "  We do n't act to be evil . We 're trying to save our nations , our ethnic group and our culture , " he said . Most of the relatives of the victims did not want Breivik 's remarks televised , and presiding Judge Wenche Elizabeth Arntzen rejected Breivik 's claim that airing it was a human right . She ruled that his testimony would not be broadcast , and court papers indicated the five judge hearing the case did not want the trial to become a platform for Breivik to air his political views , or for them to distract from the legal issues involved . One of the judges was disqualified before the hearing began for saying online that the death penalty was the right punishment for Breivik . Both the prosecution and defense asked that Thomas Indrebo be removed for leaving a comment on a news website that "  only the death penalty " would be the right thing in the case . Norway does not have the death penalty . Indrebo was one of three lay judges on the panel of five , along with two professional judges . Breivik says his rampage was meant to save Norway from being taken over by multicultural forces and to prevent ethnic cleansing of Norwegians . In a 1,500-page manifesto attributed to him , Breivik railed against Muslim immigration and European liberalism -- including the ruling Labour Party , which he said was allowing the "  Islamification of Europe . " Prosecutors on Monday played a recording of a terrified girl phoning for help during the shooting rampage , a recording punctuated by constant firing in the background . They also showed security camera video of the central Oslo bomb blast that killed eight people , images that participants in the trial watched with ashen faces . Breivik sat in court without restraints , behind a bulletproof glass barrier set up to protect him during the proceedings . He appeared to be overcome with emotion , fighting back tears , when part of his video manifesto "  Knights Templar 2083 " was played in court . On Tuesday , he said he wept as he watched the film because he was thinking about his country and ethnic group dying . Lawyers for the victims had said Monday that "  No one thought he was crying for the victims . " Lippestad said the trial "  is going very well so far , in a very ordered way . " "  It is no circus , and you can tell that this is a dignified and good way to determine his guilt , " he said . CNN 's Per Nyberg and Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	NEW : Breivik 's statement is "  hard to hear , and it is difficult to understand , " his attorney says Breivik says militant nationalists learned from al Qaeda The court rejects Anders Behring Breivik 's request for televised testimony A judge is disqualified for advocating the death penalty for the killer
CNN  -- In many ways , the Middle East makes a strange -- and at times perilous -- hotbed for caricature . Many of the region 's leaders have a poor reputation for humor , and often , the list of banned topics makes for a long read . For those that dare to satirize a taboo , the punishments can be harsh : arrest , torture , exile , even death . "  The one thing a tyrant ca n't stand is to be laughed at , " says Robert Russell , the executive director of the Cartoonists Rights Network International , a group that monitors the threats facing editorial cartoonists globally . "  If there 's rebellion in the streets , they can bring out the tanks , but if everyone is laughing at you , what defense do you have ? It undermines the authority of a tyrant to be laughed at . " Despite the dangers that await many Arab cartoonists , some of the region 's more contentious countries are actually experiencing a political satire renaissance . According to Jonathan Guyer , a Cairo-based Fullbright Scholar who is translating Egypt 's cartoons into English for his blog , Oum Cartoon , the country is experiencing "  a golden age of caricature . " "  On any given day , a newspaper could have ten comics . You 'll see dozens of Morsys above the A1 fold being mocked , " he says , referring to the ousted Egyptian president . "  You just would n't see that in American papers . " Video : The artist that sculpted Saddam Still , he notes , the country 's media is more reticent about publishing images critical of the military . "  A couple of artists told me they got warning calls from the military , but more as a kind of gentle , backroom nudge , " he explains . In other countries , the nudges are less gentle . The assault of Syrian cartoonist Ali Ferzat in 2011 brought international attention to the dangers awaiting those that -- pen and ink in hand -- poke fun at the Arab world 's more tyrannical leaders . For much of his career , Ferzat satirized the political and military order in Syria without singling out any individual . In the months leading up to the Syrian revolution , he broke what he called "  the barrier of fear " and started drawing President Bashar al-Assad . In one daring image , the Syrian ruler was depicted standing on the side of the road , thumbing for a lift from deposed  and , at the time , living  Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi . Read more : Iran 's cartoonists find new lines of expression Less than a week after the cartoon was published , Ferzat was accosted outside of his office by masked gunmen . "  The president 's boot is better than you , " they told him , before breaking every finger in his hands and leaving him for dead . "  At that moment , I thought that I was going to say good-bye to life . But I also thought I had to accept the outcome of what I 'd done . I had to stand behind what I believed in , " admits Ferzat , who was recently in London for an exhibition of Syrian art organized by the charity Mosaic Syria , who is using proceeds from the sales to fund their relief work . Hands healed , Ferzat continues to draw politically charged cartoons , but now lives outside Syria . If he was ever reticent about caricaturing the atrocities taking place in his home country , he is n't now . "  I was really happy to start drawing again . It was like a second chance . After what happened to me , I had more resolve to tell the whole world . I went to the front line . It 's been even more important for me to speak out against the regime , " he says . Video : Egypt 's first comedy factory Though exile is not an easy life , those cartoonists that have n't managed to escape face a potentially worse fate . Last year , another Syrian artist , Akram Raslan , was arrested and has n't been heard from since . Russell , who has been lobbying for Raslan 's release , fears he may be dead . "  We sent a letter to Syrian ambassador in Washington , D.C , and a few days later heard his trial had been delayed . We thought , ` Oh , how wonderful . ' Two weeks later , we heard he 'd been killed , " he says . Recognizing the dangers that many cartoonists face , Iranian Nikahang Kowsar who fled Iran in 2003 , is working on an online platform that allows cartoonists to use templates to create their own satires anonymously . "  That way , people can use those characters to question the authorities , without having it traced back to , say , the Syrian or Iranian cyber army , " he says . "  It 's our way of giving a voice to the voiceless . "	Some countries in the Middle East , like Egypt , are experiencing a ` golden age ' of caricature . Many cartoonists in the region can face arrest , torture and exile . Syrian cartoonist Ali Ferzat thought he 'd say ` good-bye to life ' when assaulted by thugs in 2011 . Iranian cartoonist Nikahang Kowsar is working on a platform to make cartooning safe .
We journeyed down Alaska 's Seward Highway when a story appeared before us like a supernatural vision . A wave , a long wave , stretched shore to shore , beneath a panorama of snow and icy-gray November splendor in Alaska 's Cook Inlet . And there it was , in the distance . "  They 're surfing ! Surfing in Alaska ! " I exclaimed in immature glee to CNN photographer Jeff King , who was driving . He and I are a journalistic light infantry : We get our assignments , grab a LiveU  a video phone that replaces a satellite truck  and off we go to far-flung destinations to report on politics . Now we entered hyper-drive to document a traveler 's surprise : We wanted to catch a wave and a surfer on camera . In Alaska . In 32 degrees . We pulled over . I took the wheel . And Jeff began filming out of the window of the SUV rental . Just who was this mystery surfer ? Would they be a good interview ? We arrived on the shore to meet the arctic surfer . The trim athlete in the black wetsuit , hood and gloves was a 22-year-old woman . Hailey Driver , as it turns out , is an Alaskan adventurer who seems as if she 's jacked up on adrenalin , Mountain Dew and caramel corn . Could we film her ? Why yes , she said . By the way , she added , do you want some video she made of herself using a GoPro camera ? And with a drone flying overhead ? Some stories come gift-wrapped . Driver told us about the thrill of the Alaskan surf and about the constant strain on the thighs during 15-minute rides on the tidal bore . "  You just wait for the bore tide to take you away , " she said . "  You ride it for as long as you can go , which can be miles . " What in the name of the Beach Boys is a tidal bore ? This rarity from Mother Nature occurs when the edge of the incoming tide gets pushed up by the outgoing flow of a river or narrow inlet 's current , forming a wave . There are a few dozen tidal bores shredding the globe , in all climates and perhaps most dramatically in Canada 's Bay of Fundy . Alaska gave Jeff and me our first glimpse of a tidal bore . We love this state . During a prior trip , we played a hunch and found Sarah Palin voting in a hockey rink on Super Tuesday and had a nice live chat in 2012 . Now we found Hailey Driver surfing in 40-degree water between so much amazing scenery . Even she says it 's hard to stay focused and not fall off the board .	Alaska 's Cook Inlet is home to 15-minute long tidal bores A tidal bore is a natural wonder when an incoming tide is pushed up by current Hailey Driver , 22 , rides the bore tide using a GoPro and a drone One surf ride can last miles , she says
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities have arrested a 78-year-old man on charges he killed a woman he believed was a witch who had put a spell on him . Santiago Iniguez Olivares is accused of bludgeoning Modesta Navarro Nieves and her husband at their home in the mountainous Guadalupe del Cobre community in April 1998 , the Michoacan state attorney general 's office said Thursday . The husband survived . Olivares had been on the run until recently , when he returned to Guadalupe del Cobre because he thought the 11-year-old murder had been forgotten , the attorney general 's office said . Authorities arrested him while he was walking to a bus station , the Apatzingan Valley Information Agency said on its Web site . According to officials , Iniguez Olivares went into the woman 's home , accused her of putting a witch 's spell on him and started to beat her with a stick . The woman 's husband then came home and Iniguez Olivares turned the club on him before fleeing , the attorney general 's office said in a release . Guadalupe del Cobre is a remote village in western Mexico . This is second case in 18 months involving the slaying of someone accused of witchcraft . Authorities arrested a woman in June 2008 in central Mexico on charges that she had killed another woman for similar reasons , La Voz de Michoacan newspaper said .	Santiago Iniguez Olivares accused of bludgeoning Modesta Navarro Nieves because he thought she put a spell on him Olivares had been on the run until recently , when he returned to the area because he thought murder had been forgotten Authorities arrested a woman in June 2008 in central Mexico on charges she had killed another woman for similar reasons
The next "  Star Wars " cast will include originals Mark Hamill , Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher reprising their 1977 roles . "  Star Wars : Episode VII " will pick up three decades after the "  Return of the Jedi " episode 's story with the same actors who played Luke Skywalker , Han Solo and Princess Leia , according to Disney , which bought Lucasfilm and its Star Wars film franchise two years ago . Peter Meyhew will be in Chewbacca 's Wookiee suit for a fifth film , while Anthony Daniels and Kenny Baker return as robots C-3PO and R2-D2 respectively , the Disney announcement said . "  We are so excited to finally share the cast of ` Star Wars : Episode VII , ' " director J.J. Abrams said . "  It is both thrilling and surreal to watch the beloved original cast and these brilliant new performers come together to bring this world to life , once again . We start shooting in a couple of weeks , and everyone is doing their best to make the fans proud . " New actors to the "  Star Wars " franchise include John Boyega , Daisy Ridley , Adam Driver , Oscar Isaac , Andy Serkis , Domhnall Gleeson , and Max von Sydow , the announcement said . Composer John Williams , who has written scores for all six "  Star Wars " films , will also create the music for the newest . The movie is scheduled to open around the world on December 18 , 2015 .	Next "  Star Wars " picks up 3 decades after "  Return of the Jedi " story Original Chewbacca , C-3PO and R2-D2 actors are back John Williams will again compose the "  Star War " score "  Star Wars : Episode VII " opens December 18 , 2015
Boston , Massachusetts  CNN  -- It 's early on a Saturday morning , and Sarah Markowitz limbers up before her dance class begins . Sarah stretches on the bar at the school run by the Boston Ballet as her fellow students start to wander in . They are all excited , because today they get to perform for their parents . "  I like dance because I like Gino , " Sarah says , referring to Gianni di Marco , the instructor for this class of more than a dozen very special dancers . Gino , as his students call him , has taught various ballet classes for the school but now focuses mostly on this one , Adaptive Dance . It is a class specifically for kids with Down syndrome . "  It 's about movement , " Di Marco explains . "  It 's about trying to coordinate the body with the music and have joy . " As a conga drumbeat fills the room , the class begins . Di Marco starts in front of his students . They are all seated , facing the floor-to-ceiling dance studio mirror . He leads them through a series of motions timed to the rhythm , gradually working to a standing position . They are all smiles , and Di Marco encourages them with "  Oh , yeah ! " as they shout with enthusiasm , bodies swaying , feet stomping . "  Dance is something that has no limitations , " Di Marco says . He leads them all in a circle , a pied piper with his loyal and happy group . They each take turns , one at a time , in a freestyle dance in the center . High-fives , hugs and fist bumps are common as each of the friends completes his or her routine . The program started in 2002 and was the idea of Michelina "  Mickey " Cassella , a physical therapist from Boston Children 's Hospital who also works with dancers from the Boston Ballet Company . "  They 've had physical therapy , occupational therapy , speech therapy , " Cassella says of the kids in the Adaptive Dance class . "  I wanted them to come into this building , " she goes on , "  and to be able to participate in a class like other children . " Though not a dance instructor , Cassella is always there to help guide the students if one of them becomes distracted or just needs a little encouragement . "  They 're moving to music beautifully , " Cassella says . "  They 're developing moves we did n't even know they could do ! " She has seen these kids grow into teenagers during their time here and has been amazed by their progress . "  It 's just been a beautiful thing to watch . " In the studio , Di Marco has brought the parents in to watch their children perform . Anne Markowitz smiles as she watches her daughter , Sarah , lead the class through spontaneous poses , using the opportunity to ham it up a little . "  I think it 's fabulous , " Anne Markowitz says of the program , and Sarah loves every minute of it . Down syndrome is nothing new to Markowitz , nor are the many capabilities of her daughter and the rest of the students . "  It does n't matter what your special needs are , " she says . "  You can do ; you can dance ; you can express yourself . " Di Marco explains that his students were sometimes hesitant to join in when he first started teaching them . But now he thinks dance has given them all a confidence that goes beyond the dance studio . "  It 's not just to learn how to dance , " he says , "  but also to learn how to be who you are , and I think they 're developing that very well , here , in this environment . " The reward goes both ways , however . Di Marco says that seven years ago he was nervous when the classes began . But now , he says , "  Here I am having the time of my life teaching these children . " This is the last class of the session , and the students wo n't be back until March . Di Marco invites the parents to join their children in a dance . They form a circle again , but this time each student shares a dance with their family members instead of solo . The excitement culminates in one large group hug in the center . They are all exhausted and all smiling . Di Marco , his arms outstretched as if to embrace every one of them , says , "  This is life . I love you guys . Thank you for bringing your children to play with me ! "	Adaptive Dance is class specifically for children with Down syndrome "  Dance is something that has no limitations , " instructor says Class helps teach students learn "  how to be who you are " Teacher sums up : "  This is life . I love you guys "
If you meet someone from Newark in the next few days , treat them gently . Having been voted the least friendly city in the world last year  beating Islamabad , Kuwait City and even Detroit  , the New Jersey hub has this year been named the least friendly in the United States . Logical , it would seem , but it must smart all the same . Conde Nast Traveler 's annual Readers ' Choice Survey unveiled the friendliest and unfriendliest cities in the country , based on reviews from the magazine 's readers . Southern cities dominated the list of the friendliest cities with Charleston , South Carolina , topping the chart . Named the friendliest city in the world in last year 's poll , Charleston is a "  quaint and special little gem " according to the report , winning travelers ' hearts with its hospitality , great food , local culture , history and natural beauty . Savannah , Georgia , came second thanks to the "  animated guides in seersucker suits " and San Antonio rounded up the top three . The unfriendly list was dominated by medium-sized cities . Oakland , California , was voted second unfriendliest , and was described as "  rough around the edges . " Ranked third , Hartford , Connecticut , has "  been trying to lift itself out of a slump since the 1980s . " Detroit dropped from no. 4 to no. 6 in the unfriendly list . Called the "  armpit of the world " by one reader last year , the report said comments this year were less brutal . Friendliest cities in the United States 10 . Asheville , North Carolina = 8 . Nashville = 8 . Key West , Florida 7 . Jackson Hole , Wyoming 6 . Fort Worth , Texas 5 . New Orleans 4 . Telluride , Colorado 3 . San Antonio 2 . Savannah , Georgia 1 . Charleston , South Carolina Unfriendliest cities in the United States 10 . Miami 9 . Wilmington , Delaware 8 . The Hamptons , New York 7 . Los Angeles 6 . Detroit 5 . New Haven , Connecticut 4 . Atlantic City , New Jersey 3 . Hartford , Connecticut 2 . Oakland , California 1 . Newark , New Jersey MORE : Travel + Leisure survey names world 's best cities	Conde Nast Traveler 's Readers ' Choice Survey unveils friendliest and unfriendliest cities in U.S. Newark tops chart as unfriendliest city Southern cities dominate friendliest cities list
CNN  -- On Tuesday , the Supreme Court will confront the profound impact of new location-tracking technologies on Americans ' privacy . The case , U.S. v. Jones , presents the question of whether law enforcement needs a warrant before planting a GPS tracking device on a person 's car . The answer to this question is important in its own right , but the case is likely to have broader implications . Attaching a GPS to a car is n't the only way the government can track people 's movements . In fact , everyone with a cell phone is already carrying a device that the government can use to track his or her location . As a result , the principle at stake in this case may well shape our privacy rights in the years and decades to come . The police in the current case suspected Antoine Jones of drug violations and tracked his movements continuously for one month by installing a GPS device on his car . Increasingly , though , law enforcement agents are tracking our movements by tracking the cell phones that most people are already carrying around . It does n't matter whether your phone is a smartphone or whether you use it to make calls ; as long as your phone is turned on , it registers its location with cell phone networks several times a minute , and all U.S. cell phone companies hold on to that data , some of them for years . This kind of tracking is extremely invasive , because if the government knows where you are , it knows who you are . As the Jones appellate court explained in its ruling that the government violated the Fourth Amendment , "  A person who knows all of another 's travels can deduce whether he is a weekly churchgoer , a heavy drinker , a regular at the gym , an unfaithful husband , an outpatient receiving medical treatment , an associate of particular individuals or political groups -- and not just one such fact about a person , but all such facts . " Cell phone tracking can reveal our private associations and relationships with one another . The government could make note of whenever people being tracked crossed path or spent time together , showing who our friends , associates and lovers are . The Justice Department sometimes gets warrants to track location , and some local police departments make it a policy , which shows that it 's not an unworkable requirement . But state and federal judges across the country have made conflicting rulings on what standards are required for the government to obtain tracking information from cell phone companies . New technology provides the government with a powerful and inexpensive tool to follow individuals as they travel through both public and private areas . Unless the court concludes that such tracking requires a warrant , anyone 's movements could be subject to remote monitoring and permanent recording at the sole discretion of any curious police officer , without any judicial oversight . And while it may not be realistic to think that the government will install a GPS device on every car , it 's not at all implausible to think that the government will ask cell phone providers to turn over location-tracking information en masse -- and it may well be the case that the government is doing so already . It was revealed last month that the London police have a system that lets them track hundreds of phones in real time in a targeted geographic area , a technology that could easily enable the government to identify everyone at an Occupy protest , tea party rally or any other political gathering . The genius of the Constitution is that its limits on the government can still be applied in a modern world that the framers could scarcely have imagined . Anyone who values privacy should hope that the Court ensures the government can not use technological advances to undermine the liberties this country was founded on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Catherine Crump .	Should law enforcement need a warrant before planting a GPS tracking device on a car ? Yes , the Supreme Court ought to decide that they should , says Catherine Crump The principle at stake in a current case may well shape our privacy rights , she says All of us can already easily be tracked through our cell phones , Crump says
CNN  -- U.S. Army Sgt. Steve Flaherty was in a tough spot and he knew it . "  If Dad calls , tell him I got close to being dead but I 'm O.K. , " he wrote to his mother . "  I was real lucky . I 'll write again soon . " Not long after that , Flaherty 's luck ran out in the jungles of Vietnam . He never wrote to his mother again . His letter to his mother , along with at least three other letters , fell into the hands of North Vietnamese soldiers when he was killed in March 1969 . Now those handwritten letters are on their way home . Nearly four decades after the end of the Vietnam War , the United States and Vietnam have exchanged personal papers taken from the dead bodies of each others ' troops for the first time , the Pentagon announced Monday . While the letters themselves are still in Asia , their emotional impact has already hit home for members of the Flaherty family . Martha Gibbons said Monday that recognizing her late brother-in-law 's handwriting immediately and reading of the carnage he witnessed tore at her heart and reinvigorated the positive feelings she has for him . "  I 've always loved Steve and admired his courage and character , " she said . "  And this just made me admire and respect and love him even more . " Vietnamese Defense Minister Phuong Quang Thanh gave U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , who was on a historic visit to Hanoi , the letters taken from Flaherty 's body and later used in Vietnamese propaganda broadcasts . Panetta announces new strategy with Asia A top Vietnamese colonel , Nguyen Phu Dat , kept the letters since the war , and mentioned them last summer in an online publication about documents from the war years . A retired Pentagon prisoner-of-war and missing-in-action expert ran across the reference a few months later , the Department of Defense said . The Pentagon and State Department worked with counterparts in Vietnam to arrange the handover of the Flaherty letters to Panetta , who will have them returned to Flaherty 's family . In exchange , Panetta handed over a diary taken by U.S. Marine Robert Frazure from the body of Vietnamese soldier Vu Dinh Doan in 1966 . Frazure had brought them home to Walla Walla , Washington , and kept them after his discharge from the military . He later gave them to the sister of one of his buddies killed in the war as she researched the conflict . She passed them to the PBS program "  The History Detectives , " who tracked down Vu Dihn Doan 's family and gave the diary to American officials to hand back . As to Steve Flaherty , he was the biological son of a Japanese mother and American father who was adopted as an adolescent from an orphanage in Japan . He soon became a proud son of the Flaherty family in South Carolina , where he was a star student , athlete and "  caring , loving young man , " according to the now 73-year-old Gibbons . "  Everybody who met him loved him , " she recalled . "  He was very smart , very athletic , very proud of his country -- just a wonderful young man . " A college student with pro baseball prospects , Flaherty joined the Army willingly "  because he felt it was his obligation , " his sister-in-law said . He was eventually dispatched to Vietnam , informing his family of the perils there by mail , even as he likely shielded the worst of it from his adopted mother . Gibbons , though , said the excerpts she 's read from his recovered letters gave her new appreciation for his courage , as well as sadness that he had to deal with such terror . "  I was in tears  reading the letters  thinking of how he must have felt , how afraid he must have been yet determined to do his duty , as he stood there with bullets flying around him , " she said . "  I knew he was in danger , but I never knew he was in that kind of danger . I just wept for him , and I wish I could have been there to help him . " Gibbons said the family had no idea such letters existed until about six weeks ago , when she was contacted by former Defense Department official Robert Destatte , who 'd translated parts of the online Vietnamese publication . It was n't until Sunday that she read a new message from Destatte , telling her the letters may be exchanged the following day . On Monday , Gibbons said a top aide to Panetta called her from Vietnam , setting off a whole new wave of memories and emotions . "  It is like going through the funeral all over again , with a different feeling , " she said . Himself seeing the Flaherty letters for the first time on Monday , Panetta said "  a lot of blood was spilled " on both sides but he "  hopes it helped in healing relations " between the two countries . JoAnne Shirley , whose brother Maj. Bobby Jones is the only flight surgeon still missing from Vietnam , praised Panetta 's efforts . "  It shows the concern that our own government has for our guys that are missing in action or killed in action , " she said . "  There are certain areas of Vietnam that we have never had access to , " she said . Panetta 's involvement "  sends a message to the Vietnamese that we do care and are interested . " Panetta announced Monday that Vietnam is opening up three new areas of the country for remains recovery operations . Shirley , a former chairman of the board of the National League of POW/MIA Families , said it also sends an important signal to troops fighting abroad now . "  It should send a message to those who are serving today , as well , that we are not going to to leave them on foreign soil . That we do care about them , " she said . And she said the government has a responsibility to its troops . "  Thousands of Americans are still missing from World War II to the present . We have an obligation to these guys that we send into harm 's way , " she said . Panetta is on a tour of Asia that includes Singapore and India . His trip aims to boost military ties in the region . On Sunday , he visited a former U.S. Navy base in Cam Ranh Bay , marking the first trip to the base by an American defense secretary since U.S. forces pulled out of Vietnam nearly 40 years ago . Standing on the USNS Richard E. Byrd , Panetta said the Vietnam generation "  is my generation . " He called on those present to "  heal the wounds of the past , " saying it makes the sacrifices of those who died worthwhile and will help build a better future . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : The late soldier 's sister-in-law says the letters made her weep and love him even more Vietnam hands over letters taken from Sgt. Steve Flaherty 's body after he was killed in 1969 Defense Secretary Panetta returns a diary taken from a Vietnamese soldier 's body It 's the first exchange of its kind , decades after the war ended , the Pentagon says
CNN  -- Authorities have recovered 54 bodies after a ferry crammed with people capsized in southern Bangladesh , police said Sunday . Among the victims were 22 children and 15 women , said Nazrul Islam , the police chief of Bhola district where the accident occurred Friday . Thirty more passengers are believed missing and presumed dead , he said . "  Hopefully , in few hours , we should be able to confirm the exact number of missing  people  , " Islam said . The boat had a capacity of 1,500 but was overcrowded with about 2,000 people who were traveling from the capital , Dhaka , to their homes in Bhola for the Muslim festival of Eid al-Adha . The boat toppled as passengers weighted down one side to disembark , Islam said . Police and firefighters rushed to aid passengers , many of whom were trapped in the lower deck . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report	Authorities recover 54 bodies after overcrowded ferry capsizes Boat had capacity of 1,500 , but 2,000 people onboard They were traveling homes for the Muslim festival of Eid al-Adha
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton introduced herself as a "  proud supporter of Barack Obama " at the Democratic National Convention on Tuesday as she called on her party to rally behind her former rival . Sen. Hillary Clinton , with daughter Chelsea , receives a standing ovation from the Democratic delegates . "  Whether you voted for me , or voted for Barack , the time is now to unite as a single party with a single purpose . We are on the same team , and none of us can sit on the sidelines . This is a fight for the future . And it 's a fight we must win together , " she said . Leading up to her address , there was a lot of speculation about what she would say and whether she would make a strong enough call for unity . But she made a very strident case for Obama 's candidacy . "  No way . No how . No McCain . Barack Obama is my candidate . And he must be our president , " Clinton said . Her speech , which was the last of the night , followed a line up of other Democrats who used their time at the podium to attack President Bush 's record and McCain 's policies . Appearing strong and energized , Clinton thanked her voters for supporting her historic campaign as a female candidate and reached out to those wary of Obama by telling them they were n't in this for her , but for her cause . That cause , she said , is the same thing that Obama and the rest of the Democratic Party are fighting for . Watch Clinton 's entire speech " Many analysts said the speech would end speculation that Clinton has not fully embraced Obama as her party 's candidate . Clinton mentioned Obama by name more than twice as many times as she mentioned the party as a whole . Analysts weigh in on the night 's speakers " "  I thought she was a class act , " said political analyst David Gergen , who worked in the Clinton administration . "  I think it could well be said that nothing has so become her campaign as the way she has ended it here tonight . " Clinton also praised Obama 's newly tapped vice presidential candidate , Sen. Joe Biden of Delaware . The former first lady called Biden "  pragmatic , tough and wise . " Watch Clinton talk about the Obama-Biden team " Clinton was met with a standing ovation from an enthusiastic audience . Only a few pockets of the standing-room only convention center were n't on their feet cheering for her . Observers said she had the biggest reception of the evening . As soon as the speech ended , the McCain campaign issued a statement implying that Clinton did nothing to dispel her previous criticism of Obama . "  Sen. Clinton ran her presidential campaign making clear that Barack Obama is not prepared to lead as commander-in-chief . Nowhere tonight did she alter that assessment , " McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds said . "  Nowhere tonight did she say that Barack Obama is ready to lead . Millions of Hillary Clinton supporters and millions of Americans remain concerned about whether Barack Obama is ready to be president . " The McCain campaign has stepped up its effort to woo disaffected Clinton supporters , running ads highlighting Clinton 's criticism of Obama during the primaries . Obama called Clinton after the speech and thanked her for her support and said she could not have done a better job . Earlier , former Virginia Gov. Mark Warner appealed across party lines in his keynote address . Obama has been campaigning hard to win Virginia , which has n't voted for a Democratic president since President Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 . Watch Warner make his case for Obama " According to CNN 's electoral map , the state is a toss-up going into the general election . In order for Obama to take the state 's 13 electoral votes , he would need to win over some of Virginia 's independent and Republican voters . Instead of tearing into the current administration , Warner talked about ideas -- highlighting science and technology . "  I know we 're at the Democratic convention , but if an idea works , it really does n't matter if it has an ` R ' or 'D ' next to it , " Warner said . "  Because this election is n't about liberal versus conservative . It 's not about left versus right . It 's about the future versus the past . " His words echoed Obama 's own keynote speech of four years ago when the then little known senator from Illinois spoke of what united rather than divided Americans . In 2004 , before John Kerry was nominated for president , Obama said to delegates : "  There is not a liberal America and a conservative America -- there is the United States of America . There is not a Black America and a White America and Latino America and Asian America -- there 's the United States of America . " Republican strategist Alex Castellanos said Warner 's address could do for him what Obama 's address did four years ago . Watch Warner 's entire speech " "  It 's a very powerful speech . He 's going to come out of this convention the way Barack Obama came out of the last convention -- as the rock star , as the next guy , " he said . "  It was an important speech because if this election is about experience and strength , McCain wins . But if this election 's about the past versus the future , Republicans have a much tougher job . " Warner 's most blunt criticism of President Bush was that he has kept the country from living up to its potential . Tuesday 's other speakers played up Obama 's message of change and tore into McCain , saying he would only bring about more of the same . Pennsylvania Sen. Robert Casey Jr. at one point feigned shock at the idea that the Republican Party was asking for four more years in the White House , promising the party of President Bush and McCain "  not four more years , but four more months . " In response , the delegates jumped to their feet shouting , "  Four more months ! Four more months ! " Audience members also waved signs that said "  McCain more of the same . "	NEW : Hillary Clinton : The time is now for Democrats to unite NEW : Barack Obama calls Clinton and thanks her for her support Speakers at Democratic convention tie McCain to Bush policies Former Virginia Gov. Mark Warner appeals across party lines in keynote address
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Toshiba said Tuesday it will no longer manufacture HD DVDs , effectively ending the long-running battle with the rival Blu-ray for a dominant high-definition format . People watch a demonstration of HD DVD at the 2008 International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas . Toshiba said it made the decision to cease developing , manufacturing , and marketing HD DVDs after "  recent major changes in the market . " It promised to continue offering support and service for all existing Toshiba HD DVD products . "  We carefully assessed the long-term impact of continuing the so-called ` next-generation format war ' and concluded that a swift decision will best help the market develop , " Toshiba President and Chief Executive Atsutoshi Nishida said in a news release . Toshiba 's HD DVD business has been suffering recently with a string of major retailers and rental companies announcing their preference for Blu-ray , developed by Sony . Watch video on the battle of the formats " Last week alone , Wal-Mart and online rental company Netflix said they would abandon HD in favor of Blu-ray . Last month , Warner Brothers Home Entertainment -- which had been the largest media company releasing videos in both formats -- announced it would offer DVDs solely in Blu-ray . The DVD battle has been reminiscent of the VHS vs. Beta fight in the early 1980s . It has left many consumers confused and waiting to see which technology will emerge as the industry standard . Sony 's Blu-ray is backed by Disney , 20th Century Fox , MGM , Dell , Panasonic , and Philips . Toshiba 's HD DVD is backed by Paramount , Universal Pictures , Microsoft , Sanyo , and NEC . Toshiba said it would continue to work with those companies and study ways to collaborate with them in the future . Tens of billions of dollars have been at stake as major movie studios battled for a dominant format . But rival game consoles have been part of the struggle , too -- Sony 's Playstation 3 plays Blu-ray discs , while the Microsoft Xbox will play HD DVDs if users install an add-on component . Both Blu-ray and HD are high-definition DVDs , the successor to ordinary DVDs which show pictures only in standard definition . But Blu-ray and HD involve different hardware and are not compatible with each other , meaning consumers have had to decide which system to invest in . Both formats have an excellent picture quality with a large storage space . But Toshiba has lost the battle because it lacks a retail presence in many markets , said Carl Gressum , a senior analyst at Ovum , a London technology consultancy . "  They did n't manage to bring on board some of the China vendors , they did n't bring  on board  the retailers , they 've failed to develop in the European and Asian markets , " Gressum told CNN . Warner Brothers announced its decision to drop HD DVD right before last month 's International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , a significant event for corporate buyers . Gressum said that led to an immediate drop in retail support for Toshiba 's format . Gressum said manufacturers of both formats have made things more difficult for retailers by forcing consumers to make a choice between the gradually-dominant Blu-ray and the much-cheaper HD . "  They 're losing money in many cases because of the price war between the two formats as Toshiba -- and also Microsoft , to a certain extent -- has been playing the price card for HD DVD players , " he said . Toshiba said the company would continue to market standard DVD players and recorders . E-mail to a friend	Toshiba says it will no longer make or market HD DVD players and recorders Move delivers victory to rival Sony 's Blu-ray disc technology for next-generation video Toshiba lost because it lacks retail presence in many key markets , analysts say
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigerian unions resumed talks with the government Saturday following days of national protests over corruption and soaring fuel prices in Africa 's largest oil producer . The two sides met ahead of a promised labor shutdown of the Nigerian oil industry . In solidarity with protesters , the oil union has threatened to stop production if the government does not reinstate subsidies that will return the cost of fuel to previous levels . A decision to halt production would affect global oil prices ; Nigeria is the world 's eighth-largest exporter . Throngs of protesters have rallied to demand government accountability and a return of fuel subsidies ended on January 1 , a move that doubled gas prices and sent the cost of other goods skyrocketing . "  This is not the first time the subsidy has been removed in Nigeria . For two decades , every single government has done this , " said Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala , the nation 's finance minister . "  There is a very short memory . It has always resulted in resistance and a strike and so on . " A deal had not been reached to avert the shutdown as talks stretched into early Sunday . While negotiations remained ongoing , one union leader said oil workers will resume their strike Monday . Earlier , labor unions urged protesters to take a break from their five-day strike Saturday and Sunday to stock up on food and water supplies . Stores and supermarkets shut down as part of the national strike were set to reopen over the weekend to allow protesters to get supplies , said Folorunso Oginni , chairman of the nation 's oil union , the Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria . Despite the strike suspension , the deadline to shut down oil production is still in effect unless the government and labor unions reach an agreement , he said . The protests -- dubbed "  Occupy Nigeria " -- have galvanized the continent 's most populous nation . Nigerians accuse their leaders of corruption and misusing oil revenues in a country where most citizens battle grinding poverty . The government has said the removal will free funds to improve the country 's infrastructure . But there is a widespread lack of trust in the government to provide the infrastructure -- Nigeria is regularly ranked among the most corrupt countries in the world . "  It is to now to try to move this forward regain the people 's trust . They can not say because of mistakes in the past the country should not move forward , " the finance minister said Friday . In addition to the protests , the government faces another crisis -- religious attacks that have heightened fears of sectarian violence in parts of the country . CNN 's Vladimir Duthiers , Kim Chakanetsa and Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	NEW : Oil workers will resume their strike on Monday , union leader says Meeting comes ahead of a planned shutdown of the Nigerian oil industry An oil industry union gave the government an ultimatum to restore fuel subsidies A decision to halt production would affect global oil prices
WASHINGTON  CNN  During his upcoming speech to Congress , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will lay out the details of what he understands to be the nuclear agreement between world powers and Iran , hoping it will prompt lawmakers to question the administration and delay the March 24 deadline for a political agreement . A senior Israeli official traveling in Netanyahu 's delegation , who was not authorized to speak on the record , said the Israeli government had "  a good understanding of the agreement we can draw conclusions from . " "  We know what we know . And believe me , we know a lot of information about this agreement , " the official told reporters aboard the flight to Washington . "  The Prime Minister is going to Congress to explain what they do n't know about this agreement that it is a bad agreement . " Will speech backfire ? The official said Congress has "  no understanding " of the deal shaping up . He described the Prime Minister 's speech as a "  last chance " to speak directly to Congress before a March 24 deadline for a political framework agreement about the elements believed to be in the deal . The official would not disclose how the Israeli government reportedly had more information on the deal than the U.S. Congress , but noted that many of the parties were leaking details of the talks . However , in congressional testimony before a Senate Appropriations subcommittee last week , Secretary of State John Kerry said , "  Anybody running around right now jumping in to say , ` Well , we do n't like the deal ' or this or that , does n't know what the deal is . There is no deal yet . And I caution people to wait and see what these negotiations produce . " The official suggested Netanyahu would urge lawmakers in his Tuesday address to pressure the Obama administration to push the deadline so more discussion can take place about what he perceives is a dangerous deal that leaves Iran with the ability to develop a nuclear weapon down the line . "  There is no sacred date , " the official said of the March 24 deadline . "  It can be put off . It is not fixed . They can change it " The official said that as the March 24 deadline approaches , Netanyahu will warn "  be careful of giving up compromises . They are compromises and they are not good . " Obama hinted last week that he did not see the need for any additional extensions , saying the talks have , "  sufficiently narrowed and sufficiently clarified that we 're at the point where they need to make a decision . " That deadline was agreed to by the five parties and Iran , which is why Kerry is having marathon meetings with the Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif in Geneva beginning again this week . 6 questions about Netanyahu 's visit Netanyahu spoke with Kerry on the eve of his trip , the official said , adding that despite the fraught political tone of Netanyahu 's visit , the United States and Israel continue to communicate through intelligence channels . Intelligence and national security officials , this official said , met last week with National Security Adviser Susan Rice and Wendy Sherman , the lead U.S. negotiator for the Iran talks . "  The objective of Israel is to get a better agreement , " the official said . "  We want a good agreement . We are not against all agreements and the Prime Minister never said we were . "	Netanyahu to speak to members of Congress on Tuesday Netanyahu to warn of making bad deal with Iran , source says Congress has "  no understanding " of the deal shaping up , source says
Michael Jackson often cried after talking to AEG Live executives as he prepared for his comeback concerts , his oldest son testified Wednesday . "  After he got off the phone , he would cry , " Prince Jackson testified . "  He would say ` They 're going to kill me , they 're going to kill me . ' " His father told him he was talking about AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips and his ex-manager , Dr. Tohme Tohme , Prince said . Prince , 16 , began his testimony Wednesday morning in his family 's wrongful death lawsuit against Jackson 's last concert promoter , AEG Live . His first 30 minutes on the stand were filled with videos and photographs of Jackson with his children , but then the questioning by Jackson lawyer Brian Panish focused on the last weeks of his father 's life . Prince testified that Phillips visited Jackson 's rented Los Angeles mansion and spoke aggressively to Dr. Conrad Murray the night before his father 's death . "  He was grabbing his elbow , " Prince said . "  It looked aggressive to me . He was grabbing by the back of his elbow and they were really close and he was making hand motions . " He could n't hear what Phillips was saying to Murray , he said . Michael Jackson was not there because he was at his last rehearsal , Prince said . He called his father from the security guard shack telephone to let him know Phillips was there . His father asked him to offer Phillips food and drink . Prince said that was his last conversation with his father . "  Sorry kids , your dad 's dead " Prince recounted the day his father died four years ago . He saw his father "  hanging halfway off the bed , his eyes were rolled back , " when he ran into the bedroom where Dr. Murray was doing CPR in a futile effort to revive him , he said . Paris followed him up the stairs , "  but we kept pulling her down the stair , " he said . "  She was screaming the whole time saying she wants her daddy , " he said . At the hospital later , Dr. Murray told them "  Sorry kids , your dad 's dead , " Prince testified . Prince was 12 when the pop icon died , but he said his father confided in him about whom he trusted and did n't trust and what he feared as he prepared for his comeback concerts . Michael Jackson 's three children -- Prince , Paris and Blanket -- and their grandmother Katherine Jackson are plaintiffs in the lawsuit , which contends AEG Live is liable in Jackson 's death because the company hired , retained or supervised Murray , the doctor convicted of involuntary manslaughter . Murray told investigators he gave Jackson nightly infusions of the surgical anesthetic propofol to treat his insomnia . The coroner ruled the singer died of an overdose of the drug . AEG Live executives allegedly created a medical conflict of interest that pressured Murray to pursue the dangerous treatments so Jackson would be rested for rehearsals , while ignoring warning signs that his health was failing , Jackson family lawyers argue . AEG Live lawyers contend that it was Jackson who chose and controlled the doctor and that company executives had no way of knowing what treatments Murray was delivering . Prince Jackson 's 16th birthday gift : A career AEG Live lead lawyer Marvin Putnam 's cross-examination of Prince lasted just 25 minutes . It centered on trying to discredit his testimony about Phillips ' visit to his home and about cash payments that Prince said his father gave Murray at times . Prince stood by his story about the Phillips and Murray encounter , although he conceded it could have been two nights before his father 's death and not the last night . The toll of losing their father Prince 's testimony gave Jackson lawyers a chance to show jurors the emotional toll suffered by Jackson 's children , which they would have to put a dollar figure on if they conclude AEG Live is liable in their father 's death . "  I ca n't sleep at night , " Prince said . "  I have a hard time sleeping . " The death left him "  emotionally distant from a lot of people " for a while , he said . He 's missed sharing with his father "  the first day of going to school , having the first girlfriend , being able to drive , " Prince testified . While Paris Jackson 's suicide attempt and hospitalization was not brought up in court -- and it is unclear if jurors learned about it in the news -- Prince did speak about his sister . "  I think out of all of my siblings she was probably hit the hardest because she was my dad 's princess , " he said . Prince said the questioning of Paris by AEG Live lawyers over two days in March was painful for her . "  She had some problems before , after and , I assume , during , " he said . "  She definitely is dealing with it in her own way , " her brother said . Paris , who was 11 when her father died , is not available to testify in person in court because she is hospitalized for psychiatric treatment . While he and his sister no longer want to celebrate birthdays because "  it 's not the same without " their father , Blanket , now 11 , does , Prince said . "  Right now , I do n't know if Blanket realizes what he lost , " he said . "  He was so young . He is still growing up just like I am and he does n't have a father to guide him . " AEG Live attempted to compel Blanket , the youngest child , to testify , but the judge rejected its request after a psychologist said it would harm the boy . Changing the world ? Jurors watched a home video of Michael Jackson questioning his three children about how they planned "  to change the world " when they grow up . Prince testified that the video was made at Christmas . "  What 's Christmas mean ? " Jackson is heard asking his children . "  Love , " Blanket responded . "  Who 's Blanket going to be to change this world ? " Jackson asked . "  I do n't know , " Blanket , who appeared to be about 5 at the time , answered . "  What does Paris want to do ? Be honest search your heart , " Jackson said . "  Help the poor , " she answered . Paris also said she would like to be a gymnast . Prince told his father he aspired to be a movie director and architect because he liked "  making things . " Private details revealed Prince , who said his grade point average is 3.68 at the private school in Sherman Oaks , California , at the end of his sophomore year . He is a member of the National Honors Society and received artistic awards at school , he said . His extracurricular activities include martial arts and working as a mechanic in his school 's robotics program , he said . He wants to attend the University of Southern California to study film and business , he said . His father taught him how "  the great ones " made movies , including how to "  find shots . " He gave him a lens that hung on a necklace that showed what a shot would look like , he said . Prince said while his school requires a certain amount of community service , he 's does more than that . He volunteers at Children 's Hospital in Los Angeles in a program that delivers books to young patients "  to keep their minds off their problems . " His father "  always said you should give back to the community and help out as much as you can , " Prince said . The jury was shown video of Jackson and his children at the Neverland Ranch where they lived until moving after Jackson was acquitted in a child molestation trial . The family moved after the court case "  because there were complications , " Prince said . "  They ruined it for my dad . " One video showed a giraffe and several alpacas in the Neverland Zoo . "  I never really went near them because they would spit on us , " Prince said . The video also showed the carnival rides at Neverland . "  We only went there and to the zoo on special occasions because my dad wanted us to remain humble , " he said . When shown a photo of his father sitting with him at a piano , Prince said "  I can never play an instrument and I definitely ca n't sing . " The trial is in its ninth week and is expected to last until August .	"  Sorry kids , your dad 's dead , " Prince Jackson says Dr. Conrad Murray told him Paris was "  hit the hardest because she was my dad 's princess , " Prince says Prince describes "  aggressive " encounter between AEG head and Dr. Murray The wrongful death trial of AEG Live is in its ninth week in a Los Angeles courtroom
CNN  -- You do n't find too many happy stories in the aftermath of a tornado , but Spc. Jacob Montgomery is telling one . He was one of many Midwesterners holding on for dear life this month as a spate of deadly tornadoes rumbled through . Hundreds of families had their lives altered when 76 reported tornadoes hit . At least eight people lost their lives . How to help : Tornadoes tear across Midwest Montgomery 's apartment in Washington , Illinois , was turned to rubble on November 17 . And to make matters worse , he could not find his pitbull puppy , Dexter . His training helped him deal with a lot of things , he said , but not that . "  As a National Guardsman , you train to respond to emergencies all the time , but I never really had it happen to me , " said Montgomery , who has been a military police officer with the Illinois Army National Guard for more than five years . For days , he scoured the wreckage looking for Dexter , unsuccessfully . Then he got a phone call from his neighbor Tuesday . A rescue group had found Dexter buried under a pile of rubble near Montgomery 's apartment , the neighbor told him . They coaxed him out of the mess using hot dogs . "  I am lucky . All I had in my apartment is gone , but my dog was all I really had to worry about , " Montgomery said . Montgomery is living at a friend 's house while he looks for a new place to stay . But at least he has Dexter . Midwesterners try to recover after string of deadly tornadoes Oklahoma woman finds dog , wedding ring amid tornado rubble	A series of tornadoes hit Midwest on November 17 His town of Washington , Illinois , was badly hit There were 76 reported tornadoes
CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Tuesday the situation in the Ivory Coast is increasingly volatile and the country risks a return to civil war . The West African nation has fallen into chaos since a presidential runoff election there last month . The country 's Independent Electoral Commission said opposition candidate Alassane Ouattara won the election , but its Constitutional Council invalidated those results and declared incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo the winner . The United Nations , the African Union and other international bodies recognize Ouattara as the victor , but Gbagbo is refusing to step down . "  In the past week , there has been an alarming increase in the use of intimidation by elements of the national security forces loyal to Mr. Gbagbo against the civilian population , and in particular against supporters of President-elect Ouattara , " Ban said in New York . "  The tactics include abductions and killings and the propagation of hate speech through the state broadcasting corporation , " he continued . "  There is a real risk of a return to civil war . " Meanwhile , in the Ivory Coast , Gbagbo dug in his heels , declaring "  I am president , " in a defiant speech . He stressed he is the legitimate winner of the election , but said he would be willing to welcome an international committee to review the results to avoid any further violence . "  I do n't want any more bloodshed . I do n't want any more war , " he said . U.N. peacekeeping chief Alain Le Roy referred to Gbagbo 's remarks when he spoke to reporters in New York . "  Mr. Gbagbo has been very clear . He wants no violence , no more blood , " Le Roy said . "  So all the forces loyal to him should stop immediately provocation , instigating violence , violation of human rights and provoking the UNOCI mission . We have a mandate to fulfill , and we will fulfill that mandate . " Le Roy said Gbagbo 's allies have been handing out rifles to members of a "  Young Patriots " group , and mercenaries from Liberia and Angola have been hired "  to provoke the civilian population and UNOCI personnel . " He said the United Nations appreciated Gbagbo 's call for restraint , but said it should be accompanied by a halt to incitement and attacks on Ouattara 's supporters . His and Ban 's comments echoed those made by Amnesty International earlier in the day . Citing eyewitnesses , the rights group said it has heard an increasing number of stories of people arrested or otherwise taken by gunman , often with the cooperation of security forces in the Ivory Coast . Amnesty said police are accused of attacking a mosque in Grand-Bassam , opening fire on crowds and groping female protesters . "  It is clear that more and more people are being illegally detained by security forces or armed militiamen and we fear that many of them may have been killed or have disappeared , " Salvatore Sagues , Amnesty International 's West Africa researcher , said in a written statement . Two U.N. military observers were hurt Saturday in an attack by what Ban called "  Young Patriots , " according to a statement from the secretary-general . On Friday , six armed men wearing military uniforms and traveling in a civilian vehicle opened fire on U.N. peacekeepers in Sebroko , the peacekeeping operation reported . The U.N. troops returned fire . The U.N. Security Council has extended its peacekeepers ' mission in Ivory Coast through June 30 , despite an expulsion order by Gbagbo . The Gbagbo government accuses the United Nations of providing military and logistical support to former rebels who are backers of Ouattara -- a charge Ban denied . "  The United Nations has stood on the side of Africa against this attempt to overturn the democratic process and the will of the Ivorian people , " he said . Ban also accused forces loyal to Gbagbo of obstructing the movement of United Nations ' personnel and operations in the Ivory Coast , blocking the delivery of key supplies . "  The international community must act ... and act decisively , " he said .	NEW : Incumbent president says he is willing to have election results reviewed Ban Ki-moon says the situation in the Ivory Coast is increasingly volatile and violent He accuses security forces there of intimidation , abductions and killings The Ivory Coast has fallen into chaos since a disputed presidential election last month
CNN  -- Another child in Colorado has been hospitalized with partial paralysis . Doctors do n't know what is causing the mysterious neurological illness . They have identified 11 other children at the hospital with similar symptoms : limb weakness , cranial nerve dysfunction and abnormalities in the spinal gray matter . Four children in Boston also match the criteria for this illness , doctors say . The mother of one of the Colorado children described the family 's "  scary experience " at a telebriefing on Friday . It started with a cough . Then the girl became lethargic and her fever rose . Her mom took her to the doctor , but the girl 's blood work looked fine . Doctors sent her home to rest . The next day , the girl complained of weakness in her arm . "  I thought that she was being dramatic and faking it , " her mom said , speaking on the condition of anonymity . But over Labor Day weekend , the muscle weakness got worse . "  She kept dropping her corn on the cob . " Almost two weeks after the illness started , the girl was admitted to the hospital . Some of the children in Colorado and Boston have tested positive for enterovirus D68 , a virus that has been sending children around the country to the hospital with severe respiratory illness . But others had no signs of the virus in their system . "  It 's probably going to be weeks to months in terms of trying to understand what 's happening , " said Dr. Samuel Dominguez with Children 's Hospital . As of Wednesday , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention had confirmed 500 cases of respiratory illnesses caused by enterovirus D68 in 42 states . Enterovirus D68 has also been found in samples from four people who died recently , according to the CDC , but it 's unclear what role the virus played in their deaths . It 's possible that enterovirus D68 had nothing to do with them . Enteroviruses are very common , especially in the late summer and early fall , with the CDC estimating 10 million to 15 million infections each year in the United States . "  I tend to be a fairly calm , laid-back mom , " the girl 's mother said when asked about her recommendation for other parents . "  Yes , things are mysterious , and it 's hard in life when we ca n't get an exact answer , but I really feel that it 's not something that other people should panic about . " Her daughter has returned to school and continues to do physical therapy to regain strength in her am . Several children are still in the hospital , Dominguez said . "  The other kids who have been admitted have continued to be stable ... they 're not getting worse but they 're not showing dramatic improvement . " CNN 's Jordan Bissell contributed to this story .	Another child in Colorado is hospitalized with limb weakness , MRI abnormalities 12 children in Colorado and four in Boston have similar symptoms Mother of one of the Colorado children describes "  scary experience "
The humor at the 98th annual White House Correspondents ' Association Dinner went to the dogs . President Barack Obama poked fun Saturday at everything , from the Secret Service scandal to the lavish spending by the Government Services Administration , to the upcoming general election . However , it was a spoof about Mitt Romney and his dog Seamus that highlighted the president 's monologue . The joke recalled a political ad released by the Newt Gingrich campaign that took aim at Romney for admitting he once put his family dog in a cage and perched it on the top of his car . "  I know everybody is predicting a nasty election , and thankfully , we 've all agreed that families are off-limits , " the president said . "  Dogs , however , are apparently fair game . " The president 's punch line : An ad by a phony Super PAC that featured Romney on Air Force One with a dog cage on top of the aircraft and promoted dog freedoms , while warning of Obama 's policy of dog socialism . "  Under his leadership , man 's best friend has been forced into automobiles . Imagine the European-style socialism that he has planned for the next four years , " the spoof ad said . The president even poked fun at himself over recent criticism by the Romney campaign about revelations in his book , "  Dreams From My Father , " where he revealed he was fed dog meat as a boy in Indonesia . "  That 's pretty rough . But I can take it , because my stepfather always told me , it 's a boy-eat-dog world out there , " Obama said . The president referred to former vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin 's recent guest hosting on "  Today , " saying it "  reminds me of an old saying -- What 's the difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull ? A pit bull is delicious . " The dinner was Obama 's fourth as president . It has been a ritual in Washington since 1920 , when it was first held to boost communication between the press and the president . Journalists and news organizations were well-represented at the affair , and they brought famous faces in tow . Among those in attendance Saturday were Claire Danes , Elizabeth Banks , Paul Rudd , Sigourney Weaver , Eva Longoria , Viola Davis , Kerry Washington , Rachel Zoe , Goldie Hawn and Josh Hutcherson . The annual gala , also known as the "  Nerd Prom , " raises money for journalism scholarships . While the dinner is notorious for its sometimes bawdy political humor , the president took a serious moment to recall the deaths of Anthony Shadid of The New York Times and Marie Colvin of the Times of London , "  who made the ultimate sacrifice as they sought to shine a light on some of the most important stories of our time . " Shadid and Colvin died in February while covering the conflict in Syria . Overall , Obama stayed true to the theme of the night -- humorous barbs . He joked about business tycoon Donald Trump , whom the president kidded at last year 's dinner about pushing the president to release his long-form birth certificate . "  We gather during a historic anniversary . This weekend last year , we finally delivered justice to one of the world 's most notorious individuals , " Obama said to a packed ballroom at the Washington Hilton . A photo of Trump was shown , rather than that of slain al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . Obama then went back even further in time . "  Four years ago , I was in a brutal primary battle with Hillary Clinton , " Obama said . "  Four years later , she wo n't stop drunk texting me from Cartagena , " a reference to the city where Secret Service agents allegedly consorted with prostitutes . The president also took aim at the scandal , itself : "  I had a lot more material prepared , but I have to get the Secret Service home in time for their new curfew . " Obama , speaking before comedian Jimmy Kimmel , made light of a General Services Adminstration conference in Las Vegas that cost more than $ 800,000 . "  Look at this party . We have men in tuxes , women in gowns , fine wine , first-class entertainment . I was relieved to hear it was not a GSA conference , " Obama quipped . He even chided Kimmel , star of ABC 's "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " "  Jimmy got his start on the ` Man Show . ' In Washington , that is what we call a congressional hearing on contraception . " Kimmel , who took the stage following the president 's monologue , hit back . "  Remember when the country rallied around you in the hopes of a better tomorrow ? " Kimmel asked . "  That was hilarious . " Kimmel said there was a term for "  guys like the president , " and it was n't two terms . He said he told the Secret Service that for $ 800 , he would stay away from jokes about the scandal . "  But they only offered $ 30 , " he said . Nobody in the room was safe from Kimmel 's barbs , which he fired at politicians , journalists , celebrities and corporate executives in attendance . Kimmel praised Michelle Obama 's work to combat obesity with her health initiative . The comedian then pointed out rotund New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to the first lady . "  Look , it 's Chris Christie . Get him , " Kimmel said . Kimmel then took aim at Gingrich 's weight . But Kimmel 's fat jokes fell , well , flat with the former House speaker .	President Obama says families are off-limits during election "  Dogs , however , are apparently fair game , " he says Highlight of the president 's monologue includes a fake Super PAC ad about dog freedoms Jimmy Kimmel says there is a term for the president and it is n't "  two terms "
CNN  -- Additional evidence found with a man shot to death by police further links him to the shooting deaths of five people in upstate South Carolina , authorities said on Tuesday . Homicide suspect Patrick Tracy Burris , 41 , was fatally shot by police in North Carolina on Monday . Reggie Lloyd , director of South Carolina 's State Law Enforcement Division , would not elaborate in a conference call with reporters on the items found with 41-year-old Patrick Tracy Burris , but said they appear to have "  come from the victims . " Burris was shot to death by police early Monday in Dallas , North Carolina . Authorities said they believe he is the man who killed five people in Gaffney , South Carolina , since June 27 . Police are attempting to unravel Burris ' lengthy criminal history . Lloyd on Tuesday said it raises the question of "  what ... the citizens in South Carolina and in this country deserve . And to me , they deserve better than to have somebody with a 25-page rap sheet out on the street with them . " Listed as a "  habitual felon " in North Carolina corrections records , Burris was released from prison April 29 after serving nearly eight years . His minimum sentence -- on several 2001 felony breaking and entering and larceny convictions -- was seven years and nine months ; his maximum was 10 years and a month , said George Dudley , spokesman for the North Carolina Department of Correction . As a condition of Burris ' release , he was placed on nine months of supervised parole , Dudley said . After he failed to make his set curfew on several occasions , "  numerous attempts were made to contact him , " he said . After those attempts , Burris ' parole officer concluded he had violated his parole and put the process in motion to revoke it -- a process that ultimately would have landed him back behind bars . It was that warrant , on parole violation , out of Lincoln County , North Carolina , that officers attempted to serve on Burris after finding him and checking his background early Monday . But he shot at authorities , who returned fire , killing him , police said . Dudley said corrections officials feel they did their duty , but were surprised at the Gaffney deaths . "  We feel sorry for the people in Gaffney and elsewhere , " he said . Burris had six infractions listed on his corrections records during his incarceration , but Dudley said the infractions were nothing "  that would have made someone think that he might do what he did . " Lloyd , however , said burglary is considered a violent crime in South Carolina , and that Burris ' history includes armed robbery . He also has weapons charges "  coming out of his ear , " he said . "  I consider those violent . " The federal system punishes habitual criminals much more harshly , he said , and states should follow suit . Although Burris was born in Maryland , he spent many years in Rockingham County , North Carolina , said that county 's sheriff , Sam Page . Most of his convictions originated there . Page noted , however , that Burris ' record in that county contains only property crimes -- extortion , blackmail , larceny -- and "  no real crimes of violence . " He recalled investigating an extortion case in which Burris was thought to have forced an elderly man to write a check to him , but said the man was not willing to testify against Burris . Police in Dallas , North Carolina , responding to a call of a possible burglary early Monday encountered three people at a home -- two who lived there and the third who was an acquaintance , said Bill Blanton , sheriff of Cherokee County , South Carolina . They checked Burris ' background and found the warrant , triggering the shootout . One officer was shot in the leg , but was treated and released at a hospital . About 100 investigators from North and South Carolina were working the case , Blanton said Monday . Gaffney is in Cherokee County . Peach farmer Kline W. Cash was believed to be the first of Burris ' victims , according to police . He was shot to death June 27 . Cash 's wife found him dead in their home , and the house might also have been robbed , Blanton said . Four days later , the bound and shot bodies of Hazel Linder , 83 , and her 50-year-old daughter , Gena Linder Parker , were found in the home where Linder lived alone . Authorities were still attempting to determine whether anything was taken from that home , Blanton told reporters Monday . The last victims were Stephen Tyler , 48 , and his 15-year-old daughter , Abby Tyler . Stephen Tyler was pronounced dead at the scene of the shooting last week in the family 's furniture and appliance store . His daughter , shot in the same incident , died Saturday . Authorities said on Monday that tests showed the gun found with Burris matched the weapon used in the killings in Gaffney , about 20 miles northeast of Spartanburg , South Carolina , and 55 miles southwest of Charlotte , North Carolina . As for the two people found at the North Carolina home with Burris , "  We have nothing to suggest they were potential victims , " Lloyd said Tuesday . Authorities are interested in the two , however , regarding their possible association with Burris , he said . Page described Burris as physically intimidating , about 6 feet 7 inches tall and weighing about 300 pounds . "  Some people go to prison and learn how to be better and correct themselves , " Page said , but Burris apparently did not . "  You never know what people are going to do . "	Items found with Burris appear to have "  come from the victims , " official says North Carolina authorities shot Patrick Burris on Monday Burris suspected in five slayings in Gaffney , South Carolina
InStyle.com  -- Toss that basic black and indulge in a fashion fantasy this year . We asked the four gorgeous stars of ABC 's new TV show "  Cashmere Mafia " to take part in a little experiment : If you could slip into a different guise for a day , what would it be ? Frances O'Connor in Zac Posen silk gown , José and María Barrera rhodium-plated earrings with Austrian crystals . Frances O'Connor glams it up Understated when it comes to her own style and buttoned up in banker stripes as Zoe on Cashmere Mafia , Frances O'Connor , 40 , has been hankering for an infusion of pure glamour . "  I love the idea of wearing a dress that 's a work of art in itself , " says the actress , who slipped easily into a red-carpet fantasy with a mouthwatering cherry-hued gown by Zac Posen . O'Connor 's "  safety first " approach to fashion means living mostly in simple Marc Jacobs pieces , but it 's a sensibility that does n't offer much in the way of frippery -- which suits her just fine . "  I do n't like to stand out too much , " says the willowy Anglo-Aussie beauty . Still , Posen 's fluttering cascades of silk offer both a role reversal and a respite . "  A fantasy has to move you to feel like a different person , " she says . "  That 's fun for a day . Then I like to put my jeans back on and go home . " Lucy Liu relives the forties Few decades enthrall Lucy Liu like the 1940s . "  I like the idea of updating a traditional silhouette from that era in a fresh way , " says Liu , whose character , Mia , reigns over a New York publishing fiefdom in power looks by Dolce & Gabbana , Valentino and Rachel Roy . Despite its abstract floral print , the ruffled organza dress by Christian Lacroix would seem right at home on the cover of a World War II-period glossy , yet Liu imbues it with a distinctly modern verve . "  There was something really elegant and erotic about women back then , with their girdles and cinched-in waists , " she says . On the set the 39-year-old star relishes watching costume designer Patricia Field work her sartorial sorcery with a swirl of offbeat textures and trimmings . "  The other day my character was wearing a gold lamé striped dress with a coffee-hued belt , black leggings and green earrings . It 's contagious , " says Liu , who finds herself mixing -- and not matching -- more freely these days . Miranda Otto indulges in gems Famous for playing a Middle Earth maiden in the Lord of the Rings movies , Aussie actress Miranda Otto found herself dressing a little like one offscreen too , in muted , ethereal garb . But her arctic complexion and fiery tresses are the perfect canvas on which to throw splashes of drama . "  Shooting Cashmere Mafia -LSB- the 40-year-old beauty plays steely hotelier Juliet -RSB- has made me lust for accessories , " she says . Presto : Otto is resplendent in scads of jewelry . "  Wearing stacks of the stuff makes it more interesting , " she adds . There 's just one catch to donning such beguiling accents : "  My 2-year-old daughter , Darcey , wants everything . " Bonnie Somerville goes for fifties bombshell Bonnie Somerville longs for the bygone days when women were perennially polished . "  In the fifties you 'd never leave the house without your hair done , your face on , and a nice dress . Me , I have my staple uniform of jeans , tank tops and flats . " To resolve her clothing ennui , the actress chose a dazzling yellow Lela Rose number that is equal parts Bond Girl and Palm Beach socialite . "  It 's something I never thought I could wear for daytime , " says the Brooklyn , New York-bred singer and actress who plays Cashmere 's trendy cosmetics exec , Caitlin . A skinny metallic belt gives the look more of a now vibe . "  On the show , with everything we wear , Patricia Field says , ` Put a belt on it ! ' " says Somerville , 33 . "  Now I 'm buying belts in my real life , which I never did before . " E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2008 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Each actress in "  Cashmere Mafia " has own style Lucy Liu likes 1940 's silhouettes Miranda Otto wears scads of jewelry Bonnie Somerville is wearing belts on and off screen
CNN  -- A former Norwegian prime minister has been appointed to lead NATO , the alliance said Friday . Jens Stoltenberg , 55 , has been named to the secretary-general post held by Anders Fogh Rasmussen and will begin his new job on October 1 . Stoltenberg is "  the right man to build on NATO 's record of strength & success , " Rasmussen said via Twitter . Stoltenberg served as Norway 's prime minister two times , first ascending to the position in 2000 at age 40 . His last term ended October 2013 . During his tenure as prime minister , Stoltenberg often called for NATO to focus on security challenges close to Allied territory , according to NATO 's website . He is now the U.N. 's special envoy on climate change and serves as the Norwegian Labour Party 's parliamentary leader . Rasmussen , a former prime minister of Denmark , has been NATO secretary general since 2009 .	Stoltenberg takes over in his new job this October He 's now the U.N. special envoy on climate change Rasmussen says Stoltenberg is "  right man " for post
CNN  -- A woman whom police describe as a high-end prostitute is under arrest after they say she injected a Silicon Valley tech executive with heroin and then casually left as he lay dying . Forrest Timothy Hayes , 51 , had an "  ongoing prostitution relationship " with Alix Catherine Tichleman , 26 , when he was found dead November 23 aboard his 50-foot yacht in the Santa Cruz harbor , according to a police statement . Detectives say security footage from the yacht shows Tichleman , who boasted of over 200 client relationships via a website called "  Seeking Arrangements , " injecting Hayes with heroin . How heroin kills you "  Rather than provide first aid or call 911 , Ms. Tichleman proceeds to gather her belongings including the heroin and needles , " the police statement reads . Tichleman stepped over Hayes ' body several times while gathering her belongings , at one point stepping over him to finish a glass of wine , police say . They say the video finally shows her leaving the boat and then reaching back to lower a blind and conceal the victim 's body from outside view . Tichleman appeared in court in Santa Cruz on Wednesday . She is being charged with manslaughter , administering heroin to another person , administering bodily harm , moving heroin across county lines , possession of heroin and prostitution charges . A public defender asked that her arraignment be postponed until July 16 . Police say they came across Tichleman in the course of investigating the death of Hayes , a Google executive who reports say worked on the Google Glass project , among others . They say they became concerned that she planned to leave the state , so detectives posing as a potential client lured her to an "  upscale location " after arranging a July 4 session for more than $ 1,000 . She was arrested when she arrived . Google did not return messages seeking comment . Apple , where reports say Hayes previously worked , declined comment . "  I was really devastated when I heard about it , " Todd Zion , who worked at Google for a short time under Hayes , told The San Francisco Chronicle on Wednesday . "  He was a great boss . I never had a chance to thank him . " Tichleman describes herself as a model , makeup artist and writer on what appears to be her Facebook page , on which her name is spelled Tichelman and which says she formerly worked at Larry Flynt 's Hustler Club . It says she studied journalism at Georgia State University in Atlanta . "  It 's really nice to talk with someone about killing sprees and murdering people in cold blood ... and they love it too , " a June 28 post on the page reads . "  No judgement . Yay ! F**k all of that positivity bullsh ** . Take a look around you . Life is hard and then you die . " The profile includes numerous modeling shots of Tichleman , some of them in provocative poses . By midafternoon Wednesday , the page appeared to have been deleted . The police statement says detectives are looking into a similar death in another state to see whether Tichleman may have been involved . Tennessee man accused of chopping up woman and eating her remains Many claim to be child of Zodiac Killer ; Louisiana man is only the latest Man charged with murder 23 years after abusing infant daughter CNN 's Augie Martin and Amanda Watt contributed to this report .	An alleged prostitute has been charged in the death of a Google exec Forrest Timothy Hayes , 51 , was found dead on his yacht Police say Alix Tichleman , 26 , was on video footage They say she injected Hayes with heroin and then left casually
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A British surgeon amputated the arm of a wounded teenager in Congo , Africa , with help from instructions sent to him by text message . British surgeon David Nott , center , with two colleagues in a Congo field hospital where he carried out the operation . David Nott texted his surgical colleague Meirion Thomas , who is one of only a handful of UK surgeons familiar with the difficult procedure of removing the collar bone and shoulder blade . David Nott realized that teenager J , whose arms had been ripped off and who was now gangrenous , had only a few days to live . "  I knew that the only way to save this boy 's life was to do a forequarter amputation , and I knew that Professor Meirion Thomas was really the expert , " Nott said . Nott , a vascular surgeon at the Royal Marsden Hospital in London , who volunteers one month a year with humanitarian organization Doctors Without Borders , had never performed such an operation . Watch an interview with Nott " Thomas replied almost immediately with 10 steps Nott should follow to carry out the procedure and then signed off with "  Easy ! Good luck . " David Nott followed his colleague 's instructions step by step : "  I felt I had like my guardian angel on my left shoulder showing me what to do . I just got on with it , and everything he told me , I just did " . Nott and his team embarked on the three-hour operation with just one pint of donated blood . Teenager J is said to have made a full recovery while Nott stayed to keep an eye on his wounds . Thomas said , "  All I did was tell David the 10 steps , and I knew that he would follow them . "	Text message taught British surgeon how to amputate the arm of teenager in Congo David Nott texted colleague Meirion Thomas , an expert in forequarter amputation Nott embarked on the three-hour operation with just one pint of donated blood
CNN  A brutal attack Wednesday on the offices of the French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo -- famous for its blistering cartoons -- left 12 people dead . In the aftermath of such cowardice , we in free Western societies have to ask ourselves : What kind of world are we going to live in ? And will we allow these intolerant radical Islamic bullies to decide for us what we can read and what we ca n't ? As an editorial cartoonist working in a small Southern town in America , it might have been easy for me to feel insulated from attacks thousands of miles away . But we live in a global society , and this attack hit me on a very personal level . I was fortunate enough this past fall to travel to Paris , and also to a little town called St.-Just-le-Martel in the countryside , where locals throw an annual bash celebrating France 's long love affair with the art of cartooning , illustration and caricature . It 's a wonderful event , and it 's clear that the French love their cartoonists and their art . They crowd in by the hundreds to meet the artists and to maybe get their caricatures drawn . It was there that I met one of the victims in Wednesday 's attack , cartoonist Georges Wolinski . From what I gathered , he was something of a rock star in France . Like all the artists there , he was funny , pleasant and gracious with his time , and his death , along with 11 others , is beyond appalling . The reality is that this is not just an attack on Charlie Hebdo , but an attack on all of us who hold dear freedom of expression , no matter where we live . Charlie Hebdo is irreverent , anti-religious and occasionally vulgar . The writers and cartoonists routinely anger many of its readers . Back in 2007 , for example , it reprinted the Prophet Mohammed cartoons that were first published in a Danish newspaper , illustrations that had outraged the Muslim community . And in 2011 , Charlie Hebdo "  invited " Mohammed to be guest editor and showcased a caricature of him on the cover . Since then , it has been reported that several of the editors and cartoonists have lived under the constant threat of death . Yet for every cartoonist I have ever met , the occupation is more than a job : It is a lifelong obsession . And while I have never considered this obsession that I share to be a life-threatening career , it is hard to escape the fact that this is now the world we live in , one where hooded gunmen kill journalists and cartoonists in cold blood because they are angered by printed words and drawings . So , how do we respond ? It would be much easier -- and safer -- to simply shut up , put the pen down and walk away . The editors and cartoonists at Charlie Hebdo certainly could have done that at the first sign of trouble . Stephane Charbonnier , the editorial director and one of the cartoonists , for example , was under special high-profile protection , according to The Daily Telegraph , which quoted the publication 's attorney as saying , "  The threats were constant . It was frightening . " Yet Charbonnier persisted , refusing to give in to fear . And in the end it cost him his life . Opinion : Cartoonists , killed for their art , and humanity How that can be so is bewildering . We should be focusing on issues like beating hunger and poverty . Yet despite the remarkable technological advances of Western civilization , we find ourselves engaged in a clash with extremists stuck in the seventh century , bent on oppressing women and imposing suffocating religious views on the rest of the globe . Our freedoms are at risk , plain and simple , and we must all decide how we will respond . For my part , I will go back to my drawing board and try to make sense of this ridiculous , senseless and vicious assault on my friends and colleagues an ocean away . Under constant threat of death , Charbonnier was quoted in the French newspaper Le Monde as saying , "  I would rather die standing than live on my knees . " That seems like a good place to start .	Rick McKee : As a cartoonist , the Paris attack hurt on a personal level Our freedoms are at risk , plain and simple , he says
CNN  -- Online acquaintances wished fair winds and following seas to Joshua Hakken as he fled to Cuba , a strange refuge for a professed fan of Ron Paul . Hakken , his wife and their two sons , 2-year-old Chase and 4-year-old Cole , were at a marina on the communist-ruled island when CNN found them aboard their small sailboat Tuesday . Florida authorities believe Hakken sailed there after abducting the two boys from the Tampa home of their grandmother , who was granted custody after Hakken 's 2012 arrest on drug charges in Louisiana . "  This all just seems like the government is yet again making real criminals out of non-violent peaceful freedom lovers , " wrote one commenter on "  Adam Vs. The Man , " a libertarian web forum . The family 's Cuban sojourn may be short-lived , as the government there announced Tuesday that it would hand them over to U.S. authorities . A man identifying himself as Hakken -- "  a father , a registered professional mechanical engineer and a veteran of the USAF " -- joined the Adam Vs. The Man discussion board in February 2012 under the handle "  Sailingbull . " "  I am absolutely devoted to life , liberty , the rights of the individual and the Constitution of the United States of America , " he wrote . "  Mr. Ron Paul is the ONLY politician I have ever admired or supported . It is unimaginable what the forces at be are doing and want to do to him . " Paul , the former Texas congressman , ran for president as a Republican in 2008 and 2012 and once as the Libertarian Party nominee , in 1988 . Hakken vounteered to help Paul supporters scout out campsites near last year 's Republican convention in Tampa , posting photos of site possibilities on the message board . CNN has not been able to independently confirm Hakken 's identity on site , and Adam Vs. The Man founder Adam Kokesh did not respond to requests for comment . But in a post last week , after news that Hakken was wanted in connection with the abduction , he noted , "  I feel like we 're in a position to help here . Maybe to reach out to him . Certainly seems like a stupid way to go about this , regardless of what your moral assessment is . " Both Hakken and his wife , Sharyn , held professional engineering certificates -- hers in civil engineering , his in the mechanical and fire-protection specialties , according to state records . After high school , he attended the Air Force Academy in Colorado from June 1996 to May 1998 , academy spokesman Meade Warthen told CNN . Online , Hakken said he left because of a previously undiagnosed spinal condition ; Warthen said the academy could n't comment on the reason for his withdrawal . The couple 's legal woes began last June with what police called a "  disturbance " at a hotel in Slidell , Louisiana , just east of New Orleans . "  When police arrived , both Mr. and Mrs. Hakken were acting in a bizarre manner that alarmed officers , " a Slidell police statement recounts . "  They were talking about ` completing their ultimate journey ' and were traveling across the country to ` take a journey to the Armageddon . ' Let it be noted that both of their children were present in the hotel room at the time . " Police said they found both drugs and weapons in the room and called in the state Office of Child Services , which "  determined that the children were in danger " and took them into their custody . Hakken was charged with marijuana possession , possession of drug paraphernalia and the use of a controlled substance around minors ; "  Officers also took custody of several weapons for safe keeping . " The Office of Child Services told CNN it would not comment on the case . The children were put into foster care with a family in Tangipahoa Parish , north of Lake Pontchartrain . Two weeks after the arrest , the foster mother called 911 and told dispatchers , "  I need a cop now . I have a guy at my house with a gun . " "  I have two foster children , and it 's their dad ... I do n't hear banging , but I 'm not getting out 'til a cop car gets here , " she said . Hakken left without the boys , who later were sent to live with Patricia Hauser , Sharyn Hakken 's mother , in Tampa . On April 2 , a Louisiana court terminated the couple 's parental rights , investigators say . The following day , Hillsborough County authorities say Hakken entered Hauser 's home , tied her up and took off in her Toyota Camry with the boys . Three and a half hours later , surveillance video captured their recently-purchased sailboat heading into the Gulf of Mexico . CNN 's Kim Segal and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Tampa engineer Joshua Hakken is now a fugitive The Ron Paul fan and his family await expulsion from communist Cuba Hakken and his wife are accused of abducting their sons after losing custody Some on a web forum he frequented cheered his escape
CNN  -- It all started with those Mickey Mouse ears . Annette Funicello was a teen icon of the 1950s and '60s , beginning her career as the most famous member of the original "  Mickey Mouse Club . " Aside from paving the way for future Mouseketeer stars like Britney Spears , Keri Russell , Justin Timberlake and Christina Aguilera , Funicello made the mouse ears something that every kid wanted to wear , and a symbol of Disney fandom for generations . Whether they 're fans of the movies , the theme parks or both , the lovers of all things Disney trace some of their fondest memories to the moments they were wearing those mouse ears , and in many cases , they 've passed this down to their children as a rite of passage . Check out the gallery above for Mickey Mouse ear memories through the years from CNN iReporters .	Actress Annette Funicello , who started her career as one of the most famous Mouseketeers , died on Monday Her trademark mouse ears are seen today as a symbol of fond memories around Disney movies and theme parks
Concerns about westerners joining the fight in Syria dominated the annual Aspen National Security Forum with top U.S. government officials equating the threat from the stalemated Syrian civil war to that posed by al Qaeda 's Yemen affiliate . Michael Vickers , the Pentagon 's undersecretary for intelligence , said there are now believed to be thousands of western passport holders , many with easy visa access to enter the United States , who are among foreign fighters in Syria . California man arrested , said he wanted to join ISIS John Carlin , the Justice Department 's national security chief , called the threat "  unprecedented " and said the department is putting resources to prosecute Americans who try to travel to the region to join terror groups involved in the war . Vickers called the number of Westerners flocking to Syria to join the jihad "  unprecedented " and the number of Syrian fighters with Western passports "  is in the four digits . " Director of the National Counterterrorism Center Matt Olsen said about 100 of them are American , "  we think . " Texas man pleads guilty to attempting to join ISIS ' jihad in Syria In addition to the western fighters , Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said the seizure of territory in Syria and Iraq by the group calling itself the Islamic State posed concern . The temptation for the group , also called ISIS , would be to try to strike the United States to establish its bonafides as other terror groups have , Johnson said . "  So we 're concerned about this type of organization which is very dangerous and probably wants to try and prove itself one way or another , could go further along in its efforts to attack our homeland , " Johnson said . Colorado woman accused of trying to help ISIS Despite the fact that al Qaeda has renounced ISIS , Johnson suspects there are links between the groups . "  I suspect it 's a more complicated picture than that , " Johnson said . TSA weighs in on bombs John Pistole , administrator of the Transportation Security Administration , said the United States believes al Qaeda bomb maker Ibrahim al-Asiri has trained others who could try to build a device that may be difficult to detect by current screening procedures . He said his agency works to quickly recalibrate its procedures based on new intelligence on changes in tactics by terrorists . He cited the example of a new iteration of the underwear bomb that prompted TSA to change screening equipment settings and retrain explosives detection dogs . That 's because the equipment and dogs could n't detect explosives used in the latter version of the bomb . One reason the initial underwear bomb used by Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab failed to detonate aboard a U.S.-bound airliner in 2009 , Pistole said , was because he wore the explosive underwear contraption for 17 days . Soiling the underwear apparently caused the explosive to fail . The ISIS threat Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey said the Islamic Statae of Iraq and Syria is a regional problem that is evolving as a threat to American interests and the U.S. military was working on a strategy to disrupt and ultimately defeat it . But while the effort to achieve that can be enabled and assisted by the United States , ultimately moderate Sunni Arabs are needed to reject it 's extremist ideology , he said . Dempsey dismissed the of working with Iran against ISIS , saying there is a "  lot of American blood on Iran 's hands . He also said Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should not be viewed as the "  lesser of two evils " and he still needed to leave office . Russia in Ukraine On Ukraine , Dempsey said Russia 's movement into sovereign country in Europe was an event not seen since Adolf Hitler 's invasion of Poland in 1939 . Dempsey said NATO was discussing ways to help boost the Ukrainian military 's capability as well as force and basing options to protect neighboring NATO member states . However , he that feared Russian President Vladimir Putin might have lit a fire he may lose control of in Ukraine , one that may not be contained to Eastern Europe . Fueling radicalism Former FBI director Robert Mueller said Friday , "  what 's happening in Gaza today will feed and fuel the desire for many more to join radical groups . " Mueller was participating in a panel at the Aspen Security Forum discussing the growing flow of foreign fighter , particularly those with western passports , to countries like Syria with the intention of joining the global jihad . Mueller added that those inspired to join radical groups will not necessarily go to the Gaza strip , but could feel prompted to look join the larger extremist movement elsewhere  for example , in Iraq and Syria  . Who is ISIS ? How ISIS is overshadowing al Qaeda	Annual Aspen Security Conference brings together top national security figures Discussion tends to trend toward current events TSA administrator says improvised explosives more of a concern than shoot-downs There might be a less-publicized reason that 2009 underwear bomb did n't detonate
CNN  -- Three U.S. Army soldiers have received reprimands for misconduct in a prostitution scandal involving the U.S. Secret Service and other federal agents in Cartagena , Colombia , in April , the military said on Friday . The soldiers are among 12 service members who brought prostitutes to hotel rooms just prior to a visit by President Barack Obama to the city for the Summit of the Americas . All three soldiers received letters of reprimand for their actions , U.S. Southern Command said . One was ordered to forfeit half his base salary for two months . The other two were given 45 days of extra duties and must forfeit their base salaries for two months . The soldiers were not identified . Previously , four other soldiers and two Marines received similar non-judicial punishments . A member of the Air Force got a letter of reprimand . Two members of the Navy refused non-judicial punishment and are awaiting court-martial , Southern Command said . Thirteen Secret Service agents were implicated in the scandal that rocked the agency responsible for guarding the president . Most resigned or retired and three were cleared of serious misconduct . Three Drug Enforcement Administration agents also admitted to paying for sexual services in Colombia , according to the Justice Department 's inspector general . Prostitution is legal in Colombia . But the news that some Secret Service agents were drinking heavily and taking prostitutes back to their hotel rooms raised security concerns and tarnished the reputation of the agency . An investigation concluded that the scandal did not harm presidential security .	Three soldiers are among 12 service members who brought prostitutes to hotel rooms The incident occurred in April ahead of Barack Obama 's trip to Colombia for summit All three received what military calls "  non-judicial punishment " 13 Secret Service agents and three DEA agents were also implicated in the scandal
CNN  -- The elusive graffiti artist Banksy made his mark on a painting bought for just $ 50 from a New York City thrift store , and bidding has exceeded $ 300,000 in a charity auction . Interactive map : Where to find Banksy in New York The painting , which the famously anonymous British graffiti artist entitled "  The Banality of the Banality of Evil , " is being auctioned off to benefit Housing Works , a nonprofit that supports homelessness and those living or affected with HIV/AIDS , according to spokeswoman Rebecca Edmondson . The painting was dropped off at the store in New York 's Gramercy area by an anonymous person on Tuesday . "  The painting came in as secretly as we could have anticipated based on Banksy 's reputation , " Edmondson said , "  Our retailer that was working was told it was special and given a little note . " Could the next Banksy come from Dubai ? According to Housing Works , the painting was purchased from the same shop a couple months ago for $ 50 . The charity has thrift shops across New York City that help fund the services they provide . "  A thrift store painting vandalized then re-donated to the thrift store , " Banksy described on his website . "  There was definitely a plan in place , " Edmondson said . The painting is now being auctioned on Bidding For Good , a platform for online and mobile auctions . The painting went up for online auction on October 29 with a starting minimum bid of $ 74,000 . Bidding will end at 8 p.m. on October 31 . Known for his signature street-art style of stencils spray-painted on streets , walls , and under bridges , Banksy brought a new element to his work with this oil on canvas . The painting depicts a countryside landscape featuring a large lake , trees with autumn colors , and snowy mountains in the background . The one outlier is an officer on a bench in the foreground with what appears to be a Nazi symbol stitched to his right sleeve . Opinion : Banksy 's insult shows he 's clueless about New York Banksy has stirred some controversy in New York City during his month-long street-art residency , "  Better Out Than In . " He angered New Yorkers most recently with his critique of the One World Trade Center design . Housing Works , however , is not judging the meaning behind his work . "  Banksy is giving back to the New York community that has watched his every move over the last month , " Edmondson said , "  Nothing but good could come of it . " Housing Works was contacted by Banksy 's team to confirm the donation and authenticate the painting signed by Banksy under the original artist , K. Sager . "  They were pretty straightforward , " Edmondson said , "  We were given permission to auction it off . " Edmonson estimates that the auction will pull in $ 1 million . Banksy debuted the latest addition to his New York City art collection on Wednesday with "  Bronx Zoo , " a graffiti painting of a growling wild cat resting on a railing , outside of Yankee Stadium , according to his website . Banksy 's art : Trashed or very quickly treasured CNN 's Rande Iaboni contributed to this report .	Banksy donating artwork to charity for homelessness and HIV/AIDS . Banksy painting displayed at a New York City thrift shop Tuesday morning Painting is being auctioned ; bidding was over $ 300,000 on Wednesday Expected final bid to be nearly $ 1 million
Some of the most political , partisan and competitive women in politics compete on the same team -- a softball team , anyway . The annual Congressional Women 's Softball Game pits members of Congress against a media team to raise money for young women in their fight against breast cancer . While the early morning practices and the rare injuries are all for a good cause that has already raised $ 150,000 this year , in this midterm election year "  bases loaded " has additional meaning . Not only is control of the Senate on the line but so are some members ' jobs -- scenarios where errors have consequences . Republican co-captain and six-year softball veteran is running in one highly competitive race . After numerous easily won congressional contests in West Virginia 's second district , Rep. Shelley Moore Capito is vying for the open senate seat in her state . And it 's her fellow co-captain 's job to defeat her . At annual women 's Congressional softball game , Gabby Giffords to throw out first pitch In her role as head of the Democratic National Committee , Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz is responsible for electing as many Democrats to office as possible . It 's an environment ripe for bitter rivalries to infiltrate any task at hand . But on the diamond , Capito and Wasserman Schultz insist politics is put aside as they focus on two common goals : beating the press and cancer . "  We avoid politics on the field , " Capito said . Wasserman Schultz , who battled breast cancer , agreed during the joint interview at an early rainy morning practice . "  I do n't ' think we have the desire to talk politics on the field . We 're just friends out here , " she said . Most of the time , anyway . Capito admitted that sometimes partisan discussions do ensue , but teammates from the opposite side of the aisle shut it down , fast . "  It 's not like we have n't edged into politics , but then we pull ourselves back , " Capito said . Wasserman Schultz , who is considered a partisan firebrand , an effective but sometimes contentious quality atop the national Democratic Party , insists that the field is "  a politics-free zone . " Congressional sisterhood a powerful voice for the voiceless While their sometimes thrice a week practices might not be overtly political , Capito admits that it does sometimes "  enter into our minds because we 're living it . " But for the sake of beating the media team , which they 've done one in five games , and for raising money for young cancer survivors , they maintain that the field is a "  refuge " for the 20 members who can put their smart phones down , pick up a bat and enjoy the early morning turf field . But politics runs through their blood and they proved that it is omnipresent . Capito hopes for "  a great crowd for a great cause . " That 's diplomatic trash talk , " Wasserman Schultz quipped with a laugh , adding , "  She 's running for the Senate . " "  Yeah , I 'm running for the Senate , " Capito acknowledged . Then the two hugged . The author is a member of the press team , also known as the Bad News Babes .	Electoral politics enter into bipartisan women 's softball game Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz is co-captain and head of the Democratic National Committee Republican Rep. Shelley Moore Capito , co-captain , is running for Senate
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptians will vote in two weeks to approve , or reject , a new constitution -- a potentially pivotal moment for the North African nation that underwent a revolution a year ago and , more recently , has seen its president become the target of fierce protests . President Mohamed Morsy on Saturday announced a December 15 referendum date on what could become the nation 's constitution , shortly it was presented to him by the Islamist-dominated assembly that crafted it . While his supporters cheered the move , there was little indication the vote or anything Morsy said would placate the opposition . "  Morsy  put to referendum a draft constitution that undermines basic freedoms & violates universal values , " said Mohamed ElBaradei , a Nobel laureate and head of Egypt 's Constitution Party , on his Twitter account . "  The struggle will continue . " The proposed constitution will be published Sunday in government newspapers , said Hossam al-Gheryani , head of the 85-person group that pushed through its 234 articles Friday after 21 hours of haggling . Egypt effectively has been without a guiding constitution , as well as a legislature , since the 2011 revolution marked by the ouster of its longtime leader Hosni Mubarak . Thousands of the president 's supporters packed streets around Cairo University on Saturday , taking part in marches and a massive rally organized by the Freedom and Justice Party , the Muslim Brotherhood 's political branch that Morsy once led . They carried banners featuring Morsy 's photo , waved the Egyptian flag and chanted their support . An even larger rally took place just south of Cairo in the city of Giza . It involved Brotherhood members , fellow Islamist groups and others including the Egyptian Revolution 's Alliance , the Revolutionary Front to Protect the Revolution and the Coalition of the January 25th Youth . Other pro-Morsy rallies were held in the northern port city of Alexandria and the central city of Asiut . These events aimed to bolster Morsy after more than a week of protests against him , during which stones flew , demonstrators and police clashed and clouds of tear gas wafted through , among other places , Tahrir Square in central Cairo . That landmark square , which is across the Nile River from one large pro-Morsy rally , remained buzzing Saturday night with people who have camped out there and marched elsewhere to vent their anger at the president . They have called Morsy a dictator , even worse than Mubarak , for his edict declaring that his past and future decisions are immune from judicial oversight -- new power that the president insists is only temporary . They responded to his speech , which was blared over loudspeakers , by chanting , "  Leave , leave " -- suggesting that , whatever comes of the constitutional referendum , their goal remains removing Morsy as president . Morsy 's controversial edict , issued November 22 , energized the opposition and led them to reoccupy Tahrir Square , as dissidents did in the winter of 2011 . Seeds of Egypt 's past sown long ago Many saw it as an overbearing , undemocratic grab for power that left the president in charge without any checks and balances . Morsy described it as a necessary move to fight judges loyal to Mubarak 's regime who were blocking progress in government . It engendered sharp opposition within Egypt 's judiciary , with many courts basically shut down as judges and prosecutors went on strike . Despite the order , the nation 's high administrative court has indicated it will review the proposed constitution -- though it 's not clear , if they rule it invalid , if that will prevent the referendum . As part of his edict , Morsy had also given the constitutional assembly up to six more months to craft the pivotal document . But amid the raging discontent , the president spurred the group to speed up its work -- an expedited process that prompted Christian , liberal and leftist members of the group to walk-out in protest , with many of them later replaced by Islamists . Essam El-Erian , a senior Morsy adviser , insisted all viewpoints -- including the need to safeguard freedoms when it comes to things like gender and religion -- were taken into account nonetheless . But critics are unconvinced . Opinion : Do n't blame Muslim Brotherhood for Morsy power grab A quick glimpse at the constitution 's articles show language dealing with individuals ' civil rights , particularly how security forces and the justice system treats them . There is wording prohibiting arbitrary arrest and detention and ensuring due process , a sensitive topic in Egypt . Mubarak and his loyalists are blamed for jailing and harshly mistreating innocent people in the years before and especially during last year 's uprising . One article stipulates no one in jail can be interrogated without a lawyer present , and if detainees do n't have one , the judicial system must appoint one . Phone conversations , electronic correspondence and other communication could not be taped without a warrant . Protesters to Morsy : Roll back your decree or leave While many of the articles sound democratic , the fine print indicates otherwise , some human rights advocates say . "  Moving a flawed and contradictory draft to a vote is not the right way to guarantee fundamental rights or to promote respect for the rule of law , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East and North Africa director at Human Rights Watch . Mohamed Naeem , a member of the Egyptian Social Democratic Party , said he fears the proposed constitution would open the way for a theocracy by moving the country closer to Sharia law . The preamble includes language pertaining to women , saying they are equal to men , but it also accentuates their role as mothers . And the United Nations ' high commissioner for human rights , Navi Pillay , has urged Morsy to reconsider the draft , saying a number of measures contained in it are incompatible with international human rights law . Beyond the details about the constitution itself , some see this month 's vote more generally as a referendum on the government . Morsy took office in June as Egypt 's first popularly elected president , following decades in which Mubarak held vast powers and limited dissent  including by banning the Muslim Brotherhood  . But Morsy 's recent moves have stirred suspicions that he and his Islamist allies are intent on amassing powers at the expense of others . Opinion : A new Egypt must learn political compromise CNN 's Reza Sayah , Amir Ahmed and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : President 's supporters cheer proposed constitution at rallies in Cairo , elsewhere NEW : But an opposition leader rips the document and says "  the struggle will continue " Egyptians can vote in a referendum on the proposed constitution on December 15 Protesters have criticized Morsy for what they call an undemocratic power grab
CNN  -- WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said he 'll leave the Ecuadorian Embassy in London "  soon " after living there for two years to avoid extradition to Sweden . "  I can confirm I am leaving the embassy soon , but not for the reason you might think , " Assange said at a news conference Monday . He did not provide additional details but said he is suffering from health problems and would leave "  when conditions are right . " However , WikiLeaks said , "  his departure is not imminent . " Ecuador 's foreign minister , who sat next to him , said his freedom is long overdue . "  The situation must come to an end ... two years is too long , " Ricardo Patino said . "  It is time to free Julian Assange . It is time for his human rights to be respected . " Swedish authorities want to question him over allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . He denies the allegations and describes them as politically motivated . "  I 've not been charged with an offense in the UK or Sweden , " he said Monday . Patino said Swedish prosecutors have disregarded offers to get evidence from Assange via video conference or send prosecutors to the embassy . As a result , he said , the case remains unresolved years later , an injustice to both Assange and the two women . "  The end result is these requests have not been heeded , " Patino said . Assange says he fears Sweden will transfer him to the United States , where he could face the death penalty if he is charged and convicted of publishing government secrets through WikiLeaks . Last month , his lawyers argued that the detention order against him should be revoked . But Stockholm District Court Judge Lena Egelin ruled that Assange is still suspected , with probable cause , of sex crimes and his detention order should remain in place . After the decision last month , prosecutor Marianne Ny said the warrant could remain in place until the statute of limitations takes effect -- five years for unlawful coercion and 10 years for rape . Assange rocketed to international fame when WikiLeaks began publishing secret government documents online . In addition to the Guantanamo procedures manual , it also published documents related to U.S. activities in Iraq and Afghanistan , and diplomatic cables from U.S. embassies . In August 2010 , Swedish prosecutors issued an arrest warrant for him over allegations of sexual assault from two female WikiLeaks volunteers . He turned himself in to London authorities the same year , and was remanded in custody . At the time , a judge ruled that he should be extradited to Sweden , and Assange launched a series of appeals that went all the way to the British Supreme Court . It denied his appeal . In June 2012 , Assange fled to the Ecuadorian Embassy to seek asylum , which was granted in August of the same year . He 's been living at the embassy in London since then . Caution thrown to wind as WikiLeaks breaks gag order CNN 's Sara Delgrossi , Atika Shubert and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	WikiLeaks says "  his departure is not imminent " Assange is accused of sexual assault in Sweden He says he fears Sweden will transfer him to the U.S. If transferred to the U.S. , he says he 'll be charged for publishing government secrets
CNN  -- Since April , 117 law enforcement agencies in 18 states have decided to ignore U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement requests to keep foreign-born people in jail on suspicion they might be undocumented immigrants . These "  detainers " ask local and county agencies to hold individuals up to 48 hours after local charges are resolved to allow ICE time to investigate their immigration status . California , Oregon and Washington state have seen the highest number of agencies changing their policies out of fear of being sued . The Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office in Florida and Polk County Sheriff 's Office in Iowa last week were the latest agencies to change their detainer policies . Police agencies began reacting after several federal judges ruled that police were violating the constitutional rights by not releasing the immigrants after resolving their state charges . The advocacy group Catholic Legal Immigration Network says that more than 190 agencies in three states and the District of Columbia enacted policies that reduce or eliminate cooperation with ICE detainers . But ICE spokesman Nestor Yglesias disputed that number , saying that "  U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement is aware of 134 different law enforcement agencies throughout the country that are no longer honoring ICE detainers . " That number includes agencies that opted out before April . Fred Wilson , director of operations for the National Sheriffs ' Association , which represents most of the 3,083 sheriff 's agencies in the country , said the national organization has not taken an official position on the matter . "  It 's not a viral movement , but it 's raising some legitimate legal issues , " Wilson . The Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office explained its new policy : "  Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office will require Orders of Deportation or Warrants signed by a federal judge/magistrate , or other court related order , to hold individuals beyond the time they would otherwise be released , " the agency said in a written statement . The issue boils down to due process , immigration advocates say . Every person in the United States -- citizen or illegal immigrant , has the same basic right of due process under the Constitution , says south Florida immigration attorney Jeffrey Devore . "  Detain first , ask questions later , " is the problem with ICE detainers , Devore said . "  Under our Constitution , you have to have some reasonable reason to detain people . " In an Oregon case , Maria Miranda-Olivares pleaded guilty to violating a domestic restraining order and was sentenced to time served . Clackamas County officials held Olivares 19 additional hours until transferring her into federal custody under an ICE detainer . She sued and on April 11 a federal judge found the county violated her Fourth Amendment rights for unreasonable search and seizure by holding her without probable cause and with no warrant for her arrest . The federal judge in Oregon cited other cases that ICE immigration detainers are "  requests " -- and , therefore , not mandatory . Yglesias , in a written statement said , "  When law enforcement agencies turn over criminals into ICE custody rather than into the community , it helps protect both public safety and the safety of law enforcement . " Law enforcement sends fingerprints of anyone arrested in the United States to the FBI and prints of those born outside the United States are forwarded to ICE for an immigration status check . The Secure Communities program , started under President George W. Bush in 2008 and expanded largely under the Obama administration , was designed to prevent undocumented immigrants from committing serious crimes . ICE updated its policy last year and eliminated detainer requests for undocumenteds arrested for misdemeanors and petty crimes , saying its priority is to remove undocumented immigrants who commit serious crimes . In 2013 , ICE removed 368,644 immigrants from the United States . Most were apprehended crossing the border illegally . Of those arrested within the country , ICE says 82 % had been previously convicted of a crime . Advocates for immigrants are concerned the increased deportations separate families , said Jennifer Riddle , an attorney with the Catholic Legal Immigration Network . Pro-immigrant groups have pushed hard for law enforcement agencies , and local and state government officials to change their detainer policies . The Immigration Legal Resource Center focuses its online efforts to teach advocates how to best "  explain the risk of civil liability if they continue to hold immigrants for ICE , " Riddle said . "  It 's not the local law enforcement 's job to do immigration enforcement , " Riddle said . "  They are to protect their local community , " said the advocate . The Broward County Sheriff 's Office in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , is taking steps to avoid legal pitfalls . In its decision to not enforce ICE detainers , its attorney cites two judges ' rulings against police agencies . "  In light of these cases , personnel should not honor ICE detainers unless they are supported by probable cause , " wrote the sheriff 's legal in June . In Austin , Texas , Travis County Sheriff Greg Hamilton disagreed with county commissioners decision to stop enforcing federal detainers . The sheriff said his organization will continue to honor the federal request since it keeps his community safe .	Police agencies declining to hold suspects for immigration authorities over lawsuit fears Immigration and Customs officials acknowledge that more than 100 agencies have opted out ICE wanted suspects held before local authorities released them to check their immigration status
CNN  -- This time of year , I am disturbed at the number of curveballs we see being thrown during the Little League World Series . I coached youth baseball for eight years , each spring and fall . Three years ago , I wrote that Little League Baseball should ban the use of the curveball by its young pitchers . The evidence seemed clear -- and sports injury doctors seemed to all agree -- that pitchers who were 13 and younger were not physically capable of handling the torque and strain on the elbow when throwing a curveball . The ulnar collateral ligaments connecting the lower and upper part of an arm simply could n't survive the strain , they said . Now , there is evidence the curveball may not be entirely to blame . But there is still debate over whether it should be allowed at such a young age . Little League and others did separate studies -- and got somewhat similar results showing that injuries can result not just from throwing curveballs , but from kids throwing too much , with too little rest between pitching appearances . Little League instituted strict pitch-count and innings-pitched rules five years ago . But those rules do n't apply to non-Little League-sanctioned games . "  The difference now is , kids are playing on a number of travel and showcase teams outside Little League , and they have no such rules , " says Lance Auken , vice president of communications for Little League Baseball . "  Travel ball has no rules on pitch count or number of innings pitched . So you now have kids throwing 300 to 400 pitches over a four-day period , " he says . Doctor : ` Do n't throw curveballs until you can shave ' Little League Baseball commissioned its study with USA Baseball and the University of North Carolina . More than 1,300 pitchers of all ages were examined . For the Little League age group , 409 pitchers were analyzed , looking for which factors influenced injury risk . "  What was causing arm problems was not the curve ball , but the overuse of the arm . It found no evidence to say breaking pitches caused no more injuries than any others , " says Auken . Meanwhile , a group of doctors including Dr. James Andrews , the country 's leading doctor in sports arm surgeries , conducted their own study . Andrews specializes in "  Tommy John " surgery , which reconstructs the ulnar collateral ligament and is named after a former Major League pitcher . Andrews and his team at the American Sports Medicine Institute did their study in a laboratory , not on a field . And they found throwing a curveball enacts no more force on the arm than a fastball . But , they say , throwing curveballs early can lead you down a dangerous path later in a baseball career . "  Dr. Andrews still insists , ` Do n't throw curveballs until you can shave , " Lanier Johnson , Executive Director of ASMI told CNN . And , he acknowledges , "  That was a controlled lab setting . The field of play during a game is n't like that . " "  We 've tracked Little League games right through the Little League World Series , and as the competition grows , the kids throw curveballs up to 70 % of the time , " Glenn Fleisig , ASMI 's director of research and co-author of the Andrews study , told ESPN The Magazine . "  It 's good that Little Leagues have enacted rules on pitch counts , but for say , a kid in the Dominican  Republic  , if you see an unusually developed curveball at an early age , who knows the mileage on that arm ? " Johnson says , "  The kid who throws all those curve balls in the Little League World Series is a hero . But does he ever get a change to earn a college scholarship or sign a major league contract ? Do you want to take a chance on your son or daughter to get a college scholarship ? Do you want to be a hero at 13 or 14 but never much else after that ? " Surgery on the rise for young players ? Even though Little League has instituted new pitch count rules , ASMI says Andrews has performed about seven times the number of arm operations on young pitchers that he did 15 years ago . So why not err on the side of caution and take Andrews ' advice ? "  Andrews  himself will say that is an opinion of his , and is not based on any empirical data , " Auken says . "  There was n't any evidence in this study . It 's a fine distinction between the two . " "  Little League has always been the leader in sports safety . We make changes in our sport based on data , not on feelings . We act out of scientific evidence , " he says . However , Andrews ' office does agree that kids who pitched while fatigued are 36 times more likely to have serious arm problems . Some 2.6 million kids play Little League baseball all over the world . Parents often are sizing up the competition for their 10 - to 13-year-olds for future high school teams and college scholarships , and believe their kids should play as much as possible to improve their chances . Little League officials admit too much baseball is not healthy . "  Kids play year-round now , " Auken says . "  Kids should n't be playing year-round in anything . If a parent is making a 10-year-old do that ... it will make them hate the game by the time they are 16 or 17 years old . " Andrews ' group is n't alone on its curveball stance . Dr. Lyle Micheli , director of the Division of Sports Medicine at Children 's Hospital Boston , told the Boston Globe in April that he still believes the curveball is best not thrown until a pitcher is at least 14 . He also said kids should n't attempt to throw a slider , a pitch that puts even more stress on the elbow , until 16 . Don Friend , an Atlanta-based pitching instructor and former scout for the Atlanta Braves and the Boston Red Sox , gave my son the same guidance in years of lessons . My son went on to pitch for NCAA Division III Piedmont College . Dr. Timothy Kremchek , an Ohio orthopedic surgeon who is the Cincinnati Reds ' physician , told the New York Times this spring he performs 150 elbow ligament reconstructions a year . "  Seventy percent of those surgeries are pitchers who have n't hit college yet , " Kremchek said . "  I ask each one the same question : When did you start throwing curveballs ? And they say : ' I was 10 . I was 11 . ' Sometimes , it 's 9 . " Five years ago , I attended a coaches ' clinic at Georgia Tech that included the coaches and trainers of Georgia Tech and the Atlanta Braves . At the time , Georgia Tech had a team that counted and documented every pitch of the televised Little League World Series . Team members noted an increase in the use of the curveball every season . Andrews appeared in a video message , and all at the clinic agreed no one under 14 should be throwing the curveball . If you are watching the Little League World Series as a baseball purist , that sweeping hook of the curve can be a thing of beauty . But take a good look at the kids throwing them now . Chances are , you may not see them throw it or any other pitches without major surgery needed before they reach high school . So I will ask Little League again : Why not ban the curveball ?	Evidence suggests that curveballs may not be entirely to blame for injuries Little League has taken steps to prevent overuse of pitchers ' arms Some doctors say curveballs should not be thrown by young pitchers Some 2.6 million kids worldwide play Little League baseball
An Egyptian administrative court issued an order Tuesday banning virginity tests for female detainees , months after several women alleged they were subjected to such examinations following a March protest in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . The ruling comes in the case of Samira Ibrahim , a 25-year-old marketing manager who took the country 's military led-government to court in August , alleging she was among those subjected to the test after her arrest during the March 9 protest . She said she faced death threats after bringing the case . "  Justice has been served today , " Ibrahim told CNN . "  These tests are a crime and also do not comply with the constitution , which states equality between men and woman . I will not give up my rights as a woman or a human being . " Aly Hassan , a judicial consultant affiliated with Ministry of Justice , said the order only affects the use of such tests in military prisons and on women in temporary detention . "  Those tests are not considered a crime or else the file would be in the Criminal Court , " Hassan said . "  It 's the circumstances of the alleged test that may be in question here . " In March , the human rights group Amnesty International reported that Egyptian troops beat , shocked and strip-searched women arrested during the protest in Cairo and forced them to submit to virginity tests . Egyptian authorities initially denied requiring virginity tests , but in May , a senior general who asked not to be identified acknowledged the practice . The general said the tests were performed as a safeguard against the women accusing authorities of sexual assault , and he defended the tests . "  The girls who were detained were not like your daughter or mine , " the general told CNN at the time . "  These were girls who had camped out in tents with male protesters in Tahrir Square , and we found in the tents Molotov cocktails and  drugs  . " But Ibrahim said her treatment clearly showed the tests were meant to "  degrade the protesters . " "  The military tortured me , labeled me a prostitute and humiliated me by forcing on me a virginity test conducted by a male doctor where my body was fully exposed while military soldiers watched , " she said . Another protester arrested in the March 9 protest , Salwa Hosseini , offered a similar account , according to an Amnesty International report on the allegations . In addition to Ibrahim , a member of the No to Military Trials to Civilians group , Maha Mamoun , joined the legal action even though she was not subjected to a test , said Ahmed Ragab , an attorney with the Hisham Mubarak Law Center who handled Ibrahim 's case . Ragab said government lawyers initially denied that the tests were administered and the case was repeatedly delayed before Tuesday 's ruling .	Ruling involves military prisons and temporary detention , governemnt consultant says Woman who says she was subjected to virginity test says justice has been served "  I will not give up my rights as a woman or a human being , " Samira Ibrahim says Women arrested during March protests say they were subjected to the examinations
Boulder , Colorado  CNN  -- The media have begun to make comparisons between Hurricane Katrina and the earthquake in Haiti . And in some ways , the two events are comparable . Like Katrina , the earthquake has produced effects of catastrophic proportions . Both events rank among the largest catastrophes ever experienced in the Western Hemisphere . They both have resulted in large loss of life and immense human suffering and make the coordination of emergency resources extremely difficult . Ordinary citizens are left to fend for themselves in the wreckage . And as we saw in Katrina and see now in Haiti , residents of disaster-stricken areas are the true first responders . The aftermath of such catastrophes brings more prolonged suffering and massive recovery challenges . People pay attention as the media cover them , but they turn their attention elsewhere when the cameras leave , even though many of the real challenges that victims and affected regions face emerge later . Like the Gulf region , Haiti will struggle for years and perhaps decades to rebuild and recover . But there , the comparisons end . To get an idea of the distinction between the two events , imagine that all of the U.S. west of the Mississippi were to be destroyed or extensively damaged by some immense catastrophe in one minute , with absolutely no warning . That is the situation Haiti faces . As horrific as it was , Katrina was a region-wide catastrophe , not a national one . Damage was enormous in the Gulf region , but the resources of the larger nation remained intact and available for mobilization , even though aid was slow in coming . Katrina did not flatten our nation 's capital or prevent national leaders from communicating with one another . Impacts were catastrophic in areas where Katrina struck , creating significant logistics problems , but the infrastructure of the rest of the nation was untouched . Also important , it was possible to issue warnings for Katrina , which enabled the vast majority of those who were at risk to evacuate to safety . The victims of the earthquake had no such warning . In contrast , the earthquake in Haiti destroyed much of its capital , Port-au-Prince , and affected approximately one-third of the population of the entire country . The proportion of the nation 's population that has been killed , injured or left homeless is enormous . The facilities that could have assisted victims , such as hospitals , clinics and the UN headquarters for the nation , were destroyed or are not operational . Aftershocks , which will continue for weeks , months and perhaps even years , will do additional damage and further compound both rescue and relief efforts . There is another distinction that makes these events non-comparable . Katrina affected the most vulnerable in the impact region : the poor , the elderly , the disabled , nursing home and hospital patients , and other at-risk groups . But the concept of vulnerability takes on a new meaning in the Haiti earthquake . The entire nation is desperately poor ; 80 percent of the population lives in poverty and more than half that number in abject poverty . On almost all indicators of well-being -- health , education , literacy , income -- Haiti ranks very low . The nation has a long history of rule by dictators , political coups and savage violence . The capacity of Haiti 's series of governments to provide services to its people has been abysmal for most of its history . In many ways , residents of Haiti faced a daily disaster even before the earthquake . These differences matter , and they should be kept in mind by those seeking to see parallels between the two catastrophes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathleen Tierney .	Haiti quake and Katrina resulted in suffering and death for many Though there are parallels , two disasters were very different , Kathleen Tierney says She says the Haiti quake came without warning , affected larger proportion of nation She says Haiti 's desperate poverty made it particularly ill-equipped for the quake
December 19 , 2013 In our penultimate program of 2013 , we report on the U.S. delegation to next year 's Winter Olympics in Russia , and we examine a former basketball star 's latest trip to North Korea . We also discuss some unusual behavior in the marine world , and we see how one company plans to train space tourists . Plus , we make a sweet Career Connection with a baker . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might media coverage of Dennis Rodman 's trip to North Korea be different in the U.S.  where media are free  than in North Korea  where media are controlled by the government  ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . delegation 2 . diplomacy 3 . space tourism Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . According to the report : What are some reasons why former pro basketball player Dennis Rodman is revisiting North Korea ? In what ways is the Asian country experiencing political upheaval ? 2 . According to the report , how are some animals in the Pacific Ocean acting differently than usual ? 3 . How is a company training people for possible space travel ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What criteria do you think generally determine who serves on a delegation from the United States to a global athletic event ? To what extent might politics factor in ? Explain . 2 . What unique challenges might be part of professional baking ? How might having a business selling food be different from a business selling products ? Explain . 3 . What are your thoughts on the space training facility seen in the program ? What aspects of space travel do you think it might simulate well ? In what ways might the training experience be different than actual space travel ? Would you want to travel in space ? Why or why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- UEFA have awarded a 3-0 victory to Italy after their Euro 2012 qualifying match with Serbia was abandoned due to violence . Serbia have also been ordered to play their next two home qualifying games behind closed doors after their fans disrupted the match between the two countries in Genoa on October 12 . After disturbances before the game , away supporters threw flares on the pitch , lit fireworks and tried to smash a Perspex fence before the referee called the game off after just seven minutes of action . Serbia had asked for the game to be replayed , but UEFA 's Control and Disciplinary Body said it had decided to award a 3-0 win to Italy after the abandonment . A statement on their official website read : "  The Football Association of Serbia  FSS  has been ordered to play its next two home matches behind closed doors . From this sanction , a one-match ban is deferred for a probationary period of two years . "  The Control and Disciplinary Body has ordered the FSS to refrain from ordering tickets for Serbian supporters for all the away matches of the Serbian team during the remainder of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying competition . The association was also fined a total of $ 120,000  166,972  . "  The Italian Football Federation  FIGC  received a sanction of one match to be played behind closed doors . This sanction is deferred for a probationary period of two years . The association was fined $ 100,000  $ 139,143  . " The victory means Italy go three points clear of Slovenia at the top of Euro 2012 qualifying Group C , while Serbia remain fifth with four points from four games .	UEFA award Italy a 3-0 win after their Euro 2012 qualifying match with Serbia was abandoned The game was called off after seven minutes due to violence from Serbia supporters Serbian fans threw flares and fireworks onto the pitch Serbia also ordered to play two games behind closed doors
CNN  The idea of sustainable development is that raw capitalism is far too powerful for its own good . Global capitalism is a juggernaut , with the world economy now doubling in size every generation . Yet on a finite Earth , with a billion new people being added every 15 years , that juggernaut is now laying siege to the physical bases of life and the social support systems that make life pleasant and decent . Sustainable development offers a path out of this growing crisis . The reality is that raw capitalism is the economics of greed . Unleash greed , the theory goes , and type-A personalities around the world will spend inordinate energy to organize businesses , invent new products , and thereby raise well-being . And in some sense , there 's a lot to say for this theory . After all , the world economy has expanded at least 100-fold since modern industrial capitalism first found its footing in Britain around 1800 , and for most of the world , living standards have risen markedly along the way . Yet history has also taught us that the "  Invisible Hand " of the free market is a little less miraculous than it looks . Instead , untrammeled greed also leads to massive fraud , mega-tax evasion , pervasive bribery , modern slavery , rising inequalities , and environmental destruction . Perhaps most important , it feeds moral blindness . Too many of the super-rich , whether they are calling for drilling in the Arctic for oil or encouraging the cutting down of the rainforests for tropical hardwoods , simply deny the irreparable damage they are causing to the planet . It ¹ s no surprise that the Wall Street Journal runs anti-environmental editorials on what feels like a daily basis . The environment is a nuisance and a hindrance to greed . And greed rules the moral order at the top of raw capitalism . Novelists , ethicists , activists , unionists , preachers , teachers , and others have long known these facts , but the juggernaut has proved hard to tame . Unleash greed as the supreme economic good , and it is greed that we get as the ultimate moral arbiter . Sustainable development is a doctrine that says : Let us once again place the economy on a true moral foundation and we 'll keep greed within bounds , ensuring the economic growth is combined with social fairness and environmental sustainability . The idea of sustainable development is that an economy must satisfy all three principles : economic growth , social fairness and environmental sustainability . Yes , there can and should be economic growth , especially for today 's developing countries . Human ingenuity and markets can indeed lead us to higher living standards and longer lives for all parts of the world , rich and poor alike . But these gains should be widely shared and should never be based on the exploitation of those at the bottom of society . Social inclusion has been widely shown to improve societal progress broadly for all . And equally important , those gains should be based on true value added , not on the destruction of natural capital , whether through deforestation , climate change , or pollution of air , land , and water . Thus , sustainable development calls for a holistic approach that combines economic , social , and environmental objectives . This balanced approach is much harder to achieve than the raw capitalism that places the economy above society and the physical Earth . Yet it recognizes that we are doomed to conflict and even collapse if we fail to promote social equality and environmental sustainability . Just look at the recent news . Last year was the Earth 's hottest year on record , and another year of mega-storms , droughts , floods , and heat waves . Major parts of the world , from Pakistan and Iran to California and Brazil , are experiencing mega-droughts , and the prospect of catastrophic water scarcity in the future unless something changes . And even as the world economy grows and millions escape extreme poverty , our societies become more unequal , less trusting , and corrupt . All over the world , there is unrest on the streets even as our generation is the beneficiary of unprecedented technological knowhow and material progress . In my new book , The Age of Sustainable Development , I ¹ ve not only analyzed the trends of growing inequality and rising environmental destruction , but have also shown how the concepts of sustainable development can be used to chart a way out of our growing crisis . It turns out that with goodwill , cooperation , greed kept in check , and technological savvy , we can build a modern global economy that is productive , inclusive , and environmentally sustainable all at the same time . The ongoing revolution of information and communications technology  ICT  is an incredibly powerful enabler of new sustainable technologies . And doubters about the feasibility of sustainable development should have a look at Scandinavia ¬ Denmark , Norway , and Sweden , as they are the closest on the planet to achieving this Trifecta of prosperity , fairness , and sustainability . Consider the challenge of climate change , for example . Big Oil and Wall Street executives too often simply deny the science . Yet a science-based sustainable development perspective shows that not only is human-induced climate change very real and very dangerous , but that it is also solvable at very low cost by switching over the next 30 years to electric vehicles , heat pumps , well-insulated buildings , smart ICT-enabled grid , wind and solar energy , and other low-carbon and energy efficient technologies . If the world takes the time to do its homework and plan for the future , the world can bring the climate crisis under control and still enjoy a growing supply of quality energy services . And , more generally , although the U.S. political system still feeds untrammeled greed by enabling super-rich campaign donors and lobbyists to buy the political class , the American people and much of the rest of the world are coming to recognize the urgency of sustainable development . That is why governments around the world will adopt Sustainable Development Goals  SDGs  this year , on the 70th anniversary of the United Nations . These new SDGs will become markers and guideposts for building a world that combines prosperity , fairness , and environmental sanity -- a world we truly want and need for ourselves and our children .	Jeffrey Sachs : Raw capitalism is the economics of greed Last year was the Earth 's hottest year on record , he says
Rustenburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Dozens of South African miners defied orders to work Friday after a deadline arrived for management to respond to their list of grievances . About 100 workers at Anglo American Platinum in Rustenburg refused to work and demanded that the company address the list submitted a week ago . The miners resumed work after management held talks with six people selected to represent the workers , the company said in a statement . The two sides plan to continue working on a resolution . What 's behind the Marikana massacre ? "  We are pleased that the meeting ended on a positive note and would like to applaud our employees for acting in a manner that assured their safety and that of their colleagues , " the company said in a statement . It did not say whether the talks yielded any results . The incident marks the latest labor discontent in the nation 's mining heartland in the northwest . South Africans held memorial services nationwide Thursday for victims of clashes at the Lonmin Marikana mine . The strikes started as protests demanding higher wages , but escalated into one of the worst incidents of violence in post-apartheid South Africa . The clashes left 44 people dead , including 34 killed when police opened fire on charging protesters on August 16 . An additional 10 people , including police officers , died in days leading up to that . A rivalry between two unions that wield a lot of power and influence in the nation added to the tension . The unions , accused of trying to outdo each other in negotiating wages , denied instigating the clashes . In addition to the two companies , there are signs of labor discontent at nearby Bafokeng Rasimone Platinum Mine . About 1,000 workers protested this week to voice their discontent over wages . They resumed work after a day . Fears of instability spread to other South African mines	NEW : Workers at another South African mine return to work NEW : They resume after the company starts talks to address their list of grievances The incident marks the latest labor discontent in the nation 's mining heartland South Africans held memorial services Thursday for 44 killed in clashes at the Lonmin mine
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Joan Baez is in a celebratory mood . And rightly so : She 's survived 50 years in show business . Joan Baez says that her new Steve Earle-produced album was meant to sound like a throwback to the folk era . The legendary singer , who rose to fame during the folk movement of the 1950s and 1960s , is marking the occasion with a new album called "  Day After Tomorrow . " Produced by Steve Earle  whom Baez likes to call "  Mister Gruff "  , it 's a collection of bluegrass-tinged songs reminiscent of her early repertoire . "  We were looking for songs that feel like now but sound like back then , " she said . Earle penned one of the album 's standout tracks , "  God Is God , " which he describes as "  recovery speak . " Baez also covers "  Scarlet Tide , " a song written by Elvis Costello and T Bone Burnett for the 2003 film "  Cold Mountain . " At 67 , Baez finds her voice may not have the sheer power it did in her 20s , but her political spirit is intact . She passionately expressed her support for Barack Obama during the presidential campaign , the first time the self-described pacifist has taken sides in party politics . "  I have n't heard an orator like that since King , " she said . Baez knew the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and famously sang the protest song "  We Shall Overcome " to a massive crowd at the Lincoln Memorial during King 's 1963 March on Washington . Baez spoke to CNN about sustaining her voice and finding happiness in her 60s . The following is an edited version of that interview , which was conducted before Tuesday 's election . CNN : What did Steve Earle bring to the table with your new album ? Joan Baez : Oh , everything but the voice . Spirit , some songs . His gruffness to my non-gruffness . He worked fast , really fast , and I like that . And he brought the musicians . I do n't know who to choose for musicians . We were a good match . CNN : Is there a song on the album that speaks to you more than others ? Baez : I guess the ones I go back listening to are "  God Is God " and "  Rose of Sharon . " "  Rose of Sharon " sounds exactly like an old folk song . I would n't have guessed in a million years that it 's contemporary . CNN : How does it feel to be embarking on a new tour at such a politically charged time ? Baez : I 've never seen this country this politically charged . I realized something this morning . I was watching Obama on TV and I thought , "  I really love this guy . " I love what he 's capable of , I love that he 's genuine . He 's a statesman , and he 's brilliant . People say do you think he can change America ? He already has . ... And I know most of the things he 'll have to do I would battle him to the death . He 's going to be commander in chief of the Army , Navy and Air Force , and I 'm a pacifist -LSB- laughs -RSB- . CNN : So you would almost prefer that he did n't run for president , that his talents could be applied in other ways ? Baez : Yeah . I 've thought that , yeah . Part of me wishes very strongly that Obama would be outside the system and his hands would be less tied . CNN : In the '50s and '60s , you lived and breathed the causes you rallied behind . When you look at young musicians today , do you feel they 're attaching themselves to charities or causes because it 's hip , rather than meaningful ? Baez : I think it 's probably a combination of things . I think people are afraid of risk so they 'll -LSB- only -RSB- go so far . But I do n't think people have felt the urgency that we felt in the '60s . But it 's there . The urgency is there . There 's a need for community , but we do n't feel it . CNN : Why is that ? Baez : That we do n't feel it ? Because we live more and more separately . Kids are walking down the street plugged in -LSB- to personal electronics -RSB- . The only place there 's community really is in the ghetto , where they need each other and they know it . We need each other , and we do n't know it . CNN : You look back at all the causes you 've rallied behind , and there have been so many . ... Baez : It makes me dizzy . CNN : -LSB- Do -RSB- you feel emotionally wrung out ? Baez : No . It 's the opposite . What happens is it starts generating energy for myself . There 's some part of me that 's wiped out . I feel that sometimes . CNN : Do you find you have to work harder to keep your voice in shape ? Baez : Oh God , yeah . It was very humiliating to find out that I was like everybody else in the world and that I had to get coaching . And now it 's a real issue . I have to do -LSB- vocal exercises -RSB- every day , especially on tour . It 's pretty exhausting . CNN : Would you say that life in your 60s is easier than life in your 20s and 30s ? Baez : Oh God , yes . ... I was a highly neurotic kid , not particularly happy , which probably accounts for all those beautiful songs , those beautiful sad ballads . I found my home there . And as the years went by and as the therapy went on I was holding together . And then at around 50 , I decided to fall apart and find the pieces and put them back where they should 've been . And I did . And I did what I thought was impossible , which was really drag the stuff up , look at it , go through all that and then each time I did that ... it became a daily thing with the therapist ... to find out something huge . Go through the terror , go through all of it and then by the end of the week something had changed a little bit . This went on for a number of years . So I am now in a stage nothing like where I was before then . There 's no stage fright now . Just the joy of singing . CNN : You 're happy being single , are n't you ? Baez : Yeah . After all I 've been through , I do n't want to risk -LSB- pats her heart -RSB- . I mean I feel so extraordinary , so much better . And you know if something walked into my life that feels right ... the question is , am I ready to see it or not ? I 'm sure it 's wandered by me a few times . But at some point maybe I 'll be ready to see that in which case it would be a good thing . ... -LSB- In -RSB- Buddhism there 's no real happiness without the struggle . But the struggle has to defeat you in a way -LSB- before -RSB- you get to be like the Dalai Lama . You know those monks all giggle ? All the time ! They 've got it figured out . Because things are what they are on Earth , and you be as good as you can , and you die , it 's the next life . So what 's the big f ****** deal ?	Joan Baez has new album , "  Day After Tomorrow , " produced by Steve Earle Baez says causes generate energy , do n't leave her wrung out Singer says she was unhappy in 20s and 30s , only recently has no stage fright
London , England  CNN  -- London police said Friday they are investigating a car accident in which Prince Andrew reportedly struck a police officer while driving into Buckingham Palace . A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police did not name anyone involved in the incident , but Buckingham Palace confirmed Prince Andrew was the driver of the car . It happened as the policeman tried to move two Japanese tourists out of the way of Andrew 's 4x4 car at the palace , the BBC reported . The officer hurt his arm in the incident and complained to his superiors , the BBC said . "  It was a minor incident and the police are looking into it , " said a palace spokesman , who by custom is not named . Police refused to confirm any details of the incident , including when it allegedly happened . The BBC quoted a police spokesman as saying the officer 's injuries were "  minor . " The prince , who is a week shy of his 50th birthday , lives at Royal Lodge in Windsor , just west of London . Prince Andrew is Queen Elizabeth 's second son after Prince Charles and is also called the Duke of York . He served as a helicopter pilot in the Royal Navy for 22 years and is currently Britain 's special representative for international trade and investment . British papers reported last year that the prince bought a 200,000-pound  $ 312,400  Bentley Arnage , which joined his existing limited-edition Aston Martin Virage V8 Volante .	Policeman had tried to move two tourists out of the way of Andrew 's car Police spokesman as saying the officer 's injuries were "  minor " Andrew is Queen 's second son after Prince Charles and is also called the Duke of York
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Here 's something liberals and conservatives have in common : It may soon be the case that neither camp will have Rahm Emanuel to kick around anymore . Now it 's time to give Chicago , Illinois , voters a chance to do some kicking of their own . We can start with those Chicagoans who support immigration reform and believe that both Congress and the Obama administration should be ashamed for putting off a tough debate for the sake of politics . These folks might soon have a chance to channel that anger at a Washington insider who those closest to the immigration debate have always seen as one of the main obstacles to reform -- Emanuel . That is , if there is any truth to what various news outlets are reporting this week -- that the White House chief of staff will soon resign and head home to Chicago to run for mayor . If he does , the immigration issue will be waiting to greet him . That will be especially true if Democratic Rep. Luis Gutierrez , perhaps the most outspoken supporter of comprehensive immigration reform in Congress , also jumps into the mayor 's race . This is a real possibility , and , if it happens , we can expect fireworks : Gutierrez has never been shy about blasting Emanuel over immigration reform . It 's great poetry . When it comes to what is perhaps the most divisive issue that Americans have confronted since slavery , Emanuel should have learned by now that you can run but you ca n't hide . He has been on the run from immigration reform since the debate resurfaced in 2005 with the introduction of the McCain-Kennedy comprehensive reform bill . Emanuel spent that year whipping up support among Democrats for the Border Protection , Antiterrorism , and Illegal Immigration Control Act , a terribly unimaginative enforcement-only bill proposed by then-House Judiciary Chairman James Sensenbrenner , R-Wisconsin . Among other things , the bill made unauthorized presence in the United States a felony and threatened to punish , as accomplices , churches and other charities that offer assistance to illegal immigrants . The measure passed the House , but the Senate never acted on it . In 2006 , when Democrats took control of both houses of Congress , Emanuel became House Speaker Nancy Pelosi 's top lieutenant . There again , he worked hard to keep the immigration issue off the Democratic agenda because he feared it could put him and his colleagues in a tough spot . According to The Washington Post , Emanuel decided that the issue was a loser for Democrats and so he tried to bury it . Emanuel failed the leadership test , even if he was correct in his political analysis . The issue divided two loyal Democratic constituencies : Latinos , who wanted reform , and organized labor , which did n't want reform if it meant supporting demands from the business community for guest workers . Unions claimed guest workers undermined U.S. workers . It left liberal Democrats vulnerable , because immigration is one of those issues where some of their liberal constituents sound more like conservatives . It also threatened "  blue dog " Democrats representing conservative districts , several of whom Emanuel had personally recruited to run for Congress in the first place . It was no surprise when the Chicago Democrat declared immigration the new "  third rail " in politics  you touch it , you die  and pushed the issue so far to the back burner that it nearly fell off the stove . Capitol Hill newspapers reported shouting matches between Emanuel and members of the Democratic-controlled Congressional Hispanic Caucus , who failed to get leaders of their party to tackle the issue . Emanuel continued ducking the immigration issue when he became President Obama 's chief of staff in early 2009 , and it might be that he has helped Obama do the same thing . Despite repeated promises that he intends to achieve comprehensive immigration reform  these promises are usually delivered before Latino audiences on Mexican holidays  , Obama has been derelict . While the president was willing to go the mat for health care reform , he obviously does n't care as much about immigration . And it shows . In fact , as tempting as it is to blame Emanuel for taking immigration reform off the president 's agenda , it might not be totally fair . Some in the immigration reform community naively assume that the only reason they have n't gotten as much as they expected from this administration is because Emanuel has been secretly plotting against their interests . It 's better to believe that than to take a peek behind door No. 2 and accept the hard truth that Obama is the one who betrayed them . Either way , Rahm Emanuel has a lot of explaining to do to Latinos when he gets back to Chicago about his commitment to the immigration issue -- or lack thereof . They deserve answers , and they should demand them . And if the response does n't satisfy their concerns , they should take their votes elsewhere . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette notes Rahm Emanuel may run for Chicago mayor Immigration reformers there may be unimpressed with his past obstruction on issue , he says If Rep. Gutierrez , immigration reform supporter , also decides to run , expect fireworks Navarrette : Emanuel did n't lead on immigration ; his boss , the president , also derelict on issue
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The U.S. military closed its detention facility in southern Iraq on Thursday after a plane carried the last remaining prisoners to another facility in Baghdad . Iraqi detainees walk around Camp Bucca detention centre on May 20 , 2008 The United States has been releasing detainees or transferring custody to the Iraqi government , a goal spelled out in the bilateral security agreement negotiated last year between the two nations . Since February , the Americans have released about 750 detainees from its detention facilities and transferred 200 more to Iraqi authorities each month , the military said . Camp Bucca , in the southern port city of Basra , was one of three prisons operated by U.S.-led forces in Iraq . The other two are Camp Cropper , adjacent to the Baghdad airport , and Camp Taji , just north of the capital . Both camps are scheduled to be handed over to the Iraqis next year . The last 180 detainees from Bucca were airlifted by military transport early Thursday morning to one of those two other facilities . A total of 8,305 detainees still remain in U.S. custody , about half the number at the start of the year . "  I 'm pleased to say the Camp Bucca detention facility is now closed , " said Brig. Gen. David Quantock , the commander of the task force handling the detainee releases and transfers .	U.S. miliary closes Camp Bucca , a detention center in southern Iraq Last remaining prisoners were transferred to another center in Baghdad Closure is in accordance with bilateral security agreement negotiated last year Two remaining camps set to be handed over to the Iraqis next year
CNN  -- A week can be a long time when you 're one of the planet 's best young skiers . On Wednesday , Mikaela Shiffrin turned 18 . On Saturday she added the World Cup slalom crown to last month 's world championships title , and on Tuesday she 'll be back from Europe to appear on U.S. national television . "  Hopefully I do n't trip when I 'm going on stage . If you knew me for longer than a day you would know that I spill things and I break things and I trip a lot . You would not think I 'd be good at slalom . " But she 's so good that she denied the world 's best female skier this season yet another accolade at the finale in Lenzerheide , Switzerland . Tina Maze had been poised to add the slalom title to her overall , giant slalom and super-G Crystal Globes , having been denied the downhill when fog canceled racing on Shiffrin 's birthday . The Slovenian was the fastest on the opening run , and led the standings by seven points , but Shiffrin made up a 1.17-second deficit to claim her fourth World Cup race this season and become the fourth youngest woman to win the title . She is only the third non-European to win the slalom globe , following compatriot Tamara McKinney in 1984 and Canadian Betsy Clifford in 1971 . No other non-European woman has won four World Cup races in a season . "  I was freaking out , this time there was really too much emotion , " said Shiffrin , who last month in Austria was the youngest winner of the slalom title at a world championships since 1974 . "  I think half of this globe belongs to someone else today . I actually would like to thank Tina Maze . She 's been inspiring , she 's helped me get to where I am . " She 's also had strong support from her parents and coaching staff . "  After the first run I went directly to our athlete tent and just tried to sit quietly and figure out what I needed to do to make it better , " Shiffrin said . "  It 's hard to do that between runs in a race , but my mom helped , my coaches helped , my dad helped , everybody . They all just said the same thing , ` You have to let it go . You can not hold back . There is nothing to lose . ' So I tried to do that . " Maze had to settle for third place behind Austria 's Bernadette Schild for her 23rd podium finish this season . "  In the first run I risked a lot and somehow in the second I did n't manage to risk as much , " the 29-year-old said . "  Mikaela has been dominating slalom the whole season and I do n't think I lost the globe here today , but somewhere else . " Maze has already wrapped up the giant slalom globe ahead of Sunday 's final race -- and American Ted Ligety confirmed his dominance of the men 's discipline when he crowned his season with a sixth victory out of eight starts on Saturday . "  It 's so ridiculous , it has been such an amazing year , " said Ligety , who won three golds at the world championships and sealed the giant slalom globe last weekend with victory in Slovenia . "  I never would have expected it and in a way it 's kind of a bummer as I will never be able to do that again . A really cool season and to finish it up with a victory . I could n't be more pleased . " Overall World Cup champion Marcel Hirscher was second to be giant slalom runnerup , and has already clinched the slalom title ahead of Sunday 's final race . "  I can not sleep . My head is so full , I keep thinking and thinking and trying to digest it all , " the Austrian said . "  So much has happened this season and I have not had any time to get into terms with it . "	Teenage U.S. skier Mikaela Shiffrin wins World Cup slalom title Three days after her 18th birthday , Shiffrin overhauls Tina Maze She sets the fastest time of the second run to take title from overall champion Compatriot Ted Ligety caps golden season with sixth victory in giant slalom
Men affiliated with terrorist organizations have crossed the United States ' southern border and the Department of Homeland Security is splitting hairs by arguing otherwise , a House Republican is saying . Rep. Duncan Hunter , a California Republican who made headlines this week by claiming that Border Patrol officers had told him at least 10 ISIS terror suspects had been captured crossing the border , backtracked Friday on his comments about their affiliation . But he said he stands by his claim that terrorists have entered the country . "  I should have been more careful talking about ISIS , as opposed to terrorist Turks or terrorist Syrians , " Hunter told CNN after an event in his district . Hunter said he still wo n't reveal the source of his claim that at least 10 terror suspects have been caught , but that it came from "  folks that are on the ground " and not Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson or any other appointees of President Barack Obama . "  The question is , is the administration parsing language when they say no actual ISIS fighters -- meaning guys in black pajamas with black flags and AK-47s -- have gotten across the border ? " Hunter said . "  What you have are people from terrorist countries , state sponsors of terrorism , that have in fact gotten across the border , " he said . His comments came after U.S. officials acknowledged that four Turkish nationals who had crossed into Texas were captured on September 10 -- and that at least one had said he is affiliated with the Kurdish Workers Party , also known as the PKK . The State Department has listed that group as a terrorist organization at the government of Turkey 's behest , though officials have been quick to point out that its members are now fighting against ISIS , rather than with the group . "  I do n't buy the idea that just because they 're the good terrorists , this is a good thing for the United States of America , " Rep. Jason Chaffetz  R-Utah  said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " with Wolf Blitzer on Friday night . He said he did n't know whether Hunter 's claims about at least 10 ISIS-affiliated terror suspects crossing into the United States are accurate , but that "  to suggest that a terrorist , a person with ISIS , would never do so would be naive . "	Duncan Hunter backtracks on claim that ISIS-affiliated suspects have crossed into the U.S. Hunter said "  terrorist Turks or terrorist Syrians " have , though , crossed the border
Allegations of lewd acts committed by a teacher on students in a Los Angeles-area elementary school sent shockwaves across the community last year . But the outrage did n't end there . Amid a year-long police investigation involving dozens of photos showing the alleged acts , the school district -- faced with strict state rules -- could not fire the teacher . Instead , it paid him $ 40,000 to quit his job . Police arrested Mark Berndt , 61 , in January and charged him with 23 felony counts stemming from allegations that he bound young students and then photographed them with semen-filled spoons held at their mouths and 3-inch cockroaches crawling across their faces . Investigators believe the children did n't realize that they were being victimized , thinking they were playing a game . Berndt pleaded not guilty to the charges and is being held on $ 23 million bail while he awaits trial , expected next year . The Los Angeles Unified School District found itself caught between protecting children and protecting the legal rights of a teacher who had been accused of -- but not formally charged with -- serious crimes against children . Under California 's due process for teachers , the school district could have kept Berndt on paid administrative leave , but it would have had to engage in lengthy legal wrangling to remove him from his position . That process could have taken months , even years , and there are no exceptions for teachers accused of sex crimes against children . Outraged by the Berndt case , California state Sen. Alex Padilla drafted a bill this year that would have allowed a faster way for schools to fire teachers accused of the most heinous crimes against children . "  We were very specific to those serious and egregious crimes , " Padilla said of the bill . "  Sex , drugs , violence involving students . These are no-brainers . " While senators overwhelmingly voted in support of Senate Bill 1530 , it was met with strong opposition from the powerful California Teachers Association . The teachers ' union says that Padilla 's bill would have eliminated essential legal protections for teachers and that it believes the current system is an appropriate process . In the halls of the state Capitol , Assemblymember Wilmer Amina Carter veered sharply away from CNN 's camera without stopping to answer questions about her refusal to cast a vote on Padilla 's bill . Her aide swung a palm over the camera , saying , "  no comment . " Carter is one of 11 members of the California State Assembly Education Committee , which considered SB1530 after it passed the state Senate . The bill needed a simple majority from the committee before it could go on to the full Assembly . But the bill failed by one vote . Four members -- including Carter -- were present but abstained from the vote . "  I think it 's spineless , and I think it 's gutless , " said former state Sen. Gloria Romero , who used to head the Education Committee . "  They go there to vote , not to remain silent when their name 's called . That , to me , is what 's disgusting , " said Romero , who now works to reform California 's educational system with Democrats for Education Reform . By refusing to vote , Romero said , the lawmakers can avoid looking bad to their constituents while keeping the campaign contributions from California 's powerful education unions flowing . She said she believes the four lawmakers abstained "  out of fear and intimidation that those campaign dollars will no longer flow their way . " Those members of the Assembly 's Education Committee who voted "  no " or did n't cast a vote received more campaign contributions from teachers ' unions than their fellow committee members except the chairman , according to data from Maplight , which bills itself as a nonprofit , nonpartisan research group dedicated to looking at money 's influence on politics . From January 2009 to May 2012 , "  teachers ' unions gave 5.4 times as much  campaign contributions  to the committee members who voted ` no ' versus the ones who voted ` yes , ' " said Daniel Newman , Maplight 's co-founder and president . "  The people who voted ` yes ' got much less money than the people who voted ` no ' and voted ` no vote . ' You can see how the money correlates with the vote . It shows interest groups that invest in politics buy results . " The California Teachers Association maintains that its campaign contributions to lawmakers were not the driving factor in convincing them to vote down or not vote on the measure . It described the bill as "  unnecessary legislation that would have eroded  teachers '  rights during dismissal proceedings . " But Newman says it 's all part of a corrupt system across the country in which lawmakers spend much of their time in office raising money for campaigns . That makes them have to bend to campaign contributions in the "  corrupt system of money-dominated politics , " he said . "  This pattern of contribution is very similar on bill after bill , on topic after topic , whether it affects unions , banks , corporations , " he said . "  On average , the lawmakers vote with the side that tends to give them the most money . " All but one of the four assembly members refused repeated requests for comment about why they abstained from voting on the measure . Assemblymember Das Williams explained that he felt that "  the bill was too much of an overreach " and he was concerned about its effect on teachers ' rights . Williams said he is now working with Padilla to possibly revive the measure or create a similar measure that addresses his concerns . But it could be too little too late for the Los Angeles school district , which is facing a lawsuit filed by the mothers of the 23 children at the center of the charges against Berndt . The lawsuit , filed in July , seeks unspecified damages and school district reforms . It accuses the district of maintaining " a practice and custom of maintaining a ` Culture of Silence ' to hide teacher misconduct , and to ignore teacher misconduct . "	A California teacher was charged with lewd acts on children The case shed light on the dilemma school boards face The board could not fire the teacher , only place him on paid leave A state bill seeking to change that was thwarted
CNN  -- Debra Guenterberg does n't have to go to a horror movie to get spooked . She says she 's been living a nightmare for the past 13 years . The Wisconsin woman says she 's been stalked by two phantoms . Two men stole her name and her husband 's Social Security number . They used the information to obtain credit cards , buy cars and three homes . Like many horror movie villains , the bad guys keep coming back . Thirteen years after the men stole their names , the Guenterbergs are still being turned down for credit because of the damage done by the men , she says . "  It 's a nightmare , " Guenterberg says . "  We both feel physically and mentally exhausted . We feel hopeless because we ca n't fix this . " Most people know about the financial hit identity theft victims take . But less attention is paid to the emotional costs they also pay . Victims often experience paranoia , depression , rage -- some even endure family breakups , security experts say . There are many ways someone 's identity can be stolen . Much of it now occurs online . A person 's identity can be stolen from a social media site , through online banking or after they have clicked on a deceptive e-mail . But no matter how it happens , the victim is going to pay -- financially and emotionally , cybersecurity officials say . The Guenterbergs say they 've battled the IRS , elected officials and local sheriffs to reclaim their name . They 've also undergone counseling . "  We 're angry , " Debra Guenterberg says . "  We ca n't sleep at night . ... We want to move on . " The hidden toll of ID theft Moving on , though , often requires justice . And that can be elusive for victims of identity theft , security experts say . The identities of an estimated 9.1 million Americans have been stolen by thieves lifting personal information off the Internet or through other means , according to a 2008 survey conducted by Javelin Strategy & Research , a financial services research firm . But it often takes the average identity theft victim months , if not years , to resolve their case , security experts say . Some say that no matter what they do , they still encounter problems getting credit . Robert Guenterberg tried to open a checking account earlier this year , but says the bank turned him down because it confused him with the men who had stolen his Social Security number . "  It never ends , " Robert Guenterberg says . The Guenterbergs say their ordeal began 13 years ago when Robert Guenterberg tried to buy a Ford truck but was rejected because of poor credit . He got the same answer when he tried to get a home loan and a credit card . When the collection agencies started calling , the Guenterbergs say they finally discovered the source of their problem . They say two men had stolen the couple 's name and Robert ' Guenterberg 's Social Security number . The Guenterberg 's situation was especially thorny because it involved the loss of his Social Security number . The Privacy Rights Clearinghouse , a nonprofit group that educates consumers about privacy protection , tells people that even if an imposter is using their Social Security number , the Social Security Administration will only issue a new number in extreme cases . Michael Kaiser , executive director of the National Cyber Security Alliance , says getting a new Social Security number is tough and can complicate an identity theft victim 's life even more . "  They can -LSB- get a new Social Security number -RSB- but the hassle may not be worth it , " Kaiser says . What the scammers say after they 've been caught Even if victims of identity theft are able to clean up their financial records , some must learn how to overcome their bitterness . Linda Foley had to learn that lesson . Foley had just started working as a restaurant reviewer for a San Diego magazine when her employer asked her to fill out tax forms to get paid . Foley says her employer then used her Social Security number to obtain three credit cards and a cell phone . She says she uncovered the deception when one of her credit card companies called during a routine credit check to verify her change of address . That 's when Foley learned that her boss was living it up on credit cards with her name . "  She was getting gourmet meals home delivered , " Foley says . "  She was getting vitamins ; she was going on shopping sprees at department stores . " Foley says she 's not the same person she was before her identity was stolen . "  It changes your life , " she says . "  I do n't trust the way I used to . I do n't share things with people as much as I used to . " Foley says she never talked to the woman who stole her identity , but she always wanted to . The woman was eventually caught and apologized to a judge in court for stealing Foley 's identity . Foley was so angry that she wanted to personally confront the woman . But Foley says her lawyer restrained her . "  I came to understand that what she did was because of what she is , " Foley says . "  How could she explain that to anybody ? They -LSB- scammers -RSB- live a different life ; they live in a different world . " Foley says she and her husband , Jay , formed Identity Theft Resource Center , which educates individuals and businesses about identity theft . In her new role , Foley says she talked to identity theft scammers . None of them saw themselves as criminals , she says . "  The reason they gave is , ` No one is going to get hurt , ' " Foley says . "  They do n't see this as a crime of victimization . " Some identity thieves are so cold-blooded that they even prey on their closest relatives , Foley says . "  I 've worked with people whose parents have stolen their information for 25 years , " Foley says . "  They 've had their parents jailed . " Tips for preventing identity theft are now well known . Only give out a Social Security number if you must ; install a firewall on your home computer ; do n't use biographical information in your passwords . Linda Foley 's husband , Jay , co-founder of Identity Theft Resource Center , says one of the best precautions a person can take is something simple : Pay attention to what they click on the Internet . "  You get yourself into a big rush and something pops up in front of you , you deal with it and move and then you say , ` What did I just do ? ' " says Jay Foley . Perhaps one of the best precautions is to remember the struggles of people like the Guenterbergs . Losing money to a thief is not the same as losing one 's identity , Debra Guenterberg says . "  If somebody steals your wallet and you notice what they 've done on your credit report , you still have protection from that , though it 's still a nightmare , " Debra Guenterberg says . "  But when someone overtakes your life and becomes you -- that 's insane . "	The toll of identity theft includes financial and emotional costs An estimated 9.1 million Americans have had identities stolen , according to a 2008 survey Security experts : Recovery takes months , if not years The Internet has made identity theft easier and more widespread
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Former President George W. Bush loomed large throughout the 2010 campaign even though he has been out of office for nearly two years . The upcoming publication of Bush 's memoirs , "  Decision Points , " offers us an opportunity to consider the relationship between the former commander-in-chief and the Tea Party activists who played such a major role in energizing the GOP this summer and fall . While the Tea Party attacks on President Obama and his policies were front and center , their anger was also directed toward the nature of Republican politics in the age of Bush . The Tea Party movement has opened up a civil war within the Republican Party . Recently these tensions exploded when Bush 's top political adviser , Karl Rove , said the Tea Party was not very "  sophisticated . " Former Arkansas governor and presidential candidate Mike Huckabee called Rove an "  elitist " and said that "  unfortunately , there is an elitism within the Republican establishment . And it 's one of the reasons the Republicans have not been able to solidify not only the Tea Party movement but solidify conservatives across America . " The Tea Party movement was born out of a rebellion against one of President Bush 's signature policies : TARP , the bailout for Wall Street investment banks . Tea Party activists have been extremely critical of the willingness of Republicans to turn to the federal government to solve some domestic problems . Bush 's support for the financial bailout was part of a longer tradition of Big Government Conservatism that has been around since the 1960s . In addition to national security spending , Republicans in power have always lived with an expansive view of government . Ronald Reagan came to accept the permanence of programs like Social Security and Medicare when he discovered they were more popular than the right wing of his party expected . George H.W. Bush pushed through Congress one of the biggest civil rights initiatives since 1965 , the Americans with Disabilities Act . Under George W. Bush , Republicans undertook a series of major government initiatives , including No Child Left Behind and the Medicare prescription drug program . For Bush the question was not government versus no government , but rather , what priorities were most important . When the financial markets collapsed in fall 2008 , it was not surprising that he opted to use the federal government to help . Tea Party activists have called for a return to a kind of pristine , libertarian conservatism that they feel once existed . They have attacked all forms of federal intervention and called for their party to embrace a purer form of opposition to big government . A second concern for Tea Party activists has been the political process in Washington . They have frequently employed the rhetoric of good government reformers in explaining what 's wrong with the system . The Tea Party has complained that lobbyists on K Street wield too much influence on Capitol Hill . They warn that interest groups will be the biggest beneficiaries of new policies . And they have expressed their frustration about how congressional practices such as earmarks have been used to unfairly allocate public funds . These attacks touch directly on how Republican politics worked throughout Bush 's presidency . By 2001 , Republicans had learned to work within the political system to advance their objectives and to secure their power . Indeed , between 2005 and 2006 , Republicans came under fire for having practiced politics as usual . Investigations revealed that there were tight connections between Republicans and lobbyists such as Jack Abramoff that had been nurtured by the K Street Project . The K Street project was an operation set up after the 1994 elections whereby Republican House and Senate leaders met regularly with lobbyists to talk about legislative strategy and to find possible employment for GOP staffers . Congressional Republicans also relied on earmarks as much as their Democratic colleagues . After all , most voters like their legislators to bring home a little pork . Finally , many Tea Party activists have pushed back against the multicultural vision that President Bush promoted for his party . Since his time in Texas , Bush had worked hard to bring new voters into the Republican coalition , particularly Hispanic-Americans . He stood firm for liberalized immigration policies in 2005 , even as hard-line conservatives stifled his proposal to overhaul the system . After 9/11 , Bush had been careful to make very clear that he was conducting a war against terrorist networks rather than a war against Islam  to be sure , many of his policies , like the use of torture and the war in Iraq , undercut those efforts  . The backlash against Bush 's vision of conservatism has been strong . Tea Party activists have focused on issues like immigration restriction and opposition to gay rights . Some leaders were at the forefront of turning the debate over a mosque in New York into a debate over the role of Islam in American life . Bush has also felt that the proper role for him was to stay out of the political arena , which has created a bigger opportunity for these voices . Now that the election campaign is just about over , the party 's leaders will have to reconcile the tensions between where the party had been under George W. Bush and where Tea Party leaders would like to see it heading . The impact of the movement on the GOP will create intense pressure on elected officials to listen to what the activists have been demanding if they want their support in 2012 . The question will be whether Tea Party activists will decide that the GOP is just no longer a home for them and if other Republicans , like former President Bush , will be left wondering what has become of their party . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian E. Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : George W. Bush memoirs will be published soon He says it 's a reminder that Tea Party arose out of dissatisfaction with Bush policies Bush pushed for Wall Street bailout , immigration reform , expansion of government Republican leaders will have to reconcile tensions between Tea Party and rest of GOP
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- In an elaborately choreographed ceremony broadcast live on television , the leaders of Iraqi Kurdistan began pumping oil from Kurdish-controlled oil fields in northern Iraq through a pipeline to neighboring Turkey . A worker at the oil refinery near the village of Taq Taq in the province of Irbil . It is the first time Iraq 's semi-autonomous Kurdish region has officially exported oil out of the country . For years , the central Iraqi government in Baghdad has been at odds with the Kurds , arguing they do not have the right to exploit oil in territory under Kurdish control . Kurdish officials have ignored Baghdad 's warnings , and signed dozens of agreements with small foreign oil companies . The two sides finally reached an agreement on the issue last month . "  I believe that the cooperation between northern Iraq and Baghdad administrations is useful and beneficial for all . Therefore this strategic cooperation will continue , " said Massoud Barzani , the president of the Kurdistan Regional Government . He was speaking in Kurdish before a hall filled with dignitaries , at a glitzy ceremony complete with swirling spotlights and a bleached-blond Turkish female master of ceremonies . Audience members watched a live video feed showing workers opening up the pipeline . The oil is being exported from the Taq Taq field in the province of Irbil . Kurdish officials and representatives from Genel Enerji , a Turkish company working in Taq Taq , said initially only 40,000 barrels of oil would be exported a day . That is a fraction of the 1.8 million barrels a day currently being exported by Iraq . But at the ceremony , the oil minister in Iraqi Kurdistan , Ashti Hawrami , announced Kurdish exports could increase to as many as 450,000 barrels a day . "  As much as Baghdad might like to object , economy  sic  reality necessitates that it go along with the Kurds -- for now , " wrote Joost Hiltermann , an Iraq expert with the International Crisis Group , in a recent article on Foreign Policy.com . Hiltermann argued that the sharp drop in the price of oil last year forced the Iraqi central government to compromise with the Kurds , as Baghdad scrambled to find alternative sources of much-needed revenue . Under the arrangement , the Iraqi government will get the bulk of the earnings from Kurdish oil exports , while the Kurdistan Regional Government will be allotted 17 percent of the revenues . The cooperation of neighboring Turkey has been critical for the export deal to go through . In the past , the Turkish government has vehemently opposed any move by the Iraqi Kurds to develop oil resources , because of Turkish fears that the oil revenues would allow the Kurds to establish an independent state . In recent months , relations have improved dramatically between the Turks and the Iraqi Kurds . The Kurdish oil exports will likely be pumped through to the Turkish port of Ceyhan , on the Mediterranean Sea . Kurdish officials and their foreign partners are now looking at the possibility of exporting natural gas from Iraqi Kurdistan , through Turkey , to gas-hungry markets in Europe . Officials in Iraq 's Oil Ministry , however , say such a deal would require permission from the Iraqi central government .	First time Iraq 's semi-autonomous Kurdish region has officially exported oil Turkish company says only 40,000 barrels of oil would be exported a day Could increase to as many as 450,000 barrels a day Iraqi government will get the bulk of the earnings from Kurdish exports
CNN  -- Andriy Shevchenko has told CNN Sport 's Pedro Pinto that the Euro 2012 finals in his native Ukraine will be his final major football tournament , and he is determined to end his international career on a high . The 35-year-old Dynamo Kiev striker , who is widely regarded as the greatest Ukrainian player of all time after a celebrated 18-year career with Kiev , AC Milan and Chelsea , is looking forward to next year 's showpiece -- and believes co-hosts Ukraine will stage a tournament to remember . "  This will be my final international tournament and I believe everything has been done perfectly to prepare for it , " Shevchenko told CNN . "  There is a great responsibility on the team to perform well , because our supporters and the whole of the country are expecting us to do just that . Poland and Ukraine primed for Euro 2012 kick off "  It will be hard for us and it will be an achievement just to get out of the group stages and through to the quarterfinals , but I am personally dreaming of reaching the final ! " he added . Shevchenko has scored 46 goals in 105 appearances for his country -- and he is not nervous about leading his side out in the finals , despite the weight of a nation 's expectations on his shoulders . "  I have already experienced captaining us at the World Cup finals in Germany in 2006 and it will be equally as important to be captain in 2012 . "  We are playing at home , with full stadiums and passionate fans . It will be very special moment for me . " Captaining his country in a major international tournament on home soil will be a fitting end to a wonderful career for Shevchenko , who is among the greatest forwards the world has ever seen . Shevchenko is best remembered for his time at AC Milan , where he scored 175 goals in seven seasons -- the second most prolific striker in the famous Italian club 's history -- as well as helping the club lift the Champions League title in 2003 . It is something Shevchenko is naturally very proud of . "  When I was a child , it was my dream to be a professional footballer . When I was 14 I visited Milan 's San Siro stadium and remember thinking how unbelievable it was , " said Shevchenko . "  From then onwards I vowed that one day I would be playing there -- and I am very proud that I achieved this and also for everything else I have managed to achieve in football . "	Andriy Shevchenko is the widely recognized as the greatest player in Ukrainian football history The 35-year-old has played for Dynamo Kiev , AC Milan and Chelsea during his 17-year career He has also made over 100 appearances for his country , scoring 46 goals in the process
Washington  CNN  President Barack Obama strongly condemned what he called a "  cowardly , evil " terror attack in Paris on Wednesday that claimed 12 lives and praised France for standing "  shoulder to shoulder " in the fight against terrorism . Obama said Wednesday that he had "  reached out " to French President Francois Hollande and pledged to offer "  every bit of assistance " to help France , a country he praised as "  America 's oldest ally . " Three gunmen burst into the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo 's headquarters on Wednesday morning and also fired at police officers in the streets outside while shouting "  Allahu Akbar " -- God is Great in Arabic . "  They have been with us at every moment when we 've -- from 9/11 on -- in dealing with the sort of terrorist organizations around the world that threaten us , " Obama said . "  For us to see the kind of cowardly , evil attacks that took place today , reinforces once again why it 's so important for us to stand in solidarity with them just as they stand in solidarity with us . " Sitting in the Oval Office alongside Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry , Obama also stressed that the U.S. would work to ensure the safety of Americans living around the world because "  these kinds of attacks can happen anywhere in the world , " he said . Obama focused also focused on the target of the attack , emphasizing that the assailants were striking at the "  universal belief in freedom of expression . " "  The fact that this was an attack on journalists , an attack on our free press also underscores the degree to which these terrorists fear freedom -- of speech and freedom of the press , " Obama said . Speaking to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer Wednesday night , Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson said he was "  confident that these ... killers will be brought to justice . " He declined , however , to confirm comments from House Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul that the U.S. government was aware of the names of the three attackers , or reports that they may have been apprehended , stating only that "  events are unfolding rapidly . " But he did indicate the U.S. is doing "  a number of things to support the French government in this manhunt and this investigation , " and suggested under typical protocol , the U.S. Would use all its available national security resources to try to track down the origin and motivation of the attackers . Johnson said while "  this was very definitely a very sophisticated , precise and lethal operation , " it was still unclear what motivated the attackers . "  We do n't know yet exactly what motivated these people , whether they received direct orders from a terrorist org or whether they were inspired by something they saw and read , " he said . Secretary of State John Kerry earlier in the day addressed the French people directly -- in both English and French -- expressing American solidarity in the face of the attacks . "  We stand with you in solidarity and in commitment both to the cause of confronting extremism and in the cause which the extremists fear so much and which has always united our two countries : freedom , " Kerry said in a press conference . "  No country knows better than France , that freedom has a price because France gave birth to democracy itself . " Kerry made similar remarks in French , proclaiming that terrorists who claim the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo is dead , are wrong . "  Le pouvoir de la libertÃ © d'expression vainquera dans la lutte contre l'obscurantisme , " he said , meaning "  The power of freedom of expression will be victorious in the fight against darkness . " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest also pointed to France as a "  stalwart ally " in the fight against ISIS . France is a member of the U.S.-led coalition that has carried out attacks against ISIS , and Earnest said that the U.S. is "  keenly aware " of the "  risk associated with that . " He added that U.S. is still "  trying to determine what happened , " but did point out that the U.S. and its allies are aware of the threat that foreign fighters joining ISIS in the Middle East could pose if they return to their home countries and carry out attacks using "  that training , use that equipment . " Earnest added that top national security officials have been in touch with their counterparts in France and that the U.S. will provide resources to investigate the attack . "  We are confident that the people of France are not going to be cowed by this threat , " Earnest said . Earnest also highlighted the need for "  leaders in the Muslim community " to stand up and proclaim the peaceful nature of their religion . National Security officials monitoring , investigating The Department of Homeland Security is "  closely monitoring " the situation in Paris , a senior official from the department said in a statement . "  DHS will not hesitate to adjust our security posture , as appropriate , to protect the American people , " the official said . "  We also encourage the public that "  If You See Something , Say Something " and to report any suspicious activity in their communities to the appropriate law enforcement authorities . " Johnson , speaking earlier in the day , would not say whether he is considering raising the terror threat level in the U.S. , but highlighted the increasingly complex terror threat the world faces -- with more terror groups , but also "  lone wolf " actors . " -LSB- These are -RSB- actors who may lurk within our society , that could strike with little notice , commit an act of violence because they have been inspired by things they have seen on the internet , social media , in literature , without accepting a direct order ... from a terrorist organization , " Johnson said . He added that investigators are still trying to determine the exact "  nature " of the attack . The U.S. Embassy in Paris said on Twitter it has "  no plans to close or limit access " to the embassy or other diplomatic facilities in France . The embassy also changed its Twitter profile picture to the "  Je suis Charlie "  I am Charlie  image circulating in France in the wake of the attack . U.S. national security and intelligence agencies are rushing to see if they "  missed any signs " or warnings of a terrorist attack against France , a senior U.S. official told CNN . For now , officials have found "  nothing that matches . " The official said the U.S. does not believe the attack suggests further attacks against Americans the U.S. "  Our major concern is to quickly identify the individuals involved , " in the attack the official said . U.S. officials also pointed out that the attackers were wearing masks , contradicting reports that ISIS leadership told adherents to show their faces when carrying out attacks . A U.S. official told CNN that French authorities are rapidly trying to find the alleged gunmen . "  If they ca n't find these guys right away , then they will quickly be sharing any profile information or details with us , " the official said . White House questioned Charlie Hebdo in 2012 The attack Wednesday was not the first time the satirical publication Charlie Hebdo apparently drew the ire of Islamists . Its headquarters were firebombed in 2011 the day after it published a satirical cartoon of the Prophet Muhammed . And when the magazine published more satirical cartoons mocking the Prophet in 2012 , the White House questioned the magazine 's "  judgment " in September 2012 . "  Obviously , we have questions about the judgment of publishing something like this . We know that these images will be deeply offensive to many and have the potential to be inflammatory , " then-White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said . "  But we 've spoken repeatedly about the importance of upholding the freedom of expression that is enshrined in our Constitution . " Carney went on to say that the White House did n't question the magazine 's right to publish the cartoons , but just "  the judgment behind the decision to publish it . " "  Now it has to be said , and I 'll say it again , that no matter how offensive something like this is , it is not in any way justification for violence , " Carney said at the same briefing . Paris attack quickly becomes Washington funding fight Lawmakers react Members of Congress also woke up to reports of the terror attack and some took to Twitter to condemn the attack . One of the only two Muslim members of Congress Rep. Keith Ellison  D-Minnesota  condemned the attack and called for unity in the face of violence . "  I condemn the attack in Paris today . My thoughts are with the families of those killed . I urge swift justice for the people responsible , " Rep. Keith Ellison tweeted . "  The goal of terror is to stoke hatred and division . We must stand united against people who choose violence . " The New York Police Department boosted security measures in New York City , Republican Congressman from New York Peter King told CNN . Sen. Joe Manchin  D-West Virginia  called the attack a "  horrific situation " and said the U.S. needs to be "  very vigilant " on MSNBC . "  There wont be another day in our life that we wont have to be vigilant about terrorist attacks in any place , " he said . Sen. Bill Nelson  D-Florida  called the attackers "  murderous extremists " on Twitter and Republican Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois also took to Twitter . "  Americans stand united with those around the world who value freedom of speech in mourning the victims of terrorism in Paris today , " Kirk said . Sen. Chris Murphy  D-Connecticut  tweeted that he was "  appalled by the attack . " "  My heart goes out to the victims & their families , " he wrote . And in an interview with CNN 's Dana Bash , Sen. Lindsey Graham  R-South Carolina  condemned the attacks and pointed to the shared values between the U.S. and France . "  Even though it 's in France , it 's an attack on us , " Graham said . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Alexandra Jaffe contributed to this report .	President Barack Obama addressed the attack , from the Oval Office on Wednesday afternoon Secretary of State John Kerry spoke to the French people in their language Obama pointed to France as a close ally in the war on terror . France is part of the coalition fighting ISIS U.S. national security officials are working closely with French officials and are looking for any "  missed " warning signs
CNN  At first glance Esther Okade seems like a normal 10-year-old . She loves dressing up as Elsa from "  Frozen , " playing with Barbie dolls and going to the park or shopping . But what makes the British-Nigerian youngster stand out is the fact that she 's also a university undergraduate . Esther , from Walsall , an industrial town in the UK 's West Midlands region , is one of the country 's youngest college freshmen . The talented 10-year-old enrolled at the Open University , a UK-based distance learning college , in January and is already top of the class , having recently scored 100 % in a recent exam . "  It 's so interesting . It has the type of maths I love . It 's real maths -- theories , complex numbers , all that type of stuff , " she giggles . "  It was super easy . My mum taught me in a nice way . " She adds : "  I want to  finish the course  in two years . Then I 'm going to do my PhD in financial maths when I 'm 13 . I want to have my own bank by the time I 'm 15 because I like numbers and I like people and banking is a great way to help people . " And in case people think her parents have pushed her into starting university early , Esther emphatically disagrees . "  I actually wanted to start when I was seven . But my mum was like , "  you 're too young , calm down . " After three years of begging , mother Efe finally agreed to explore the idea . A marvelous mathematical mind Esther has always jumped ahead of her peers . She sat her first Math GSCE exam , a British high school qualification , at Ounsdale High School in Wolverhampton at just six , where she received a C-grade . A year later , she outdid herself and got the A-grade she wanted . Then last year she scored a B-grade when she sat the Math A-level exam . Esther 's mother noticed her daughter 's flair for figures shortly after she began homeschooling her at the age of three . Initially , Esther 's parents had enrolled her in a private school but after a few short weeks , the pair began noticing changes in the usually-vibrant youngster . Efe says : "  One day we were coming back home and she burst out in tears and she said ' I do n't ever want to go back to that school -- they do n't even let me talk ! ' "  In the UK , you do n't have to start school until you are five . Education is not compulsory until that age so I thought OK , we 'll be doing little things at home until then . Maybe by the time she 's five she will change her mind . " Efe started by teaching basic number skills but Esther was miles ahead . By four , her natural aptitude for maths had seen the eager student move on to algebra and quadratic equations . And Esther is n't the only maths prodigy in the family . Her younger brother Isaiah , 6 , will soon be sitting his first A-level exam in June . A philanthropic family Not content with breaking barriers to attend college at just 10 years old , Esther is also writing a series of math workbooks for children called "  Yummy Yummy Algebra . " "  It starts at a beginner level -- that 's volume one . But then there will be volume two , and volume three , and then volume four . But I 've only written the first one . "  As long as you can add or subtract , you 'll be able to do it . I want to show other children they are special , " she says . Meanwhile , Esther 's parents are also trying to trail blaze their own educational journey back in Nigeria . The couple have set up a foundation and are in the process of building a nursery and primary school in Nigeria 's Delta region  where the family are from  . Named "  Shakespeare 's Academy , " they hope to open the school 's doors in September . The proposed curriculum will have all the usual subjects such as English , languages , math and science , as well as more unconventional additions including morality and ethics , public speaking , entrepreneurship and etiquette . The couple say they want to emulate the teaching methods that worked for their children rather than focus on one way of learning . "  Some children learn very well with kinesthetics where they learn with their hands -- when they draw they remember things . Some children have extremely creative imaginations . Instead of trying to make children learn one way , you teach them based on their learning style , " explains Efe . The educational facility will have a capacity of 2,000 to 2,500 students with up to 30 % of students being local children offered scholarships to attend . Efe says : "  On one hand , billions of dollars worth of crude oil is pumped out from that region on a monthly basis and yet the poverty rate of the indigenous community is astronomical . " While Paul adds : "  The region has  poor quality of nursery and primary education . So by the time the children get secondary education they have n't got a clue . They have n't developed their core skills . "  The school is designed to give children an aim so they can study for something , not just for the sake of acquiring certifications . There is an end goal . " Read this : 92-year-old student inspires a generation Read this : Nigerian soul superstar Nneka is back ! More from African Voices	Esther Okade is a 10-year-old British-Nigerian student She recently enrolled at the Open University in the UK Already top of her class scoring 100 % in a recent exam Took A-level exams , a British secondary school qualification , last year
CNN  -- FIFA has cast doubts on the hopes of several countries bidding to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cup tournaments in a technical evaluation report released by soccer 's governing body on Wednesday . Russia , seeking to host football 's premier event for the first time in 2018 , was criticized for its limited transport options -- which may cause problems due to "  the country 's vastness and remoteness ' " the report said . Its information and communications technology needs to be upgraded , while 13 of its proposed 16 stadiums will be started from scratch and its accommodation plan suggests "  a dependence on construction and modernization in the hotel sector . " Russia received a "  low risk " legal rating , as did its main European rivals England and Spain-Portugal , but the Belgium-Netherlands joint bid was marked "  medium risk " . England , the 1966 host , received a mainly favorable evaluation but it failed to meet FIFA 's requirements for venue-specific training sites and accommodation . The Spain-Portugal bid also fell short in required contracted venue-specific training sites , but it has an advantage over England in that there are no government restrictions on media rights . The Belgium-Netherlands bid fell short in team facility and accommodation requirements , and did not supply the necessary government guarantees to satisfy FIFA 's protection program needs . Of the 2022 candidates , Qatar 's bid was highlighted as having the most shortfalls -- mainly due to the small size of the country , its excessively hot climate during the tournament months of June-July , and the need to start most construction from scratch . "  The fact that 10 out of the 12 stadiums are located within a 25-30 kilometer radius could represent an operational and logistical challenge , " the report said . "  Any delay in the completion of the transport projects could impact FIFA 's tournament operations . Moreover , it appears to be difficult to test a transport concept prior to the event under conditions comparable to the World Cup . "  The fact that the competition is planned in June-July , the two hottest months of the year in this region , has to be considered as a potential health risk for players , officials , the FIFA family and spectators , and requires precautions to be taken . " The Qatar bid was praised for a novel aspect to its stadium plans , which would see modular sections used to build 22 grounds around the world in developing countries . Its time-zone difference of three hours from Europe means it rated higher in terms of television revenue -- an area where rivals Australia , South Korea and Japan fell down . Australia 's geographical size was also highlighted as a potential problem , while it failed to meet FIFA 's accommodation requirements , but it was rated a low legal risk . The United States ' size was not deemed to be problematic given the competitiveness of its air industry , but the report noted temporary transport would have to be provided to and from most of the proposed stadiums . The U.S. government did not provide the necessary guarantee , but FIFA said the country 's past experience in hosting major sports events -- including the 1994 World Cup -- had proved its willingness to make material concessions " and "  accommodate the concerns of event organizers . " The U.S. bid had the highest projected tickets sold of almost five million , and the report said "  TV ratings and media rights in the Americas are likely to be higher . " Japan and South Korea are seeking to stage the event for the second time , having been co-hosts in 2002 . Japan 's bid focused on innovative high-tech aspects , and was praised for its facilities and transport , though its government did not provide the required guarantees and it was rated a medium legal risk . South Korea , which hopes to stage some games in the North , met most requirements but received one black mark in that "  the majority of FIFA 's constituent target groups would be accommodated in two or three-star quality standard rooms . " It was given a low legal risk rating , but FIFA said its broadcasting law "  adversely affects the free and unrestricted exploitation of media rights " and therefore needs to be suspended . FIFA 's executive committee members , who have been lobbied by all the candidates and visited their facilities , will vote to decide the hosts for both tournaments on December 2 . Other factors apart from the technical requirements have historically played a part in awarding hosting rights . FIFA took the 2010 tournament to South Africa despite a lack of existing infrastructure in a bid to develop football on the continent , having done the same in the U.S. in 1994 . Meanwhile , FIFA 's ethics committee will announce on Thursday the fate of the two executive committee members accused of offering to sell their World Cup votes , the UK Press Association reported on Wednesday . Nigeria 's Amos Adamu and Oceania president Reynald Temarii were last month provisionally suspended along with four other FIFA officials following an undercover investigation by British newspaper the Sunday Times . The ethics committee also investigated claims of illegal collusion between bid candidates at its three-day hearing in Switzerland this week .	FIFA report highlights potential problems in World Cup bids lodged by nine countries Qatar 's 2022 application appears most unlikely due to country 's small size and infrastructure Russia , Australia and U.S. may have problems due to geographical "  vastness " FIFA worried that several countries ' governments did not give required guarantees
CNN  -- Claudio Marchisio 's late double gave Juventus a 2-0 win over reigning champions AC Milan Sunday to go back to the top of the Serie A standings . The game in Turin looked set to end in a draw until Marchisio scored three minutes from time then added a late second to seal three points which put Juve ahead of Udinese on goal scored . Defeat continued Milan 's poor start to the campaign and they lanquish in 15th , two places and a point ahead of arch-rivals Inter . Juventus created a number of openings to break the deadlock but with the clock counting down made the breakthrough . Marchisio went for a one-two with Mirko Vucinic but in trying to intercept Milan 's Daniele Bonera only succeeded in slamming the ball onto Marchisio 's foot and into the net . In injury time , Marchisio beat Christian Abbiati with a long range strike which the goalkeeper should have saved . Earlier , Udinese kept pace with a 2-0 win over Bologna as Mehdi Benatia gave them the lead on 29 minutes . Captain Antonio Di Natale scored the second from the penalty spot after Pablo Armero had been fouled . Napoli are a point behind in third following a fine 3-0 win at 10-man Inter Saturday . Meanwhile in the German Bundesliga Sunday , coach Huub Stevens made a winning start for Schalke as they won 2-1 at Hamburg . Klaas Jan Huntelaar opened the scoring after 13 minutes only for Mladen Petric to level seven minutes before the break . Dutch ace Huntelaar grabbed the winner with 17 minutes left . In the other match played , Werder Bremen failed in their bid to join Bayern Munich at the top of the table as they were beaten 3-2 by Hanover . Mohammed Abdellaoue scored a hat-trick for Hanover , who held on despite a late Claudio Pizarro goal for Bremen .	Juventus top of Serie A after 2-0 win over champions AC Milan Claudio Marchisio scored two late goals to give Juve a crucial win Udinese are second on goals scored after beating Bologna 2-0 Huub Stevens makes winning start as Schalke coach in Bundesliga
CNN  -- Hunter S. Thompson 's slim early novel -- written in 1959 , when he was 22 , but only published 40 years later -- gets a dream screen treatment courtesy of producer-star Johnny Depp and "  Withnail and I " writer-director Bruce Robinson . By rights Depp -- who already played Thompson 's alter-ego Raoul Duke in Terry Gilliam 's grandly grotesque "  Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas " -- should be too old to play the latest recruit on a failing American newspaper in San Juan , Puerto Rico . But even when he 's hung over and wretched  which is often  he easily passes for 30 , the age of the book 's "  Paul Kemp . " Of course the fact that this engagingly left field movie has spent three years on the shelf helps . When Kemp washes up in San Juan , his greatest literary achievement is his resume . He 's promptly put on the astrology desk . But he 's hungry to make a name for himself , which gives him an edge over his pickled colleagues . It 's enough to attract the patronage of local wheeler-dealer Sanderson  Aaron Eckhart  , a property developer who has big plans for the island -- and his eye-catching girlfriend , Chenault  Amber Heard  . It would be an exaggeration to call "  The Rum Diary " a dry run for "  Fear and Loathing "  and "  dry " was n't really in Thompson 's vocabulary , though Kemp does make vain promises to cut back on the hard stuff from time to time  . Still , in Depp and Robinson 's hands you ca n't miss the roots of Gonzo . This is more than ever the portrait of the artist as a young man -- fermented , refined and distilled from the book . Compared to his cartoonish Raoul Duke  or his Jack Sparrow  Depp 's agreeably deadpan performance is scaled back several notches , though it 's hard to think of another movie heartthrob who uses his body to such clownish effect when the occasion arises . Frequently shuttered behind a slick pair of shades , Kemp is a stranger in paradise and not quite sure of his bearings yet . He 's an avid observer trying to figure out where a real writer might fit between the stinking shantytowns and the shiny luxury beach houses . Robinson has no doubts about which side he 's on in that fight , and smuggles in pertinent asides on the parlous state of today 's heavily mortgaged newspaper business . Vibrantly photographed by Dariusz Wolski , the movie lays on the local color with gusto -- we get fighting cocks , voodoo and carnival - but we also see broken down plumbing , simmering racial tension , permanent flop sweat and killer lines like Sanderson 's , after Kemp marvels at the beauty of the place : "  It 's God 's idea of money . " Admittedly Kemp 's picaresque misadventures do n't add up to much of a plot -- the wheels come off in a climax that slouches off miserably in search of some future happy ending -- but there 's so much to enjoy along the way , the movie 's delayed release is hard to fathom . Depp 's easy rapport with Michael Rispoli , as photographer/sidekick Sala , is a low-key delight . I loved the way Aaron Eckhart 's imperious uber-confidence slips where Chenault is concerned ; and even anomalies like a jewel-encrusted tortoise ... "  I got the idea from a book , " Sanderson explains -- as if it did . Bruce Robinson has never topped the riotous comic miserabilism of his first film , the cult classic "  Withnail and I " -- he 's never even come close -- but "  The Rum Diary " might be considered hair of the dog after a 24-year-long career hangover . He 's back in his debauched and debunking element , which is reason enough to celebrate .	Depp 's agreeably deadpan performance is scaled back several notches The movie lays on the local color with gusto Depp 's easy rapport with Michael Rispoli is a low-key delight
CNN  -- Less than two years ago , Myanmar 's leaders were doing all they could to silence pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi . Now they 're poised to welcome her into parliament . The sudden relaxation of political shackles on the Nobel laureate has raised the inevitable questions of why , and what do they want in return ? One expert said Myanmar 's new leaders , who were elected to power in a vote derided as a "  sham " in November 2010 , had tired of being ostracized by the international community . "  They know that their regime as Southeast Asia 's number one pariah was always a ` free kick ' for anybody who wanted to bring up human rights violations , " said Nicholas Farrelly , a research fellow at the Australian National University . "  They always considered that their status was somehow not really deserved and that it was only through Aung San Suu Kyi 's iconic pro-democracy role that they were singled out for such scrutiny and attention . Near clean sweep for Suu Kyi 's party By welcoming Aung Sun Suu Kyi back into the formal political fold , and also by trying to develop a set of institutions that are internationally legitimate , they feel that they should be able to pretty rapidly reposition themselves to become yet another Southeast Asian semi-democracy , and with that status they 'd be able to enjoy all the benefits of full membership of international fora and everything that goes with that membership , " Farrelly added . For almost five decades , Myanmar , a country of almost 60 million people , was ruled by a military junta that seized power in a coup in 1962 . In 2011 , control of the country passed to former general Thein Sein who resigned his army post to form a political party , the Union Solidarity and Development Party  USDP  , to contest the 2010 vote . He won the election , which was boycotted by Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy  NLD  , and later condemned as a farce . Suu Kyi : Peaceful freedom fighter "  It 's pretty clear that when the early count was done in the last election the military was losing horrendously . They had almost no votes . Then suddenly it all changed and suddenly they won a horrendous number of votes , a massive majority , " said Monique Skidmore , from the University of Canberra . Fast forward to 2012 and the political situation has changed dramatically . Citizens have just cast their votes in an election that included opposition parties who were even allowed the freedom to publicly campaign before the vote . "  It 's remarkable and very striking for those living in Myanmar to see Aung San Suu Kyi on state television station and to listen to her on the state radio for 50 minutes giving a political speech , " said Jim Della-Giacoma , from the International Crisis Group , before the vote . The April 1 election has not been without alleged flaws , but Della-Giacoma said irregularities were inevitable , not least because of the country 's long history of military rule . "  The political environment has drastically changed and it 's part of the determination of the government to show things are different now and politics are not being played the way they were back in 2010 , " he said . Hundreds of journalists and international monitors attended the April election , and while Suu Kyi 's party claimed victory Monday in 43 of the 44 seats it contested , official results are still to be released . They are expected to confirm that the people of Myanmar want the Suu Kyi and her once-banned NLD party in parliament . While they 're only expected to occupy 43 seats of 664 in a lower house still dominated by the ruling USDP , experts say being in parliament will give Suu Kyi and her colleagues an influential voice . "  If you look at the dynamics of the legislature , the two houses of parliament in Naypyidaw , they 're voting all over the place . She  Aung San Suu Kyi  will have a very powerful voice , she is a very high-profile figure . She has an ability to pass amendments and move the parliament , " Della-Giacoma said . Myanmar 's deliberate change in strategy has already reaped returns for the impoverished country . Ahead of the vote , there was talk that a decisive step towards democracy was likely to result in the lifting of embargoes imposed to pressure the country to improve human rights . "  The election of Aung San Suu Kyi in a free and fair political contest would surely have to meet the criteria for getting rid of a large slab of the impositions that are currently put on the country , " Farrelly said . For some countries , including the U.S. and Europe , it could take some time , Farrelly said . But for others , including Australia and Canada , the lifting of sanctions could happen relatively quickly , if it was agreed the vote was adequately free and fair , Farrelly said . Myanmar has already opened its doors to foreign delegations who have been advising the country on steps towards reform . The consultations followed several surprising moves by the government , who freed Suu Kyi from house arrest within days of being elected in 2010 . President Sein 's government went on to pardon hundreds of political prisoners , secure a ceasefire with Karen rebels and agree to negotiate with other ethnic rebel groups . Strict press rules were relaxed , diluting the culture of fear that had gripped the country . The confirmation of a seat in parliament for Suu Kyi would dilute that fear even further , said Skidmore . "  The era of fear is going to be largely over . So the feeling that one could be arrested at any time for holding a view that is opposite to the military , that should be severely lessened at the end of this election period . To see Aung San Suu Kyi having a legitimate political presence in the country will be psychologically enormous to Burmese people , " she said . After declaring victory , Suu Kyi told her cheering supporters that it was n't her victory , but their own . "  This is not our triumph , this is a triumph of the people , " Suu Kyi said as she arrived at NLD headquarters in Yangon Monday . The international community has yet to react to the NLD 's claims of triumph , but when it does , it is expected to have broad implications for Myanmar and its efforts to bring a once-persecuted party in from the cold .	Pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi is poised to win a seat in Myanmar 's parliament Her National League for Democracy  NLD  party looks to have won 43 seats it contested Hundreds of journalists and international monitors attended the April by-election Foreign delegations who have been advising the country on steps towards reform
CNN  -- Los Angeles police have launched an internal investigation to determine who leaked a picture that appears to show a bruised and battered Rihanna . Rihanna was allegedly attacked by her boyfriend , singer Chris Brown , before the Grammys on February 8 . The close-up photo -- showing a woman with contusions on her forehead and below her eyes , and cuts on her lip -- was published on the entertainment Web site TMZ Thursday . TMZ said it was a photo of Rihanna . Twenty-one-year-old Rihanna was allegedly attacked by her boyfriend , singer Chris Brown , on a Los Angeles street before the two were to perform at the Grammys on February 8 . "  The unauthorized release of a domestic violence photograph immediately generated an internal investigation , " an L.A. police spokesman said in a statement . "  The Los Angeles Police Department takes seriously its duty to maintain the confidentiality of victims of domestic violence . A violation of this type is considered serious misconduct , with penalties up to and including termination . " A spokeswoman for Rihanna declined to comment . The chief investigator in the case had told CNN earlier that authorities had tried to guard against leaks . Detective Deshon Andrews said he had kept the case file closely guarded and that no copies had been made of the original photos and documents . Brown was arrested on February 8 in connection with the case and and booked on suspicion of making criminal threats . Authorities are trying to determine whether Brown should face domestic violence-related charges . Brown apologized for the incident this week . "  Words can not begin to express how sorry and saddened I am over what transpired , " the 19-year-old said in a statement released by his spokesman . "  I am seeking the counseling of my pastor , my mother and other loved ones and I am committed , with God 's help , to emerging a better person . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Los Angeles police investigating leak of photo of a battered woman TMZ Web site says photo is of R&B singer Rihanna Rihanna allegedly attacked by her boyfriend , singer Chris Brown , on February 8 The two were scheduled to perform at the Grammys
Wathinkha , Myanmar  CNN  -- Opposition leader and Nobel peace prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi won a seat in Myanmar 's parliament Sunday , her party said , a momentous victory following a decades-long fight for democracy . Staff from Suu Kyi 's party , the National League for Democracy , said she won and that several hundred people were waiting at NLD headquarters to celebrate the news , party spokesman Nyan Win said . The chairman of the Yangon region of the election commission , Ko Ko , said official results may be known by Monday morning . The formerly banned National League for Democracy was vying for 45 seats in the election . While the balance of power in the parliament will not change even if the opposition were to win all 45 , the vote itself marks a symbolic victory for many in the country who have lived under military rule for 50 years . Suu Kyi , 66 , won by a landslide the last time Myanmar held multiparty elections , in 1990 , but the junta ignored the results and placed her under house arrest . Released in November 2010 , Suu Kyi was allowed to crisscross the country to rally support for the NLD for Sunday 's race . The NLD fielded a candidate for every seat , with Suu Kyi representing Kawhmu , south of the former capital city of Yangon . She ran against a former military doctor . The government promised the vote would be free and fair and allowed international observers to monitor the polling . Analysts said the sheer number and spread of polling booths across the country would make it impossible for international monitors to ensure an honest count . Ahead of the election , Suu Kyi alleged there had been voting irregularities , illegal activities and intimidation either committed or encouraged by official entities . Sunday , Win , the NLD spokesman , said the party had received more than 50 reports of voting irregularities . In one area , ballot sheets had wax placed over the check box for the NLD , making it easier to erase the mark later and annul the vote , he said . In another area , ballots were found that had already been filled out , he said . Election Comission Chairman Tin Aye said he hoped the elections were fair but could n't speak to the allegations of irregularities . "  It 's too soon to say , " he said . Still , Suu Kyi hoped her party would win as many parliamentary seats as possible . Myanmar 's legislature has 664 seats , more than 80 % of which are still held by lawmakers aligned with the military-backed ruling party , Union Solidarity and Development Party  USDP  . The 45 seats under contention are vacancies created by the promotion of parliamentarians to the Cabinet and other posts last year . Still , the election is an opportunity for voters to weigh in during a time of enormous change in Myanmar , a country also known as Burma . Analysts said it would be the first real test of the government 's commitment to transition from military rule . Two years ago , it staged a general election that was widely derided as a sham . Several former military leaders formed the Union Solidarity and Development Party  USDP  at the time to contest the election . Suu Kyi 's party boycotted it . After attracting international condemnation for manipulating the voting process in the 2010 race , Myanmar 's leaders know that a fair election will be proof to the world that it can conduct a legitimate vote , experts said . "  It 's hugely important and it will provide a new semi-democratic political system with an opportunity to show that it has ambition to become more transparent , more inclusive and thus more democratic , " said Nicholas Farrelly , a research fellow at the Australian National University , about Sunday 's race . In the past 12 months , the country pardoned hundreds of political prisoners , secured a cease-fire with Karen rebels and agreed to negotiate with other ethnic rebel groups . Freer press rules have encouraged the proliferation of journals and magazines . Myanmar 's efforts to thaw its frosty relations with the rest of the world have been warmly welcomed and rewarded . In recent months , a steady procession of foreign ministers has visited the country and , in February , the European Union lifted a travel ban on Myanmar officials . There have been hints , too , that a free and fair vote on Sunday will lead to the relatively swift unraveling of sanctions that have long choked the country 's economy . Thousands of Burmese living in exile around the world were watching the election for a clear sign that it is safe to return home . Young voters in Myanmar appeared to be particularly excited about the polling . Just the sight of Suu Kyi brazenly pitching her policies to huge crowds of people emboldened many to dare to believe that democracy might be possible . "  I am so happy and proud of voting freely , " said Ung Sann , 30 , on Sunday . "  I believe the government will change toward democracy . " Analysts said Suu Kyi is all but guaranteed to win her seat . "  It would be a major shock if she did not win her own seat . But I think we have to prepare people for the expectations that the NLD will not win all seats in the by-election , " said Jim Della-Giacoma , a project director at International Crisis Group . Others said the number of seats won by the NLD is less critical than what the vote says about Myanmar 's future . "  I do n't think it matters how many seats the NLD wins . I think the only thing that really matters  is  whether it 's free or fair . I do n't think the people of Burma care about how many seats the NLD wins either . What they want to know is whether the next set of elections , the national elections  expected in 2015  , are also going to be free and fair , " said Monique Skidmore , of the University of Canberra . The daughter of Gen. Aung San , a hero of Burmese independence , Suu Kyi herself became an inspiration with her long struggle for democracy in the country . As a member of parliament , Suu Kyi would be expected to be free to travel outside Myanmar -- and more importantly to return -- something that was n't possible during her long years of repression and confinement . She told hundreds of journalists gathered outside her residence Friday that she did n't plan to become a minister in the military-backed civilian government , if a position was offered to her . Under Myanmar 's constitution , lawmakers ca n't hold ministerial office . Asked where she would place Myanmar 's democracy on a scale of one to 10 , Suu Kyi said , "  We 're trying to get to one . " CNN 's Paul Hancocks , Kocha Olarn and Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	NEW : A party spokesman says Suu Kyi has won The balance of power will not change even if the opposition wins all 45 seats Official results may be known Monday The vote is nevertheless a symbolic victory for many
CNN  -- The human rights group Amnesty International is calling on the United Nations to impose an arms embargo on Israel and the Palestinians , saying both sides used weapons supplied from abroad to carry out attacks on civilians during their three-week conflict in Gaza . Palestinian children make coffee behind a bullet and rocket riddled wall in Rafah , Gaza , on January 24 , 2009 . The London-based group issued a 38-page report Sunday night that detailed "  evidence of war crimes and other serious violations of international law by all parties . " Israeli forces used white phosphorus and other weapons supplied by the United States , killing hundreds of civilians and destroying homes , the group said . The use of white phosphorus is restricted under international law . In the early days of the Gaza conflict , the Israel Defense Forces denied using the ordnance . But later , Israeli officials said only that any shells fired in Gaza were "  in accordance with international law . " Amnesty said its researchers found munitions fragments littering school playgrounds , hospitals and homes after the 22-day fighting in Gaza ended in January . Many of the munitions used by the Israeli army were American-made , and included bombs , white phosphorus remains and missiles seemingly launched from unmanned drones , Amnesty said . "  To a large extent , Israel 's military offensive in Gaza was carried out with weapons , munitions and military equipment supplied by the U.S.A. and paid for with U.S. taxpayers ' money , " Malcolm Smart , Amnesty 's Middle East director , said in the report . He called on the United States to immediately suspend military aid to Israel . The United States is to provide $ 30 billion in military aid to Israel under a 10-year agreement that runs till 2017 -- a 25-percent increase compared with the period preceding the Bush administration , Amnesty said . The group also took to task Hamas , the Islamic militant group that has ruled Gaza since 2007 . It said it found remains of Qassam and Grad rockets fired by Palestinian armed groups in civilian areas . Grad rockets have a longer range than the crude , home-made Qassams . Israel said Palestinian militants have fired about 10,000 rockets and mortars into Israel in the past eight years . "  These unsophisticated weapons are either smuggled into Gaza clandestinely or constructed there from components secretly brought in from abroad , " Amnesty said . Israel 's foreign ministry responded harshly to the report , calling it biased and "  dedicated almost exclusively to the censure of Israel . " The ministry said the report does not mention Hamas ' "  deliberate use " of civilians as human shields . It also said Israel 's use of weapons complied with international law and denied that its forces targeted civilians . "  The comparison of the supply of weapons to Israel and the Hamas in inappropriate , " the ministry said in a statement . "  Israel is a sovereign nation that is obligated to use force to protect its citizens , while Hamas is a terror organization . " Israel launched the attack on Hamas in Gaza on December 27 with the stated aim of ending rocket attacks on southern Israel . More than 1,300 Palestinians died and about 5,400 others were wounded . Thirteen Israelis , including 10 soldiers , were killed in the fighting . Since the two sides declared a cease-fire on January 21 , militants have sporadically fired rockets into Israel . Israel has responded with airstrikes .	Amnesty International calls for U.N. arms embargo on Israel and Palestinians Group says both sides used weapons from abroad to attack civilians in Gaza conflict Amnesty issues a 38-page report detailing "  evidence of war crimes " by all parties Amnesty said it found munitions fragments in school playgrounds , hospitals , homes
CNN  -- Senegal on Saturday unveiled a colossal statue during a lavish ceremony amid reports of criticism over the monument 's construction at a time when the western African nation is struggling financially . The 164-foot structure -- about a foot taller than the Statue of Liberty -- shows the figures of a man , a woman and a child , arms outstretched , facing the Atlantic Ocean . President Abdoulaye Wade says the statue , which he designed , is a monument to Africa 's renaissance . Critics say the opulent copper structure is merely the product of the president 's own self-indulgent vision and poor governance . And though it dominates the skyline of Senegal 's capital , Dakar , the monument falls far short of the president 's claim that it is the world 's largest . Several other statues are listed by multiple sources to be taller , including China 's Spring Temple Buddha , which stands just under 420 feet . Opposition group Benno Siggil Senegal called on the Senegalese people to "  refuse to associate themselves with a fraudulent scheme designed to satisfy the fantasies of Abdoulaye Wade and to lay the foundations of dynastic reign of Wade on our country , " according to the African Press Agency . A spokeswoman for the president sought to downplay criticism Saturday , saying the statue -- valued at roughly $ 20 million -- was made possible by a land deal between Wade and North Korea , and that proceeds from the monument will benefit Senegalese children . The statue is "  an affirmation to be proud of Africa -- to be proud to be black , " said spokeswoman Gia Abrassart . Other dignitaries in attendance at Saturday 's ceremony , which coincided with the 50th anniversary of Senegal 's independence , echoed that message . "  This renaissance statue is a powerful idea from a powerful mind , " said the Rev. Jesse Jackson in remarks to the crowd of hundreds waving flags at the foot of the lighted monument . "  This is dedicated to the journey of our ancestors , enslaved but not slaves . " Malawi President Bingu Wa Mutharika praised Wade for constructing a monument that represents Africa . "  This monument does not belong to Senegal , " he said . "  It belongs to the African people wherever we are . " North Korea , which made the statue 's construction possible , also sent Wade a congratulatory message , the state-run Korean Central News Agency reported . In exchange for the money to build the statue , North Korea received a piece of Senegalese land , Abrassart said . The message from top North Korean official Kim Yong Nam "  expressed belief that the friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries would grow stronger in various fields in the future , too , " according to KCNA . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	Monument to African Renaissance , at 164 feet , is 1 foot taller than Statue of Liberty Critics say statue is a product of President Abdoulaye Wade 's self-indulgence Spokesman for Wade says it was made possible by land deal with North Korea The Rev. Jesse Jackson : "  This is dedicated to the journey of our ancestors "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Furniture from the rented mansion where pop star Michael Jackson died was being auctioned off Saturday , and among the most expensive items sold were paintings that went for $ 46,875 and $ 35,200 . Some of the furnishings were made infamous by crime scene photos shown in this year 's trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor , Conrad Murray , who was sentenced last month to four years in the Los Angeles County jail for involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death . Though the mansion is located in Los Angeles ' Holmby Hills neighborhood , the auction was being held in Beverly Hills and was being carried live online . Auctioneers were selling 524 items . Jackson did not own the beds , chairs , clocks , paintings , dishes and other objects , but their value was expected to skyrocket because of the personal touch added by the pop icon and his children in the months before he died on June 25 , 2009 . Julien 's Auctions has been careful not to call it a Michael Jackson auction out of legal and public relations concerns , instead marketing it by the mansion 's now-famous address -- 100 North Carolwood Drive . As of early Saturday afternoon , among the most expensive items sold were a $ 35,200 watercolor painting of floral still life by Maurice Utrillo and a $ 46,875 oil painting of fishing village by Adelsteen Normann . The table where Jackson 's sedatives sat and the rug on which paramedics tried to revive him are also among the items on the sale block . Without the connection to Jackson , the entire property might bring $ 400,000 , Nolan said . But with the connection , "  the sky 's the limit , " Julien 's Executive Director Martin Nolan said . A chalkboard left behind in Jackson 's kitchen may have cost a few hundred dollars , but what his children wrote on it makes it a very valuable object , Nolan said . The note , handwritten on the black board attached to a 26-inch-tall ceramic rooster , reads "  love Daddy / I  heart  Daddy / Smile it 's for free . " It sat in the kitchen where , according to testimony in the trial of Murray , Jackson would eat lunch each day with Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson . It was not known which child wrote the chalk note , but Nolan said his research suggested it was from Paris , who was 11 when her father died . Another striking piece is a Victorian-revival-style armoire from Jackson 's master bedroom . On the mirror , presumably where Jackson looked each day as he dressed , is a handwritten message of inspiration : "  Train , perfection March April Full out May . " The wax-pencil note is significant , considering that Jackson was battling the calendar as he prepared for his "  This Is It " concerts set to premiere in London in July 2009 . Murray 's defense lawyers argued during the trial that the intense pressure on Jackson to rehearse for the 50 shows put him in a desperate fight for sleep , which led to Murray administering the surgical anesthetic propofol nearly every night in the last two months of his life . Julien 's Auctions backed away from selling the bed in which Jackson received the fatal dose of the propofol after a personal request from his mother , Katherine Jackson , Nolan said . The auction house 's re-creation of the bedroom where Jackson died -- euphemistically called "  the medicine room " by the company -- features a bed-sized memorial covered with love notes from Jackson fans instead of the death bed . The nightstand seen next to the death bed in coroner 's photos , bearing numerous bottles of sedatives and other drugs , is for sale . The "  French occasional table " is listed for between $ 300 and $ 500 . The room-size Oriental rug that covered the floor where Jackson was placed when paramedics tried to revive him is listed in the auction catalog for between $ 400 and $ 600 . The couch and chairs where Jackson likely sat with show producers worried about his health in the days before his death are for sale . One chair in Jackson 's bedroom has a stain which Nolan suggested was makeup spilled by the star as he sat in front of a mirror . None of Jackson 's relatives has expressed an interest in any of the items , Nolan said . He pointed out that they had a chance to take whatever they wanted from the house in the months after his death . The notes and posters brought to the auction house by Jackson fans and placed on the "  medicine room " memorial will be sent to Jackson 's mother and children , he said . Jackson 's relationship with Julien 's turned sour in the last months of his life when he filed a lawsuit to stop the sale of furnishings from his Neverland ranch . The singer sued the auction company , claiming he did not authorize the sale of items that were removed from Neverland after he sold the ranch . The suit was settled in April 2009 when Julien 's canceled the auction and later returned the items to Jackson .	Two paintings sell for thousands of dollars Auction is selling 524 items from rented mansion where pop icon died in 2009 Some furnishings were shown in photos during trial of Jackson 's doctor Jackson did n't own the furnishings , but his use of them should raise prices
CNN  -- Need some social etiquette advice for the digital age ? Brad Pitt 's got your back in this month 's cover story from Wired Magazine . In Wired 's new cover story , Brad Pitt offers etiquette for the digital age . So Brad , should people talk on the phone while they 're using the restroom ? "  No , you ca n't talk on the phone ! " Pitt tells the magazine . "  Do you want the guy next to you to hear your entire conversation ? "  That 's why you should only text in the bathroom . Just be sure you do n't hit the wrong button and end up putting a photo of your junk on Twitter . Trust me , you do n't want those followers . " Watch a CNN video about cell phone etiquette " Humor covers for Pitt 's lack of tech credentials as the Hollywood hunk and star of Quentin Tarantino 's new film , "  Inglourious Basterds " offers up a range of tongue-in-cheek advice for Wired readers . He touches on subjects ranging from managing your online persona to looking at porn on your work computer . Wired says Pitt approached the magazine with ideas for the story . The magazine , which is owned by Conde Nast and is a CNN.com content partner , collaborated with Pitt and contributing photographer Dan Winters to create the article . "  How to Behave : New Rules for Highly Evolved Humans " hits newsstands July 21 . Wired said in an e-mail that the piece is a re-think of the celebrity magazine profile . On the cover , a photo shows Pitt wearing a Bluetooth device in his ear . "  Rule No. 52 : Ditch the headset . He can barely pull it off -- and you are not him , " a blurb on the magazine front says . Most of the article is delivered in a spoof question-answer format . Pitt contributes several answers , as do regular Wired writers . One question asks if a person who exaggerated his or her salary on an online dating profile should confess . "  Hell no , " Pitt writes . "  Everyone lies online . In fact , readers expect you to lie . If you do n't , they 'll think you make less than you actually do . So the only way to tell the truth is to lie . " A question about viewing pornography at work is paired with a photo of Pitt scanning a copy of Hustler magazine at an office desk . A half-eaten doughnut sits on the table in front of him . "  Do n't just look at it at work , bring in your old porn mags and scan them there ! " Pitt writes in the magazine . "  It 's like converting your vinyl to MP3s . Fill up your hard drive , and when you need a break from spreadsheets , just open a favorite pictorial . " Pitt 's OK with porn , but he 's less understanding of people who want to answer urgent cell phone calls during movies . "  It may be a brief interruption -- just a few seconds -- but what if someone sitting near you is trying to make a decent bootleg ? Did you ever think of that ? Now all those street-corner copies are permanently defiled by your so-called 'em ergency , ' " he writes . "  Do n't be so damn selfish . "	Wired Magazine 's cover story features spoof tech advice from Brad Pitt The Hollywood hunk is promoting his new movie , "  Inglourious Basterds " Pitt says talking on the phone at the urinal is rude ; you should text instead Pitt : Online communication is based on lies : "  The only way to tell the truth is to lie "
Galway , Ireland  CNN  -- The husband of a woman who died after reportedly being refused an abortion in Ireland said Friday he will not cooperate with an inquiry into her death . Ireland 's health service monitoring group -- the Health Information and Quality Authority -- Friday published the "  terms of reference " for its investigation into the death of Savita Halappanavar at University Hospital Galway in October . The inquiry will investigate the safety , quality and standards of services provided . However , the lawyer acting for Praveen Halappanavar , Gerard O'Donnell , confirmed that his client would not support the investigation and would only accept a public inquiry . O'Donnell plans to take the case to the European Court of Human Rights . Two state investigations have been called , but Halappanavar had said he has no faith in them , claiming some of his wife 's medical records have disappeared . The Irish Health Minister James Reilly said Friday he had not ruled out a public inquiry but was waiting on the interim results of an internal "  clinical review " by the Health Service Executive before deciding his next move . The Halappanavar family says Savita died of blood poisoning after doctors declined to abort her miscarrying fetus because of Ireland 's strict laws . Her husband claims she was advised her unborn baby would likely die . Halappanavar says his wife , who was in extreme pain , asked for the abortion , but was told that Ireland is a Catholic country and an abortion could not be done while the fetus was alive . Three days after the request for a termination was made , the fetus died and was removed . Four days later , Savita died of a blood infection . Her death provoked anger in Ireland and elsewhere and sparked demands for Ireland to introduce new abortion laws . The issue has been debated in Ireland 's parliament , but it 's unclear when , or if , a resolution will come . Prime Minister Enda Kenny said Wednesday he wants a legislative decision on abortion "  as quickly as possible . " Read more : Husband wants answers over wife whose death sparked abortion debate Journalist Peter Taggart contributed to this report	Husband of woman who died after being refused abortion will not cooperate with inquiry Praveen Halappanavar thinks Irish officials failed to adequately investigate , his lawyer says Savita Halappanavar died October 28 of blood poisoning
CNN  -- The U.S. Navy said its guided missile destroyer collided with a Japanese-owned oil tanker in the Strait of Hormuz early Sunday morning . No one was injured in the collision that occurred about 1 a.m. local time when the USS Porter collided with the Panamanian-flagged bulk oil tanker M/V Otowasan , the Navy said in a statement . The Navy did not provide details about the collision , saying only the accident was not related to combat . It said the incident is under investigation . Damage to the USS Porter was being evaluated , "  but the ship is able to operate under its own power , " the statement said . The Navy did not say what , if any , damage the Otowasan incurred in the collision . The USS Porter , in the Persian Gulf on a scheduled deployment , is assigned to the U.S. 5th Fleet . It is conducting maritime security operations , the Navy said . U.S. destroyer , oil tanker collide ` Weirdest thing ' floats in South Pacific	The USS Porter , a guided missile destroyer , collides with a tanker The Japanese-owned tanker was operating under a Panamanian flag No one is injured in the collision , the Navy says The Porter "  is able to operate under its own power , " the Navy says
CNN  -- These days , stories about airline crew-member meltdowns and traffic controllers asleep on the job are enough to make even the bravest fliers clutch their armrests a little tighter . But despite these unusual incidents , the U.S. airline industry is enjoying one of the safest periods in its history . "  It 's really pretty amazing -- not just the year-to-year safety record -- but when you consider that air travel involves doing some fairly risky things , like flying an aircraft in bad weather and all kinds of conditions , " says Bill Voss of the Flight Safety Foundation , a nonprofit group focusing on safety research and advocacy . Although regional airline crashes in 2009 , 2006 , 2004 and 2003 killed 133 people , the most recent deadly U.S. crash of a large airliner was in 2001 , when American Airlines Flight 587 went down in Belle Harbor , New York , killing 265 . In the 1990s there were at least five fatal mid-size or wide-body domestic airline crashes , and in the '80s there were at least three . "  We 've seen a dramatic improvement since the 1990s , " says Voss . "  Everybody uses different stats , but you used to have probably between one and two accidents per million departures . Last year we were down to well below one accident per million departures . " It 's not overstating it to say the nation has entered an unprecedented era of safer skies , according to industry experts including a former National Transportation Safety Board official . A combination of improvements introduced and implemented in the '80s and '90s gets credit -- including innovations in pilot training , better sharing of safety solutions , and technological advances . An electronic on-board system called TCAS , which is aimed at preventing midair collisions , has probably saved countless lives . So has something called ground proximity warning systems , which alert pilots if they 're in danger of crashing into the ground when weather makes visibility difficult . Also developed in the past decades : cockpit resource management -- a fancy term for procedures first developed in the 1980s to help flight crews behave and communicate better to avoid circumstances that could have deadly consequences . In last month 's JetBlue incident during a flight between New York and Las Vegas , Capt. Clayton Osbon began acting erratically , prompting the co-pilot to lock him out of the cockpit . "  I do n't know if 15 years ago whether a co-pilot would have had the guts to trick that captain into getting out of the cockpit , " says Peter Goelz , former managing director of the National Transportation Safety Board . "  That all comes from CRM -- which is saying that everybody 's got a responsibility for safety . " "  What was a very hierarchical authority-based crew structure back in the early 1980s has been completely overhauled , " says Voss . "  You have a whole new generation of crews that do n't even think the same way anymore . They work as a team together , not just in the cockpit , but with the cabin crew . " Air travelers have benefited from vastly improved satellite and weather prediction technology . Pilots and controllers have much more precise data allowing them to more accurately fly around dangerous storms . But weather data systems are n't infallible . Air France Flight 447 , from Brazil to Paris , which crashed into the Atlantic in 2009 killing 228 , paid a price , says Goelz , because it flew through a storm , while other aircraft avoided it . Heavy news media coverage of terrible crashes in the '90s , like ValuJet Flight 592 near Miami and TWA Flight 800 off Long Island , "  allowed safety to really go to the top of the agenda in the aviation discussion , " says Goelz , giving the NTSB more influence to push Washington and the airlines toward more safety improvements . "  Safety is a nonevent which gives you the impression that it does n't require active effort , " says Voss , a former FAA official and air traffic controller . "  But it does . " About 731 million U.S. passengers flew in 2011 , according to the FAA . The yearly projection for 2032 is 1.2 billion . For that reason alone , there are serious questions about whether the industry can maintain its safety record . The biggest threat , says Voss , would be aggressive budget cutbacks , either on Capitol Hill or in corporate boardrooms . "  Will we have enough money for the infrastructure ? Will we have the appropriate number of regulators available to support the growth that we are going to have and keep the brilliant safety record that we have ? " The FAA 's plan to improve air traffic efficiency and communication , called NextGen , is the key to safely managing the anticipated surge in passengers , says Goelz . In 2009 , a regional air carrier -- Colgan Air Flight 3407 -- crashed near Buffalo , New York , killing 50 people . That tragedy offered the industry a warning about how a shifting economy can affect airline safety , says Voss . "  It was a product of a burst of growth , " he says . "  Airlines started running out of people to fill seats in the cockpit and in certain circumstances you may see cases where someone is not as qualified or trained or as experienced as you might like being pushed into the  pilot 's  seat . " Colgan concluded the crash of the Bombardier Dash 8-Q400 was caused by the crew 's "  loss of situational awareness and failure to follow Colgan Air training and procedures . " The FAA has proposed more stringent qualifications for pilots in the wake of that accident . Voss sees "  a very strong correlation between extreme growth pressure and accidents . " As examples he cites air crash upticks in the past decade in Indonesia and Africa . "  All of them were preceded by a sudden boom in the industry , " says Voss . "  We got a little taste of that with Colgan -- and now the system has settled back down and hopefully we 've taken some lessons away from that . "	Experts : The U.S. airline industry has never been safer Longstanding crew safety procedures helped resolve JetBlue pilot incident Technology and other factors credited for fewer deadly U.S. airline crashes Most recent U.S. crash with death toll over 200 : 2001 in Belle Harbor , New York
CNN  -- Ray McDonald , who plays for the San Francisco 49ers , was arrested August 31 on felony domestic violence charges involving his pregnant fiancee . The San Jose Police Department said McDonald 's fiancee had "  visible injuries , " and the Sacramento Bee reported that police were previously called to his house in May . McDonald is out on bail while the case is under investigation by the district attorney 's office . He is due in court on September 15 and has yet to be charged . But none of this stopped McDonald from playing on Sunday in the 49ers season opener , a decision the San Francisco Board of Supervisors just denounced . They 've called for McDonald to be sidelined  with pay  pending the outcome of the September 15 court appearance . Do we need cell phone video of every assault to make the NFL pick up the ball ? Apparently we do . There 's Greg Hardy of the Carolina Panthers , who was convicted in July on domestic violence charges . Think he 's in jail or suspended indefinitely like Rice ? Nope -- under NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell 's leadership , he 's on the field . And there are many other examples where the NFL looked the other way or was way too lenient . Ray Rice has been punished for his despicable elevator assault on Janay Palmer , who 's now his wife . Now it 's time for the NFL to be punished for its despicable handling of it . The NFL commissioner , Roger Goodell , must go . With Goodell in charge , nothing is going to change the next time another player is charged with felony domestic violence . And next time is already here . Under his leadership , the NFL and the Baltimore Ravens have handled the incident so horrendously that they 're guilty of abusing Janay Rice too . Only TMZ rubbing Goodell 's nose in this pile of dung forced the NFL to react . Without TMZ releasing the video of Rice 's assault , current and former NFL players would n't have gone nuts condemning him on social media . Without the video , Ray Rice was going to play 14 games this season , earn commission as a character in the Madden '15 video game , and enjoy lucrative contracts with endorsers like Nike -- and that was just fine with the commissioner and the Ravens . You might wonder why the NFL did n't see the surveillance video . Goodell told CBS  the network that broadcasts NFL games  that he "  did n't know what was on that tape . " But he knew Rice hit her unconscious . He knew there was surveillance inside the elevator . Perhaps he did n't care to watch it . He wanted to get back to what 's important : playing football . The NFL abused Janay Rice when it did n't suspend Ray Rice immediately . NFL officials abused her by allegedly having him present as they interviewed her for their "  investigation , " putting her in an impossible situation . Then the Ravens put her in the position of defending her abuser . They held a press conference where she apologized for the "  role " she played . Ray Rice also apologized "  to everyone who was affected by this situation that me and my wife were in , " but not to his wife . You saw the video . Would you rat out the man who cold-cocked you while he 's sitting next to you ? Want to be the one "  responsible " for making him lose his job ? They abused her yet again when the Ravens ' official Twitter account tweeted "  Ray Rice : ' I wo n't call myself a failure . Failure is not getting knocked down . It 's not getting up . ' " And the NFL sent Janay Rice a very clear message when it handed her husband a two-game suspension : "  This was n't that serious , honey -- stand by your man . " Head Coach John Harbaugh welcomed Ray Rice back to the team , as "  a heck of a guy . " Six months after being assaulted , Janay Rice should be allowed to focus on healing . Instead she 's now reeling from yet another punch -- this latest one from , surprise , the NFL . She deserved better -- from her husband , from the Ravens and from the NFL . Of course she 's lashing out and blaming everyone but Rice for this "  nightmare . " She 's a battered woman . Imagine if the NFL had handled this the right way back when the original assault took place . It would have sidelined Rice , pending an investigation . It would have talked to Janay Palmer privately , with a trained advocate present , and made it comfortable for her to be honest . It would have handed Ray Rice a suspension for the season and supported him through counseling . One more thing : For the women in the media , like Taylor Marsh , who are calling Janay a "  delusional " victim -- shame on you . You show a stunning lack of knowledge about domestic violence and the reasons why victims feel so paralyzed . By blaming her , you isolate her and make it harder for her to leave . I suggest you try searching for the now-trending hashtag #WhyIStayed to educate yourself about what victims go through and why battered women 's syndrome makes them stay . Ray Rice has been dealt with . The Rices ' marriage and his career will be tested over time . Ray McDonald was charged in August with felony domestic violence charges and is still playing football , and that 's okay with Goodell . Greg Hardy was convicted of domestic violence charges in July and he 's still playing for the league . Think the NFL takes domestic violence seriously ? Neither do I. Goodell -- it 's time you go . Where 's Adam Silver when you need him ?	Mel Robbins : NFL let other players charged in domestic violence return to field Robbins : Ray Rice punished , once there was video -- why not others ? Goodell must go NFL abused Janay Rice , she says ; her defense of Ray Rice typical of battered women Robbins : Imagine if NFL had handled case properly and all parties had gotten needed help
Maybe it seems like the fastest way for a gadget-and-technology blogger to commit career suicide , but Paul Miller gave up the Internet at midnight Tuesday . Miller , who was and still is a senior editor at a tech news site called The Verge , plans to stay offline for a full year . When he needs to post something to the website that employs him , he will hand his editors a thumb drive with his stories saved in offline files . If he needs to look up a phone number , he 'll get on the phone and start calling people -- who hopefully know people who know the person that he 's trying to reach for an interview . There 's no other way without access to professional websites and directories , he said . "  I 'm going to try to use the six degrees of separation a little bit , " he said on Tuesday afternoon in an interview -- by phone , of course . "  I have a lot of co-workers and they know a lot of people and so anybody I can get a phone number for I 'll call that person and maybe they have a phone number for another person . So I 'll have to follow that sort of chain . " Why go to all this trouble ? For years , the idea of a digital sabbatical has appealed to the hyper-connected set -- people who spend most of their days in front of computer screens , checking blogs , reading Twitter and somehow trying to figure out how to get their work done in between . At the office , they dodge dozens of click-me-now messages per minute , each demanding instant attention . Even away from work , phones chime and vibrate to the point that , according to a market research study from Martin Lindstrom , the buzz of a vibrating phone is now one of the top three "  most powerful , affecting sounds " -- after a baby giggling and the Intel chime , he wrote in The New York Times . Depending on your perspective , it may be either surprising or fitting that a technology blogger would get so caught up in the online tornado that he would quit , completely , and for a full year . On one hand , the Internet is Miller 's passion and livelihood . "  I love the Internet , " he said . "  It allows people to interact in really deep and meaningful ways and to create awesome things and do awesome things . I think it 's a wonderful invention and I have no ill will against it . " But on the other hand , he also was semi-required to be online almost all the time . "  I 've been on the Internet for the majority of the hours of my waking life , " he says in a video posted on The Verge . Over the years , that started to take its toll . Longer-term , big-brainpower projects , like a sci-fi novel he 's writing , fell to the wayside of quicker , easier distractions , he said . So he wants to try life without all that . "  I just want to know how it 's impacting me and the parts of it that might not be good or might not be good for me , " he said in the interview . "  That 's why it 's an experiment , not an indictment . " When I spoke with Miller , he 'd only been off the Internet for about 12 hours . With that little time elapsed , it was of course impossible for him to pass broad judgments on his year-off-the-Internet plan . Before he pulled the plug , he said he "  really tried to overdose " on all things Internet . He played several online games at once , responded to a flurry of Twitter messages and e-mails and joined a chat on Reddit , where some commenters questioned the value of his project , calling it a "  publicity stunt . " "  I have to recommend against it , " one person wrote , saying he or she had tried a similar experiment a few years ago . " ... It became rather dull rather quickly . " At 12:01 a.m. on Tuesday he found himself in The Verge 's office grappling with that potential for dullness . "  As soon as I unplugged I literally had nothing to do , " he said . What he did was find co-workers who were playing video games  offline , so that 's allowed  . He joined them for a bit and then went back home , where he had an unusually long conversation with his roommate and listened to some records . They stayed up talking until 3 a.m. , he said , and "  I was completely in the moment and having a good time . " That may not have happened with the Internet around , he said . Before he quit the Internet , Miller said his relationships were suffering because of his digital fixations : "  A lot of times I 'm on a computer or I 'm on my phone and I 'm a little distracted by that . Sometimes I get frustrated at somebody that 's trying to talk to me because maybe there 's something I 'm trying to complete on the computer and I 'm trying to have the conversation . So I do n't really do well at either thing . " Miller quit drinking cold turkey last year , and did the same when he wanted to give up gluten for a few months . It 's easier to go all the way with something than to do it in phases , he said . He plans to spend much of his year reading some of the best books in history  he downloaded a list from a university 's syllabus before the no-Internet deadline  and writing more . You can check back for updates on The Verge , where he will post diary entries about twice per week . And who knows , he said , maybe this will make a book . "  If this goes well I also want to write a book about my experiences without the Internet , " he said , "  but so far I have n't had any experiences without the Internet . " Well , that 's about to change .	Blogger Paul Miller from The Verge quits the Internet for a year Miller : "  I 've been on the Internet for the majority of the hours of my waking life " Miller says he will keep his job as a blogger but wo n't post his stories to the Web
New York  CNN  -- Hate crime and robbery indictments were brought Tuesday in two separate incidents in which suspects allegedly targeted gay men for violence at Manhattan gay bars . Two men were accused of attacking a man in the bathroom of the Stonewall Inn , an iconic gay bar in downtown Manhattan , on October 3 , according to a release from the New York district attorney 's office . Matthew Francis , 21 , and Christopher Orlando , 17 , both from Staten Island , were charged with two counts of attempted robbery as a hate crime and one count of assault as a hate crime . In addition , Francis was charged with one count of criminal possession of a weapon . A 34-year old victim , whose name is not being released , was at a urinal inside the bar when one of the defendants allegedly asked him whether he was gay , according a news release from the district attorney 's office . When the victim responded yes , Matthew Francis , 21 , allegedly yelled , "  Get away from me f -- t. I do n't like gay people . " He then asked for money , saying , "  Give me a dollar . Give me a 20 , " according to the news release . The victim refused and Francis allegedly push him to ground and punched him several times in the face and chest . The other defendant Christopher Orlando , 17 , stood in front of the exit preventing him from leaving , the district attorney 's office said . Bar patrons and staff members chased the suspects outside , where they were arrested by police officers who had been called to the scene . The victim suffered "  substantial pain and a laceration to the head " and had to be treated at a hospital , the district attorney 's office said . The Stonewall Inn was the site of a series of demonstrations in 1969 that were triggered when patrons fought back during a police raid . The incident is widely considered the start of the gay rights movement . An additional indictment Tuesday came in a separate , similar incident a little more than a week later . Frederick Giunta , 25 , of Queens , New York , has been charged with attempted robbery and assault as a hate crime . Giunta is accused of stealing an unnamed victim 's wallet on October 11 . That same day , he allegedly made racist and anti-gay comments and struck a second unnamed victim in the face at Julius , another popular gay club in the West Village area of Manhattan . "  Attacks such as these not only harm individual victims , they also threaten entire communities in New York City , " Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said in a statement Tuesday . "  We created the Hate Crimes Unit to identify and then to build strong cases against those who commit bias crimes . New York City 's diverse populations deserve our respect and protection , " he said . Attorneys for Francis , Orlando , and Giunta have not yet responded to requests for comment from CNN . CNN 's Kristen Hamill contributed to this report	Two men accused of attacking a man at the Stonewall Inn in Manhattan on October 3 In a separate case , a man has been indicted in an attack eight days later at another gay bar Such attacks "  threaten entire communities in New York City , " Manhattan DA says
Editor 's Note : Join Roland S. Martin for his weekly sound-off segment on CNN.com Live at 11:10 a.m. Wednesday . If you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you . A nationally syndicated columnist and Chicago-based radio host , he is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Please visit his Web site . Roland Martin says Americans need to rise above issues of race , age and gender when they vote . CNN  -- One of the most intriguing conversations I had at either the Democratic or Republican convention was with a white labor leader from Ohio . I ca n't remember his name , but he made it clear that he is going all around the Rust Belt state looking his white union brothers and sisters in the eye and essentially shaming them into supporting Sen. Barack Obama for president . No , he 's not saying vote for the black man for president because he 's black . He said he 's telling them that it 's shameful that as Democrats , they agree with him on various political issues , but because of his skin color , they are refusing to cast ballots for him . "  We have gone to our black brothers and sisters for years to support our -LSB- white -RSB- candidates , and it 's wrong for us to stand here and not support one of their own , even though we 're Democrats , " he barked . There is nothing more in-your-face than to hear someone speak truthfully to the inherent racism that is at play in this election . For all the talk about inclusion and the historic nature of this campaign , the true tribal feelings of so many people will come into play , whether we want to admit it or not . We are seeing remarkable bias playing strongly in this election . Exit-polling data in the primaries showed some evidence of bias when it came to age , race and gender , but the great concern is whether people are as honest in talking to pollsters as they are in the voting booth . Because Sen. John McCain is 72 and would be the oldest person to be sworn in as president , there is a lot of dialogue about how old this white guy is , and how wrong it is that he 's running . Age questions also have been raised about the 47-year-old black guy from Chicago and whether he is too young and inexperienced to lead . While there is a lot of talk and excitement surrounding Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin being named as the first woman on a Republican ticket , and what that may mean in terms of widespread female support coming the way of McCain-Palin , there are some voices who refuse to vote for a woman . We 've also seen a number of prominent women -- including Washington Post columnist Sally Quinn and radio talk show host Dr. Laura Schlessinger -- who have questioned whether the 44-year-old white mother of five children should be vice president , considering she has five children , including a special needs child . It 's wonderful to talk about the economy , immigration , the war in Iraq , health care and education , but we ca n't be naïve to the reality that when voters go into that voting booth , they will , as one person told me during an interview , "  vote with their tribe . " That was one of the arguments we heard during the Democratic primaries when Obama enjoyed overwhelming support from African-Americans -- to the tune of 90-plus percent -- while Sen. Hillary Clinton had major female support , largely white , in the range of 65 to 70 percent . So what do we do when it comes to our tendency to follow group identification ? 1 . Stop dancing around the topic . When you watch TV and hear folks talk about Wal-Mart moms or small , rural towns , they are talking about white Americans . These catch phrases never include African-Americans or Hispanics 2 . Confront bias where it is . Ask your friends , neighbors , co-workers and church members who they are voting for . When they give you the "  I really ca n't put my finger on it " line , then press them . Hard . You know the real answer , so do n't beat around the bush . The best folks to challenge Americans on their hang-ups regarding age , race and gender are n't the AARP , NAACP or NOW . It 's Y-O-U . Do n't give in to the "  That 's the way I was raised " mantra . When someone suggests that flags and faith show that a candidate is n't one of us , drill down . 3 . Accept the fact that some people will not change . We all think that we have been gifted to the degree that our sane and logical arguments can get folks off their biased stumps . Some people just wo n't give in . Fine , move on . The goal is to rid our society of as much bias as possible . If someone is so hard-headed , then you have to go on to the next person and try to change them . It 's critical that we be as honest as possible about the impact of race , age and gender in campaigns . A lot of people love to toss around the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's quote that he hoped one day people would be judged by "  the content of their character . " But it 's still a reality that skin tone , gender and our birth date means more than character to a lot of Americans . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Roland Martin says people talk about issues but conceal their biases Martin : Race , age , gender issues affect support for Obama , McCain , Palin Americans need to be open about how "  tribal " concerns influence them , he says Martin : Let 's stop dancing around the topics of race , age and gender
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A Hindu man in Britain lost his court battle Friday for the legal right to be cremated in a traditional Hindu open-air funeral pyre . Most Hindus believe open-air burning is the spiritually appropriate way to release a soul from the body . Davender Ghai , 70 , a world-renowned charity advocate in Britain , argued the practice is already legal under British law , but he sought clarification in order to hold such cremations in the future . Ghai tested the law in 2006 when he lit the funeral pyre of a man in the northern English county of Northumberland . He was never prosecuted , but the city council in Newcastle , where Ghai lives , promptly ruled funeral pyres illegal . Ghai , currently in India receiving medical treatment for what a spokesman described as debilitating high blood pressure and diabetes , said in a statement that he was saddened by Friday 's verdict and will appeal . He has said he hopes for a traditional cremation when he dies . "  I shall appeal until the very end , in the faith that my dying wish will not go unheard , " said Ghai . "  A matter of such magnitude deserves to be heard by the highest courts in our land and I shall not tire until all legal avenues are exhausted . " Current British law forbids cremation anywhere but in a crematorium . But Ghai points to findings by Judge Andrew Collins when , in 2007 , he determined Ghai 's case was important enough to go to trial . Collins said case law indicates that "  burning of dead bodies in the open is not necessarily unlawful " and that the point is arguable in court . Opponents say open-air cremation is unsanitary and hazardous to health and the environment . Calculations based on U.N. estimates of mortality rates suggest that in India alone , 50 million trees are cut down each year to create funeral pyres , generating more than 8 million tons of carbon dioxide . Ghai has said he believes the practice is a religious right for Hindus , who consider open-air cremations essential to the peace of the soul . Such cremations are sanctioned by Hindu scriptures , according to the Hindu Council UK , which supports Ghai 's case . It says ancient Hindu rites stipulate that the body be cremated by means of a wood-fueled fire in an open-air facility exposed to daylight . "  We want equality , not exceptions , " Ghai states on the Web site for his charity , the Anglo-Asian Friendship Society . "  No one expects Hindus to marry in a church , so why are Hindu funerals shoehorned through Chapels of Rest designed like Anglican churches ? " Allowing open-air cremations in Britain would also save Hindu families money , Ghai says . Many British Hindus still prefer the traditional funeral pyre ritual and choose to ship bodies to India for a proper ceremony , which can cost up to $ 5,000 . Doing it in Britain would cost about a quarter of that amount , Ghai says . Britain 's Ministry of Justice has acknowledged Ghai 's case but does n't offer much hope for his appeal . "  There are inevitably competing views on the appropriate arrangements for disposing of bodies stemming from different views about religion , morals and decency , " it said in a recent statement . "  There 's no plan to change the law on cremation . "	Davender Ghai , 70 , argued the practice is already legal under British law Opponents say it is unsanitary and hazardous to health and the environment Officials : Cremations outside of crematoria are illegal under 1902 Cremation Act Hindus consider open-air cremations essential to the peace of the soul
CNN  -- The proliferation of semiautomatic weapons in the hands of Americans of the types that were used in the Newtown massacre is sometimes framed as a public health issue in the United States . There is considerable merit to the notion of treating gun violence as a public health matter . After all , homicides -- around 70 % of which are accomplished with firearms in the United States according to an authoritative study by the United Nations -- are the 15th leading cause of death for Americans . But framing gun control as a public health issue does n't quite do justice to the problem . It 's probably more or less inevitable that most Americans will die of cancer or a heart attack , but why is it even plausible that so many Americans in elementary schools , colleges , movie theaters and places of worship should die at the hands of young men armed with semiautomatic weapons ? Americans generally regard themselves as belonging to an exceptional nation . And in terms of living in a religiously tolerant and enormously diverse country , Americans can certainly take some justified pride . Will Newtown change America 's attitude toward guns ? That tolerant pluralism was on display Sunday night at the interfaith memorial service for the 27 victims in Newtown , which featured priests from several Christian denominations , clerics of the Muslim and Baha'i faiths as well as a rabbi , a memorial that was led by the country 's first African American president . But there is another side to American exceptionalism that many Americans seem strangely unable to recognize : Americans kill each other with guns at rates that are unheard of in other advanced industrialized countries . Britain , with around a fifth of the population of the United States , had 41 gun murders in 2010 while the States had around 10,000 . The scale of this death toll really resembles a national security problem as much it does a public health issue . Consider that jihadist terrorists have only been able to kill 17 Americans in the United States since 9/11 . Meanwhile , some 88,000 Americans died in gun violence from 2003 and 2010 , according to the U.N. study . That means that in the past decade , an American residing in the United States was around 5,000 times more likely to be killed by a fellow citizen armed with a gun than by a terrorist inspired by Osama bin Laden . Consider also that there are cities in the United States today that exact a higher death toll from violence than the civilian death toll in the war in Afghanistan . Last year , some 3,000 Afghan civilians died in the Afghan War out of a population of 30 million , which makes the civilian death rate from the Afghan war 1 in 10,000 . Yet residents of New Orleans are being killed at a rate that is six times that of Afghan civilians killed in that war . New Orleans had 199 murders last year , or 6 for every 10,000 residents . Washington , D.C. , where I write this from , had 108 murders last year or 2 for every 10,000 residents , making it twice as deadly as the Afghan War is for civilians . The numbers of Americans dying in homicidal gun violence would be even worse if it were n't for the fact that some of the techniques the U.S. military has learned on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan have been imported into American hospitals . So while the number of people seriously injured in gun-related violent incidents has actually gone up almost 50 percent in the past decade , you are more likely to survive a gun shot today than would have been the case even a few years ago , as the Wall Street Journal recently reported . Analysis : Guns and the law The number of deaths caused by semiautomatic pistols and assault rifles are not broken out in tabulations of the total deaths caused by guns in the U.S. , but a recent study by the magazine Mother Jones found that in the 62 mass shootings in the United States carried out during the past three decades the vast majority were carried out with semiautomatic pistols or assault rifles , most of which had been obtained legally . Legislation to control the spread of deadly semiautomatic weapons will not , of course , eliminate such violence . Critics of efforts to tighten gun laws can point to Norway , which has very tough gun control laws , and yet Anders Breivik was able to acquire semiautomatic weapons and kill dozens of people in and around Oslo last year . But Breivik was , in fact , an exceptional case and the murder rate in Norway is still eight times lower than in the U.S. . The Second Amendment is , of course , very much part of the American fabric . But the intent of the founders was that the amendment protected the rights of citizens to bear arms in a militia for their collective self-defense . Today , we are not likely to need to organize local militias for our defense now we have something called the Pentagon . Semiautomatic handguns and semiautomatic assault rifles that fire many rounds in a minute were not envisaged by the founders nor do they do much more to enhance self-defense than an ordinary pistol or rifle . Such semiautomatic weapons also are not much use for hunting deer and the like . But they are very good for killing lots of Americans quickly . Do you own a gun that fell under the now-expired federal weapons ban ? If the murder of 20 small children in Newtown is not an opportunity for the country to challenge the theological position of the gun lobby that the Second Amendment allows pretty much any American to possess military-style weaponry , when will that day ever come ?	Peter Bergen : Gun violence is sometimes called a public health issue in the U.S. He says it also amounts to a national security issue , taking much larger toll than terrorism Civilians are more likely to get killed in some U.S. cities than Afghan civilians are , he says Bergen : Medical techniques taken from Afghan war being used to save civilians in U.S.
