Pretty much everything has changed in U.S.-China relations since Richard Nixon and Premier Zhou Enlai signed the Shanghai Communiqué 40 years ago on February 21 , 1972 . Nixon 's goals were purely geostrategic . By cultivating China , he sought most of all to put pressure on North Vietnam to come to terms to achieve his promised "  peace with honor " there , hopefully before the November election . He also sought , through China , to pressure Moscow to embrace détente and thus put America in the catbird seat in relations with the two communist behemoths . China had different priorities -- most of all , Beijing wanted to stiffen President Nixon 's spine to oppose Soviet aggression and therefore to reduce Moscow 's threat to China . In the 1980s , Beijing got its way with Ronald Reagan , who came into office as an anti-Soviet crusader . Indeed , President Reagan aligned U.S. strategic interests with China so closely that America began military sales to Beijing . But in 1989 everything changed . President George H.W. Bush , just inaugurated and planning to move U.S.-China relations to a new level , saw this goal cut short by the brutal suppression of demonstrators at Tiananmen on June 4 , 1989 . As China transitioned from being America 's darling reforming communist country to being its poster child for communist repression , the Soviet Bloc  and soon afterward , the Soviet Union itself  unraveled . Not only did the Soviet collapse rob U.S.-China relations of their underlying strategic rationale , post-Tiananmen repression in China introduced human rights as a major political factor in the relationship . Every American human rights organization expended much effort in the 1990s to attach China somehow to that agenda and thus increase its own visibility and emotional power . This made it far more difficult to deal with Beijing , especially as the Chinese connected this human rights agenda directly to an American objective to bring down the Communist Party 's rule . The result was deep mutual distrust . Deng Xiaoping in 1992 set the country again on a course of reform to generate rapid growth , which he viewed as critical to maintain the party 's rule . Economics now moved to the center of U.S.-China relations . Where in the 1970s the Nixon administration could ignore China 's horrendous human rights abuses under Mao to achieve American geopolitical ends , starting in the 1990s , America pursued economic gains in China in part with the hope that these would also lay the foundation for democratic evolution there . This took place in the context of overwhelming American economic and technological superiority , further enhanced by the information revolution that America also led . This history highlights a core reality : the U.S.-China relationship has never sustained one rationale or focus for very long . It has periodically adapted to major developments in the international environment and in domestic politics . None of those changes has come easily . Each sowed apprehension , distrust and deep doubts about the future . We are now at another such turning point . Both sides look to the future knowing that we are deeply interdependent but also deeply conflicted economically and have no common strategic enemy to bind us . The people of each country interact on a scale never before achieved , but caricatures often replace realistic images in shaping popular opinions in both countries . Perhaps most challenging , both countries know they can not continue to pursue the economic policies that have worked to date , yet neither is confident that it can make the changes necessary to thrive in the future . In sum , U.S.-China relations now encompass real interdependence but also deep mutual distrust , with unusually large uncertainties about each country 's future prospects -- including the future power balance . Allowing strategic drift at this point will likely lead to our moving further apart , while our degree of success in getting our respective economic houses in order will deeply affect future economic and trade relations . In the absence of a major threat to bind China and the United States , we face the danger of making each other the threat we must guard against . That may prove unavoidable , but it will also achieve , at best , limited and very costly long-term security . This is not the year to look for serious progress . China will witness a 70 % turnover in its top party , government and military bodies in the coming 13 months , and nobody wants to take major new initiatives now . In America , China policy has become a part of the election debate over how to make America bounce back . With Mitt Romney adopting very tough trade and military positions to force China to change its policies , President Obama has committed America to maintain its leadership role in Asia and demanded that China "  play by the rules of the game . " He is establishing a body to rigorously enforce America 's trade rules against "  countries like China . " The net result of the coming 12 months is likely to be deeper distrust in U.S.-China relations . To have the U.S.-China relationship again adapt for the future , therefore , both sides should begin to lay the groundwork to begin serious , long-term engagement as of 2013 around a core topic : What are each country 's core requirements to assure its own overall security in Asia , and how can each side meet those requirements without posing an unacceptable threat to the other ? The economic changes each needs to make are remarkably in the interests of the other , too . To adapt U.S.-China relations for the future in the economic and trade side , we should initiate what will be prolonged and difficult negotiations for a bilateral investment treaty and for a U.S.-China free trade agreement . The negotiating process on both security and economic issues can itself help move policies and sentiments in the right directions . U.S.-China relations have never been smooth , but they have served both countries ' interests very well over the past 40 years . Now they must adapt again , and it is still worth the effort to make this happen . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook	On February 21 , 1972 , President Nixon , China 's Zhou Enlai signed a path-breaking accord Kenneth Lieberthal : Nixon 's opening to China had particular motives for both nations He says concerns have shifted , but U.S. and China need each other more than ever Lieberthal : Letting relationship drift is a recipe for antagonism and security dangers
A federal grand jury investigation has been launched into the West Virginia chemical spill that left 300,000 people unable to use their water supply , CNN learned Tuesday . Sources familiar with the grand jury 's activities tell CNN that subpoenas have been issued requiring testimony for what one federal official confirms is a criminal investigation . Meanwhile , an independent water test conducted at CNN 's request has found trace levels of the chemical 4-methylcyclohexane methanol , or MCHM , remain in both untreated river water and tap water from two homes in Charleston . The results by TestAmerica found the chemical is within the safe level of 1 part per million set by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ; whether that level is safe is disputed . The test result detected MCHM in the river at .42 parts per billion ; residence # 1 at 1.5 parts per billion ; and residence # 2 at 1.6 parts per billion . The amounts in the residences are more than double that found in the river , but still considered a "  trace " amount and within safe limits as set by the CDC . According to a source familiar with the probe , the grand jury investigation has been under way since just after the spill at the Freedom Industries chemical storage facility on the Elk River in Charleston . The spill came to light in early January . On January 9 , more than 7,000 gallons of 4-methylcyclohexane methanol leaked into Charleston 's water supply from a Freedom Industries storage tank . The result was a do-not-use order that left about 300,000 people in the area unable to drink or bathe in their water , some for more than a week . Freedom Industries later told regulators that in addition to the methanol compound that escaped from a ruptured tank , a second chemical -- a mix of polyglycol ethers , known as PPH -- was part of the leak . PPH is not believed to pose any new health hazard for the people of Charleston , the CDC said . But the state environmental agency said failing to accurately report the makeup of the leak is a violation of state law . The CDC said little is known about the health hazards of PPH , but it appears to be less toxic than MCHM and made up about 5 % of the total volume of the leaking tank . "  Given the small percentage of PPH in the tank and information suggesting similar water solubility as MCHM , it is likely that any amount of PPH currently in the water system would be extremely low , " it said . "  However , the water system has not been tested for this material . " Elizabeth Scharman , West Virginia 's poison control director , told CNN last month that MCHM had not been widely studied . "  We do n't know the safety info , how quickly it goes into air , its boiling point , " Scharman said . The chemical is used to wash coal before it goes to market to reduce ash . Exposure to it can cause vomiting , dizziness , headaches , diarrhea and irritated skin , among other symptoms , the American Association of Poison Control Centers and CNN 's previous reporting shows . Another chemical leaked from West Virginia plant , company says New health hazard , same story ?	Tests find trace levels of contaminant remain in West Virginia water Federal grand jury investigates chemical spill The January 9 leak prompted a do-not-use order for up to 300,000 people The chemical spilled into the Elk River from leaking storage tank near water treatment facility
CNN  -- Seven months of marathon training have made my 30-year-old knees feel like those of a person decades older . At times , I 've hobbled down stairs and winced unexpectedly . If I owned a cane , I 'd shake it at the trim women who run past me while pushing strollers full of infants -- and the gazelle-ish teens who spring by at two to three times my running pace . Griping about irritating run-spiration T-shirts that say things such as "  Preserve the Sexy " is a coping mechanism -- a way to distract myself from the somewhat-frightening marathon I signed up to run , like many of you , in response to the Boston Marathon bombing . Until Monday , I wondered if I could finish . That was the day I had a conversation with a Boston bombing victim who , after three surgeries , ran her first marathon a few weeks ago . Before that , I worried about "  Mile 20 , " which is when many runners quit . In most marathon training programs , you do n't run farther than 20 miles before race day . It seems natural to a Woody-Allen brain that Mile 20 should induce panic . How are you supposed to get energy for those extra 6.2 miles , which will take me at least an hour to run ? RELATED : ` Run for Boston ' iReport group All of those complaints and fears seemed so childish after I e-mailed with Lee Ann Yanni , a 32-year-old who was standing near the finish line in Boston in April when the bombs went off . Chips of wood and shrapnel the size of a half-dollar lodged themselves in her leg . Her fibula broke through the skin . Her eardrum popped . The doctors thought she was crazy , she said , when she told them she was going to run the Chicago Marathon . Before the bombing , she signed up for the race in honor of her dad , who died of cancer in October 2012 . Injuries were n't about to change her mind . "  I 'm not letting these fools take my first marathon away from me , " she told the Boston Herald . Three months after the bombing , Yanni walked without crutches . In September , she ran for the first time since the surgeries , which removed the shrapnel , repaired the bone and grafted skin across the bottom part of her leg , pulling the flesh from her thigh . Yanni is a physical therapist in Boston , so she knew what she was up against . "  I know I was n't ready to run , and I said many times that this was the dumbest idea I had ever had , " she wrote to me , "  but no one argued with me . Guess they were smart . " RELATED : I 'm running a marathon for Boston A friend suggested she walk most of the marathon , but Yanni insisted she would run it within the 6 1/2 hour limit . "  I said , ` NO . ' That 's not even an option . It 's not an option not to FINISH . ' " "  My dad fought his cancer for six weeks , " she added , "  and I could suck it up and do whatever it took for 6 or 6 1/2 hours of ` pain . ' He was a fighter , and I knew that it was in me in some form . " The world of running was new to me when I began this process . This spring , two miles stole my breath . I had to do a training program to be able to start the marathon training program . For all their quirks -- the Gu packets , the Band-aided nipples , the overendorphined Instagram feeds -- runners all seem to harness a sense of determination you do n't find in day-to-day cubicle life . It ca n't be a question of whether or not you 'll finish . You will finish . To believe otherwise is to fail , in a sense . I believe that now , but only because I 've heard so many stories like Yanni 's . Earlier this year , I traveled to Oklahoma City to watch Sara Hunt finish the marathon she started in Boston but was cut less than a mile short by the bombing . "  Once I hit the point where I stopped in Boston , I was like , ` No more walking . I 'm running this , ' " she told me . "  This race , this is for Boston . I 'm finishing . " There , I also met Gary Woodbridge , whose wife , Ronota Newberry-Woodbridge , was killed in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing . He ran his first marathon in her honor . "  She always wanted to run a marathon , and I finally lost enough weight where I thought I could try , " he told me . He struggled , but he finished . He had to . RELATED : In OKC , a run to finish what she started When I 'm running the marathon next week in North Carolina , I 'm sure there will be points when I 'll want to give up -- but I wo n't . I 'll have too many stories with me . I 'll think of how Yanni 's husband washed her damaged leg while she held a towel over her face and cried , unable to walk and not wanting to look at the limb . About how she only had run about 11 1/2 miles in her premarathon training . She hit "  the wall , " so to speak , at Mile 22 of her race . "  It was like a wall or a curtain came down , " she said . Everything got hazy . She does n't remember seeing mile markers 23 or 24 . "  My legs started to cramp , but I did n't want to stop and stretch because I was scared I would n't be able to get going again . " She did keep going , of course . "  My advice would be just take it one step at a time , " she wrote . "  We are only a select group of people that make that journey and take the time to achieve such an insane goal . "  Take each mile and savor it . " "  I am glad that I can inspire people , " she added , "  but I just feel like a normal person who loves running and who is wicked stubborn ! ... I was gon na cross that finish line one way or another . " After hearing Yanni 's story , I 'm sure I will , too . I 'd also encourage you to consider signing up for a race -- of any length -- as part of CNN iReport 's Run for Boston group . Hundreds already have pledged to do so . The goal is to show support for the truly brave people such as Yanni and others who are taking steps each day toward recovering from the Boston tragedy . We 're running for them . What are your tips for getting past ` Mile 20 ' ? Share them in the comments section or on Twitter . Tag the tweets #runforboston . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	John Sutter talks with a Boston Marathon bombing survivor "  I was gon na cross that finish line one way or another , " runner says Lee Ann Yanni had three surgeries before running the Chicago Marathon She had signed up for the race before getting injured in the April bombing
One day after executing dozens of non-Muslims at a quarry in Kenya , the Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab waged an attack in its home base of Somalia -- killing at least four people , according to police , in an attack on a United Nations convoy . Three of those killed in Wednesday morning 's attack near Mogadishu 's airport were civilians and another was a security force member , Police Col. Mohamed Hassan said . "  I saw at least two dead bodies lying in a pool of blood on the ground , and police arrived soon at the area and began shooting in the air to disperse the crowds , " a witness named Sharma'arke said by phone from the scene . A plume of black smoke could be seen rising from the airport , which also acts as a staging ground for United Nations operations and for the African Union troops on a peacekeeping mission in Somalia . Two United Nations vehicles were damaged , a U.N. official said , but no U.N. staff members were killed or injured . Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for what spokesman Sheikh Abdiaziz Abu Musab called "  a sacred bomb attack " targeting "  foreign mercenaries and U.N. staff . " Abu Musab said this action had claimed the lives of "  several Somali soldiers and foreigners working with U.N. , " but he did not specify a number of dead or their nationalities . Such violence -- in Somalia and carried out by Al-Shabaab -- is hardly unprecedented . The group has been active in East Africa for years , waging an armed campaign that initially aimed to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . Yet Al-Shabaab , which the United States designated as a foreign terrorist organization in March 2008 , has n't confined its targets to Somali authorities . Its militants have also killed international aid workers , journalists , civilian leaders and African Union peacekeepers . Somali and allied AU forces have pushed back , even forcing Al-Shabaab from its last major stronghold in Barawe in early October , according to residents and military commanders . Yet they have n't stopped the group entirely , as evidenced by a deadly car bombing outside a popular Mogadishu restaurant one week after that milestone . And it 's not as though Al-Shabaab is confining itself to Somalia . The terrorist group -- whose then-leader , Ahmed Godane , pledged allegiance to al Qaeda in 2012 -- has been active elsewhere in Africa as well . Its bombers attacked bars and restaurants in the Ugandan capital of Kampala on the night of the 2010 World Cup final , killing more than 60 people . And last fall , Al-Shabaab militants casually walked into the upscale Westgate Mall in Nairobi , Kenya , and began gunning down shoppers -- allegedly torturing some hostages before killing them . The four-day-long siege ended with as many as 67 dead and parts of the mall destroyed . Last month , authorities said at least 28 died after Al-Shabaab ambushed a bus in Kenya and sprayed bullets on those who failed to recite Quran verses . And on Tuesday , the group 's militants raided a quarry in the Kenyan village of Kormey , near the Somali border , separating non-Muslim workers from their Muslim counterparts and executing them , group spokesman Sheikh Ali Dheere said in a statement read on a pro-Al-Shabaab radio station in Somalia . At least 36 bodies were found dumped in the quarry , according to the Kenyan Red Cross .	Police : 3 of those killed were civilians ; 1 was a security force member Two U.N. vehicles were damaged , but no U.N. personnel were injured Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack , a spokesman for the group says "  Foreign mercenaries " were the terrorists ' target , he adds
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- "  Big Bang Theory " star Kaley Cuoco suffered a big bang when she fell from a horse last weekend , according to her representative . "  She did break her leg , but is expected to make a full recovery , " said Melissa Kates . "  She will not be working this week and there was already a planned hiatus for next week . " Cuoco , 24 , told CNN last month that she keeps horses on her San Fernando Valley , California , ranch . "  I 'm all about the horses , riding , nature and just the quiet side of life , " she said . She plays the lead role of Penny on the CBS hit sitcom . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report	Her rep says Cuoco already planned to be off next week Cuoco said she 's "  all about horses "
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is broadband television network of VICE . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- For the launch of VICE magazine in Mexico , we decided to make an entire issue about Mexico , written entirely by Mexicans . At the same time , we came up with the idea of producing a parallel version of that issue in video for VBS.TV and populate our site with documentaries about Mexico , local artists , local musicians and beautiful Mexican girls for the entire month . Since then , we repeated the same concept when we launched the magazine in Brazil , and we produced an entire month of content about China during the Olympics . Producer Santiago Stelley and I spent a few weeks in Mexico City producing an hour-long documentary about nighttime crime photographers , interviewing some of the best bands and artists in the city and shooting a project about B movies inspired by the lives of drug traffickers . A couple of days before Mother 's Day , I got to spend a few days at an amazing place called Casa Xochiquetzal  The House of the Beautiful Flowers  , a retirement home for older prostitutes in Tepito , one of the sketchiest neighborhoods in the city . I went there with Guillermo Rivero , who wrote the print version of the article , and I produced the documentary version of the same story . The house has a minimum age requirement of 60 and can accommodate up to 45 women . Right now , there are only 23 retired ladies of the night living there . The majority of them continue working , because there are still people who want to pay to have sex with them . See the rest of House of the Setting Sun at VBS.TV We had the opportunity to meet some of the women that live there , such as 86-year-old Reyna , who sang for us and told us stories of her youth , and Lourdes , a childless widow in her 60s who is still turning tricks . We met Canela , a woman in her 80s who was soft spoken and looked incredibly tired . She had stopped working just a few years ago and now sells candies for a living . Finally , we spent some time with Paola , a 61-year-old who is still a sex worker and hopes to continue working for as many years as she can . We ended up spending Mother 's Day with them at what was perhaps the most bittersweet party I 've attended . The women were dancing and eating and drinking punch together , they joked around and seemed to be having a great time . But at some point , Paola started talking to me about her sons , whom she has n't seen in years and never really visit her . She also talked about the kids of many of the other women in the house -- none of them present at this party -- to celebrate motherhood . Most of these women actually ended up becoming prostitutes to support their children as their only means of survival . I think the work that this house and its director Rosalba Rios do -- as weird and unusual as it may seem -- is incredibly valuable . Spending Mother 's Day with these brave women forever changed they way l look at prostitution and without a doubt has been one of the most intense parties I 've ever attended .	VBS.TV visits home for elderly prostitutes in sketchy Mexico City neighborhood Twenty-three women who are 60 or older live in the facility Crew attended bittersweet Mother 's Day party with residents
Former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt was found guilty of the genocide of more than 1,700 indigenous Ixil Mayans during his 1982-83 rule . A three-judge panel issued the verdict Friday , one day after the conclusion of the trial . The court sentenced Rios Montt , 86 , to 80 years in prison . The trial marked the first time a head of state has been tried for genocide by his country 's own judicial system . Yassmin Barrios , the tribunal 's president , read a lengthy review of how the judges reached their verdict before announcing it . The dozens of Ixil witnesses proved that the military killed , tortured and raped the indigenous population . As de facto president , Rios Montt knew atrocities were being committed and did nothing to stop it , Barrios said . Rios Montt 's co-defendant and intelligence chief , Mauricio Rodriguez Sanchez , was absolved . Guatemala confronts a dark chapter The court ordered the former leader go straight to prison , revoking his house arrest . A conclusion of the trial seemed in doubt in the past weeks , as the defense filed multiple challenges in several courts . At one point , one judge annulled the testimony in the trial before it got back on track . "  It 's historic for this country , " Guatemalan political analyst Martin Rodriguez told CNN en Español . "  Surprising , because many of us remain incredulous that Guatemala 's judicial system could handle a trial of this magnitude . " The landmark criminal trial could open the doors for future charges against military officials accused of atrocities during Guatemala 's 36-year civil war . The war did not end until 1996 , leaving more than 200,000 people dead and 1 million as refugees . There will almost certainly be an appeal to Friday 's verdict , Rodriguez said . Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina , who has said that there was no genocide during the civil war , reiterated his position following the verdict . "  Today 's ruling is not set in stone , " Perez Molina told CNN en Español , referring to the expected appeals . His view on genocide is personal , and his government will respect the outcome of the legal system , he said . Perez Molina 's view has an added importance because during the Rios Montt trial , one former soldier implicated him as having ordered attacks on villages during his time as a military commander . "  When I say that here in Guatemala there is no genocide , I say it from my experiences " as commander , he said , denying that there was a conflict of interest in his publicizing his opinion . The important thing to recognize in the verdict , Perez Molina said , is that the judicial system is working in ways it never has before . A trial and conviction of genocide for a former head of state "  was unthinkable just 10 years ago , " he said . While Rios Montt was in power , the military used the threat of leftist rebels as a guise to exterminate Ixil villages accused of harboring insurgents , prosecutors argued . Prosecutors said the campaign led to the genocide of more than 1,700 Ixil Mayans . Rios Montt did not speak in his defense until the last day of the trial , arguing that it was not he , but local commanders , who had control over their territories . "  I never authorized , I never signed , I never proposed , I never ordered these attacks against a people , ethnicity or religion , " Rios Montt said Thursday . The former dictator was not without his supporters , who claim there was no genocide , but a high cost during a bloody civil war . Human rights groups hailed the verdict . "  With this conviction , Guatemala leads by example in a region where entrenched impunity for past crimes sadly remains the norm , " Sebastian Elgueta , Guatemala researcher at Amnesty International , said . "  Guatemala must now follow up on this historic moment by ensuring that all those who took part in the murder , torture , rape and disappearance of tens of thousands of people are brought to justice . " The verdict also has implications for the United States ' role in Guatemala during Rios Montt 's rule . When Rios Montt became president , human rights violations had already prompted the United States to cut off aid to the Guatemalan government . But a political scandal in the United States in the 1990s revealed that in fact the Central Intelligence Agency continued to provide money to Guatemalan military intelligence sources for years during the civil war . Now-declassified secret CIA cables indicate the United States had knowledge of the atrocities being committed against the Ixil Mayans but did little about them . Then-U.S. President Ronald Reagan went as far as to say that Rios Montt was being given a "  bum rap " by critics . At the same time , the United States was backing other strongmen in Latin America against leftists . Responding to Friday 's verdict , the State Department noted the importance of a "  strong and transparent justice system as an essential component of democracy , " according to a statement from spokesman William Ostick . "  We see an opportunity for progress toward a true reconciliation in Guatemala , an essential step for the Guatemalan people to continue moving forward as everyone hopes , " Ostick said .	The U.S. notes the importance of a strong , transparent justice system Efrain Rios Montt was convicted of genocide and crimes against humanity He was sentenced to 80 years in prison ; his co-defendant was absolved Guatemalan president insists there was no genocide
An imposing ancient floor mosaic depicting a man driving a chariot drawn by horses and led by the Greek messenger god Hermes is the latest in a series of remarkable finds archaeologists have unearthed in the largest ancient tomb found in Greece , at Amphipolis in the country 's north . As experts try to get to the heart of this complex and delicate structure , excavation works have revealed the large floor mosaic , 10-feet wide and 15-feet long , full of tiny pebbles of white , black , blue , red and yellow . Other finds inside the tomb include two magnificent caryatids , sculpted female figures like those found at the Acropolis in Athens . Each figure has one arm stretched , as if to keep intruders out of the main chamber . With every find revealing the further wealth of the tomb , excitement grows as to who was buried at the site . Dating from the fourth century BC , obvious links lead to Alexander the Great . Some say it may be the king 's wife , Roxane , or his mother , Olympias . And while historic accounts show that Alexander is buried elsewhere , his tomb has not been found , fueling further speculation . Since the excavation began in August , hundreds of tourists and local day-trippers have flocked to Amphipolis hoping to catch a glimpse of the site , while local media are filled with lengthy reports of the archaeologists progress . Bets and sweepstakes have also appeared to guess the occupant of the tomb , some less serious than others , with names like "  Indiana Jones " popping up . A visit to the site by Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras , who has described it as very important , has increased local certainty about the significance of the tomb . Despite what historians say , there are many who argue that only Alexander could be buried in such opulence . The government is warning against unfounded reports but at the same time continues fueling public interest , with almost daily reports from Amphipolis on state broadcaster Nerit . Broadsheet Kathimerini in an article this week wondered whether the "  Amphipolis Syndrome " is largely a product of the financial crisis that the country has been experiencing for the last six years . The crisis "  did not only dry social funds and pockets but also revealed a cultural deficit , " the newspaper said . It questioned whether this is an attempt to restore Greece 's tarnished image and boost national pride and morale that includes elements of a strategy that will see the government 's popularity increase at a time when polls put ruling New Democracy 10 percentage points behind the main opposition , leftist Syriza . There is such a wealth of heritage in Greece , often referred to as "  the cradle of civilization , " that there is no denying that antiquity remains one of its strongest cards , and with tourism being its second largest moneymaker after shipping , the country is keen to promote it further . Only days ago at a presentation at the Archaeological Museum of Greece 's second city , Thessaloniki , a team of Greek experts confirmed that bones found in a royal tomb at Vergina , also close to Amphipolis , are those of the Macedonian King Philip II , Alexander the Great 's father . As Greece looks to the past to move forward at a time of crisis , it is also preparing to bring back to the limelight a cultural cause celebre , that of the Parthenon marbles housed at the British Museum in London . Greece says they were removed illegally and is asking for their repatriation . Three prominent lawyers have arrived in Greece for talks with the government to explore the legal route for the marbles ' return . And there are few people who are likely to attract more attention than the youngest of the three , 36-year-old Amal Alamuddin , who recently became Mrs. George Clooney after marrying the Hollywood star in Venice . The Oscar-winning actor took the audience by surprise when he called on Britain to return the marbles to Greece in February during a news conference for his film "  The Monuments Men , " which deals with the recovery of artworks stolen by the Nazis . Responding to a question by a Greek reporter , he said , "  I think you have a very good case to make about your artifacts . " Alamuddin has been involved in the issue since 2011 , yet her high-profile visit , her first public viewing since her marriage with Clooney , is expected to further raise international interest in Greece 's antiquity .	There is speculation the find in northern Greece is related to Alexander the Great Large floor mosaic is latest treasure to be uncovered at Amphipolis Find could boost tourism that could help troubled Greek economy
CNN  -- Hours after being released from custody , the daughter of a prominent Bahraini human rights activist was feared to be detained again early Sunday , her family said . Zainab al-Khawaja called her mother Sunday morning , telling her in a brief conversation that she was at a Manama police station and asking for a lawyer to be sent there , the woman 's husband , Wafi Almajed , told CNN around 2:30 a.m. Sunday  7:30 p.m. ET Saturday  . The call was the first her family had heard from her in hours since she went to the military hospital where her father , Abdulhadi al-Khawaja , is receiving care while he is on a prolonged hunger strike . Abdulhadi al-Khawaja is protesting the life sentence he received for his role in the anti-government unrest that continues to embroil his country . Sunday marks the 60th day of his hunger strike . The Bahrain Center for Human Rights -- a group Abdulhadi al-Khawaja founded -- said the man had recently called his family , saying he had been mistreated by guards and hospital staff . According to the group , he 'd threatened his guards that he would stop drinking water , in addition to continuing his hunger strike , unless his treatment improved . Zainab al-Khawaja went to the military hospital Saturday , to try to see her father , the rights group said . Her attempted visit was her second in three days and came just hours after she was released from custody for entering a restricted area in her first attempt Thursday . Her first attempt came after seeing a picture of her father with no shirt -- looking thin and frail since his detention . Zainab al-Khawaja said she ran to the Interior Ministry complex where he was then being held and called out his name . The Interior Ministry said she was arrested Thursday night for being in a restricted area "  in which standing is prohibited . " The ministry also said she "  attacked an on-duty public employee . " She was released Saturday . Mohammed Al Jishi , lawyer for both father and daughter , expressed concerns that Abdulhadi al-Khawaja could soon die . However , Bahrain government spokesman Abdul-Aziz al Khalifa told CNN Saturday that al-Khawaja was receiving "  the utmost care that is available " and was seen "  very recently " by international human rights organizations . "  Mr. al-Khawaja is in stable care . He has been provided the best medical care , " al Khalifa said , adding that the hunger striker has been observed around the clock by three doctors -- one , Danish -- for the past three weeks . Al-Khawaja lived in Denmark and holds Danish citizenship . His family learned Friday that , on that same day , al-Khawaja was being moved to a military hospital because his condition was deteriorating , Al Jishi said . Al Khalifa said al-Khawaja 's appeal is scheduled for April 23 and he will get his day in court then . Meanwhile , Bahrain 's foreign minister said he has received a written message from his Danish counterpart requesting a transfer for Abdulhadi al-Khawaja to Denmark . Bahraini authorities said they were examining the request . Al-Khawaja was arrested last April for his role in anti-government demonstrations in February and March . In June , he and seven other Shiite opposition activists were found guilty of plotting to overthrow the country 's Sunni royal family . The Interior Ministry 's general inspector said that "  all policies and procedures of the prison facilities in Bahrain meet international human rights standards , and all detainees have consistent and reliable access to professional medical care , " according to a statement from Maj. Gen. Tariq H. Al Hasan , a spokesman for the ministry . On March 30 , the government reported that Abdulhadi al-Khawaja had low blood pressure and was taken to Bahrain Defense Force Hospital , where he was treated and returned to Jau Prison the following day . Records showed that al-Khawaja had lost about 10 kilograms  22 pounds  and had a low hemoglobin level , though not critically low , the government said . He was also reportedly taking fluids , mineral supplements , glucose and juice on a daily basis . Demonstrators and Bahraini authorities have continued to clash in recent months , with the opposition accusing the government of using heavy-handed tactics .	NEW : Al-Khawaja 's daughter is at a police station and asked for a lawyer , her husband says NEW : She was previously released from custody on Saturday She was trying to visit her father , Abdulhadi al-Khawaja , on a hunger strike for 60 days Al-Khawaja , a rights advocate , got a life sentence for his role in anti-government unrest
CNN  -- It 's that time of year when colleges around the country show off the people who will offer the last lesson to soon-to-be graduates : the commencement speakers . This year , some universities drew on famous alumni : The University of New Hampshire featured 1992 New Hampshire graduate Jennifer Lee , the Oscar-winning screenwriter and director of Disney 's hit film "  Frozen . " Shonda Rhimes , creator of "  Grey 's Anatomy " and "  Scandal , " told graduates of her alma mater , Dartmouth College , that it 's impossible to do it all , but it 's still worth doing as much as they can . "  Volunteer some hours . Focus on something outside yourself . Devote a slice of your energies towards making the world suck less every week , " Rhimes said . "  Some people suggest doing this will increase your sense of well-being . Some say it 's good karma . I say that it will allow you to remember that , whether you are a legacy or the first in your family to go to college , the air you are breathing right now is rare air . Appreciate it . " Other schools competed for high-profile speakers like President Barack Obama , who spoke at University of California-Irvine in June after receiving 10,000 postcards from the community asking him to attend . First lady Michelle Obama spoke at Dillard University in New Orleans , as well as a high school senior recognition ceremony in Topeka , Kansas , and a college access program in Washington . President Obama used part of his speech at University of California-Irvine to address climate change , calling lawmakers and pundits who deny manmade climate change a "  fairly serious threat to everybody 's future . " "  Progress wo n't always be flashy . It will be measured in disasters averted , and lives saved , and a planet preserved -- and days just like this one , 20 years from now , and 50 years from now , and 100 years from now , " he said . "  But can you imagine a more worthy goal -- a more worthy legacy -- than protecting the world we leave to our children ? " The gallery above shows some high-profile commencement speakers that grads are hearing from this spring . Who was your graduation speaker ? Share your memories in the comments , on Twitter @CNNschools or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	Every year , colleges compete for memorable college commencement speakers President Barack Obama spoke about climate change at University of California-Irvine Sean Combs , Shonda Rhimes and Jennifer Lee spoke at schools they attended
CNN  -- Rwanda officially closed on Monday its village tribunals overseeing the prosecution of suspects in a 1994 genocide that left 800,000 dead , marking the end of more than a decade of local court prosecutions . Government officials gathered in Kigali over the weekend to formally mark the closure of the courts , known as the gacacas , which closed the last of its cases earlier this month . "  What these courts achieved went beyond anyone 's expectations . They administered justice and united Rwandans at the same time , " Rwanda President Paul Kagame said in a statement posted on the gacacas website . "  These courts were evidence of our ability to find solutions to challenges that seemed insurmountable . " The closing of the gacacas came on the heels of the last of the criminal prosecutions related to the genocide by the International Criminal Court , though appeals of ICC findings are expected to go through 2014 . according to the ICC The leaders and masterminds of the genocide were tried by the criminal courts and the ICC , and civilians who contributed to attacks or loss of life directly or indirectly were sent to gacacas . Gacaca courts were introduced in the central African nation after the April 1994 genocide . The victims were mostly from the Tutsi ethnic minority , who were targeted by Hutus over a rivalry that dates to colonial days . Some moderates from the Hutu majority who supported Tutsis were also killed . The gacacas were originally formed to resolve minor disputes among villagers but were reinvented to hand out justice to the perpetrators of the genocide and help fast-track reconciliation efforts in the broken nation . The nation 's justice system and the International Criminal Tribunal set up to try genocide suspects were overwhelmed , and handling all the cases in those courts would have taken hundreds of years , according to the president . Gacacas hearings were held in open fields in neighborhoods where the attacks occurred . There were no lawyers and no judges in robes . A panel of local villagers with no legal experience conducted the proceedings . More than 1.5 million cases were heard by the gacacas , according to estimates . Critics of the gacacas said they did not meet international standards for a fair trial , while others said it exposed victims who testified to revenge attacks . But proponents of the system , which allows a victim to address the tribunal , said it reduced prison congestion and allowed survivors to hear first-hand what happened to their family members who were killed . CNN 's Faith Karimi and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Rwanda established village tribunals , known as the gacacas , to oversee cases Gacacas courts were established to ease the burden on criminal court prosecutions The gacacas handled more than 1.5 million cases related to the 1994 genocide The genocide in Rwanda left more 800,000 dead
CNN  -- U.S soccer star Robbie Rogers has "  come out " as gay on the day he retired from the game Friday . The former Columbus Crew winger represented America on 18 occasions , including at the 2008 Beijing Olympics . But Rogers , who was released from his deal by second-tier club Leeds United last summer before taking up a spot with third-tier Stevenage , revealed on his blog that he is homosexual and keen to seek a life away from football . "  Secrets can cause so much internal damage , " Rogers wrote on his blog . "  People love to preach about honesty , how honesty is so plain and simple . Try explaining to your loved ones after 25 years you are gay . "  Try convincing yourself that your creator has the most wonderful purpose for you even though you were taught differently . "  I always thought I could hide this secret . Football was my escape , my purpose , my identity . Football hid my secret , gave me more joy than I could have ever imagined . Soccer 's last taboo : Why gay players stay in the closet "  I will always be thankful for my career . I will remember Beijing , The MLS Cup , and most of all my teammates . I will never forget the friends I have made a long the way and the friends that supported me once they knew my secret . "  Now is my time to step away . It 's time to discover myself away from football . It 's 1 A.M. in London as I write this and I could not be happier with my decision . "  Life is so full of amazing things . I realized I could only truly enjoy my life once I was honest . "  Honesty is a b **** but makes life so simple and clear . My secret is gone , I am a free man , I can move on and live my life as my creator intended . " Rogers ' announcement has seen former teammates flock to show their support , with U.S. international defender Oguchi Onyewu , tweeting : "  Extremely proud of the courage from @robbierogers . Truth is not always easy to display , but truly strong people always find a way #RESPECT " U.S. midfielder Stuart Holden added on Twitter : "  Much love and respect to my boy @robbierogers ! Proud to be your friend bro . " Rogers ' retirement means there are still no openly gay players participating in professional football in Europe with the exception of Swedish-based Anton Hysen . ` Brave ' cricketer Davies reveals he is gay It was hoped that Hysen 's coming out , which attracted headlines the world over in March 2011 , would pave the way for other gay footballers to take similar steps . But not since the tragic loss of Justin Fashanu has a top-flight league witnessed an openly gay professional football player . Fashanu , who committed suicide in 1998 , became the first # 1 million black player in the history of English football when he signed for Nottingham Forest in 1981 . While at Forest , constant rumors and speculation surrounded his private life with concocted allegations of affairs with Conservative MPs . Thomas relief after admitting he is gay With the rumors continuing throughout his career , he finally came out in 1990 and continued to play for a whole host of lower league clubs . "  You have to understand , " he said in an interview before his death , "  that footballers are very narrow minded people . It 's the nature of the business . When you put yourself in the firing line , you are open to attack . I know I 'm there to be shot down in flames . " Following his passing , one particular group of fans would recite the chant : "  He 's gay , he 's dead , he 's hanging in a shed , Fashanu , Fashanu . " Expert : Use gay slurs controversy to tackle homophobia in sports While there has been huge progress since those dark days , the presence of homophobia in football has not been extinguished . Only this week , police launched an investigation into allegations that a Blackburn Rovers footballer made homophobic gestures towards Brighton fans during an English second division match . View : Hi-res gallery of openly gay athletes Brighton , which is situated on the south coast , has a large gay population and its fans are often targeted with homophobic chants . "  I think there 's a big culture shift needed within football from the grassroots to the top of the game , " Louise Englefield of FootballvHomophobia told CNN "  The top of the game is a symptom of a much wider issue about lack of awareness and ignorance around the ability of gay men to participate and excel at football "  When you 've got a lack of gay players at the top level , then it 's easy for that environment to be quite negative . "  I imagine there are players who are reticent to come out . " Opinion : Why the fuss about gay marriage ? While other sports have embraced their gay stars , such as John Amaechi in basketball , Martina Navratilova in tennis and Gareth Thomas in rugby , football has yet to move with the times . Off the field , the UK Parliament backed a bill to legalize gay marriage earlier this month as society continues to move forward . And while football has yet to move with the times , progress is being made . Premier League and Football League clubs in the UK have created several initiatives to combat homophobia , working alongside charities such as HvF . "  Within football , people do n't understand the seriousness of homophobia , " added Englefield . "  The things fans shout at players , they believe it 's not hurting them and they do n't care if they 're gay or not . "  Homophobia is used to put players down and it 's a way of deriding players . That 's cultural all the way through football and happens in other sports . "  When a player gives a pass away or falls over , fans use homophobia abuse to put them down and it 's that which we want to stop . "  One of our key things is changing chanting in the stadium . Stop and think before you chant . " Liverpool youngster Suso fined for calling teammate ` gay ' A particular success story in England has been the creation of the GFSN Gay National League , where "  gay friendly " teams compete on a regular basis . Rogers ' story has been met with admiration from fellow gay football players , but his retirement from the game means that the community is still waiting for a player to come out and continue playing . "  The great pity with Robbie is that he felt it was an ` either or choice , ' " Scott Lawley , who plays for Nottingham Ball Bois in the GFSN Gay National League told CNN . "  Reading his blog , it felt as if he thought he had no choice but to quit football if he wanted come out . "  He could have easily retired without coming out but he 's been very brave and hopefully set us in the right direction . "  He has n't forced us to the point where a gay man runs out in front of 30,000 people to play football "  And the fact that no professional player has come out in recent years means there are still issues to deal with . "  But we will come to that day when we do have openly gay players in the top divisions and we 're moving in the right direction . "	U.S. soccer player Robbie Rogers has "  come out " as gay and retired from the game The 25-year-old had been playing in England with third-tier Stevenage until recently He wrote on his blog : "  Try explaining to your loved ones after 25 years you are gay " Former teammates give their support following announcement
CNN  NASA 's tractor-trailer sized Dawn spacecraft will snuggle up to Ceres on Friday , getting close enough to be pulled into orbit and to complete the first mission to a dwarf planet . "  I 'm just delighted that Dawn is now on the doorstep of Ceres , " Jim Green , director of NASA 's planetary science division said in a news conference on Monday . Dawn is expected to begin orbiting Ceres around 7:20 a.m. ET , but NASA says it may take an hour or two to confirm it . Ceres was discovered in 1801  Pluto was n't found until 1930  and was the first object found in our solar system 's main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter . It 's about 310 million miles from Earth and was initially classified as planet , then later demoted to an asteroid , only to be reclassified again as a dwarf planet . The early images from Dawn already have mission scientists excited . "  Ceres has really surprised us , " said Carol Raymond , Dawn 's deputy principal investigator . "  The first images have produced some really puzzling features . " One of the puzzles -- two bright white spots that showed up in photographs taken by Dawn in February . "  These spots were extremely surprising to the team , and they have been puzzling to the team and to everybody who 's seen them . " The spots are in a 57-mile wide  92 kilometer  crater . The spot in the center of the crater is about twice as bright as the spot on the side of the crater . "  This extreme brightness was really unexpected , " Raymond said . The Dawn team is "  really , really excited about this feature because it is unique in the solar system . " Raymond says the brightness is consistent with highly reflective materials such as ice or salts . This might help add more credence to a discovery made in 2014 by ESA 's Herschel infrared space observatory . The telescope detected water vapor around Ceres coming from the same area where the spots are located . "  It might be related to that water vapor emission , " Raymond said . Herschel 's scientists also said their research showed Ceres has an atmosphere . Raymond said her team is keen to confirm that . Scientists expect to learn more as Dawn is gradually lowered to about 235 miles above the surface of Ceres in December . "  The mystery will be solved , " she said . But Ceres seems to have lots of oddities . "  We see many strange features , " Raymond said . "  We see smooth areas , some areas that are chaotically fractured and we see craters of all sizes . " One of the other things scientists noticed is how round Ceres is . Being round is very important because it is the main characteristic of a planet -- a title that Ceres had -- then lost . Ceres was demoted to an asteroid because 19th century astronomers could n't be sure it was round . But it was bumped up to a dwarf planet when that category was created in 2006 . According to the International Astronomical Union -- the group that came up with the definition -- a dwarf planet is similar to the eight main planets  Mercury , Venus , Earth , Mars , Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune  except it has a lot of other stuff orbiting with it around the sun . The IAU recognizes five dwarf planets : Eris , Pluto , Ceres , Makemake and Haumea . Scientists say there could be many more of these small worlds that have n't been discovered . Dawn was launched on September 27 , 2007 , from Cape Canaveral , Florida . Its journey has taken it past Mars and on a short layover at the asteroid Vesta . On Friday , Dawn will make its closest approach yet to Ceres , flying about 25,000 miles from it , according to Robert Mase , project manager for the Dawn mission at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California . "  That 's about 10 times closer than the moon is to the Earth , " he said . But the beautiful images coming in from Dawn will stop for awhile . "  We 're now on the dark side , so we 're going to have a blackout for about the next month until we get back over toward the lit side of the body , " he said . But he says the "  floodgates will open " when its main science mission starts in April . Dawn will stay in orbit around Ceres for years , even after its primary mission ends in June 2016 . But at some point , it will run out of hydrazine , the fuel used to guide the spacecraft . Between now and then -- mission managers hope Dawn will help solve the mysteries of Ceres and add to our knowledge of how our solar system formed .	NASA 's Dawn spacecraft arrives Friday at Ceres The spacecraft is the first to visit a dwarf planet
CNN  -- Miles Craigwell is a 21st-century warrior . The armor has come off , the helmet lays on the side of the field . Gone are his gridiron days -- this is rugby sevens and it 's as fast as it is brutal . "  We 're modern-day gladiators , " the 27-year-old told CNN 's Rugby Sevens Worldwide show . "  We are out there fighting , we are brotherhood , together , we 're teammates . We hit each other for one another and we have each others ' backs , so I think that sums it up very much . " Craigwell knows all about being in a battle -- after an impressive college career at Brown University , he was tipped for big things when he was drafted by the Miami Dolphins . But after failing to make the grade and with his life at a crossroads , he moved back to Boston where a chance glance at a television changed everything . "  I just happened to be in a diner and I saw the rugby on TV , " he said . "  And then , right then and there I called my agent and told him , this is the sport I want to do . "  Football was n't working out at the time and I did n't want to go into the corporate 9-5 just yet . "  I felt like I still had athletic bones in me . So I saw it and I was like , you know , it involves a lot of things that football does ; running , tackling , hitting . Just using your speed and physicality . "  So I called up my agent , told him to get in touch with the USA coach , and then from there I was welcomed to try out with his summer club team , and then from the club team I went to nationals , and then from there got invited to the USA camp . " Since making the switch in 2010 , Craigwell has not looked back , becoming an integral part of the U.S. team -- which is seeking to break into the sport 's top-10 rankings -- despite his late entry into the game . But while some of the skills he gained in gridiron have helped him adapt , Craigwell still ca n't get over how different the game is from the one he witnessed in the comfort of that Boston diner . "  It was definitely appealing on TV but in real life it was more than I expected , " he explained . "  The fitness levels necessary was beyond my imagination . I ran track and played football in college at the collegiate level , and coming off of the rugby pitch you 're more drained and more tired than any other sport I 've participated in . "  I 'd say football has the hardest hit because you wear a helmet and shoulder pads -- people think they 're invincible . "  But it 's going to hurt on the rugby pitch as well because you do n't have any padding . It 's flesh to flesh , so whatever you work out and whatever you have , whatever God 's given to you and whatever you make in the gym is going to help you out on the pitch . "  So it 's imperative that you work out , you lift and go out there with your best birthday suit on . " One of the biggest differences Craigwell encountered was the speed of the game and the levels of concentration . Sevens is a non-stop sport , with games divided into seven-minute halves -- a world away from the stop-start nature of the NFL . "  In football it 's really just three or four seconds of concentration , " he said . "  But in rugby it 's the full seven minutes so you 're hitting someone here , then you have to get up , then you might have to hit the next person who has the ball -- it 's just continual play . "  Whereas in football you have water breaks , you have timeouts , TV timeouts and then you go from offense to defense and vice versa . "  You have to be skilled in both attack and defense in rugby , which is pretty different from football , where you might just focus on offense or you might just focus on defense . " While his friends and family might not have caught up yet with all the new rules and changes , Craigwell says he has been given a huge amount of support following his decision . With the sevens circuit set to arrive in Las Vegas on January 24 , the winger is hoping the tournament will capture the imagination of the locals -- although he 's already looking forward to a night out in "  Sin City . " "  The Vegas tournament is great , " he said . "  I mean it 's Vegas -- what more do you need ? "  What better attraction do you need to get out there and go ? "  We have a great following in the States and everybody loves to go to Vegas , so it 's a really good tournament . It 's one of my best . "	Miles Craigwell plays rugby sevens for the United States He was drafted by NFL team Miami Dolphins after college Craigwell failed to make the grade and took up rugby instead U.S. welcomes sevens circuit to Las Vegas in January
CNN  -- Police in Dresden , Germany , say they have arrested a 55-year-old police officer on suspicion of murdering and butchering a man he met on a cannibalism website . The two men met on Zambian Meat , an Internet chat forum where people discuss their sexual and cannibalistic fantasies . Text messages and online chats revealed that the 59-year-old victim from Hanover asked to be killed , police said . Dresden Police Chief Dieter Kroll said at a news conference : "  The victim had been fantasizing about being killed and eaten since his youth . " Marko Laske , a police spokesman , said : "  Our investigations have just begun , and we can not confirm rumors yet that the suspect has eaten parts of the victim or that it was a sexually motivated act . " There is no evidence that the suspect ate body parts , and he denied doing so , Laske said . The arrested man works for Saxony 's State Office of Criminal Investigation in the forensics department . He was known as an "  inconspicuous and normal colleague , " police said . Police did not name the suspect . German media are identifying him as "  Detlev G. " After having been in contact for months through chat , e-mail , telephone and text , the men agreed to meet on November 4 . They met at Dresden 's main train station , police and prosecutors said , and shortly after went to a guesthouse in the Ore Mountains that belongs to the alleged killer . The police officer is believed to then have killed , tortured and dismembered the man , and buried his body parts on the land around his guesthouse . The victim was reported missing in November . The police officer gave a partial confession by admitting that he killed the man from Hanover . He did not reveal his motive . The police officer was arrested two days ago while on duty . "  It is an utterly extraordinary case . For an unusual case with such wide repercussions , it will take a while to find out the truth about what really happened and why he did it , " Laske said . In 2001 , Armin Meiwes was arrested for killing and eating a voluntary victim he met on the Internet . Meiwes posted an advertisement on the Cannibal Cafe website , looking for a young man for "  slaughter and consumption . " His victim , Bernd Brandes , reportedly agreed to be butchered alive before being killed and eaten . Meiwes , who captured the killing on video , was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison .	A German policeman is accused of murdering and dismembering a man The 55-year-old policeman met the victim on a cannibalism website , police say The victim , 59 , reportedly "  had been fantasizing about being killed and eaten since his youth " The policeman is believed to have killed the man at a house and buried his body parts
Barack Obama actually looks like he 's having fun being President . The commander-in-chief showed the world an unfamiliar face in a punchy end-of-year news conference Friday . He said he was energized and excited , and his bouncy body language suggested he was telling the truth . Obama 's mood offered a surprisingly upbeat end to a gruesome political year , in which he grappled with fast moving crises overseas and watched Democrats lose the Senate and move further into the minority in the House . Republicans will take full control of Congress next month for the first time in nearly a decade , pledging to block most of Obama 's goals during his final two years in office . But Obama did n't seem too fussed . "  I am energized , " he said . "  I am excited about the prospects for the next couple of years . " The press conference was n't entirely light . He lashed out at North Korea , lifted the lid on his phone call with Cuba 's President Raul Castro , and expressed confidence that the Americans could work together to make progress toward healing racial divides . But he joked around with the White House press corps , after taking pot shots at scandal-driven news coverage for much of his presidency , and made waves by taking questions exclusively from female reporters . Underlying Obama 's message was a clear and deliberate attempt to lift the country 's mood after a six-year trudge back from the worst economic slump since the 1930s and with American power assailed as never before by rising states , stubborn foes and terror groups abroad . "  We 've gone through difficult times , " Obama said but added , "  through persistent effort , and faith in the American people , things get better . The economy 's gotten better . " "  Part of what I hope , as we reflect on the new year , this should generate , is some confidence . America knows how to solve problems . When we work together , we ca n't be stopped . " The President appeared to justify a growing media narrative that this so-called lame duck feels liberated now he is not beholden to Democrats facing tough elections . In just the past few weeks , he 's decided to bypass Congress on issues like immigration reform and normalizing relations with Cuba . "  My presidency is entering the fourth quarter . Interesting stuff happens in the fourth quarter . And I am looking forward to it , " Obama said . The president 's blithe confidence , however , likely infuriated Republicans who are laying plans to subject his presidency to unprecedented scrutiny next year . The GOP contends that much of what Obama has done by wielding his executive power in recent months is illegal and flouts the Constitution , and has left the United States less safe at home and abroad . Obama was at his most caustic as he took swipes at North Korea , which he mocked for hacking into computers of Sony in a massive cyberattack because it was outraged by a film that depicts an assassination plot against its leader , Kim Jong-Un . But he also bluntly told Sony it had done the wrong thing by canceling showings of the film "  The Interview , " saying it was unwise to bow to dictators -- especially those who he said need to be "  offended . " "  We can not have a society where some dictator someplace can start imposing censorship here in the United States , " Obama warned . "  Let 's not get into that way of doing business . " The President also made clear that he would respond to the cyberattack "  forcefully " and at a time of his choosing but did n't specifically say what he would do . Obama opened the 50-minute session with a ` Morning in America " moment -- making his most explicit case yet that his leadership has led the nation out of the darkness of economic pain to sunnier times . "  Take any metric you want . America 's resurgence is real . We are better off , " Obama said told journalists , before he leaves wintry Washington for his annual vacation in his balmy home state of Hawaii . ` We are better positioned than we have been for a very long time , " said Obama who has for years been reluctant to publicly tout his achievements on the economy because the recovery has been uneven and so many Americans have been left behind . "  We are better positioned than we have been in a very long time , and the future is ready to be written . We 've set the stage for this American moment , " Obama said . The President rattled off a string of economic success , proclaiming he had created "  more jobs , more people insured , a growing economy , shrinking deficits , bustling industry , booming energy . " "  America knows how to solve problems , " he said . He also sought to try to extricate himself from the aura of crisis that has stifled his administration for much of a year marked by the rise of ISIS in the Middle East and the horror of Ebola in west Africa and racial tension everywhere from Ferguson , Missouri , to New York . "  Yes , there were crises that we had to tackle around the world -- many that were unanticipated , " Obama said . "  We have more work to do to make sure our economy , our justice system and our government work not just for the few but the many . But there is no doubt we can enter into the new year with renewed confidence that America is making significant strides where it counts . " Despite feuding with the GOP for much of his administration , Obama offered some home that he and his foes will be able to get something done . He said tax reform was one area where he and the GOP could get together . But he showed no sign of compromise on the Keystone XL pipeline which would carry oil from Canada 's tar sands to the Gulf of Mexico , which Republicans leaders have said will be the first order of business in January . He said the project , which environmentalists say will worsen global warming , is "  not even going to be a nominal benefit to U.S. consumers . " Obama did n't threaten to veto a bill that would take approval of the 1,179-mile , pipeline out of the State Department 's hands but said Republicans should work with him to create jobs if they were so concerned about employment . The President also defended his bombshell announcement this week that he would end a half-century of estrangement with Cuba by establishing diplomatic relations and seeking to expand trade and travel to the communist island . "  I do n't anticipate overnight changes . But what I know deep in my bones is that if you 've done the same thing for 50 years and nothing 's changed , you should try something different if you want a different outcome , " he said . "  Suddenly Cuba is open to the world in ways that it has not been before . " Republicans , including potential 2016 presidential hopefuls Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio reacted angrily to Obama 's move , saying he had rewarded a brutal dictatorship and ignored the need to promote human rights . Obama again proved himself more open to talking more freely about race than he had in his first term , reflecting on what needed to be done after several young men died in confrontations with white police officers , sparking mass protests and a consuming national debate . "  This is n't a situation where people feel good seeing somebody choked and dying , " he said . "  I think that troubles everybody . So there 's an opportunity for all of us to come together and take a practical approach to these problems . " Obama largely steered clear of some of the intractable foreign crises that have exhausted his White House in recent weeks , including the rise of ISIS , the vicious civil war in Syria and the worst showdown with Russia since the end of the Cold War . Instead , he appeared to be in an almost mischievous mood . He teased several top network television correspondents in the front row that they were n't on the list of questioners handed him by spokesman Josh Earnest because "  you 've been naughty . " And when one reporter reeled off a long list of questions , Obama jabbed with a smile "  do I have to write all these down ? " Often in presidential news conferences . Obama 's answers become drawn out and labored , like the lectures of the law professor he once was . But his responses on Friday were often snappy and precise , reflecting his cheerful mood . Then , after 50 minutes and eight questions , he was off , with the surf and sand of his home state beckoning . He put the turbulent political year of 2014 behind him , wishing reporters "  Mele Kalikimaka " or Merry Christmas in Hawaiian .	President says he is energized and excited Obama chides Sony for caving to pressure from North Korea Takes questions from women journalists
CNN  -- The top ski destinations know that pleasing the downhill crowd is only part of the snow-filled picture . After all , in the United States alone winter at ski resorts is a $ 6 billion a year industry , according to the National Ski Areas Association . Mountain biking , Frisbee , golf and zip line adventures are a few activities popular at ski resorts during the "  green " season , but what 's a non-skier to do when the landscape is white ? If you 've had your fill of snowmobiling , sleigh riding and tubing , here 's a smattering of extraordinary pastimes for non-skiers at some of the premier U.S. ski meccas . 7 swanky hotels on the U.S. slopes ALTERNATE ADVENTURES Snowkiting in Dillon : If you prefer waterskiing to snow skiing , do n't shy away from Colorado 's triple-threat of Breckenridge , Keystone and Arapahoe Basin ski resorts â $ " even if it 's the middle of winter . In a location centrally located to the three ski areas , Colorado KiteForce is replacing downhill thrills with a new winter sport sure to get your adrenaline pumping . It involves a frozen lake , but no ice skates . Instead , strap skis or a snowboard on your feet and let kite power pull you across the frozen tundra of the Dillon Reservoir . It 's like windsurfing on the ocean , but with a frosty twist . A two-hour beginner lesson is $ 175 per person ; group rates are available . 7 stunning European ski lodges Snow biking in Telluride : Mountain bikers flock to Telluride , Colorado , from spring to fall , but there 's no reason to stop riding when the snow falls . Local outfitter BootDoctors offers tours on "  fat bikes " -- mountain bikes with oversized wide tires that can be ridden on traditional bike trails but excel in the snow . Rentals are $ 39 per day , including a helmet . Guided Big Tire Bike and Brew trips , which end with a tour and tasting at Telluride Brewing Co. , are $ 99 for a half-day and $ 149 for a full day . Newfangled snowshoeing at Lake Tahoe : The option of snowshoeing is nothing new to non-skiers , but at California 's Northstar resort , the normally low-key concept is evolving into a competitive sport . Along with tours tailored to families , stargazers and those who want to snowshoe by moonlight , the resort also hosts snowshoe skills and running clinics , a.k.a. intense workouts for the athletes among us . Once you 're up to speed in your snowshoes , take part in the Snowshoe Social & Race Series , with upcoming competitions January 27 and March 23 . Winter safaris in Yellowstone : Guests at the Four Seasons Resort in Jackson Hole , Wyoming , may opt for enhanced access to the wildlife of Yellowstone National Park on small-group winter safaris . Five guests at a time can join a wildlife biologist and a naturalist on a four-hour journey tailored to the group 's wishes . Gourmet snacks are served inside the Mercedes SUV , and safari riders enjoy the use of Swarovski spotting scopes and binoculars . Included in the price , but not guaranteed : appearances by elk , moose , bears , eagles and bighorn sheep . Cost depends on size of group , starting at $ 125 per person . FOOD & BEVERAGE BUZZ Go gourmet in the Green Mountains : Adventure dining may not be an Olympic sport , but you 'll wish it were after you indulge in a five-course feast inside the Killington Ledgewood Yurt in Vermont . It 's a unique wilderness retreat accessible only by sleigh and may be the closest you 'll come to dining in a Hobbit hole . The yurt 's executive chef can cater to special diets upon request , but the regular menu includes signature prime cuts of meat and local New England produce . Alcohol is additional and there are set "  family nights " with a different menu and lower rates . Make advance reservations for this Friday or Saturday night adventure ; regular Friday night rates start at $ 109 . Revel in the Rockies : You wo n't needs skis , snowboards or skates to enjoy the scenery at 10,700 feet , but you will need to take the Zephyr Express chairlift up the mountain to be wowed at Winter Park . The moon lights the way as you rise above the Continental Divide and the spectacular Fraser Valley , en route to an award-winning parade of Colorado culinary delights in the dining room of The Lodge at Sunspot . A three-course Easter brunch is also an option this year on March 31 . Rates vary . Brewing up fun in Breckenridge : If your taste leans more toward choosing small batch bourbon or bitters over green trails or blue , you have reason to head for Breckenridge well beyond the action on the slopes . The awards keep piling up for the spirits made at the Breckenridge Distillery , which bills itself as "  the world 's highest . " A tasting room and tours make this a destination worth checking out -- and here 's why it 's unique : The bourbon whiskey is made from Rocky Mountain snowmelt , and hand-harvested alpine herbs go into creating the bitters . COOL CLASSES All about Alta : Give your brain a break and sit down for a fireside chat with historians , musicians , documentary filmmakers and ski experts brimming with local lore about Utah 's Alta Ski Area , celebrating its 75th birthday in 2013 . Area ski resorts and the Salt Lake City REI store take turns hosting this popular lecture series run by the Alta Historical Society throughout the winter months . The chats are free and run 45 minutes to an hour . Check out the schedule at www.altahistory.org . Trade texting for chopping : That 's the goal at the Park Hyatt in Beaver Creek , Colorado , where complimentary teen-focused cooking classes are held weekly at the 8100 Mountainside Bar & Grill . Creations include cold weather "  mocktails , " gourmet pizzas and sushi rolls . Move over Starbucks , here 's another perk for parents : There 's a class that teaches teenagers the art of making barista-style coffee at home . School at St. Regis : You may yearn for detention once you enroll in these educational sessions held at the elite St. Regis Deer Valley resort in Park City , Utah . Three clinics are open to resort guests and the public , with instruction on champagne sabering , chocolate infusion and how to create the perfect Bloody Mary . Champagne Sabering 101 is held every night at twilight and this ritual -- where a sword is used to slice off the top of a champagne bottle -- must be seen to be believed . Attend the clinic and bring home a skill sure to impress friends and family at your next gathering . The nightly sabering demonstration and tasting is free , but a private lesson with a sommelier can be had for $ 250 , including a bottle of Charles de Fere champagne . The Bloody Mary and chocolate clinics are held regularly and cost $ 16 per person . SNOW SEASON SMARTS Check with your travel agent , tour operator or hotel if you 're on a trip and suddenly decide you 've had enough of the slopes . Rules vary by location , and you should always investigate your options . For example , at Sun Valley ski area in Idaho , there 's an official lift ticket exchange program that lets you trade in a "  downhill " day for a long list of options including a massage , ice skating and lunch or a shopping credit . AprÃ ¨ s ski is always an option for skiers and non-skiers alike . One spot to try : Tamarack Lodge atop Heavenly Mountain in Lake Tahoe , California -- where December saw a record-breaking 12 feet of snowfall -- and they 're celebrating this lofty designation : Forbes named Unbuckle at Tamarack the No. 1 aprÃ ¨ s ski party in North America . Do your pre-trip homework beginning with regional tourism board websites for recommendations on museums and music venues . They are generally open year-round and offer constant cultural respite from the chill of the great outdoors . Aspen , Colorado , is one example of a ski spot that doubles as a cultural destination . It 's home to museums , concert halls and music venues such as the intimate Belly Up where shows often sell out faster than an expert skier can speed down a bunny slope .	Non-skiers will find plenty to keep them entertained at U.S. ski resorts Snowkiting is one alternative for the active traveler If you prefer something a little less intense , consider a gourmet diversion
CNN  -- In style and substance , Barack Obama is looking like he could be a different president than the candidate voters got to know during the campaign . Barack Obama has taken on a more somber tone as he prepares to take office . His message of changing the country has been replaced by one of repairing the country as he inherits crises that demand immediate action . "  I want to be realistic here , " Obama said in an interview that aired Sunday on ABC 's "  This Week . " "  Not everything that we talked about during the campaign are we going to be able to do on the pace that we had hoped . " During the campaign , Obama stressed fixing the economy as one of his top priorities , but his recent language has taken on an urgent tone . Obama painted a dire picture of the economy last week , warning that if Congress does not take "  dramatic action " on his economic aid package as soon as possible , the nation would face devastating long-term consequences . "  For every day we wait or point fingers or drag our feet , more Americans will lose their jobs . More families will lose their savings . More dreams will be deferred and denied . And our nation will sink deeper into a crisis that , at some point , we may not be able to reverse , " he said . It 's a far cry from what voters heard from Obama the Democratic candidate , who inspired roaring crowds of thousands by telling them , "  This is our moment . This is our time . " But with the economy in a recession and people afraid for their financial future , Obama 's soaring campaign rhetoric has given way to grim reality . And as if the economic crisis were n't enough , Obama has an international crisis awaiting him as well . The president-elect said Sunday that the suffering on both sides of Gaza 's borders has led him to ramp up his commitment to working for a peace deal in the Middle East . These urgent items on Obama 's agenda are forcing his team to reconsider some campaign pledges . Just as soon as he went from presidential hopeful to president-elect , Obama warned the nation of tough times ahead and lowered expectations that he would be the one to solve it all . Watch more on the expectations for Obama " "  We know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime -- two wars , a planet in peril , the worst financial crisis in a century , " he said on the night of his election victory . "  The road ahead will be long . Our climb will be steep . We may not get there in one year or even in one term . But , America , I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there , " he said . He told voters that change could n't happen without them , "  without a new spirit of service , a new spirit of sacrifice . " He reiterated that same message this weekend , explaining what it 's going to take to reform the government . "  Everybody is going to have to give . Everybody is going to have to have some skin in the game , " Obama told ABC . iReport.com : What should Obama do first ? Some of the pledges Obama might have to rethink include his proposal to give some homeowners a 10 percent tax credit , an idea that has little support in Congress . During the campaign , Obama also told voters , "  I do n't believe in running up debt for the next generation . " But just last week , he acknowledged that the cost of the economic recovery plan he is pushing would be "  considerable " and would "  certainly add to the budget deficit in the short term . " Obama has not put a price tag on his stimulus package , but observers have estimated it would cost in the neighborhood of $ 800 billion . Obama also has proposed repealing the Bush tax cuts on the wealthy , but now it 's more likely that the president-elect will delay any tax increases on the wealthy until 2011 , when the tax cuts expire . Some of the maneuvering is aimed at attracting Republican support for the incoming president 's recovery plan , but that could set up an early battle in the now heavily Democratic Congress . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , for example , is adamant about seeing those tax cuts repealed . iReport.com : What does Obama 's presidency mean to you ? Obama says everyone will have to sacrifice , and that includes Congress , too . Some political observers say the economic crisis that Obama is inheriting is raising the stakes to get a move on his recovery plan -- even if Congress is n't 100 percent behind it . "  This strengthens Barack Obama 's hand with the Congress and with the public . It 's so urgent , that it 's going to be very , very hard , I think , for people who do n't like parts of this package to vote against it , " said David Gergen , CNN 's senior political analyst . And while the public is well aware of the economic battle ahead , Republican strategist and CNN contributor Ed Rollins said Obama has little time to wait . "  You 've got to have results , " Rollins said , "  He does n't have four years to get it done . He has two years . If there 's not improvements dramatically in two years , you have a midterm election , and certainly by the second part of this first term , this economy better be moving . " CNN 's Jim Acosta , Kristi Keck and Christine Romans contributed to this report	Obama says not all of his campaign promises will happen at pace he wanted President-elect 's tone has become more somber as he prepares to take office Obama says , "  Everybody is going to have to give " to get things back on track President-elect 's priority is getting his economic recovery package passed
Editor 's Note : Neil Miller , executive editor of the film Web site FilmSchoolRejects.com , is an online film critic based in Columbus , Ohio . For another view , read here . Neil Miller says activists are making outlandish demands of a film that parodies Hollywood . COLUMBUS , Ohio  CNN  -- It is hard to imagine that DreamWorks and Paramount , the companies behind "  Tropic Thunder , " did not foresee some sort of reaction from activist groups . With a film that attacks on all levels , making jokes at the expense of race , obesity and cognitive disabilities , the executives must have known it would n't sail smoothly in and out of theaters . That said , the reaction we 've seen from activist groups in defense of the cognitively disabled has been astounding . The Disability Rights Coalition has gone beyond expressing their disapproval of the film in order to lay out a list of demands . Among those demands is that director Ben Stiller re-cut the film , modifying it to remove any reference to the word "  retard " and any other "  disrespectful depictions " from the film before it hits theaters this week . And those appear to be the simplest of their demands . Everyone has a right to be offended and to speak out against such an offense . The real issue concerning this debacle is whether groups should be drumming up public outrage and making outlandish demands of a Hollywood studio based on a movie , especially one that is clearly a parody of the Hollywood system itself . The answer is no . While I can personally empathize with groups who feel that some of the content in "  Tropic Thunder " is offensive , it 's hard to remain on their side when their otherwise reasonable argument turns into an overblown campaign against the insensitivities of the entire entertainment business . To imply that by not capitulating to group demands , DreamWorks and Paramount are in large part responsible for intolerance toward the cognitively disabled is ludicrous . Real intolerance is bred in homes , where parents fail to provide proper direction for their children , fail to place such things into the context of everyday life and fail to show their children the difference between right and wrong . On top of this is the issue of the film 's R-rating . As often as critics in the entertainment world , myself included , have railed on the unfair practices of the MPAA , it is easy to see that their ratings system does work in some cases . In this case , the R-rating works as a warning : Audiences who see "  Tropic Thunder " are in for an experience that is only intended for adults . Adults should have the ability to process the jokes employed by "  Tropic Thunder " within the context of the film and recognize that the joke does n't target those with disabilities . It satirically takes aim at actors who exploit roles in which they play disabled characters in order to garner acclaim and win awards . Since children might not be able to make that connection or understand that context , the R-rating serves a strong role . Perhaps the only major mistake by the studio was in placing the "  Simple Jack " concept in the marketing campaign . In the film , the joke truly fades into the context of the storyline , but when pulled out of that context , it is left standing on a burning platform that could easily be interpreted as blatant insensitivity . But they have admitted that mistake and rectified it by removing the "  Simple Jack " Web site . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on ` Tropic Thunder ' Beyond that , the film itself keeps everything in the context of the joke , something that seems to be lost on activist groups . In fact , if those members of the cognitively disabled community are claiming that this is n't how they would like to be portrayed , perhaps they 'll actually find themselves agreeing with the film upon viewing -- a film that mocks actors who choose to exploit portrayals of those with cognitive disabilities . While groups still have every right to be upset over the use of the word "  retard " or any other "  disrespectful depictions , " it is the nature of their response that should be questioned . Being upset about a movie is one thing , but holding Hollywood responsible for intolerance in America is something altogether different . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Miller : Filmmakers must have known "  Tropic Thunder " would be controversial Demands made by activist groups are over the top , Miller says The film is a satire aimed at Hollywood , not at disabled people , he says Miller : The R-rating means film will be seen by adults who can understand it
His daredevil stunts have attracted over 3.5 million hits on YouTube and reached uncharted waters for sailing , but for his next trick Alex Thomson just wants to get back to doing what he does best -- circumnavigating the globe faster than anyone else . His "  crazy ideas " have ended up with the 40-year-old walking along the keel of his Hugo Boss yacht and then -- even more daringly -- scaling the height of its huge sail before diving into the water . Thomson was dressed for both stunts in the stylish menswear associated with his sponsor . Their longstanding relationship dates back to 2003 , with Thomson having made headlines in a more conventional sporting manner through his exploits in long-distance ocean racing . As far back as 1999 he became the youngest skipper to win a round the world race , and he 's a multiple record-holder for distance covered in 24 hours at sea . But perhaps the biggest prize , the Vendee Globe -- the ultimate single-handed round the world race , sailed nonstop and without assistance -- has eluded him . "  It 's a supreme test of human endeavor , truly man against the elements , " the British sailor told CNN . "  I equate it to challenging for an Olympic gold in a four-year cycle , and you must peak at the right time . "  Ben Ainslie  the four-time gold medalist from Britain in sailing  does this perfectly and I want to emulate him . " There are still two and a half years to the start of the next Vendee Globe race in Les Sables-d'Olonne in southwest France , but for Thomson it can not come around fast enough . His 2008 challenge was ruined by a collision with a fishing boat which wrecked his preparations , and he finished third in the 2012 edition . Thomson finished just over two days behind winner Francois Gabart of France after 80 days of racing , setting a British record for a solo round the world race in the process . "  The big win has eluded me , " he said . British ambition Ainslie , who won his Olympic golds in dinghy classes , has announced he will lead an ambitious $ 134 million British bid to win the America 's Cup in 2017 . One of the key members of that syndicate is Keith Mills , a businessman who ran Britain 's successful bid for the London 2012 Olympics and is a co-founder of the Alex Thomson Racing team . The planning required for the America 's Cup is on a similar scale to the Vendee -- but instead of being part of a big crew , Thompson will be on his own as he negotiates his way around dangerous oceans at the helm of a 10-ton , 60-foot yacht . "  The boats are absolute beasts with a sail area of three tennis courts alone , " said the Welshman , who was born in the coastal town of Bangor . "  It very much depends whether you are physically fit enough to do this kind of thing . " His eponymous team 's current boat successfully competed in long-distance events under previous owners , winning the 2010-11 Barcelona World Race . It has been extensively refitted and a new keel added to keep pace with the opposition . "  It 's like Formula One , with thousands of things to do and test , " said Thompson in equating the scale of the challenge . Unlike F1 , the chance to test equipment in race conditions is limited -- "  and we do n't have the budgets of the likes of Ferrari . " Although 2016 appears a long way off , the team have to make the most of the opportunities . "  We have two or three big events and about 20,000 individual components that can go wrong , " Thomson admitted . Family commitment He had to sit out one of those events -- the IMOCA Ocean Masters race from New York to Barcelona -- because his wife was due to give birth to their second child . Georgia , weighing in at seven pounds seven ounces , was indeed born at a time when a less attentive father might have been mid-Atlantic . But the race provided a welcome boost for Thomson 's long-term aspirations as Spaniard Pepe Ribes and his replacement -- American Ryan Breymaier -- took line honors after just over 14 days at sea . They took advantage when an accident on board rival Safran meant the race leader had to stop in Cadiz so one of its skippers could get medical treatment . While not a serious injury , it was a painful reminder of the inherent dangers in ocean racing . "  The Atlantic is as dangerous as any place , particularly in the spring and winter , " Thomson said . He will pair with Ribes for the 2014-15 edition of the Barcelona World Race , which starts on New Year 's Eve from the Catalan city and will finish in its port by the end of March 2015 . Then it will be back to fine-tuning for the Vendee Globe , where victory and the likely chance of being crowned winner of the IMOCA Ocean Masters World Championship is firmly in his sights . And , as for any more eye-catching stunts , Thomson is keeping his cards close to his chest . "  We usually do them around September and it takes a fair bit of planning , " he revealed . "  Perhaps the most important thing is that it showcases our sport to people who do n't sail and maybe we can tempt people to take it up . "	Alex Thomson renowned for his daredevil yachting stunts Thomson 's mast and keel walks were big hits on YouTube The 40-year-old Briton targets victory in 2016 Vendee Globe He does not rule out doing another stunt in the future
CNN  -- Paul Scholes capped his return to Premier League action with a goal as Manchester United beat struggling Bolton Wanderers 3-0 at Old Trafford on Saturday . The former England international , who has come out of retirement to ease Alex Ferguson 's injury-hit squad , scored in first half injury time . Scholes in shock return Further goals came in the second half courtesy of Danny Welbeck in the 74th minute then Michael Carrick seven minutes from time . The win moves United level on points with league leaders Manchester City who can restore their three-point lead if they beat Wigan on Monday night . Bolton are now 19th with 16 points . Tottenham Hotspur missed the chance to join United and City as joint leaders after being held to a 1-1 draw with Wolves at White Hart Lane . Steven Fletcher put the visitors ahead after 22 minutes prodding home after Brad Friedel parried a header from Roger Johnson . Luka Modric leveled things up six minutes after the break but despite concerted pressure Spurs could n't find a winner . The draw leaves them in third place with 46 points . Wolves are still hovering above the relegation zone in 16th place with 18 points . Frank Lampard 's first half goal was enough to see Chelsea defeat Sunderland at Stamford Bridge . The win keeps them in fourth place , four points above London rivals Arsenal who travel to Swansea City on Sunday . Liverpool 's seventh home draw of the league season saw them lose further ground on the top four . A 0-0 draw against Stoke City sees them stay in sixth place with 35 points , while Stoke remain in eighth with 30 points . Blackburn Rovers lifted themselves off the bottom of the table with a 3-1 win over Fulham at Ewood Park despite having star striker Yakabu sent off in the first half for high challenge on Danny Murphy . Morten Gamst Pedersen put the home side ahead on the stroke of halftime with David Dunn doubling the lead immediately after the break . Damien Duff pulled one back for Fulham but Argentine midfielder Mauro Formica  who replaced Dunn in the 69th minute  wrapped up the three points 11 minutes from time to lift Blackburn to 17th in the table with 17 points . Fulham are 14th with 23 points . The mid-table tussle between Aston Villa and Everton ended in a 1-1 draw . Darren Bent opened the scoring at Villa Park before substitute Victor Anichebe equalized for the visitors in the 69th minute . The Toffees remain a point ahead of 12th-placed Villa on 25 points and two places above in 10th . Norwich City picked up three points on their visit to the Hawthorns as they beat West Bromwich Albion 2-1 . Andrew Surman gave the Canaries the lead shortly before halftime , with Irish striker Shane Long equalizing from the penalty spot in the 68th minute . But a late header from Steve Morison ensured Norwich climb to ninth in the table while West Brom remain in 15th . Newcastle United host Queen 's Park Rangers on Sunday . The West London club who recently appointed Mark Hughes as successor to previous boss Neil Warnock have agreed a fee with Chelsea for the signing of the Brazilian defender Alex according to reports in the British media on Saturday .	Paul Scholes marks return to EPL with a goal in 3-0 win over Bolton Tottenham miss opportunity to go joint-top of the league after 1-1 draw with Wolves Chelsea edge past Sunderland ; Liverpool draw at home for seventh time this season Ten-man Blackburn Rovers beat Fulham 3-1 to rise to 17th in table
CNN  -- After 21 months of bloodshed and a failure by the international community to do anything to stop it , the U.N.-Arab League point man on the Syrian crisis expressed confidence Sunday that a political resolution is possible . Lakhdar Brahimi 's optimism followed talks in Geneva with Russian Deputy Foreign Mikhail Bogdanov and U.S. Deputy Secretary of State William Burns , which he called "  constructive and held in a spirit of cooperation . " Getting Russia on board any international plan is seen as key because it has been an ally of Syria 's government and blocked tough measures against President Bashar al-Assad in the U.N. Security Council . In a statement , Brahimi said the diplomats "  explored avenues to move forward a peaceful process and mobilize greater international action in favor of a political solution . " "  All three parties reaffirmed their common assessment that the situation in Syria was bad and getting worse , " said Brahimi , who was appointed a joint special representative in August , according to a story on the U.N. news website . "  They stressed a political process to end the crisis was necessary and still possible . " This conviction comes at a time when violence in Syria continues to rage . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Friday that more than 40,000 people have been killed , with half a million seeking refuge in other countries and nearly 3 million internally displaced . The grim toll grew yet again on Sunday , with the opposition Local Coordination Committees reporting at least 116 deaths nationwide , including 10 children and four women . Forty-one of those deaths were in and around Damascus , and 32 were in Aleppo , including 20 burned near a Syrian Air Force Intelligence facility . In addition to civilians caught in the crossfire , Sunday saw more skirmishes involved organized fighting forces on both sides . The LCC said there were 97 clashes Sunday between Syrian troops and rebel Free Syrian Army members , who have made inroads around the Middle Eastern country in recent weeks . Opposition fighters have also taken steps of late to unify their ranks , with disparate Free Syrian Army units agreeing Friday to appoint a civilian rebel council leader and a military council leader for each Syrian province . The commanders will be under the leadership of a newly named chief of staff , Gen. Salim Idris , Free Syrian Army spokesman Louay Almokdad said . The united military front follows the creation of the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces , a new coalition of groups opposed to al-Assad 's leadership . The United States , in particular , has pushed for opposition factions to unite . Another diplomatic focus has been trying to find a common international approach to Syria , in hopes that shared thinking -- especially involving friends of al-Assad -- can hasten an end of the war . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov joined Brahimi last Thursday in Belfast , Northern Ireland , to discuss Syria . Clinton said that meeting did n't produce a "  breakthrough , " but it was a start . She called for all facets of Syrian society -- except for al-Assad -- to be part of any transition . Russia said the countries should brainstorm with Brahimi on a peaceful transition and a political settlement . The possibility that Syrian forces could employ deadly chemical weapons -- something Damascus has denied -- has heightened the sense of urgency . Syrian forces began combining chemicals that would be used to make deadly sarin gas for use in weapons to attack rebel and civilian populations , a U.S. official told CNN last week . That possibility triggered international outcry , including from Russia , which sent strong messages to al-Assad warning him he 'd lose their support if he used chemical weapons . The United States and some European allies are using defense contractors to train Syrian rebels on how to secure chemical weapons stockpiles in Syria , a senior U.S. official and several senior diplomats told CNN Sunday . The training , which is taking place in Jordan and Turkey , involves how to monitor and secure stockpiles and handle weapons sites and materials , according to the sources . Some of the contractors are on the ground in Syria working with the rebels to monitor some of the sites , according to one of the officials .	The U.N.-Arab League envoy on Syria meets with Russian and U.S. diplomats He says they "  stressed a political process to end the crisis " is still feasible 116 were killed around Syria on Sunday , an opposition group reports
CNN  -- The Scottish woman who became an Internet singing sensation after her performance on a British talent show said Friday she does n't want fame to change her . Susan Boyle at home with her piano . Susan Boyle , 47 , has said she 's still the same humble girl next door despite her knockout singing on "  Britain 's Got Talent . " She shocked and inspired the audience , judges , and Web watchers with her rendition of "  I Dreamed a Dream " from the musical "  Les Misérables " in the first round of the show . "  I would n't want to change myself too much because that would really make things a bit false , " she told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Friday . "  I want to receive people as the real me , a real person . " Boyle 's appearance belied her talent , but in the end it was the very reason she won over the audience . There is speculation TV producers might give Boyle a makeover for the rest of the show , but she refused to say whether she 'd accept one . iReport.com : Have you been judged on looks ? "  I ca n't make a comment on that , " she said . Watch Boyle sing a new song for CNN 's Larry King " A clip of Boyle 's performance on the talent show had more than 15 million views on YouTube by Friday , and the world 's media have beaten a path to her door in Blackburn , Scotland . Watch Boyle 's singing wow the world " While she said she 's the same person -- the shy girl who has never been kissed -- it 's clear that Boyle 's life already is changing . In her home are heaps of fan mail and cards from well-wishers . Throngs of fans have been shrieking at her doorstep begging for her autograph . Boyle said she 's still in shock and overwhelmed by her overnight stardom . Watch how Boyle sees herself " "  I 'm gobsmacked , absolutely gobsmacked , " she told CNN on Friday morning . During an earlier interview with CNN 's Atika Shubert , Boyle expressed amazement at people 's reaction to her -- "  the way everyone seems to have embraced me , the way they seem to have apparently fallen in love with me , " she said . Watch young fans flock to Boyle 's home " The singer acknowledged she noticed the initial sniggers when she got onstage for her performance on "  Britain 's Got Talent . " But she said she did n't let it get to her . If nothing else , it fueled her motivation . "  I just thought mentally , I 'll show them , so I did , " she said . "  If people are cynical , you try and win them ` round and it worked . It must have been a miracle , but it worked . " Boyle still has a long way to go -- having just gotten through to the second round of "  Britain 's Got Talent " after judge Simon Cowell described her first performance as "  extraordinary . " If she can make her way through the show 's final rounds , she will get to sing for Queen Elizabeth II at the Royal Variety Show . Boyle has promised to be on her best behavior if she gets that far . "  Whatever comes my way , I am ready . It would be lovely to sing for the queen . There would be less of the carry-on from me and more of the singing . "  She is a very regal lady , very nice , so I would be nice , too , and just get up there and give it a bit of wellie -LSB- try -RSB- , " Boyle told the show 's Web site . Boyle began singing in school productions at 12 . She had private lessons and won local competitions , but a professional career never took hold partly because of circumstances at home . Boyle said she cared for her aging parents , both of whom have died . Thoughts of her mother led Boyle to apply to be on the talent show , she said . "  She was my inspiration , and she was the driving force behind my application , " Boyle told CNN . "  I felt it was a tribute to her . She was a wonderful lady . " Watch Boyle say , "  It must have been a miracle " " Boyle said she was trying to take her newfound fame in stride . "  It 's a challenge . Life is a challenge sometimes , but this is different . And I like to test myself . "  If it all gets too much and they lock me up , I want a great big straitjacket with spots on it -- a pink one ... and a big zip on the back so I can escape . " Cowell reportedly is trying to piece together a record deal for Boyle , an unemployed charity worker who lives with her cat , Pebbles . But Boyle said she 's not focusing on any of that yet -- she still spends her time concentrating on the current competition .	NEW : YouTube sensation credits late mother for inspiration to perform Susan Boyle wowed audience , judges on "  Britain 's Got Talent " Boyle says , "  I would n't want to change myself too much " Unexpected star grabs spotlight with more than 15 million Web views
CNN  -- The gunman who killed two others before police ended his life in a shootout near Texas A&M University had been battling mental health issues on and off for years , his mother said . Police say Thomas Caffall , known to his family as "  Tres , " killed a constable and a bystander and injured four others Monday before police fatally shot him . His mother , Linda Weaver , said the family became worried after Caffall quit his job in January and announced that he would never work again . 3 killed in shootings near Texas A&M "  We had been very concerned about him , " Weaver told CNN . Caffall had withdrawn from the family , and the fear was that he might attempt suicide , his mother said . But she never imagined that her son would hurt anyone else , or that his end would come so violently . "  Losing a child is a parent 's worst nightmare . This is worse , " she said . Police said Caffall , 35 , shot and killed Brian Bachmann , a constable for Brazos County , and Chris Northcliffe , an area resident . Bachmann had approached Caffall 's apartment to deliver an eviction notice , and Northcliffe just happened to be nearby . Also nearby was Rigo Cisneros , a former Army medic who assisted both Bachmann and Caffall after the shooting . As he lay dying , the gunman offered an apology for what he had done , Cisneros told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . "  He did ask me to apologize to the officer he had shot , " he said . Three College Station police officers and a woman were injured in the shooting , police said . The woman , Barbara Holdsworth , was in serious condition after undergoing surgery . Investigators on Tuesday continued to process the crime scene . The area covers "  a couple of blocks , " College Station Police Chief Jeff Capps said . The suspect "  fired multiple rounds and investigators have recovered long guns and a pistol from the scene , " he said . As the incident unfolded Monday , an alert warning of a gunman was sent out by Texas A&M , one of the state 's flagship universities and a sprawling campus of nearly 47,000 students . According to his Facebook campaign page , Bachmann was a 41-year-old from College Station who had been a Brazos County sheriff 's deputy since 1993 . The county 's website indicated that his four-year term as constable -- an elected position that involves , among other duties , serving court documents such as eviction notices and subpoenas to citizens -- was set to expire on December 31 , 2014 . Warning signs of violence : What to do Bachmann was an up-and-coming law enforcement leader who some expected to run for sheriff one day , said Marc Hamlin , the district clerk for Brazos County and friend of the slain constable for more than 20 years . "  He was a true public servant , " Hamlin told CNN . Whenever a group wanted a law enforcement officer or squad car for a community event , Bachmann was always the first to volunteer , Hamlin said . He also volunteered to help his friends . On Monday , Bachmann had lunch with his chief deputy , who had to deliver the eviction notice at the nearby residence afterward . Bachmann took the notice and volunteered to serve it himself , Hamlin said . A search of court records showed no record of Caffall having run-ins with the law except for a traffic violation . Caffall 's mother described her son as an intelligent youth who wasted opportunities available to him . "  It 's so hard to imagine that the really sweet kid you raised turned into a huge monster , and that is what he is now , " Weaver said . He enjoyed collecting weapons and refinishing them , Weaver said , so his owning guns was n't worrisome , his mother said . Weaver said Caffall had been very affected by the death of his father when he was 12 . She said it is hard to comprehend how the same person would deprive Bachmann 's children of their father . Bachmann 's three children -- ages 19 , 10 and 8 -- would accompany their father on mission trips in Texas . On a recent trip , they built wheelchair ramps and roofs , Hamlin said . "  He was strong in his faith and strong in his family , " he said . Less is known about Caffall . He was divorced , and was in the constant companionship of a large Sheltie-mix named Lucy , his mother said . Lucy 's fate is unclear . Opinion : Looking into the minds of killers Warning signs from a troubled mind : What parents should do Warning signs of violence : A mother 's view	NEW : The gunman apologized as he lay dying , a medic and witness says Police : Thomas Caffall was the gunman who killed two and injured four He was fatally shot by police in College Station , Texas Among the victims was Brian Bachmann , a highly regarded law enforcement officer
Mississippi 's attorney general said Thursday that the state may have to issue a nationwide manhunt after four pardoned murderers left jail and "  hit the road running . " "  We 'll catch 'em . It 's just a matter of time , " Attorney General Jim Hood told CNN . The four were among nearly 200 convicted criminals to whom Gov. Haley Barbour granted clemency or a pardon in a final act before leaving office this week . The governor 's actions have set off a legal firestorm in Mississippi . A judge issued a temporary injunction Wednesday forbidding the release of any more prisoners . And the process of releasing 21 other inmates has been halted , said Hood , who believes the former governor put people at risk and sought the court order . The pardons include the four convicted murderers and a convicted armed robber who were released Sunday . The five now must contact prison officials on a daily basis as their fate is adjudicated , but their whereabouts are unknown , Hood said . A court hearing on the matter will be held January 23 . Hood said the state can not issue an arrest warrant for the five who were released because they have not committed a crime . "  We have not found any law that will support that , " Hood told CNN . "  They have a legal document saying they are free to go . "  There are some tough legal issues we are trying to address , " he said . "  This is such a unique problem that no law has ever had to address yet . We 're having to make new law here . " Hood said he did not know Barbour 's reasons for the pardons and clemencies , but said he owed the public an explanation . He gave the governor a tongue-lashing , comparing him to the unethical , greedy commissioner in the 1980s television series "  The Dukes of Hazzard . " "  He 's tried to rule the state like Boss Hogg and he did n't think the law applied to him , " Hood told CNN Wednesday . Hood said Barbour violated the state 's constitution because the pardon requests for many inmates were not published 30 days before they were granted , as required . Mississippi is one of the few states that requires advance notice . "  This is n't a partisan issue , " according to Hood , who is a Democrat . "  Either you followed the constitution or you did n't . " Barbour is a conservative Republican . What 's behind the pardon battle ? Hinds County Circuit Court Judge Tomie Green issued the injunction Wednesday , saying it appeared some pardons , including those for four murderers , did not meet the 30-day requirement . Any inmates released in the future must meet the standard , Green ruled . On his way out the door , the governor approved full pardons for nearly 200 people , including 14 convicted murderers , according to documents the Mississippi secretary of state 's office released Tuesday . The four murderers who received full pardons last week -- David Gatlin , Joseph Ozment , Charles Hooker and Anthony McCray -- were cited in Green 's order . They were all serving life sentences and worked as inmate trusties at the governor 's mansion , said Suzanne Singletary , spokeswoman for the Mississippi Department of Corrections . Trusties are inmates who can receive additional rights through good behavior . Hood told CNN that it 's possible that those who did n't meet the 30-day requirement may have to return to prison and complete their sentences . Barbour said Wednesday that some people misunderstand the clemency process and believe that most of the individuals were still jailed . "  Approximately 90 percent of these individuals were no longer in custody , and a majority of them had been out for years , " he said in a statement . "  The pardons were intended to allow them to find gainful employment or acquire professional licenses as well as hunt and vote . My decision about clemency was based upon the recommendation of the Parole Board in more than 90 percent of the cases , " Barbour wrote . "  The 26 people released from custody due to clemency is just slightly more than one-tenth of 1 percent of those incarcerated . " Hood said he is questioning the release of many of the 175 individuals who received full pardons . The pardons are "  a slap in the face to everyone in law enforcement and Governor Barbour should be ashamed , " Hood said . Barbour 's full pardon of Gatlin has intensified fears that the man will try "  to finish what he started , " one of his surviving victims said . "  I feel like my safety is in jeopardy , " Randy Walker , who was shot and wounded by Gatlin , said Wednesday . "  I wonder if he 's going to finish what he 's started . " Gatlin walked into a trailer in 1993 where his estranged wife , Tammy Ellis , lived and shot her in the head as she held their 6-week-old baby in her arms . She died of her wounds . Walker , the woman 's friend , survived a gunshot wound to the head . Gatlin was convicted of murder , aggravated assault and burglary of a residence . In an interview with CNN 's Soledad O'Brien , Walker and Tiffany Ellis Brewer -- Tammy 's sister -- expressed concerns about the release and fears that Gatlin may intend to target them . "  I 'm married and have a family again , " Walker said . "  I feel the safety for them is an issue . Anybody that might be with me at the time that he decides to do something would be in jeopardy . " Gatlin 's pardon also raised concerns from John Kitchens , the prosecutor who saw him sent to prison . "  Haley Barbour is insane for granting a pardon to this criminal , " said Kitchens , who is now in private practice . Brewer said Barbour -- who left office this week -- has n't directly responded to questions about the pardon . "  He will not comment on anything . We have no answers as to why he has done this . I would like to think he did not have all of the facts of the case , if he did have all the facts , " she said . Barbour 's successor , Phil Bryant , was inaugurated Tuesday . Barbour , who served eight years in the governor 's office , had previously granted full pardons to three other convicted killers in 2008 . Another three were awarded conditional or indefinite releases during his time in office -- meaning the governor , in total , granted reprieves to 20 convicted murderers , the documents showed . Since the conservative governor took office in 2004 , 222 people were granted clemency for a wide variety of crimes . Those who have been granted full pardons include shoplifters , rapists , burglars and embezzlers . There were also a number who were found guilty of either manslaughter or homicide , who were given unconditional pardons . Barbour is a long-time GOP operative , serving as the chairman of the Republican National Committee from 1993 to 1997 , working as an aide in the Reagan administration and taking part in the 1988 presidential campaign of George H.W. Bush . He also is considered one of Washington 's most-powerful lobbyists .	The attorney general vows to catch the pardoned inmates Haley Barbour approved full pardons for nearly 200 people , including 14 convicted murderers A judge temporarily blocked the release of prisoners The attorney general believes Barbour put people at risk
CNN  -- Five years ago , Brandon Howell stood trial on two murder charges . He got off . Now he stands accused again , this time of allegedly killing three people -- apparently strangers to him -- in a tranquil Kansas City , Missouri , neighborhood . Two other victims are fighting for their lives in a local hospital , Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker said on Wednesday . Prosecutors did n't win a conviction in the 2009 murder trial against Howell , in part because the bodies of the two victims were never found . But this time could be different , the prosecutor says . "  I woke up this morning , very determined and resolved to get justice in this case , " Peters Baker said upon learning Howell had been charged again with murder . "  And that 's what we 're going to do . " Howell , 34 , was arrested after a perilous 12 hours during which three people died , two were left injured , one victim 's car was stolen and another three individuals were assaulted at a motel . Peters Baker said that , based on the murder charges against him , a judge opted not to set bond for Howell , meaning he 'll be held in Jackson County Jail presumably until his trial on the new charges . Meanwhile , those affected by the violence he 's accused of -- from the two hospitalized victims , to kin of the three people killed , to neighbors , to those allegedly attacked at the hotel -- have a hard road ahead as well . They 're challenged to come to grips with the brutal , seemingly random nature of what happened . "  It scares all of us , " Peters Baker said . "  Because that is a beautiful , peaceful neighborhood , and it got hit tragically by a senseless , senseless acts of violence . "  But that perpetrator is behind bars right now , " she added . 3 people killed were ages 63 , 69 , 88 The first sign of trouble came shortly after noon Tuesday , when a woman called 911 and said briefly , "  Help at address , shotgun . " Then the call ended . Kansas City police responded to find a woman , later identified as 69-year-old Suzanne Choucroun , dead on a driveway , according to a probable cause statement . They then went inside a neighbor 's home and found a male and female apparently "  assaulted and ... severely injured " in the basement . In a front yard a few doors down , authorities came across 63-year-old Darrel Hurst and his 88-year-old mother Alice Hurst -- both of whom had been shot dead . Witnesses shed more light on what happened , according to police , including how Choucroun was shot by a man with a shotgun after she 'd left her residence . Not only that , but the suspect had sped away in a Toyota Highlander belonging to one of his victims . The hunt was on . It led to a Motel 6 , where three people -- one of whom had cuts on his head -- told police they 'd been followed by a man and assaulted , before the alleged assailant ran off on foot . The discovery of the stolen Toyota Highlander a short ways down the road helped authorities make the connection : The man allegedly behind the quintuple shootings was also the man at the hotel . Six hours later -- just before midnight  1 a.m. ET Wednesday  -- they had a suspect in custody , Brandon Howell . They also had what Peters Baker says was the murder weapon , a 12-gauge shotgun that still had "  four shotgun shells in the magazine tube , making it readily capable of lethal use , " according to the probable cause statement . Suspect is a convicted felon The fact that Howell had that gun was reason enough for authorities to charge him with unlawful possession of a firearm . He was convicted in a Kansas court in 2000 of aggravated kidnapping , aggravated assault and attempted aggravated robbery . Convicted felons are n't supposed to have guns -- even if they 'd purchased them , as was true in this case , prior to their conviction . Questioned about why a convicted felon allegedly did possess a gun , Peters Baker responded : "  Did law enforcement go door-to-door to check under pillows or his bed for firearms ? Probably not . "  But he 's a convicted felon and fully understands that ... you 're not allowed to possess a firearm . " Howell faces three first-degree murder , two first-degree assault , burglary and other charges . It 's also possible that this case -- or at least the shotgun -- could shed light on the first time that Howell was charged with murder in the deaths of Tabitha Brewer and Nick Travis . Peters Baker said she called the Brewer and Travis families , as well as the prosecutors who tried but failed to win a conviction in their deaths , soon after Howell was connected to these new killings . Kansas City Mayor Sly James recalled that being a difficult case to prosecute , absent the victims ' bodies or witnesses : "  Prosecutors  did everything they could . But in a circumstance like that , you have to have almost overwhelming evidence . And that evidence simply was not there . " This time around , authorities have a lot more to work with . They have victims , they have a weapon , they have ballistic evidence , and they have witnesses . "  From this point , " Peters Baker said , "  we will roll up our sleeves and get to work . " CNN 's Laura Ly , Dave Stewart and Teri Genova contributed to this report .	NEW : Brandon Howell , 34 , faces first-degree murder , assault and other charges NEW : He 's accused of killing 3 , wounding 2 others in a Kansas City neighborhood NEW : Authorities say he then assaulted people at a Motel 6 , before being caught NEW : A Kansas jury acquitted Howell on 2 murder charges in 2009
CNN  -- When the news flashed last week that a man had shot and killed a Canadian soldier in front of the National War Memorial in Canada , what most people were wondering -- but not saying out loud -- was , "  Is it another radical Muslim ? " And it was . As was Martin Rouleau Couture , the man who ran over two Canadian soldiers in Quebec . As was Zale Thompson , who attacked four police officers in Queens , New York , also last week . It 's why I have said before -- we have to be honest , there is a problem in the world of Islam today . Some people have found in it an ideology of opposition and violence against the modern and Western world . The three jihadis who burst onto the news last week represent that ugly phenomenon . But let 's dip deeper into these three people to understand what moved them to become terrorists . None of them was born and brought up a religious Muslim . A profile of Michael Zehaf-Bibeau in The New York Times suggests someone who went from a life of partying as a 16-year-old to repeated arrests for drug possession and stealing a credit card . He was once sentenced to prison for two years for possessing a weapon in a robbery . In the Times article , one of the counselors at a Salvation Army shelter described his battles with addiction thus : "  He was doing heroin to take the edge off crack . " Amidst this turmoil , the Times says , he converted to Islam , got radicalized , sought to go to Syria to fight in the jihad and finally ended up trying to wage his own version of it in Ottawa and died after killing a soldier . The man who ran over the soldiers in Canada last week reportedly converted to Islam only a year ago . The New York Police Department says the man who attacked its officers with a hatchet , also clearly disturbed , converted to Islam two years ago . These are not people steeped in Islam -- people for whom the religion has shaped their worldview over decades , people who were motivated by their immersion in the religion . On the contrary , these were unstable young men , prone toward radicalism and violence . They were searching for an ideology that would fit their disturbed worldview , and in the radical and jihadi interpretations of Islam , they found it . It is always worth remembering that these people represent a tiny minority . After all , think of it this way : Terror groups such as Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and al Qaeda have been calling on Muslims to engage in terrorism in Western cities for over 10 years now . But of the some 1.6 billion Muslims worldwide , the number who have responded to these calls is a small , small , small percentage . If all Muslims were radicals , we would have more than three to worry about last week . And yet , there is a problem within Islam . It is not enough for Muslims to point out that these people do not represent the religion . They do n't . But Muslims need to take more active measures to protest these heinous acts . They also need to make sure that Muslim countries and societies do not in any way condone extremism , anti-modern attitudes and intolerance towards other faiths . Muslims are right to complain that there is anti-Muslim bigotry out there . But they would have a more persuasive case if they took on some of the bigotry within the world of Islam as well .	We have to be honest -- there is a problem in the world of Islam today , says Fareed Zakaria Those involved in attacks last week are not people steeped in Islam , Zakaria says Muslims must take on some of the bigotry within the world of Islam as well , he says
CNN  -- Every other year in July , the small town of Farnborough in South East England hosts the biggest names in the aviation world . Exhibitors and visitors mingle with the latest technology to hit the skies . Below , UK Editor-in-Chief of Royal Aeronautical Society 's Aerospace magazine , Tim Robinson highlights the themes and big players to watch out for at this year 's Farnborough International Airshow . Touch and go as F-35 aims for international début Costly white elephant , or next-generation , sensor-fused superfighter ? Whatever your view of the Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter , Farnborough could be the first opportunity for the general public to see the West 's latest stealth fighter outside of the U.S. That 's , of course , only if the aircraft overcomes a last minute fleet grounding following an engine glitch to fly across the Atlantic . The UK , as a key industrial and strategic partner for the F-35 , is set to acquire the fifth generation fighter , in its ` B ' vertical-lift version for the UK 's Royal Air Force and Royal Navy 's Fleet Air Arm . This UK visit , then , could see an order being placed for the first 14 F-35Bs . While the fighter will wow the crowds with its vertical hovering in the air display , for the military top brass the most exciting features -- including its advanced sensors , helmet display and stealth -- are under the skin . Should the F-35 miss the showcase of Farnborough , this will provide extra ammunition for its detractors -- and its absence would be a big talking point . One positive point however , for the aircraft 's recent engine fire , is it happened on the ground where engineers can study and solve the problem . New contenders While the home team will be riding high -- thanks to the UK government 's support for its R&D and space sector -- Farnborough is truly a global airshow and showcase for the aerospace industry around the world -- with over two-thirds of 1,500 exhibitors coming from outside the UK . New countries represented this year include Malaysia , Tunisia and Thailand . While Airbus and Boeing continue to dominate the commercial aircraft industry , new entrants will be using Farnborough to show off their progress . Expect updates from Brazil 's Embraer -- which will have a mockup cabin for its re-engined E2 airliner , Japan 's Mitsubishi Aircraft , whose Mitsubishi Regional Jet is now in final assembly , and Russia 's Irkut -- developing the MC-21 -- a rival to the A320 and 737 . However , one airliner in development that will be notable by its absence at the show is Canada 's Bombardier CSeries . This suffered a serious engine failure on the ground at the end of May , and although ground-testing has resumed , the aircraft now will miss the show . Finally , the airshow will also see a new military type from the U.S. making its international debut - the Textron Airland Scorpion . The two-seat , jet ` fighter ' is a low-cost attack and reconnaissance platform -- aimed at bridging the gap between supersonic expensive fast jets and slower , cheaper turboprops . Will it find a niche ? Read this : A century of commercial aviation Rise of the drones From book delivery by Amazon drone , to Google and Facebook 's acquisition of ` high-altitude , long endurance '  HALE  makers , commercial UAVs  unmanned aerial vehicles  are now going mainstream -- and this year 's Farnborough will reflect this with a focus on autonomous ` intelligent systems ' and indoor and outdoor UAV flying areas . Civil UAVs are now possibly one of the fastest growing sectors in aerospace , with one estimate that in five years , commercial UAVs just in the U.S. could be a $ 13bn industry . However , despite the enthusiasm , challenges remain ; in certification , in sharing airspace with manned aircraft and in the business models and structure of this emerging sector . So far the majority of activity has been in small UAVs like quad - and multi-copters -- but the bigger , established global aerospace players are now looking hungrily in the direction of the commercial UAV market . Can they break into this ? Or will , in this fast-growing sector , the big primes be outmaneuvered by these tiny start-ups ? Read this : 15 ways drones will change your life	Farnborough airshow is one of the biggest aviation industry gatherings International presence is expected to be at an all-time high , says aviation expert Tim Robinson The F-35 will make its international debut ; civil drones are on the rise
CNN  -- With Iran 's Foreign Minister Javad Zarif and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry set to meet in Vienna and the November 24 deadline to the P5 +1 and Iran nuclear talks in sight , the White House 's ability to provide Iran with significant sanctions relief early in a nuclear deal remains unclear . At the same time , any perceived failure by the U.S. to deliver could complicate , if not poison , what will already be a tenuous post-deal period . U.S. negotiators have not helped their cause . During the latest round of talks in New York , the U.S. 's lead negotiator , Wendy Sherman , promised that "  as soon as we -LSB- the U.S. -RSB- suspend our major sanctions -- which will happen very early in the agreement -- the world will flood into Iran . " Her comment was echoed by that of Western diplomats , who likewise urged the Iranians "  not -LSB- to -RSB- underestimate the huge economic relief for their people " in case of a nuclear deal . Holding out the carrot to Iran is a sensible negotiating strategy , but only insofar as the U.S. and its European partners can deliver on it . Few , however , believe that to be the case . Companies that would otherwise jump at the opportunity to capture Iran 's enormous market are being advised to take a wait-and-see approach in the case of a nuclear deal . At the same time , Iran 's population -- according to recent polling -- remains in a state of disbelief as to the U.S. 's willingness to lift the sanctions and turn the page in its relationship with Tehran . This should be a major source of concern . It 'd be the ultimate tragedy for the White House , which has spent as much political capital as it has on the nuclear negotiations , to have defeat snatched from the jaws of victory thanks to the lingering effects of its sanctions . With a region in turmoil as ISIS , which calls itself the "  Islamic State , " continues its rampage through Iraq and the Levant , the Obama administration can not afford the outbreak of hostilities with Iran . That 's why President Obama must take steps to instill confidence in all parties that the U.S. can uphold its end of any nuclear bargain . What can the White House do ? First , control the process . What the White House needs to do is take control of the sanctions file , create a plan of action for sanctions relief , and oversee the various federal agencies involved with sanctions enforcement . Some of that has occurred during the interim period of negotiations -- as the White House was not keen on any surprises that would frustrate the Iranians and the nuclear talks in the process -- but White House involvement needs to accelerate if sanctions relief is to take place in a clear and coordinated fashion . Why is this so important ? Because European , Asian , and even potentially U.S. firms will be looking at the roll-out of sanctions relief to gauge the speed and confidence with which they  re -  enter Iran . Companies ' legal advisers will be paying close attention to whether there is uniformity in the way federal agencies interpret the relevant rules and regulations , including what are expected to be broadened licensing schemes for more expanded trade with and investment in Iran . Uniformity of this kind can only come about under the explicit direction of the White House . Second , signal a shift . While a nuclear deal promises to bring to a close the most tense chapter in U.S.-Iran relations , the post-deal landscape could see the two parties hedging their bets , as commitments are weighed and obligations deferred . Outside observers will view all of this with skepticism , and caution will give way to stasis as the risk of a nuclear deal falling apart dissuades foreign companies from starting up business in or with Iran . That is why the White House must signal a shift in their approach to Iran . That means not just relieving sanctions on a schedule agreed to in the negotiations , but also taking additional measures that persuade firms that there is a sea-change underfoot in the way the West deals with Iran . For starters , the White House should continue a dialogue that has been opened with the Iranians for the first time in three-plus decades . It is no secret that the regional landscape has turned decisively in favor of U.S.-Iran cooperation -- ISIS is a mutual antagonist . Continued negotiations on the range of outstanding issues could signal a change of pace between the two long-time adversaries . The White House could also take discrete measures that instill confidence in firms interested in doing business with Iran . This includes setting up a direct financial channel to select Iranian financial institutions for the processing of licensed transactions . Such a channel could be run from the Federal Reserve , which maintains correspondent relations with banks all over the world . This would ensure that OFAC-licensed activities are able to be undertaken by U.S. persons and would signal to U.S. and foreign financial institutions alike that dealings with Iran are not as risk-prone as in the prior period . Third , reach out and advise . Fair or not , there is a lot of fear out there . Most firms avoid Iran -- even when engagement is permitted -- out of terrified respect for U.S. sanctions enforcers . That means there will need to be a lot of hand-holding to guide U.S. and foreign firms through the thicket of rules and regulations providing Iran sanctions relief . Most companies will need official assurance not once , not twice , but again and again , before undertaking transactions with or activities in Iran . The White House should be prepared to do the requisite outreach and ensure that both the Treasury and State Department are well-staffed to advise firms on the scope of permissible activities . In spite of the wrong-headed advice of its closest allies , the Obama administration has courageously pursued the diplomatic path with Iran . That political courage can not have been in vain . If , as a senior Obama administration official said this week , "  the next two years will be transformative in ... -LSB- the U.S. - -RSB- Iran relations ... , " then the White House needs to first ensure that it upholds the U.S. 's end of a nuclear bargain . That means not just being prepared to offer Iran sanctions relief , but making sure that the relief sticks and its benefits inure to Iran and its people . There is no better way , after all , to avoid the outcome a nuclear Iran .	White House 's ability to provide Iran with sanctions relief is unclear , writes Tyler Cullis Cullis : A poll suggests Iranians do not believe U.S. is willing to lift sanctions With ISIS conflict , Obama administration can not afford hostilities with Iran , he says White House involvement needs to accelerate , he writes
CNN  -- After a multi-year odyssey marked by almost nonstop partisan bickering , CIA employees hacking into Senate Intelligence Committee computers , and former Bush administration officials launching a pre-emptive public counterattack against the committee 's report , we finally have a summary of the CIA 's use of torture . So what have we learned ? The committee report confirms that six days after the 9/11 attacks , "  President George W. Bush signed a covert action Memorandum of Notification  MON  to authorize the director of central intelligence  DCI  to ` undertake operations designed to capture and detain persons who pose a continuing , serious threat of violence or death to U.S. persons and interest or who are planning terrorist activities . ' " That decision put the CIA on the path to revive and even expand coercive interrogation techniques it had employed during the Cold War . Some key facts we already knew were confirmed , most importantly that agency personnel violated U.S. and international law by repeatedly waterboarding several detainees , including 9/11 attack mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed . The summary of the report provides lurid details of "  24 " - like interrogation techniques , outlawed by international treaties to which the U.S. is a signatory : running power drills next to the heads of detainees , days of forced sleep deprivation and , in the words of the committee summary , "  threats to harm the children of a detainee , threats to sexually abuse the mother of a detainee , and a threat to ` cut  a detainee 's  mother 's throat . ' " The committee report summary also confirms what many have long believed -- that the torture program produced no actionable intelligence and did not to thwart al Qaeda 's global activities . The former chief of the CIA 's Counterterrorism Center and torture program participant Jose Rodriguez continues to claim that such intelligence was obtained , and that it did in fact save lives . The available record , as laid out by the committee , amply refutes that assertion . And the committee summary could not be clearer about the actions of agency managers and attorneys in the expansion of the use of techniques that were clear violations of international law . According to the committee summary : " ... by the end of November 2001 , CIA officers had begun researching potential legal defenses for using interrogation techniques that were considered torture by foreign governments and a non-governmental organization . " CIA Director George Tenet subsequently sent a letter to Bush urging that the CIA program be exempt from Geneva Convention prohibitions on the use of techniques defined by international law as torture . Whether as federal employees or political appointees , CIA personnel took an oath to uphold the laws of the United States . Instead , they chose to engage in acts that clearly violated those laws , including international treaties banning the use of torture to which the United States is not only a signatory , but a putative leader as well . The response of multiple former intelligence community insiders who authorized or supported these programs is perfectly summed up in this quote from an anonymous former official offered to the Daily Beast earlier this week : "  It goes back to the one basic thing : Whether they did right or they did wrong , they were told to do something , they did it , and they feel like they had the rug pulled out from underneath them . " Indeed , those CIA attorneys and managers who signed off on waterboarding and other tactics had an affirmative obligation to refuse to authorize , much less participate in , a torture program . Now , through de facto surrogates appearing on major media outlets and operating a website attempting to rewrite the history of this dark era , participants in the torture program claim they are the victims for simply following orders . The defense of "  I was just following orders " is never a winning one . The use of mass surveillance and torture are the hallmarks of totalitarian governments . The United States has employed both since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on our nation . While we have yet to renounce the former , the release of this Senate Intelligence Committee torture report summary is a long-overdue first step in renouncing the latter . Let 's hope it 's not the last step .	Senate Intelligence Committee releases report on CIA torture Patrick Eddington : CIA violated U.S. and international law Mass surveillance , torture are hallmarks of totalitarian governments , he says
On March 10 , 1968 , Sen. Robert F. Kennedy made a pilgrimage to the central California farm town of Delano to attend a Catholic Mass and to help Cesar Chavez break a 25-day fast intended to draw attention to the plight of farmworkers . Some of Kennedy 's advisers had warned him not to go . He was thinking about entering the race for president , and his inner circle worried that the gesture to Chavez , president of the United Farm Workers , might antagonize farm groups , a powerful political force in the San Joaquin Valley . Kennedy went anyway , citing his fondness and respect for Chavez , whom he called "  one of the heroic figures of our time . " Weakened by his fast , Chavez still managed to write a powerful statement that was read by a union supporter , the Rev. Jim Drake . It went : "  It is my deepest belief that only by giving our lives do we find life . I am convinced that the truest act of courage , the strongest act of manliness is to sacrifice ourselves for others in a totally nonviolent struggle for justice . To be a man is to suffer for others . God help us to be men ! " Obama to honor iconic Latino activist with new monument Kennedy responded by telling those who had gathered : "  When your children and grandchildren take their place in America , going to high school and college , and taking good jobs at good pay , when you look at them you will say , ' I did this , I was there at the point of difficulty and danger . ' And though you may be old and bent from many years of hard labor , no man will stand taller than you when you say , ' I was there . I marched with Cesar ! ' " President Obama made his own pilgrimage Monday to the farmland of central California . In his first visit there as president , Obama will formally establish the Cesar E. Chavez National Monument on a piece of property in Keene , east of Bakersfield . Known as Nuestra Senora Reina de la Paz , or Our Lady Queen of Peace , the property served as the national headquarters of the United Farm Workers . Kennedy made his visit despite the politics of the day , but Obama 's visit is all about politics . The Chavez dedication is some campaign aide 's bright idea of how to turn out Latino voters -- 70 % of whom support Obama over Mitt Romney -- on Election Day . It 's a rookie mistake -- the kind you expect from people whose knowledge of America 's largest minority is limited to mariachis and margaritas . I have studied and written about Chavez and the United Farm Workers for more than 25 years . I was also born and raised in the San Joaquin Valley , where so much of the UFW drama played out . I had a confrontation with Chavez in 1990 over the union 's failures , and I 've had a few run-ins since then with UFW Vice President Delores Huerta . And I can tell you this much : Politically , Obama hit a foul ball . Chavez has significance as a historical figure . It is because of the UFW that farmworkers now have clean water and toilets in the fields , collective bargaining , lunch breaks and other legal protections . But Chavez was never a leader for all Latinos . Mexicans and Mexican-Americans might represent more than two-thirds of the U.S. Latino population , but the other third is made up of Puerto Ricans , Cubans , Dominicans and others . To them , Chavez probably means nothing . Even Mexican immigrants do n't have a stake in the legend of Cesar Chavez ; they hear the name , and most of them probably think of the great Mexican boxer , Julio Cesar Chavez . The group that Chavez has the strongest hold on is Mexican-Americans , but not all of them . He matters to baby boomers , but not to Generation X or the so-called millennial generation . And given that most Mexican-Americans now live in the cities -- Los Angeles , Phoenix , Denver , San Antonio , Dallas -- how are they supposed to relate to the memory of someone who was focused on the farms ? In the end , the small sliver of Latinos who will be impressed by Obama 's gesture -- Mexican-American lefties over 50 -- was going to vote for him anyway . So where 's the benefit ? Last , most Latinos disapprove of the president 's heavy-handed immigration policies and record number of deportations . It 's immigration , stupid , say Latino voters in Nevada Chavez earned many titles in his life , but "  champion of immigrants " was not one of them . He was primarily a labor leader who was concerned about illegal immigrants undercutting union members , either by accepting lower wages or crossing picket lines . He never pretended to be anything else , and he resisted attempts by others to widen his agenda . When he pulled workers out of the field during a strike , the last thing he wanted was to see a crew of illegal immigrant workers take away his leverage . According to many historical accounts , Chavez ordered union members to call the Immigration and Naturalization Service and report illegal immigrants who were working in the fields so that they could be deported . Some UFW officials were also known to picket INS offices to demand a crackdown on illegal immigrants . In the 70s , the UFW set up a "  wet line " to stop undocumented Mexican immigrants from entering the United States . Under the supervision of Chavez 's cousin , Manuel , UFW members tried at first to persuade Mexicans not to cross the border . One time when that did n't work , they physically attacked and beat them up to scare them off , according to reports at the time . The Village Voice said that the UFW was engaged in a "  campaign of random terror against anyone hapless enough to fall into its net . " A couple of decades later , in their book "  The Fight in the Fields , " journalists Susan Ferris and Ricardo Sandoval recalled the border violence and wrote that the issue of illegal immigration was "  particularly vexing " for Chavez . UFW loyalists will never admit to this ugly history . But that does n't change it . And this is the person Obama is honoring today with a national monument ? One immigration hardliner paying his respects to another . I guess , in some perverse way , that makes sense . But it wo n't make most Latino voters any more enthusiastic about re-electing Barack Obama . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter .	Today , President Obama goes to opening of Cesar E. Chavez National Monument Chavez was a labor leader who worked for California migrant farmworkers ' rights Ruben Navarrette : This is a political ploy to bolster support from Latino voters Navarrette : Chavez is irrelevant today and his union has ugly history in deportation
CNN  -- A lone backpacker was killed in a grizzly bear attack while hiking in Alaska 's Denali National Park , the National Park Service said Saturday . The first sign of trouble came Friday afternoon , when three hikers noticed an abandoned backpack and signs of a struggle -- including torn clothing and blood -- along the Toklat River , the park service said in a news release . The hikers went back to a rest area , about three miles to the south , and alerted authorities around 5:30 p.m. Friday . About two and a half hours later , park rangers conducting an aerial search spotted at least one grizzly bear and , after touching down , the unidentified victim 's remains . The body remained at the site Friday night after rangers decided to wait until Saturday morning to remove the remains because of the waning light and the number of bears in the area . The park service said that , based on "  initial evidence , " authorities believe a bear attacked the backpacker by the river and dragged his body to a more sheltered , bushy area . The area of the Denali backcountry where the attack occurred has been closed -- prohibiting all hiking and camping in that area -- "  until further notice , " the park service said . About 12 grizzly bears have been living this summer around where Friday 's attack occurred , the park said , citing wildlife biologists . Grizzly bear attacks are not common , though they are not unprecedented . Last September , a grizzly attacked and killed a hunter in northwestern Montana within sight of another hunter . Earlier that year , grizzly bears killed two men in Yellowstone National Park , according to the park 's superintendent . This week 's attack is the "  first known bear mauling fatality " recorded in Denali National Park and Preserve , according to the park service . Boy drowns , another missing in Yosemite National Park river Backpacking for the mind , body and soul	Hikers find an abandoned backpack , torn clothes and blood in Denali National Park Rangers fly over and spot a grizzly bear and eventually a dead hiker It 's the first known "  bear mauling fatality " in Denali , the National Park Service says
U.S. drone strikes killed at least nine suspected members of al Qaeda in Yemen , where clashes intensified Tuesday between the terrorist group and Shia Houthi rebels , local security officials said . The three airstrikes in Yemen 's Al Baitha province , near Radaa district , targeted al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula vehicles on their way to fight Houthis , the three security officials said . The air component came amid fighting on the ground in the province that , according to the officials , killed at least 36 fighters from both sides . Over the years , the Yemeni military , aided by American drone strikes , has failed to beat back AQAP . Yet the Houthis , a militant group that follows the Zaidi sect of Islam , have managed to defeat al Qaeda on numerous fronts , last week sweeping its militants from a stronghold in Al Baitha province . This push spurred AQAP to threaten to kill Houthi followers wherever they are spotted . More than 400 people have been killed from both sides over the past month in ongoing clashes in Al Baitha and Ibb provinces . While Houthis have been critical of U.S. drone strikes in the past , they have not objected to their use in the last month . The Houthis swept to power in Yemen after signing a ceasefire deal with the government in September , ending a political crisis that had halted life in Sanaa and left more than 300 dead in a month . Surge in fighting threatens Yemen 's survival Soldiers killed Since 2012 , Houthis have exploited Yemen 's political vacuum to assert their own regional pull over the country 's highlands while expanding their political traction by establishing Ansar Allah , their new political group . On Saturday , the Interior Ministry confirmed that al Qaeda attacked a government military facility and killed 19 soldiers in the port province of Hodeida . One day later , Houthis sent dozens of fighters there and forced al Qaeda to retreat . Al Qaeda claimed responsibility for eight attacks against Houthis across Yemen in the past three weeks through its official Twitter account . Al Qaeda resurgent in Yemen amid political turmoil Guerrilla tactics After taking control of Sanaa , hundreds of Houthi fighters created checkpoints inside and surrounding the Yemeni capital . They have also expanded their reach into most northern Yemeni provinces . But Houthis are finding it more difficult to crush al Qaeda in Al Baitha , considered one of the network 's main strongholds in central Yemen . "  Houthis are used to military clashes , while al Qaeda uses guerrilla tactics against its enemies . They hit and run unexpectedly , " said AbdulSalam Mohammed , president of the Sanaa-based Abaad Strategic Center . "  Rules of war are different when fighting al Qaeda , " he said . The Houthis have long complained that they have been marginalized and persecuted by Yemen 's Sunni majority , and have been involved in a series of rebellions since 2004 , justifying their actions by claiming self-defense . They are organized under the leadership of Abdel Malek al Houthi . Adding to an increasingly volatile situation , a secessionist movement in the south of Yemen , al Hirak , has stepped up protests in Aden , Yemen 's chief port and the largest city in the south .	Yemeni officials : U.S. drone strikes kill at least nine suspected al Qaeda militants Houthi militias are battling al Qaeda-linked group for territory in Yemen More than 400 people have died in clashes between the two groups in the past month The Houthis are trying to expand their reach after taking control of the capital , Sanaa
CNN  -- Women undergoing in-vitro fertilization should have only one or two embryos transferred during the process , depending on their age , says a study published Wednesday in the British medical journal The Lancet . Transferring three or more embryos during any IVF cycle should be avoided when possible , researchers say . The prospective study analyzed more than 124,000 IVF cycles that ultimately led to the birth of more than 33,000 babies from January 2003 to December 2007 . The data were obtained via the UK Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority , a database of all fertility treatments conducted in the United Kingdom . The study excluded treatment cycles that transferred frozen embryos . The researchers divided the women in to two groups : Women younger than 40 and those 40 and older . The study found that in women 40 and older , transferring more than one embryo resulted in a higher rate of live births . However , transferring three or more embryos in a single cycle also led to a higher rate of health complications for both the mother and the baby , in part because the chance of giving birth to twins or triplets was higher . These two findings led authors to conclude that women who are 40 and older should have two embryos transferred per IVF cycle , while younger women should have only one embryo transferred , and no patients should have more than three embryos transferred at one time . "  We show that even in older women , we should never have more than three embryos transferred , " says Scott Nelson , one of the study authors who is a professor of reproductive and maternal medicine at the University of Glasgow . "  It does n't improve the chances of a woman having a healthy baby . " Dr. Glenn Schattman is a reproductive endocrinologist and the president of the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technologies  SART  . He agrees that maximizing the chance of a healthy pregnancy while at the same time limiting the chance for multiple births should be the ultimate goal of reproductive clinicians . However he disagrees with the study 's interpretation . "  There are limitations of the study that concern me significantly in terms of the conclusions that were drawn , " says Schattman . In the United States , unlike the United Kingdom , transferring three embryos is more of an acceptable practice if certain prognostic indicators are present . According to Schattman , a woman 's age is the most important factor in terms of pregnancy outcome but needs to be looked as a continuous variable . He says one major limitation of Nelson 's study is that the women were lumped in to only two groups : those younger than 40 and then the rest , when in reality the chances of a woman getting pregnant can depend on other variables as well . "  We look at women under the age of 35 , 35 to 37 , 38 to 39 , " and so on , says Schattman . He says transferring three embryos is a valid practice if certain factors are in play , including a woman 's age , the number of failed IVF cycles she has already experienced and the quality of her embryo . "  If you limit the number of embryos you put back inside of a 42-year-old woman , you reduce her chance of having a child , " because implantation rates are so low for a woman that age , says Schattman . Conversely , according to the 2009 embryo transfer guidelines published by SART , a 37-year-old woman could receive three embryos if she had already experienced failed IVF attempts or had poor quality embryos . So what 's the bottom line for women considering IVF ? Because IVF is an involved , often draining , process , Schattman says doctors need to determine how many embryos will be transferred on a case by case basis . "  We ca n't set an absolute limit that applies to every person , " says Schattman . "  Twins are not an ideal outcome and not a desired outcome . You really want to adjust the number of embryos ... to not only maximize the chance of achieving a pregnancy but to counter that with a desire to reduce multiple births . "	Study published in Lancet analyzed more than 124,000 in-vitro fertilization cycles It discourages transferring three or more embryos during any IVF cycle One expert disagrees : "  There are limitations of the study that concern me "
One of the odder , funnier moments of "  Mad Men " came recently when two head honchos , Lane Pryce and Pete Campbell , duked it out in a conference room . The fight lasted only moments , but according to Vincent Kartheiser , who plays Campbell , it was one of those rare moments that creator Matthew Weiner had a vision that aligned with what fans had clamored for over the years . Kartheiser 's portrayal of the young go-getter is an excellent study in how to make an audience despise a character . He 's slimy and cruel and will step right over you , sometimes even on you , just to climb the corporate ladder . And while it 's easy to cast Campbell as one of "  Mad Men "  s villains , still , there 's something sympathetic and likeable about him underneath it all . CNN spoke with Kartheiser about staging fights and social change on "  Mad Men " and why there 's a little Pete Campbell in all of us . CNN : This recent episode featured a fist fight between Pete and Lane . Does a small part of you wish he knocked Lane out ? Kartheiser : Well , no , not really . The reason is , I stopped wishing for things with my character because I 'm very aware that  creator  Matt Weiner has a plan for how this story should go . I trust him like I 've never trusted any writer or creator that I 've worked with . He knows what the audience wants and he rarely gives it to them . But in a rare case , the audience wanted this , very badly , for many a year . It 's one of the few times that Matt 's plans happened to coincide with what the general population of "  Mad Men " wanted . So I 'm kinda glad to give the people a little something that they 've been longing for . To be honest , I take a hit much better than I give one . CNN : When you get a script with Pete in a fight , what 's your reaction ? Do you research how a guy in the '60s would fight . Kartheiser : Most fights that I saw growing up in high school and most fights I 've seen as an adult at bars are pretty stupid . They look ridiculous and rarely do they look two guys who know what they 're doing . So , I did n't do any research . We have a team of people who are very good at researching that stuff . We showed up a week before the fight and had stunt coordinators and had been schooled in the research of the era and what Matt wanted . I 've done a lot of shows where there 's fighting and often times the stunt coordinators can get carried away , throwing in fancy moves and special punches . I love Matt because he comes in and says "  No , that 's not real , that would never happen . Take three punches out and make it real . " I think most people who have seen a fight in real life would be like "  Yep , that 's about right : Two guys who should never be throwing down are taking crazy swings at each other and one guy gets plunked in the nose and that 's game . " CNN : Punches aside , one of the interesting aspects that we 're still seeing evolve with this show is Pete Campbell 's relationship with Don Draper . In a recent episode he was so giddy that his boss was coming to his house . You never see him that happy . Kartheiser : Well , it 's a rite of passage . Don is finally accepting him as a friend , as an equal ! Making the trek out to Cos Cob on the weekend , it seems like he 's going out his way for Pete . And Pete really seems like he needs that kind of attention . John Slattery said , "  In this scene , you 're basically like ` Aw , shucks , boss . You came on down to Cos Cob . ' That whole idea of "  Aw , shucks , " it really helped me in that scene in hitting the right tone . CNN : The show over the years and certainly now hints at these socio-political changes that are happening outside of the office and might be trickling in now . Is that a big thing for this season ? Kartheiser : The times are a-changing and in the first few episodes we 've seen it make its way into Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce . Times have been changing for the last few years . There 's been riots and integration and things have been changing but it has n't affected the lives of these people as profoundly as we maybe the history books would want you to believe . Let 's take something huge , like the war in Iraq . It 's huge and in 30 years we 'll look back and think that everybody 's life was inundated with this war but for most of the people I know , including myself , it had very little effect on us . It has an effect , but we ca n't quite see it yet . It 's the same with the 1960s , and we look back and say : "  Oh , there were these great changes , everyone must 've felt it . " It takes a while for these things to take effect in the exclusive , upper - and middle-class office buildings . We 're just starting to see it now . It 's '66 and it 's starting to hit home . CNN : The show has a handful of directors that are used frequently . Are there stylistic differences that each have that you 're seeing shape different aspects of your performance ? Kartheiser : Every director brings a little taste of themselves . At the end of the day , Matthew Weiner has final cut . At the end of the day , Matthew Weiner will re-shoot a scene if it does n't fit into the look of the show . That 's wonderful . Everyone has stylistic differences and he wants them to express those things , but he wants to make sure that there 's a consistency to the look of the show , to the tone of the show . That being said , I absolutely love John Slattery as a director . He loves the art form of it . CNN : Do you relate to Pete at all at this stage in the show in any way ? Kartheiser : All sorts of times . Something that Matt does wonderfully , is that he writes for his actors . He says : "  What do these people deal with in real life ? " Pete feels emasculated , he feels a bit insecure about his place among the men of the world . ... He does n't have that machismo or the elegance of the men that surround him . I think I can relate to some of those things and some of the way Pete hates himself and worries that the world hates him for those things too . Now , granted , I 'm not trying to say I 'm Pete Campbell . Those issues reside in me as deeply as they do as him . But I have understood those through my life . I think most people can . I think if people took a fearless look at themselves , they 'd see a lot more Pete Campbell than they 'd want to believe . CNN : There 's a great line in this Slate interview where you said people are always asking you about highbrow stuff , but sometimes you 're just a lowbrow dude . I picture you sitting around listening to Katy Perry and enjoying whoopee cushions . Kartheiser :  Laughs  No , I do n't think I 'm a lowbrow dude , feeding off Top 40 and watching Fox News all afternoon . I enjoy reading literature and learning about the world . This show deals with some complex issues -- every episode contains a theme and they come from the minds of some really intelligent people . I 'm just saying I do n't know if I 'm the best person to answer those types of questions . As much as I do n't think I 'm an idiot , those ideas are very profound .	Vincent Kartheiser plays Pete Campbell , a young go-getter on "  Mad Men " Campbell is slimy and cruel and will step right over you to climb the corporate ladder Kartheiser : "  I can relate to ... some of the way Pete hates himself "
North Korea 's saber rattling again shook the world Wednesday . Pyongyang vowed to shut down a key military hotline with South Korea . It was another day of hostile , over-the-top rhetoric from the reclusive , impoverished nation led by Kim Jong Un . But the recent missile and nuclear tests , and the annulment of the 1953 Korean War armistice are raising questions about the young leader . Is his behavior erratic or staged ? Is he competent enough to run a government ? Pyongyang watchers , reading the news and the tea leaves , say the latest hot air wafting over the Korean Peninsula could reflect an effort to prop up appeal and allegiance for Kim . Is the warlike rhetoric for the folks on the home front ? Christopher Hill , a career U.S. diplomat , said the "  prolonged , rather intense " flurry of tough talk out of Pyongyang should n't be ignored , but it could be directed to the citizenry itself . "  I think there 's a big element of domestic North Korean politics , if one can understand that concept , where clearly Kim Jong Un is not being well received , " Hill told CNN . "  I think they are trying to kind of boost his status to some sort of wartime leader . " Is this about Kim trying to consolidate power ? The UK-based Independent newspaper said Kim is working "  to shore up his position . " "  Not only must the new ` supreme leader ' see off challengers from within North Korea 's perhaps skeptical military ; he must also prove to his brutalized , often starving , people that threats from ` foreign imperialists ' must take precedence over , say , early promises of improved living conditions . "  What better than to conduct a nuclear test , and then use the resulting slap on the wrist from the international community as an excuse to ready the troops , tear up the non-aggression pact with Seoul and release incendiary propaganda about , for example , Barack Obama perishing in a nuclear onslaught ? " Is Kim mentally stable ? Is Kim insane ? David Kang and Victor Cha , writing in Foreign Policy , say "  do n't bet on it . " They say he 's a contrast to his introverted dad , Kim Jong Il . In power for more than a year , Kim is very much an extrovert who loves to appear in public , watch his beloved hoops and deliver speeches . "  Much of his behavior may be political theater aimed at convincing his own people that the young general is comfortably in charge , but it is also a contrast with his father 's ruling style , " the authors say . "  Kim Jong Il paid no attention to the public aspect of ruling , whereas his son 's visibility and embrace of popular culture appears to be aimed at convincing North Koreans that changes may actually occur under him . " Is Kim Jong Un more dangerous than his father ? This month , a senior administration official told CNN that Kim Jong Un was "  acting in ways a bit more extreme than his father , who was colder and more calculated . " "  I do n't recall he ever went this far in terms of the pace and scope of the rhetoric . Threatening to launch nukes directly against the United States and South Korea confirms what a lot of people have been saying , which is we are dealing with someone new , " the official added . Another senior administration official said Kim 's youth and education abroad offered promise for many North Korea watchers that he would be more willing to engage with the West . "  Unfortunately , he is following the example of his father and grandfather pretty closely , " the official said . "  It 's hard to be optimistic . " His grandfather , Kim Il Sung , was the founding leader of North Korea . Where will he go beyond political theater ? Kang and Cha said the question that should be asked about Kim is whether he is turning out to be adventurous or cautious . A risk-taking leader "  may or may not be good for North Korea and its relations with the outside world , " they say . Any major changes in foreign policy would bring "  enormous hazards . " Domestic , economic and social reforms also involve risks , they said . "  If Kim moves beyond the political theater of the past 60 years -- chest-thumping , name-calling , threatening to turn Seoul into a ` sea of fire ' -- and actually risks a major military strike against South Korea or even the United States , he is putting his own neck , as well as his country 's , on the line , " they wrote . What if Kim plays it safe ? "  A cautious Kim , who simply pursues the status quo , would mean that North Korean policy will muddle along , with no real change to the frustrating , dangerous , decades-long game of brinksmanship , " they said . What we do n't know about Kim Fred Kaplan , writing in Slate , said Kim Jong Il was schooled to take the reins of power . Kim Jong Un , however , "  is still an unknown quantity . " Kim Jong Un "  had no political or military experience before taking putative control of the army , the party , and the nation . " The young leader "  had little time to learn anything ; his behavior is at best hard to read , and at times bewildering . " Kaplan cites an incident last year . President Obama agreed to provide North Koreans with food aid if they suspended missile and nuclear tests . But Kim embarked on a missile test before the food arrived . He touted the act after Obama canceled the food aid and got the U.N. Security Council to condemn the North Korean action . He compares Kim Jong Un to his father and grandfather . Kim Jong Il and Kim Il Sung "  would make a threat , and wait for the enemy  the United States , South Korea , the U.N. , or some combination of the above  to offer a bribe in exchange for their forbearance . They would take the bribe -- and they 'd forbear , " Kaplan writes . "  But this new Kim took the promise of a bribe -- then went ahead and carried out the threat anyway , even before the payment , in this case desperately needed food , came through . What the hell ? " People now want to know Kim "  knows how to play his family 's game , " Kaplan said . "  It 's always been an odious game , but in the old days , when the father and grandfather were around , it would end with peace , at least for a while , if the west played along , " he said . READ MORE : Korean nightmare : Experts ponder potential conflict READ MORE : North Korea says it is cutting off military communications with the South READ MORE : What 's in a threat ? A look at North Korea 's escalating rhetoric -- and actions	Is the rhetoric meant to boost the North Korean leader 's appeal ? He thrives on political theater Will he be adventurous or cautious ? He 's still an "  unknown quantity "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- At least four rockets slammed into Israel Wednesday , injuring one man and prompting retaliatory Israeli airstrikes that wounded two Palestinian militants , one critically , sources said . The strikes and counterstrikes mark the latest phase in an unusually intense round of violence between Israelis and Palestinians . At least 10 Palestinians have been killed since Saturday , including two children , and though both sides say they do not want the violence to escalate , Wednesday 's attacks show it does not seem to be abating . The Israeli man hurt Wednesday was injured in one of two rocket strikes on Beer Sheva , an Israeli army spokeswoman said . The Israel Defense Forces struck back at a rocket launching site in northern Gaza associated with one of the other attacks Wednesday . Two militants were injured , one critically , Palestinian medical officials and Hamas sources said . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said his country would "  protect our citizens rigorously and determinedly . No country would put up with continuing rocket fire on its cities and civilians , and of course Israel will not put up with that . " "  We are very determined to hit the terrorists and prevent them from harming our citizens , " he added . The violence comes after four Palestinian militants were killed Tuesday evening in an Israeli airstrike in the Zeitoun neighborhood east of Gaza City . Islamic Jihad said all four militants were field commanders for Islamic Jihad . An Israeli army spokeswoman said that an Israeli military aircraft fired toward the group after identifying a group of militants who were preparing to launch a rocket into Israel . In an earlier incident Tuesday , two adults and two children were killed in the Al-Shajaieh neighborhood east of Gaza City when shells from Israeli tanks hit a house there , the sources said . The children , 11-year-old Mohammed Jihad Al-Hilo and 16-year-old Yasser Ahed Al-Hilo , were playing soccer outside their house when the shells hit , the sources said . Yasser Hamed Al-Hilo , 50 , and Mohamad Saber Harara , 20 , were also killed , according to the sources . Eight others were wounded , three of them critically , they said . The IDF said the mortar attack was carried out in response to the launch from Gaza of four military-use projectiles into the Shaar Hanegev regional council area . "  It appears that uninvolved civilians were injured as a result , " the IDF said . The incident was under investigation by the IDF . "  The IDF does not want an escalation of violence in the South , " an IDF spokesman said . In a statement , Netanyahu expressed regret over the deaths and injuries of Gaza civilians in Tuesday 's Israeli military action and said the strikes were carried out in response to Hamas attacks on Israeli citizens . "  It 's unfortunate that Hamas continues to intentionally rain down dozens of rockets on Israeli civilians using its own civilians as shields , " he said . "  Israel has no intention of bringing about a deterioration of the situation , but at the same time the IDF will continue to act decisively to protect Israeli citizens . " Hamas condemned the killings east of Gaza City . "  The massacre in Al-Shajaieh neighborhood is a war crime and the Israeli occupation bears full responsibility , " it said in a statement . Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad also condemned what he called "  the Israeli aggression against the civilians " and asked for international protection of civilians . He called the military shelling of residential neighborhoods a "  dangerous escalation that should be ended . " Since Saturday , 10 Palestinians have been killed and at least 37 others wounded in a series of incidents in Gaza , Palestinian medical sources said . Also since Saturday , 61 mortars and rockets have been fired into southern Israel , the IDF said . CNN 's Michal Zippori , Kareem Khadder and Talal Abu Rahma contributed to this report .	NEW : Netanyahu says no country would put up with rocket attacks on its citizens The rocket attacks and counterstrike come amid heightened violence in the past week Four Palestinian militants were killed Tuesday evening Israel says mortars and rockets have been fired from Gaza into southern Israel
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- A prominent Thai political activist was shot and wounded Wednesday , the day after the national government declared a state of emergency amid violence-plagued protests in Bangkok , a police official said . Unidentified people in a pickup truck opened fire on Kwanchai Praipana , a local leader of the pro-government "  red shirt " movement , outside his home in Udon Thani province in northeastern Thailand , said police official Col. Kovit Charionwattanasak . His wounds are n't life-threatening , Kovit said . Police suspect the shooting may be politically motivated , he said , but they have n't ruled out a connection to Kwanchai 's "  personal conflicts . " The attack is likely to fan tensions in Thailand 's political crisis . In Bangkok , demonstrations against Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra have been hit by attacks with explosives in the past week that have killed one person and wounded dozens . The violence , whose perpetrators have n't been identified , prompted authorities to impose the state of emergency , which went into effect Wednesday and lasts 60 days . The emergency decree gives authorities the power to impose curfews , detain suspects without court permission , censor media and declare parts of the capital off-limits . Political divide The red shirts -- who draw their support from the populous , less affluent northeast of Thailand -- support Yingluck 's government . On the other side of the country 's political divide are the anti-government protesters , who are loosely allied with the opposition Democrat Party . Since the protesters began their campaign against Yingluck 's government in November , at least nine people have died and hundreds have been wounded , according to authorities . In a bid to resolve the crisis , Yingluck dissolved parliament last month and called for new elections to be held February 2 . But the move has done little to appease protesters . They have called on Yingluck to step down from her caretaker position and be replaced by an unelected "  people 's council , " which would see through electoral and political changes . They want the elections postponed , and the Democrat Party has said it will boycott the vote . Protesters remain on streets Thailand 's national security chief , Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathubut said the emergency decree had been considered because "  we are predicting that  the  situation might get more violent " as the vote nears . "  We are witnessing more gun shootings and bomb incidents on the streets of Bangkok , " he said . Thousands of protesters have remained on the streets ahead of the elections . The latest round of demonstrations , which began last week , was aimed at shutting down Bangkok . They have succeeded in disrupting traffic at major intersections in the city , but their numbers have fallen significantly since the initial rallies . Protest leaders have said they want to rid Thailand of the influence of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , the older brother of Yingluck . Thaksin was ousted in a military coup in 2006 and has spent most of the time since then in exile overseas . If he returns , he risks a two-year prison sentence on a corruption conviction , which he says was politically motivated . They say Yingluck is merely a puppet of Thaksin , a divisive figure who built his support on populist policies that pleased residents of the north and northeast . Yingluck has repeatedly denied her brother calls the shots in the government . The protest movement in Bangkok began as an angry response to a botched attempt by Yingluck 's government to pass an amnesty bill that would have opened the door for Thaksin 's return . Thailand 's worst bout of civil unrest took place in 2010 , when the government -- run at the time by the Democrat Party -- ordered a crackdown on red shirt protesters , leaving about 90 people dead . CNN 's Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	NEW : A leading red shirt in northeast Thailand is shot and wounded outside his home NEW : His wounds are n't life threatening , police say , but the act may be politically driven The government has imposed a state of emergency after a series of violent attacks Thousands of protesters have rallied in Bangkok ahead of February 2 elections
CNN  -- A Boeing 777 , one of the world 's most reliable types of airliners , is missing , and no one knows why . Was it a bomb ? Mechanical failure ? A hijacking gone awry ? Pilots and others in the aviation community are deeply disturbed by the mystery surrounding Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . It disappeared Saturday en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing over the Gulf of Thailand , somewhere between Malaysia and Vietnam . It 's hard to believe that such huge questions remain four days after the Boeing 777-200ER went missing , carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew members . A revelation Wednesday set off a fresh wave of speculation , as Chinese officials said they had captured satellite images that show what could be wreckage from the plane . The situation is so unprecedented that experts have been careful in speculating about possible explanations . Here are four scenarios they 're talking about , and the related facts : 1 . Scenario : Mechanical failure ? Fact : A satellite "  observed a suspected crash area at sea , " China 's State Administration for Science , Technology and Industry for National Defense said Wednesday . The images captured three floating objects that are 13 by 18 meters  43 by 59 feet  , 14 by 19 meters  46 by 62 feet  and 24 by 22 meters  79 feet by 72 feet  . Analysis : The location of the objects is near the airplane 's original flight path . "  This opens the door back to an aeronautical problem and not a human problem , " said Peter Goelz , a former managing director of the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board . But Steven Wallace , the Federal Aviation Administration 's former director of accident investigation , cautioned that the size of the objects might be too large to be wreckage from an airplane . "  When an airplane goes into the water , whether it impacts intact or breaks up at high altitude , what floats are lighter-weight , typically interior components . Major structural components will sink . So if this image -- and it 's a blurry image ; I 'm sure it will be more carefully analyzed -- if it 's true that the piece of wreckage is 40 by 70 feet , I would be very skeptical as to whether it 's part of that aircraft . " Fact : Air traffic controllers in Subang , outside Kuala Lumpur , lost contact with the plane over the sea between Malaysia and Vietnam . A senior Malaysian Air Force official said Tuesday that radar tracking detected the flight an hour and 10 minutes later over the very small island of Pulau Perak , in the Strait of Malacca . This is hundreds of miles off course , traveling in the opposite direction from its original destination . But other Malaysian officials disputed that report . And on Wednesday , Malaysian authorities said radar records did detect an unidentified aircraft moving into the Strait of Malacca , but it was n't clear whether that plane was Flight 370 . Analysis : If the plane did indeed change course and fly for more than an hour , an electrical problem on the plane could explain that , some experts say . "  Perhaps there was a power problem , and then there 's a backup power system . That backup power system is designed to last about an hour . It 's natural for the pilot , in my view , to return to where he knows , the airports and a region he knows , " said Kit Darby , an aviation consultant and former United Airlines captain . "  So turning around makes sense , and about an hour later , the airplane could become unflyable . " Fact : The missing plane had suffered a clipped wing tip in the past , but Boeing repaired it , and the jet was safe to fly , said Malaysia Airlines CEO Ahmad Jauhari Yahya on Sunday . Analysis : "  Anytime there 's been previous damage to an airplane , even though it 's been repaired , and repaired within standards ... it kind of sends a warning flag , " says Wolzinger . Experts agree the Boeing 777 is one of the world 's most reliable aircraft . During its development it was subject to some of the most rigorous testing in commercial aviation history . "  I 've been talking with colleagues , " Wolzinger says . "  We 're all baffled by this . " The 777 boasts some of the most powerful and well-tested engines in the world , he says . "  The reliability of airliner engines in general is impeccable these days , " he says . "  This is a safe plane . " Looking for a needle in a haystack 2 . Scenario : Hijacking ? Fact : Before it disappeared , radar data indicated the plane may have turned around to head back to Kuala Lumpur . Is that a clue that a hijacker had ordered the plane to change course ? Analysis : So far , there have been no reports that the flight crew sent any signals that a hijacking had occurred . Some experts say that could have been deliberate . Others say a mechanical failure could have been what stopped the pilots from reporting a problem . Fact : The plane had stopped sending identifying transponder codes before it disappeared . Analysis : "  Given that this airplane has so many redundant electrical systems on it , my first reaction would be that somebody ... purposely turned it off , " said John Goglia , a former U.S. National Transportation Safety Board member . "  A pilot would not do that . Somebody that did n't want to be seen very well would do that . " John Ransom , a retired commercial pilot and safety consultant , said the situation sounds fishy . "  This was a fairly modern airplane with a bunch of capability to communicate with the outside world . A lot of data transmissions from the airplane , " he said . "  For them to all stop at the same time would take the work of somebody who has actually studied the systems in some detail to know how to turn off all of the systems at the same time . " Turning off a transponder is a "  deliberate process , " Goelz said . "  If someone did that in the cockpit , " he said , "  they were doing it to disguise the route of the plane . " Was someone unauthorized inside the cockpit , ordering the transponders to be turned off and the plane to be turned around ? Or , he said , "  Did one of the pilots do it themselves ? " 3 . Scenario : Pilot error Fact : So far , there are no known indications that pilot error contributed to the aircraft going missing . Analysis : Some aviation experts have compared Flight 370 to the crash of Air France Flight 447 in 2009 . All 228 passengers and crew died when the plane went down in a storm in the Atlantic en route from Brazil to Paris . After an expensive , nearly two-year search across the deep ocean floor , the twin-engine Airbus A330 's wreckage was finally found and the voice and data recorders recovered . A French investigation blamed flight crew for failing to understand "  they were in a stall situation and therefore never undertook any recovery maneuvers . " But unlike Flight 447 , weather was reported as good along Flight 370 's scheduled route and did n't appear to present a threat . Asiana Airlines Flight 217 -- a Boeing 777 -- fell short during a runway approach last July at San Francisco International Airport . Three people were killed and more than 180 others hurt . National Transportation Safety Board investigators have focused on pilot reliance on automated flight systems as a possible contributor to the crash , but a final report has not yet been released . 4 . Scenario : Terrorist attack ? Fact : Two stolen passports have been linked to people who held tickets for the flight . Interpol identified the men using the stolen passports as Pouri Nourmohammadi , 18 , and Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza , 29 , both Iranians . Malaysian police believe Nourmohammadi was trying to emigrate to Germany using the stolen Austrian passport . Analysis : Malaysian investigators say there 's no evidence to suggest either person traveling with a stolen passport was connected to any terrorist organizations . Interpol has a similar take . "  The more information we get , the more we 're inclined to conclude that it was not a terrorist incident , " Interpol Secretary General Ronald Noble said . But some experts have questioned whether the use of the stolen passports suggests problems with the security screening for the flight . And CIA Director John Brennan said his agency is not yet willing to discount the possibility of a terror link in what he called a "  very disturbing " mystery . "  No , we 're not ruling it out . Not at all , " he said Tuesday . Fact : No one has claimed credit for any terrorist act tied with the plane 's disappearance . Analysis : But terrorism still ca n't be ruled out , said Shawn Henry , former executive assistant director of the FBI . "  There might be another reason for them not coming forward at this point , " he said . "  If it was a terrorist incident ... if this was part of a much larger or broader potential act , and for whatever reason , they would n't come forward at this point , but at a later time . " Fact : So far , no debris field of plane wreckage has been linked to the 777 , which would indicate a bomb blast . Analysis : When Robert Francis , former vice chairman of the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board , heard about the missing plane , his immediate thought was : "  For some reason the aircraft blew up and there was no signal , there was nothing . " The fact that the plane disappeared from radar without warning indicated to Francis "  there was something unprecedented that has n't happened before . " What about satellite technology ? Is it possible that data from orbiting satellites might show a flash or infrared heat signature from an explosion ? Very unlikely , says satellite expert Brian Weeden , who spent years tracking space junk in orbit for the U.S. Air Force . Dozens of government and private satellites orbit the earth , looking down from distances from 300 kilometers to 1,500 kilometers  185 to 930 miles  . It 's a long shot that one of them coincidentally floated over at the exact right time and location to capture a flash from an explosion . However , there 's an "  off chance , " Weeden says , that a super-secret U.S. government satellite orbiting 22,000 miles in space might have grabbed evidence . These satellites are in geosynchronous orbit . As a group , they can observe virtually the entire globe . "  We know that their mission is to detect ballistic missile launches via heat , " says Weeden , now a technical adviser for Secure World Foundation . "  We do n't know if they 're sensitive enough to track something like a bomb blast , even if that 's what happened . " Then there 's another unanswerable question : Would the government hesitate to release such an image for fear of revealing the satellite system 's ultraclassified capability ? Who travels with a stolen passport ? CNN 's Steve Almasy and Rene Marsh contributed to this report .	NEW : China : A satellite has "  observed a suspected crash area at sea " A Malaysian military official 's revelation sets off a fresh wave of speculation ` Baffled ' experts speculate on what happened to missing airliner Did the plane ditch on the water and then sink ?
CNN  -- Iran has struck up a new , conciliatory chord on negotiations about its nuclear program . And its leaders say it 's eager to get down to business . Foreign minister Javad Zarif reiterated Iran 's apparent haste to reach an international agreement on its energy program in a statement Monday . Zarif hopes that together Iran and the West will be able to work out a "  roadmap " a day after Iran presents its latest plan at the U.N. to secure its energy independence and build international trust . He would like an additional meeting on Wednesday in Geneva , Switzerland , with ministers from the countries from the P5 +1 in order to hammer out the details , he said on his Facebook account . The meeting would include the United States , Russia , China , France and Britain -- the countries with permanent seats on the UN Security Council -- plus Germany . "  As I 've said before , a rather difficult and time consuming process begins tomorrow , " Zarif wrote . "  Hopefully by Wednesday we can agree on a roadmap to reach a solution . But even if the other party , in good faith , agrees on the details , a new ministerial meeting will be needed . " Good faith Zarif 's statement follows an apparent about-face in Iran 's tone towards the United States and its Western allies that has set in since the election in Iran of its new president , Hassan Rouhani , who replaced Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Ahmadinejad was known for caustic and threatening rhetoric towards the United States and Israel . Rouhani has struck a much friendlier tone . During his visit to the UN General Assembly in late September , Rouhani 's diplomatic approach raised hopes in the West of a thaw with Iran and progress in negotiations on its nuclear program . Many fear Iran is pursuing the development of a nuclear bomb . Iran has always maintained that it is developing nuclear energy capabilities for peaceful purposes only . On message Zarif 's Facebook post is not surprising and is on message with his own previous statements and with those of his colleague Ali Larijani , Iran 's powerful speaker of the parliament and a close associate of Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Sayyed Ali Khamenei . Iran is serious about resolving the dispute over its nuclear program , and is keen to resolve the issue "  in a short period of time , " the speaker of Iran 's parliament , Ali Larijani , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in an exclusive interview last week . "  From Iran 's side , I can say that we are ready , " Larijani said from Geneva . "  If the Americans and other countries say that Iran should not develop a nuclear bomb or should not move towards that , " he told Amanpour , "  then we can clearly show and prove that . We have no such intention . So it can be resolved in a very short period of time . " Nonetheless , Larijani said , the West must accept Iran 's right to enrich nuclear fuel for civilian purposes , as allowed under the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons  NPT  , to which Iran is a signatory . Critics have expressed suspicions over that enrichment , fearing the Iran may secretly be transforming nuclear fuel into atomic bomb-grade materials . Relaxing sanctions Some believe that Iran 's recent opening and seeming willingness to negotiate seriously over its nuclear program may be a result of crippling sanctions on its economy . Shortly after this year 's U.N. General Assembly ended , a State Department official said the United States would be prepared to consider relaxing certain sanctions on Iran if it engaged in confidence-building steps to prove its sincerity to negotiate over its disputed nuclear program . But this will take time and trust building . Under Secretary of State Wendy Sherman , who is in Geneva , has made clear that the entire sanctions regime targeting Iran would not be lifted "  any time soon " unless the entire litany of concerns about Iran 's nuclear program were fully addressed . CNN 's Jamie Crawford and Mick Kever contributed to this report	Iran has struck up a new , diplomatic tone with the United States and its allies Iranian leaders will reveal a new plan to become energy independent on Tuesday They meet with U.S. , Russian , Chinese , French , British and German ministers in Geneva Iran 's foreign minister says he can hammer out a deal with one more day with the P5 +1
New York  CNN  -- Police on Tuesday busted a $ 7 million drug and prostitution ring that spanned three states , arresting 15 suspects and freeing two trafficking victims in Manhattan , according to the New York Attorney General . After a 16-month investigation , authorities say they broke up the alleged operation at a midtown Manhattan advertising agency called Somad Enterprises Inc. , which maintains offices in Queens , New Jersey , Pennsylvania and the Philippines . Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman said the enterprise "  made millions of dollars by profiting off the exploitation of women . " The charges range from money laundering and falsifying business records to narcotics sales and prostitution . Authorities say they are still searching for four other suspects . A total of 19 suspects could each face up to 25 years in prison . "  All anyone has to do is open a copy of the Village Voice to get a good sense of how classified advertising and prostitution go hand in hand , particularly in the prostituting of Asian women , " said Police Commissioner Ray Kelly , referring to a Manhattan newspaper . Somad Enterprises allegedly put forth print and television advertisements to "  knowingly and systematically promote prostitution . " From January 2010 to October 2012 , it is accused of shelling out more than $ 3 million in advertising to promote the illicit business , while closely managing everything from the bookers to the drivers . Somad could not be immediately reach for comment . New York madam pleads guilt to running prostitution ring	New York Attorney General says alleged operation in Manhattan is broken up Official says ring "  made millions of dollars by profiting off the exploitation of women " The agency is called Somad Enterprises ; the firm could not be reached for comment Fifteen suspects arrested ; authorities are searching for four more
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- CNN talk show host Larry King and his wife , Shawn King , each filed for divorce Wednesday in Los Angeles Superior Court . Both cited "  irreconcilable differences " in their filings , but they disagreed over custody of the two children from the 12 years of marriage . He wants to share legal and physical custody of the boys with her , but she is asking the court to grant physical custody to her alone . The Kings have two sons , ages 9 and 11 . "  His major concern is for the children and beyond that he will have no further comment , " Larry King 's publicist said in a written statement . Shawn King 's lawyer did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . The documents said the couple separated on Tuesday , the same day Shawn King signed her papers . Larry King 's signature was dated Wednesday . Both petitions were filed Wednesday . Each is asking that they not be ordered to pay spousal support to the other , and they both want the other to pay their attorney fees . While his filing offers little detail about what marital property he will claim , her petition lists the Beverly Hills , California , home where the couple has resided for the past two years and two Utah houses . Larry King asked the court to declare any "  purported transmutation agreement " to be "  null , void and unenforceable . " California law provides for marital contracts , known as transmutation agreements , to designate ownership of certain property between spouses . When Larry King , 76 , married Shawn Engemann Southwick , 50 , on September 5 , 1997 , it was his eighth marriage to seven women . King has hosted a nightly prime time talk show on CNN since June 1985 . He hosted a late night national radio talk show before joining CNN .	Larry and Shawn King have been married for 12 years , have 2 sons The two differ in requests for child custody arrangements CNN talk show host has been married 8 times to 7 women
CNN  -- Formula One drivers threatened to boycott the German GP this weekend if the tire problems which blighted the British round at Silverstone are repeated . The Grand Prix Drivers ' Association  GPDA  issued a statement after a meeting Thursday to "  express their deepest concerns " over the events Sunday which saw five drivers , including race leader Lewis Hamilton , suffer high speed blow outs . Manufacturer Pirelli promised prompt action after the chaotic scenes and new tires will be used , which feature a Kevlar belt rather than the steel one previously used , apparently offering better protection from punctures . Teams have also been banned from tire swapping and have been told to adhere to limits on tire pressures . "  We trust that the changes made to the tires will have the desired results and that similar problems will not occur during the German GP weekend , " said the GPDA . "  We are ready to drive our cars to the limit , as we always do , and as it is expected by our teams , sponsors and fans . " Aside from Hamilton , who battled back to fourth place behind victorious Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg , Felipe Massa , Jean-Eric Vergne , Sergio Perez and Esteban Gutierrez were also affected , with four of the drivers suffering the same left rear tire blow out . The stars of the grid said that if similar events manifested themselves at Nurburgring then they would not hesitate to pull out of the race . "  We shall immediately withdraw from the event , as this avoidable problem with the tires endangers again the lives of drivers , marshals and fans , " ended the statement . Earlier , Ferrari ace Fernando Alonso , who narrowly avoided serious injury when debris from Perez 's puncture nearly hit him at high speed , said he was keeping his fingers crossed that the problems will be eradicated by the new measures introduced by Pirelli . "  At the moment , we ca n't make any predictions , because no one has tried them and we do n't know what and how many benefits they can bring , apart from trusting in the fact that it wo n't be dangerous to race , " he told the official Ferrari website . "  Let 's hope that means all drivers can race in safe conditions , " he added . Alonso , second in the title race , will be hoping the triple defending champion Sebastian Vettel will extend his run of failing to win his home grand prix , despite his incredible success of recent seasons in the Red Bull . The 26-year-old German secured his first podium finish in F1 at the 2009 race but has not improved on that result . "  Surely , it is special , " he said . "  In terms of championship points , it is the same as every other place , but it is something special to race in front of your home crowd , " he told the official F1 website . Friday sees the first practice runs on the famous circuit and the first chance to see if any further tire problems arise after last Sunday 's worrying scenes .	F1 drivers threaten to boycott German GP over tire safety Their association expresses grave concerns over events at Silverstone Five drivers suffered tire failures in British Grand Prix Fernando Alonso says they have to place trust in tire manufacturer Pirelli
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Throughout her career , singer-songwriter Cyndi Lauper has promoted gay and lesbian rights . She has a personal connection to this cause -- her sister is a lesbian -- but she also believes it 's a matter of fairness . Cyndi Lauper worked with Cathy Nelson of the Human Rights Campaign to raise awareness of LGBT issues . "  It 's always wrong to discriminate , " the Grammy Award winner said . "  I grew up in the civil rights movement . It was wrong then , and it is wrong now . " With her 2007 and 2008 "  True Colors " tours , Lauper has helped raise awareness about lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights around the country . She said fellow LGBT activist Cathy Nelson especially motivates her . Nelson worked at the Human Rights Campaign  HRC  , a national LGBT civil rights organization , and her dedication to those issues runs deep . Fighting for fairness and equality , she said , drives her . "  I 'm a lesbian , and I see the issues very personally , " Nelson said . "  When it deep-down resonates that you do n't have the same rights and responsibilities , or people do n't view you the same , it can be demoralizing and empowering at the same time . " Nelson 's passion for the cause has enabled her to inspire thousands of people across the country to get involved . When she was growing up in rural Illinois , Nelson said , she had n't imagined following this path . She trained to be a teacher , but on a whim , became a flight attendant with Eastern Airlines to fulfill her "  intense desire to travel . " In the 1980s , she became involved with labor issues through her flight attendant union . That led to working on women 's issues with the National Organization of Women in Washington . In 1989 , she started working for the HRC . Since then , she has helped bring LGBT rights out of the closet and onto the national stage . Hired to increase the group 's membership , Nelson built a strong volunteer network in communities across the nation . HRC had just 12,000 members when Nelson started . Today it has more than 725,000 , making it the largest gay and lesbian rights organization in the country . "  Part of my job is getting people to be vocal , " Nelson said . "  It 's important that everyone has an understanding that discrimination is happening every single day against a certain segment of society . And that 's just wrong . " In 2007 , when Lauper worked with HRC for the "  True Colors " tour , she and Nelson teamed up to bring gay and straight audiences together on fairness and equality issues . Nelson realized it was also an opportunity to shine the spotlight on an issue she 'd worked on for almost a decade -- the passage of a hate crimes bill that would make attacks based on sexual orientation , disability , or gender a federal crime . For Nelson , crimes against LGBT people -- such as the murder of Matthew Shepard -- represent the darkest side of ignorance on these issues . In 2006 , more than one in six hate crimes were committed against LGBT individuals , an 18 percent rise over the previous year , according to the FBI . "  I learned from Cathy that hate crimes send fear through a community , " Lauper said . "  You could die just because of who you are . " Watch Lauper and Nelson talk about the "  True Colors " tour to raise awareness " At every concert , Lauper spoke passionately about the need to pass the bill , and her song , "  True Colors , " was used in a public service announcement about the legislation . HRC volunteers distributed information at each venue and had postcards on hand for people to send to their legislators . In the end , more than 15,000 people signed postcards , and both houses of Congress passed the bill by wide margins . Although President Bush never signed the bill , Nelson and Lauper have high hopes for it to soon become law . For Nelson , getting so many people engaged was a key achievement . "  The biggest reward for me is when I 've played some part in empowering someone to get involved , " she said . Lauper knows first-hand how convincing Nelson can be . "  The fact that you can actually succeed and help people -- you really get that from her , " she said . "  People like Cathy get all of us motivated . "	Lauper and Cathy Nelson campaigned together for gay and lesbian rights Nelson helped the Human Rights Campaign go from 12,000 members to 725,000 Lauper and Nelson lobbied to expand federal hate crimes laws
CNN  -- Who says the media are n't interested in good news ? Fox News has been broadcasting lots of it for Mitt Romney this week . Never have so many gray clouds had silver linings as those hovering over the hapless Republican candidate and his deflating campaign . I bring you this report after having ventured into Bill O'Reilly 's "  No-Spin Zone , " and believe me , his initial shout-out urging viewers to exercise "  caution " before watching is fully , if unintentionally , appropriate . Apparently in Fox World , "  no-spin " means "  I am now going to share my news-based fantasies . " The Wednesday broadcast featured Dick Morris , Karl Rove and Dennis Miller , an a-cappella chorus humming O'Reilly 's favorite tunes : that the mainstream media is rooting for Obama ; that the polls consistently misrepresent a race that is still a dead heat ; that Romney will re-emerge from this autumnal swoon by winning the October 3 debate through his superior if often-invisible oratorical skills ; that Romney is in decline simply because voters do n't yet understand the necessity of top-end tax cuts , the sanctity of corporate profits and the horror of social welfare spending run amok . Across its programs , the Fox News mantra is "  there 's still plenty of time . " That 's a truism , but chanting the obvious is not among the standard definitions of journalism . Institutionally , Fox is in denial about the state of the campaign . Romney is looking very weak very early . The attempt to avoid reporting this state of play in a "  fair and balanced " way is producing comical results . Stylistically , the O'Reilly quartet may be on to something new . We 've had mainstream journalism , alternative journalism , conservative journalism . This appears to be vaudeville journalism . Wednesday , the verisimilitude of the performance was maintained by the illusion that of the four , only Miller is a stand-up comic . Toobin : Why are candidates silent on Supreme Court ? Rove 's role is nuttily professorial . He has adopted one of those erasable white slates popularized by the late Tim Russert . On it he scribbles integers with plus or minus signs . These , he alleges , are the amounts being added to President Barack Obama and/or subtracted from Romney by such daredevil organizations as The New York Times , The Washington Post , CBS , NBC , CNN , Gallup and the co-opted poll-averagers at the website RealClearPolitics . Bottom line : This vast conspiracy is downgrading Romney three to nine points by using screens that overstate the votes of blacks , Latinos , Asians , women and the young . Morris , who is beginning to bear a waxen resemblance to Orson Welles , explained , I think , that pollsters cheat by using false baseline figures from previous elections . Morris did n't have time to explicate fully how every news organization except Fox has signed up to help Obama by disseminating these cooked figures . Even so , O'Reilly thanked Morris for explaining polling mysteries he said he had not previously understood . Opinion : Why Romney 's rallies are a waste of time The effect was somewhat spoiled by an unscripted guest from reality , Larry Sabato , the scholarly political scientist from the University of Virginia , who immediately dismissed Morris ' rant as "  grassy-knoll " statistics . He added that the poll averages on RealClearPolitics had things about right . Obama was ahead by about four points nationally . Of the big-three swing states , Sabato said , perhaps in order not to appear rude to his host , only Florida is still close . The presence of Miller is apparently driven by commercial considerations . He and O'Reilly now have a lecture-circuit act that is selling out in such venues as Houston and Las Vegas . The closest I 've heard Miller come to elegant public-policy analysis was to call Obama a "  crap president " earlier this week . As a nod to factuality , O'Reilly does call Miller a "  satirist " and , less plausibly , an NFL expert , due to his badly reviewed stint on Monday Night Football . In any event , it 's hard to imagine anyone with a master 's in public policy from Harvard , which O'Reilly has , consulting Miller on an important national election -- unless there 's money in it . Which brings us to the interesting case of O'Reilly himself . O'Reilly is no dummy , and he did work as a broadcast news professional before veering into infotainment with "  Inside Edition " and the Fox gig . For all his pugnacity , these days O'Reilly has the look of a man doing beautiful pirouettes on increasingly thin ice . He 's clearly angling to survive a Romney train wreck with some credible deniability by leaving the delusional commentary to Rove et al. and hinting at his suppressed misgivings about Romney 's chances . Opinion : For GOP , it 's the social issues , stupid He 's not a man easily knocked off balance by contrary evidence . Thursday he opened with Fox 's own poll , which presumably lacked the evils defined by Rove and Morris . It showed Obama 's favorability up by 51 % to Romney 's 48 % . It was , from a Foxian point of view , a nicer number than Obama 's five point head-to-head lead , 48 % to 43 % . Cannily , he drops in terms such as "  in fairness to Obama , " praises the president 's campaigning skills and takes note of criticism of Romney by other conservatives . He hangs his hat on the observation that October 3 is Romney 's last chance to get back in the race . This leaves him room to turn around if the polls -- we 're talking the real ones here -- do n't . O'Reilly 's newest hedge , unveiled with Fox 's bleak new poll , is that the "  likability " factor gives Obama an advantage with "  uninformed , casual voters . " I think there 's a secret behind O'Reilly 's trademark smirk . Were it in his interest to say what 's on his mind about the candidates ' performance to date , he 'd almost certainly admit that Obama has come on like a superstar candidate of the Reagan ilk , and so far Romney is one of the biggest duds in post-World War II presidential elections . Right now , Fox News ' general excuse for Romney is that he 's not getting his "  message " across . I 'll tune in from time to time to see when the news from the real world arrives in the Fox studios . The message of Romney 's tooth-and-fang financial-market capitalism is driving down the polls , and the messenger is coming across as an unlikable empty suit , even when he ditches his tie and jacket . At a certain point , campaigns in early decline begin to reek of impending defeat . I ca n't wait to see how they spin that in the no-spin zone . Meanwhile , we can contemplate the dilemma of another O'Reilly regular , the Loneliest in the Public Opinion Trade , aka pollster Scott Rasmussen . He 's telling O'Reilly the race is tied within the margin of error around 46 % or 47 % . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howell Raines .	Howell Raines : Fox News has been contorting to deliver good news for Romney 's campaign He says commentators ' spin attributes Obama gains to media distortion , voter ignorance , etc. . Raines : Bill O'Reilly says evenhanded things for deniability if spin is wrong , Romney fails Raines : It will be interesting to see Fox spin if campaign should begin to reek of defeat
New York  CNN  -- Do n't think raising money for nonprofits is an overly sexy undertaking ? Do n't tell actor and activist Edward Norton . "  Crowdrise is pretty much the most fun you can have making a difference without taking any illegal substances , " Norton said about the online initiative he announced Tuesday at the Mashable Media Summit . The summit , co-sponsored by CNN.com , is part of Internet Week New York . At Crowdrise.com , Norton and his colleagues have set up what they hope will become a crowdsourced community of volunteers and fundraisers to support a host of causes -- from global environmental threats to local clean-up projects . Norton , a longtime activist who 's been involved in issues ranging from environmental protection to affordable housing , took his first plunge into online fundraising last year . He ran the New York City Marathon and , in the months leading up to it , took to Twitter and a website to raise pledges that would go to the Maasai Wilderness Conservation Fund -- a charity working for sustainable development in eastern Africa . In that effort , Norton and other supporters offered gifts and other incentives to inspire giving . "  When we came out the back side of it , we definitely felt it was like a beta test on how to create a good tool for anybody to do the same thing we were doing , " Norton told CNN . "  We took a lot of lessons we learned from the Maasai run and created something that anybody could use . " Norton , whose credits include "  Fight Club " and "  The Incredible Hulk , " said his group wanted Crowdrise to be fun and easy to use . It lets anyone create a profile , register a cause , ask for donations then communicate with supporters in creative ways . Nonprofits already using the site include both large and small organizations . "  Crowdrise is the only website that makes it so easy to turn our base of passionate grassroots advocates into a base of passionate fundraisers , " said Danielle Murray , associate director of the Conservation Lands Foundation .	Norton , colleagues have set up a web community of volunteers , fundraisers to support causes Crowdrise lets users register a cause , ask for donations , communicate with supporters Large , small nonprofits already using Crowdrise
CNN  Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani has generated a firestorm by asserting , at a fundraiser for Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , "  I know this is a horrible thing to say , but I do not believe that the President loves America . " Of course , that 's nuts . Barack Obama 's deep and true love for our country has been a hallmark of his career . "  In no other country on Earth , " he said when he was seeking the presidency , "  is my story even possible . " Obama said this , it should be noted , in his masterly speech on race -- an issue that is America 's most difficult and tortured . If you can proudly assert your love of country in a speech addressing the legacy of what he called , "  America 's original sin " -- slavery -- you really love this country . But it got me to thinking : How do you show love of country ? Sure , you fly the flag in front of your house -- as Obama does . Perhaps you wear a flag pin on your lapel -- as Obama does . But love of country demands more than mere flag-waving . Let me suggest the top 10 ways all of us can show we love America : 10 . Support a strong central government . The Articles of Confederation were a disaster . The U.S. Constitution was designed by men who wanted a strong central government so as to build unity , strengthen the economy and defend the homeland . 9 . Be skeptical of too much centralized governmental power . Inconsistent ? Well , that tension is at the heart of the American experience . George Washington and Alexander Hamilton wanted national strength ; Thomas Jefferson and James Madison did not . To truly love America is to hold both ideas in your head at once . 8 . Embrace immigrants . The best day I had in 2014 was the day my eighth-grader was chosen to speak to hundreds of new Americans at their naturalization ceremony . The energy , idealism and unadulterated patriotism in that room was overwhelming . True love of country was in the air ; and tears were in my eyes . 7 . Connect with a soldier or a veteran . Slapping on a bumper sticker that says "  Support Our Troops " is fine . But the truth is , less than 1 % of all Americans serve in uniform , protecting the other 99 % of us . We civilians are far too separated from our military . I say this as one who never served , but whose father , stepfather and father-in-law all served in the Army ; whose cousins have served , and who has friends on active duty today . As a professor at Georgetown I have taught many outstanding young officers over the past 14 years . I have kept in touch with many : some are still in uniform -- they give me firsthand reports of the glory and the errors of today 's military . Others are in civilian life : they connect me to the ground-level challenges young veterans face , from the job market to navigating the VA. . If you really love your country , the least you can do is be able to name someone who is sacrificing for your freedom . 6 . Take off the rose-colored glasses . One reason Barack Obama 's race speech was so remarkable is that he did not sugarcoat the evils of racism , nor has he allowed it to poison his view of the greatness of America . When you know the history of slavery , KKK terrorism and segregation , it helps you appreciate how far we have come . Real love , mature and deep , only comes from intimate knowledge . Ignorant , blind adoration is best left to teeny-boppers at a Justin Bieber concert , not true patriots . The goal is not "  My Country , Right or Wrong , " but rather "  Love Your Country : Right its Wrongs . " 5 . Travel around America . I have been in all 50 states . I had the privilege of visiting most of them with Bill Clinton . If you ever get the chance to fly a million miles with President Clinton , I highly recommend it . Everywhere we went , we soaked up the local culture  and both of us inhaled the local cuisine  . The lengthy , grueling presidential campaign gives our candidates a marrow-deep love for the wonderful diversity , the impossible breadth , and the miraculous unity of this country . 4 . Then travel the world . The cliche is true : The more you see of the world , the more you love America . Maybe one reason the Greatest Generation had such deep love for America is that they 'd served their country overseas and seen the rest of the world at its worst . At the same time , when you see other countries that are doing something better than we are ; when you ride a highway in a Third World country that is smoother than your local interstate ; when you see a successful European pre-K program , it makes you want to work to improve on those things at home . 3 . Listen to someone you disagree with . Man , am I bad at this . But I try . I actually listen to Rush Limbaugh with some frequency . Sometimes I want to throw something at the dashboard , but other times I gain a perspective I lack . Besides , nothing is more American than a heartfelt political debate ; and nothing is more boring than a vigorous agreement . 2 . Inform yourself . Yes , the media is rife with faults , but we live in a time when technology empowers us to inform ourselves as never before . So , for example , before I jumped ugly over Sarah Palin 's recent speech in Iowa , I got on my computer and actually watched the whole thing . Perhaps before they screamed about President Obama 's speech at the National Prayer Breakfast , my conservative friends should have actually read it . If you truly love your country , get out of your media comfort zone  see # 3 above  , check out original sources , look up some history . Arm yourself with facts if you want to really love your country . 1 . Question your leaders in time of war . The greatest , most disastrous , most tragic governmental decision made in my lifetime was the Iraq War . Too many Americans , broken-hearted and justly vengeful after 9/11 , meekly swallowed the Bush administration 's line that Saddam Hussein was an imminent threat . Same thing with FDR 's internment of Japanese-Americans in 1942 . When your country is freaking out , when war fever is at its height , that is when questioning your leaders is the deepest display of patriotic love .	Paul Begala : Giuliani 's questioning of Obama 's love of country is nuts Still , he says , it 's worth thinking about how we can all show we love the country . Begala offers 10 suggestions
New York  CNN  -- A mix of protesters gathered again Friday in cities across the country , decrying a loosely defined list of financial problems and mixing in places with others marking the 10-year anniversary of the U.S.-led invasion of Afghanistan . Demonstrators in New York and Washington appeared to congregate over both the Afghan conflict , arguably America 's longest war , and in protest against the widening disparities between rich and poor and corporate greed , among other grievances . New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said an investigation is under way after protesters claimed officers used excessive force when corralling demonstrators earlier this week . He also noted that demonstrations had cost tax payers $ 1.9 million in overtime costs for the city 's law enforcement . CNN affiliate stations also broadcast images of crowds that gathered in Austin , Texas , as well as Minneapolis , Minnesota ; Seattle , Washington and Atlanta , Georgia . The activity came a day after President Barack Obama discussed the growing movement , saying demonstrators "  are giving voice to a more broad-based frustration about how our financial system works . " Speaking at a White House news conference , Obama also defended the country 's financial sector , which has taken the brunt of protesters ' criticism , focusing on Wall Street and its regulators ' purported role in expanding economic disparities . "  We have to have a strong , effective financial sector in order for us to grow , " the president said . Still , Obama discussed a need to pursue action aimed at improving government oversight and blamed Republican lawmakers for obstructing financial reforms . Friday marked the 21st day of the grass-roots Wall Street protests . Demonstrations have erupted in more than a dozen cities throughout the week , ranging from thousands who marched in lower Manhattan Wednesday after receiving support from local unions , to the dozens of college students who staged walkouts at various college campuses . Open Story : See iReports from the protests . The movement started in New York and some of the protests there have been marred by scuffles with police . New York authorities set up at least one vehicle checkpoint as police appeared in larger numbers throughout the financial district Thursday and established a perimeter around Zuccotti Park , which is considered a rallying point for the largely leaderless movement in that city . "  We hope that our message continues to resonate with everyone who has felt disenfranchised by the current state of our country , " said Tyler Combelic , a spokesman for the Occupy Wall Street group . He said they plan to "  continue the protest until the message reaches every house in the United States . " The specifics of that message remains largely unclear . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Carey Bodenheimer , Ross Levitt and Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	NEW : NY police commissioner : Police overtime has cost $ 1.9 million so far Wall Street protests blend with war demonstrations in New York and D.C. Crowds gather Austin , Minneapolis , Seattle and Atlanta Friday marked the 21st day of the grass-roots protests
CNN Student News  -- May 7 , 2014 The White House has released a new report on climate change . Today on CNN Student News , find out what the Obama administration says , how critics respond , and what exactly is in the report . We also cover a potential new danger involving North Korea , and we explain how an issue with FAA computers had ripple effects across California 's airspace . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What questions should a person ask when given data that is designed to raise awareness about a controversial topic ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . ocean acidification 2 . U-2 aircraft 3 . commencement Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Who has released a new report about climate change ? What do critics say about this report ? According to the report : What are some changes that could be in store for different regions of the U.S. as a result of climate change ? How might the oceans be affected ? 2 . What is the primary function of the U-2 plane ? How high can this plane fly ? What happened when a U-2 flew over California last week ? How did this have lasting effects on air traffic in the area ? 3 . When did fighting between North Korea and South Korea end ? Which country is an ally of the U.S. ? What do U.S. military officials believe that Kim Jong Un 's regime is ready to do ? According to the video , what is the challenge surrounding this possible action ? Why are officials worried about this weapon with regard to North Korea ? What do analysts say about satellite photos taken of a missile test site in North Korea ? 4 . According to the video , who are some of the high-profile commencement speakers being protested ? Why ? Who are some commencement speakers whose appearances have generated controversy in years past ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In your opinion , should the international community respond to missile testing by North Korea ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? 2 . How do you think that colleges should choose their commencement speakers ? In your opinion , with whom should the final decision rest ? Why ? When some potential speakers are ruled out on the basis of controversy , do you think it illustrates the exercise of free expression or the limit of it ? Explain . 3 . If you were graduating from college this month , who would you want to see address your class at commencement ? Why ? What topics would you like this speaker to address ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's National Olympic Committee has finalized the list of its athletes who will represent the nation at the forthcoming Olympic Games to be held at the Chinese capital , Beijing , this year . Thilini Jayasinghe , shown here in 2006 , will compete in badminton for Sri Lanka . The Sri Lankan team of three men and four women includes athletic sensation Susanthika Jayasinghe ; javelin thrower Nadeeka Lakmali ; badminton player Thilini Jayasinghe ; shooter E.M. Senanayake ; and boxer Anuruddha Ratnayake . In addition , the NOC has included Mayumi Raheem and Daniel Lee for the swimming events . This time , too , Sri Lanka is pinning hopes on veteran athlete Susanthika Jayasinghe , who will be competing at the Olympics in the women 's 100-meter and 200-meter events . Although she stands at No. 31 in the IAAF rankings list for the 100-meter sprint , it does not exhibit her true potential . Her best performance in the 100-meter this year was 11.24 seconds , recorded at the Doha-Qatar Super Grand Prix last month . Susanthika 's pet event is the women 's 200 meters , for which she won the bronze at the Sydney Olympics , eight years ago . According to the IAAF rankings , she stands at No. 8 in the 200-meter rankings . Her best time in 200 meters for this year is 22.73 seconds , recorded at the Carson Adidas Track Classic last month . The other person to watch is boxer Anuruddha Ratnayake . The flyweight boxer is the first Sri Lankan boxer to be featured in the Olympics in 40 years . Sri Lanka was last represented in boxing at the Mexico City games held in 1968 . The Sri Lankan media has already begun a huge "  Go for Gold " campaign to motivate Ratnayake to bring Sri Lanka its first Olympic medal in boxing in its 60 years of connection with the world 's greatest sports show . Another Sri Lankan is making history at this year 's Olympics ; Thilini Jayasinghe , who becomes the first Sri Lankan women 's badminton player ever to represent Sri Lanka at the Olympics . The Sri Lankan public , as well as the athletes , appear not to be happy with the way authorities have committed the necessary support for the athletes in preparation for the Olympics . However , many are of the belief that either Susanthika or Anuruddha will bring honor to their motherland at the Beijing Olympics .	Seven athletes will compete for Sri Lanka at the Beijing Olympics Sydney Olympic medallist Susanthika Jayasinghe is biggest hope Susanthika Jayasinghe , Anuruddha Ratnayake top nation 's medal hopes
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Since it was founded in 1994 , the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation has been instrumental in encouraging innovative research that will combat the biggest health issues affecting the developing world . One Gates Foundation grant aims to help reduce malaria among Nigeria 's nomads . The foundation has pledged $ 100 million in grants to get new scientific research off the ground , as part of Grand Challenges Explorations  GCE  . On Tuesday , GCE launched its latest round of grant applications , open to anyone with a unique approach to solving problems in the developing world . The idea is to develop creative thinking from people who may not have traditionally taken part in health research . Begun in 2008 , current projects receiving GCE funding include work in Hong Kong to develop flu-resistant chickens and efforts to prevent the transmission of HIV through breast milk . To speed up the grant allocation process , applicants only need to fill in a two-page form and submit it online . Successful applicants get a $ 100,000 grant and the chance to receive more than $ 1 million in future grants . The latest round of GCE grants invites applicants to focus on four areas : new technologies for contraception , new ways to induce and measure mucosal immunity , low-cost diagnostics for priority global health conditions , and new ways to protect against infectious disease . Click on the "  Explainer " tab above to take a look at some of the groundbreaking research being funded by GEC .	The Gates Foundation has pledged $ 100 million towards health research The latest round of research grant applications has just been opened One project receiving funding is working to develop flu-resistant chickens
CNN  -- Brazil 's president has offered asylum to an Iranian woman sentenced to death by stoning , state-run media reported Saturday . President Luiz Ignacio Lula da Silva was quoted by Brazil 's official state news agency EBC as saying "  I want to make an appeal to my friend Ahmadinejad ... and to the government of Iran to allow Brazil to take in the woman . " Brazil recently participated in talks with Iran aimed at restarting negotiations about Iran 's nuclear program . In May , Brazil helped broker a deal with Iran that would provide Tehran with enriched uranium for medical research . Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006 and was originally sentenced to death by stoning . Iranian authorities say the sentence has been put on hold , but there have been no reports as to whether a new sentence has been imposed . The 43-year-old mother of two is reportedly still being held held in Tabriz prison . Iran 's judiciary could reinstate her sentence of death by stoning , execute her by another means , or possibly even grant her a reprieve , according to human rights groups . Ashtiani 's attorney , Mohammad Mostafaei , told CNN earlier this month that his client confessed to the crime after being subjected to 99 lashes . He said she later recanted the confession and denied any wrongdoing . Mostafaei has gone into hiding since last weekend after being interrogated by Iranian authorities , human rights groups say . Advocates and Mostafaei say his wife and brother-in-law are being held by Iranian authorities . A letter believed to be written by Mostafaei was posted on the Internet on Saturday , calling for the release of his relatives . The lawyer says he has cooperated with interrogators , and says his wife and brother-in-law are victims of of "  hostage taking . " Mostafaei said he and his family are innocent of any wrongdoing . The Guardian newspaper previously reported that Mostafaei 's wife was arrested when they were unable to find him . CNN 's Gena Somra contributed to this report .	Brazil 's president offers asylum to Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani Lawyer of woman says his wife is being unfairly held Brazil 's president has been involved in diplomatic talks with Iran in recent months Iran says Ashtiani 's stoning sentence was commuted , but no word on alternate sentence
London  CNN  -- A glass microscope slide with a trace of the late Indian independence leader Mahatma Gandhi 's blood is among an array of memorabilia due to be sold at auction Tuesday in England . A pair of shabby leather sandals once worn by Gandhi , renowned for his doctrine of nonviolent protest and adherence to an ascetic lifestyle , is also going under the hammer . Remarkable photos of ` history in the making ' The slide was donated by Gandhi when he was convalescing after an operation for appendicitis in 1924 , according to Mullock 's auction house . The sandals come from a house at Juhu Beach , in Maharashtra , western India , where Gandhi lived from 1917 to 1934 , the auction listing says . They have a guide price of 10,000 to 15,000 British pounds . Another lot from the same house features a handwoven linen shawl "  made from thread which Gandhi spun himself , " according to the auction house . Photographs , paintings and audio recordings of Gandhi are also up for sale , as well as personal documents and household items belonging to the former leader . Book of the week on the great soul of Mahatma Gandhi The documents include a two-page will , handwritten "  in a neat secretarial hand " in Gujarati and signed by Gandhi , the auction house said . It is expected to fetch 30,000 to 40,000 pounds . The independence leader , who was born Mohandas Gandhi in Gujarat in 1869 , became known as Mahatma , or "  great-souled , " for his efforts toward social and political progress for his countrymen . He was a key figure in the Indian National Congress and led the Indian nationalist movement against British rule , characterized by a campaign of civil disobedience and nonviolent resistance . India achieved independence in August 1947 . Gandhi was nominated five times for the Nobel Peace Prize -- in 1937 , 1938 , 1939 , 1947 and finally in January 1948 , a few days before he was assassinated -- but was never awarded it . No peace prize was given in 1948 . Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	A microscope slide with a trace of Gandhi 's blood is up for auction in England Other lots include a shawl made from thread spun by Gandhi and a pair of his sandals Documents including a two-page will signed by Gandhi are for sale
My mother-in-law and I talk about nearly everything . But when I mentioned to her recently that I was working on a story about emergency preparedness , I realized that 's one thing we 've never discussed -- even though she lives nearby and would certainly factor into our family plan . "  If a disaster strikes , where would we meet ? " we asked each other . "  Who would we call ? What would we take with us ? " A new national advertising campaign shared with CNN exclusively ahead of its official launch Wednesday aims to get families like my own at least talking about what we 'd do in the face of a natural disaster or other emergency . "  This is a pretty fearful topic for a lot of parents , " said Priscilla Natkins , executive vice president and director of client services for the Ad Council , the private nonprofit group spearheading the campaign along with the Federal Emergency Management Agency . "  This is not something they want to think about or necessarily talk about with their kids , " she said . The Ad Council , which has produced many memorable PSA campaigns , ranging from Smokey Bear 's warnings about forest fires to the "  Friends Do n't Let Friends Drive Drunk " series , conducted a national survey on emergency preparedness . The survey included 800 adults . Be prepared for any home emergency Six out of 10 American families said they did not have a family emergency plan , according to the survey . Only 19 % felt they were "  very prepared " for a disaster . "  What we have found  is  despite our best efforts and we have made some impact , we have some terrific messaging out there over the years , not enough people and not enough parents are actually doing what they should be doing in terms of being prepared , " said Natkins . To try to change that , the public service announcements are not your typical PSAs . They are light-hearted , funny and unconventional , with scenes such as a family proudly talking about how unprepared they are . "  I 'll pack the dead batteries , " says the son after his father asks what each family member will do in preparation for an emergency . "  I 'll only put what I do n't need into a duffel bag , " says the daughter , with her mom adding , "  Great , that 's totally unhelpful . " "  We think these ads will resonate with audiences because we think the messaging comes from insights that are so universally important to people , " said Val DiFebo , CEO of Deutsch NY , the agency that created the ads pro bono to help raise awareness . "  The fact that most people will admit they do n't have a plan or that they can just wing it , which is exactly what we talk about in these ads , is  how  you get people to pay attention and act and say it 's time . " Digital tips for the next Sandy-like emergency The PSAs are timed to release right before the 10th annual National Preparedness Month in September , an initiative managed and sponsored by FEMA to encourage Americans to prepare for emergencies in their homes , schools , businesses and places of worship . "  What we try to get people to understand is that number one , not all disasters come with warning labels , " said Darryl Madden , director of FEMA 's Ready campaign . "  What we also try to make people understand is that do n't think of it in terms of the Katrinas or of the Sandys , but think about other events that could happen in your community that present a certain risk that you need to be prepared for . " The ads , which will run and air in advertising time and space donated by various media outlets , encourage Americans to visit FEMA 's website for kids . The site , with more parent - and kid-friendly content coming September 1 , includes information such as a downloadable family emergency plan and guidance on how to talk to kids about emergencies in an age-appropriate fashion . DiFebo said that her agency 's strategy was to create a sense of urgency without going overboard . "  What you do n't want to do is be so alarmist that people do n't want to pay attention to the message or they say this is just too scary for me and it 's too scary for my kids so I 'm not going there , " she said . "  That 's really the biggest mistake you can make . " Does your emergency kit have a cell phone ? While my mother-in-law and I had never talked about what we 'd do in the event of an emergency and my family still does not have a disaster plan , the subject of emergency preparedness is very close to our hearts . A dear family friend , John Solomon , was the founder of a comprehensive blog on the topic , regularly read by FEMA and other emergency preparedness officials , called In Case of Emergency , Read Blog -- A Citizen 's Eye View of Preparedness . He created the blog as he worked on a book on simple steps to prepare families for terrorist attacks and natural disasters . Sadly , John never finished that book . He died nearly two years ago from complications after a bone marrow transplant for leukemia . FEMA has since created an award in John 's name , and so has the New York City Office of Emergency Management . John 's family and friends have also created a fellowship program in his name -- the first student fellowship in New York City government specifically focused on emergency management . I ca n't think of a nicer way to honor our dear friend than to finally create an emergency plan of our own and share it with our girls -- tonight . Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	New unconventional ad campaign encourages families to create an emergency plan Six out of 10 Americans do n't have a disaster plan , according to survey Only 19 % said they were very prepared for a disaster One tag line for quirky campaign : Winging it is not an emergency plan
CNN  -- Airline industry profits will fall worldwide in 2011 , according to the International Air Transport Association  IATA  , thanks to rising fuel prices , political unrest and natural disasters . "  Natural disasters in Japan , unrest in the Middle East and North Africa , plus the sharp rise in oil prices have slashed industry profit expectations to $ 4 billion this year , " the association 's Director General and CEO Giovanni Bisignani said in a statement released Monday . "  That we are making any money at all in a year with this combination of unprecedented shocks is a result of a very fragile balance . " The main cause of reduced profitability is the high cost of fuel . Airlines pay an additional $ 1.6 billion in costs for ever dollar increase in the average yearly price of oil , the association said . The industry 's fuel bill is expected to rise to $ 176 billion in 2011 , an estimated 30 % of airline costs . High fuel costs have also hurt growth rates in both the cargo and passenger markets . The association has revised downward projections for both categories . The group expects the cargo market to expand by only .6 % and the passenger market to expand by only 1.2 % in 2011 . The Japanese earthquake and tsunami will have an impact on carriers in both the Asia-Pacific and North American regions , the association said . However , Asia-Pacific airlines are expected to be the most profitable in 2011 . They 're forecast to bring in $ 2.1 billion in profits for the year . That 's still a dramatic drop from the $ 10 billion the region achieved in 2010 , according to the association . Political unrest in the Middle East and North Africa is hurting profitability in both regions . Profits from Middle East carriers will drop from $ 900 million in 2010 to $ 100 million in 2011 , the group said . And African carriers are expected to post a loss of $ 100 million in 2011 . Unrest in Egypt and Tunisia has had a particular impact because of the large tourism industries in both countries . The debt crisis in Europe has affected carriers there , the association said . Airlines are still expected to post a profit of $ 500 million this year , down from $ 1.9 billion in 2010 . Profits fell in Latin America as well , from $ 900 million to $ 100 million , but the region is the only one in the world that can boast of profitability three years in a row . The association has already downgraded its profit forecast once . In March of this year , the group forecast an $ 8.6 billion profit forecast . Monday 's revision denotes a plunge in profit expectations of 54 % . And the modified forecast represents a staggering 78 % drop when compared with an $ 18 billion net profit recorded in 2010 , according to the association .	Oil prices , political unrest and natural disasters are to blame for revised numbers Earthquake in Japan affecting profitability for Asia-Pacific and North American carriers Political turmoil is affecting profitability in the Middle East and Africa Industry group has slashed profit forecast once already in 2011
CNN  -- Italian police descended on the national team 's Euro 2012 training base Monday to speak to Zenit St Petersburg defender Domenico Criscito as part of a wide-ranging investigation into match fixing . The 25-year-old , formerly of Genoa , was questioned by officials probing gambling markets linked to fixing results of matches in the Italian top flight . A total of 19 people were arrested in the ongoing investigation by magistrates in Cremona , 11 of them players in Italy 's top division . Juventus coach Antonio Conte , who led the club to the Serie A title last season , was spoken to by police , while Lazio 's captain Stefano Mauri was arrested . Juventus defiant in match-fix controversy As a result of the dawn raid on Italy 's training camp at Coverciano , near Florence , Criscito decided to withdraw from the forthcoming Euro 2012 tournament in Poland and Ukraine . Italian Football Federation  FIGC  vice-president Demetrio Albertini said Criscito was hugely disappointed to miss out but that he quit in order to protect the rest of the squad . "  Criscito decided not to join Italy at the Euros . The tournament is no longer his priority , he wants to get in touch with the prosecutors as soon as possible to clear his position , " Albertini said . "  We are with him , we believe in his innocence : until no evidence is proved , he should be considered innocent . " Prosecutors said the left-back was seen in a restaurant with match fixing suspects during his time at Genoa but the player has also protested his innocence . Criscito 's agent Andrea D'Amico said : "  Criscito is calm but very surprised . He just joined a dinner with fans , a meeting asked by fans after the derby Genoa lost to Sampdoria in 2011 . "  He did n't know any of the ultras involved . He ca n't understand how he could be connected to this story . As soon as possible he will ask prosecutors to be interrogated . " Roberto Di Martino , chief prosecutor in the case , told a press conference the police 's swoop on Italy 's base was solely related to Criscito . "  We should n't place too much emphasis on the blitz at Coverciano , " he said . "  It is a problem that concerns only Criscito and not other players in the national team at the moment . "  Also we should n't place too much emphasis on this anyway , the notification of an impending investigation is a tool we have , but not a guilty judgment . There 's been no action taken against Criscito travelling , he can play at the Euros easily . " Police said Juve manager Conte was being quizzed in relation to sporting fraud accusations relating to a match played by Siena , the club he used to coach . Conte 's lawyer said his client was completely innocent . Siena 's president , Massimo Mezzaroma , has also been placed under investigation . Di Martino added : "  There are seven , eight games being looked at and there have been statements that make us think they were manipulated . The searches involved players , coaches and directors of the club , including Conte and Mezzaroma . " Di Martino also revealed the investigation was spreading beyond Italian borders , with five people arrested in Hungary . "  We have evidence that this Hungarian gang worked to fix in Serie A 2010-11 the games between Bari and Sampdoria , Lecce and Lazio and some others . "  We have different evidence of their presence in Italy and of their contacts with people from Singapore , where the money is coming from . " The arrests are the latest in a long running saga that has cast a shadow over Italian football . In 2006 the Calciopoli match fixing scandal saw Juventus relegated to the second tier and stripped of two league titles . Seventeen people were arrested in a similar swoop last year , the most high-profile of which was Atalanta captain Cristiano Doni . He was subsequently banned from the game for three years . Giovanni Trapattoni , who coached the Italian national team for four years , said the latest twist represented "  devastating news . " Trapattoni , who now coaches Ireland , said : "  What could be the Italian team 's reaction ? On one side it is clear that news like this can bring people down , but it could also push them to show the clean face of football . "  As someone who has been abroad for years it 's a pity that these things cast a dark shadow over our football . "	Italian police arrest 19 people , including 11 players , in match fixing investigation Police question Juventus coach Antonio Conte who recently led club to Italian title Officers also descend on Italian national team 's training camp to question Domenico Criscito Lazio captain Stefano Mauri is arrested as well as Genoa midfielder Omar Milanetto
CNN  -- As a comedic sidekick , Brian Fantana in "  Anchorman " was golden -- the clueless ladies ' man who sex-panthered his way into fans ' hearts . Paul Rudd stars as Danny Donahue in "  Role Models , " which he helped write . Some might say the same about the man who played Fantana , Paul Rudd , although this talented actor did n't need a secret cologne for his trip to stardom . From "  Anchorman " to "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin " to "  Knocked Up , " Rudd has consistently played a hilarious second string . But he 's no longer just comedic backup in Hollywood . In his new movie "  Role Models , " which opens November 7 , Rudd and Seann William Scott star as a pair of energy drink representatives who end up with a choice : jail time or 150 community service hours in a local mentoring program . As it turns out , the jail time might have been less painful . CNN talked to Rudd about the movie -- which he helped write -- how he chooses his roles and what he was like as a child . The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : What attracts you to the roles you choose ? Paul Rudd : Well , you know , 99 percent of the time I just say I want to do it if I 'd want to see it . A lot depends on the people that are involved and if I feel there 's something I can connect with a character in some way . I kind of decided a long time ago that I was going to try to make a career work on my own terms as much as possible . I mean , you know you do n't always have the options you 'd like , but I just decided however long or bumpy the route was , I would do it doing things that I liked and was genuinely interested in and wanted to do . Watch Rudd talk about "  Role Models " " CNN : Have there been any characters in particular that have been your favorite or you 've felt you really connected with ? Rudd : There have been many that I 've really liked . Brian Fantana in "  Anchorman " was a blast , just really , really fun . "  Role Models " is the one that 's coming out that was really , really enriching and fun and personal in many ways , because it 's the first movie I co-wrote . I 've been really lucky to have enjoyed the experiences as much as I have , working on movies , because it 's not always the case . You never know how they 're going to turn out , but if they actually mean something to me -- if I think there 's something in it that 's genuinely interesting to me -- they 've , so far , turned out pretty well . CNN : Can you tell me about the process of writing "  Role Models " ? Rudd : It had been around for a while in different forms , this film . I thought that the premise was really , really funny , and the script was funny , but there were certain things that were being changed . In talking with the producer , she wanted to know what was working and what was n't working ... and I was hired to be one of the writers . So I rewrote it , and then David Wain , who is the director , he came on board , and then he and I worked on it together with another guy named Ken Marino , who is also a friend of mine . It was really fun to work with friends , and it turned into a hybrid of a movie that 's unique and funny and absurd . It 's a commercial film , but for people who are familiar with David Wain 's style -- which is a very specific kind of left-of-center approach and not so , I think , commercially appealing -- it 's a kind of a weird marriage that works well . -LSB- Wain , a member of the comedy troupe the State , directed and co-wrote "  Wet Hot American Summer . " -RSB- It is a commercial film , but there are some jokes in it that you just do n't see in commercial movies . It 's got elements of a family film , but it 's way darker than a family film . It 's a hard R , bizarre family adventure . I do n't know how exactly to describe it . CNN : I have to ask , what was it like working with "  McLovin "  Christopher Mintz-Plasse from "  Superbad "  , who plays your mentor child in the movie ? Rudd : It was pretty great . That kid is seriously smart and funny . It blows my mind how much his life changed in the course of a couple years . We did n't necessarily write that part for Chris . I imagined that role to be younger , but he 's so good and kind of so perfect for it . And he liked it and was into the idea of doing it , so that 's how that happened . CNN : Is he as geeky in real life ? Rudd : No , the thing is , this is why he 's so good ; this is what impressed me about him . He knows what he 's doing . Michael Cera is like this , too . I 'm shocked at the kind of self-awareness of these kids , and they 're 18 and really talented . -LSB- They -RSB- know how to deliver a joke and do n't ham it up . CNN : This movie is all about role models , and as an actor , you are a role model to many people . What do you think the most important qualities of a role model are ? Rudd : To be an actual role model ? Oh , God , I would hesitate to say we should be anybody 's role models . Your role models are your parents . But , I always think a good rule of thumb is to treat people the way you 'd like to be treated ; let the rest take care of itself . You know , try to be nice to people , I suppose , and to treat people with respect and be polite . But I have n't figured out nearly enough stuff to be an effective role model . CNN : Do you have any personal role models ? Rudd : You know who 's a good role model ? Paul Newman . I just think he 's an example of somebody who came into this world , and left this world , as a contributor in ways that are so huge . Even though the world has a lot of problems in it , it is better off by a mile for Paul Newman having lived in it . He gave more than he got . He got a lot , but he gave way , way more . CNN : Do you do any volunteering yourself ? Rudd : I try , and I do , but I want to start doing more . It sounds so lame to say "  I want to start , " but I 'm in the process to start setting up a foundation . And I do work with certain charitable organizations and I 'm on the board of a couple . It 's a daunting task for sure , but there are some things you just kind of have to make the time for . CNN : What were you like as a child ? Rudd : I had a pretty happy childhood . I loved goofing around in any way , shape or form . I loved speech classes and making videos and comedy stuff . I loved football . I was into being a kid . I did n't necessarily want to grow up . I remember that a lot of kids my age wanted to get older , and I think I knew as a kid that it was going to get harder .	Actor Paul Rudd talks about his newest part in "  Role Models " Rudd plays Danny Donahue in the comedic movie directed by David Wain "  It 's a hard R , bizarre family adventure , " Rudd says of the film Rudd says he 's lucky to have enjoyed most of the roles he 's played
CNN  -- It 's both time-honored tradition and cutting-edge technology blended in this small factory in Osaka , Japan . This is the home of Japan 's best known sporting export , Mizuno . Masato Mizuno , chairman of sportswear company Mizuno , speaks to CNN 's Andrew Stevens in The Boardroom . Its sports equipment and clothes sell around the world -- baseball gear , its first ever product , now joined by a growing range of other sports equipment . And then there 's the "  fastswim " professional swimsuits , modeled on shark skin . The company is headed by effervescent chairman Masato Mizuno . In Osaka he talked to CNN 's Andrew Stevens in The Boardroom about the toughest challenges he has faced in 19 years at the top . Mizuno : OK . I became the president in 1988 . It was a really great time . We 've been enjoying the so-called bubble economy . So whatever we do , it was very successful in like four to five years , However , after that collapse of the bubble economy , we had a really hard time . But we set up a quite precise schedule to the comeback . And everybody really worked hard -- very cooperative . So we came back Stevens : What lessons do you think you learnt that made the company better from going through that very sharp downturn ? Mizuno : Well we emphasize wherever we have strongness . During the good years , we diversified the range of the business . Most of them I failed . So whatever left we really emphasized this area which is technology . Stevens : You 've looked at the animal kingdom to provide some clues for developing new products . I 'm thinking of sharkskin used in your fast suits , patterns on a shark actually have been incorporated into your fast suits and there 's a lot of success with swimmers wearing your products in Sydney . What else are you working on ? Mizuno : Well , we 're developing the new swimsuits for Beijing . This is quite different from the past . So I can not tell you today but this is quite , you know , different products . Stevens : What do you think is the best piece of management advice you 've ever received ? Mizuno : I 've learned from the boy scout experience , our motto is be prepared . So every , you know the item , I have to do , I like to make good preparation , for the company for myself , or for family , we have to be prepared . E-mail to a friend	Masato Mizuno , CEO of Mizuno speaks to Andrew Stevens in The Boardroom The sports equipment company sells its product around the world In the company 's "  fastsuit " swim wear the product mirrors sharkskin
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Nepal 's first-ever President Ram Baran Yadav took the oath of office Wednesday , two days after his election . Yadav , a physician in his 60s , was elected president on Monday by Nepal 's constituent assembly , almost two months after the country was declared a republic , putting an end to the 239-year-old monarchy . People lined the streets , which were emptied of vehicles , as the presidential motorcade drove about five miles  8 km  from Yadav 's home to the presidential offices . He was driven in the bulletproof vehicle previously used by Nepal 's kings . Yadav was administered the oath of office by Chief Justice Kedar Prasad Giri . "  I represent all Nepali people in this august office and in all my efforts and endeavors I will be committed to the benefit of the Nepali people , " Yadav said after the swearing-in . Yadav then administered the oath of office to the newly elected vice president Parmananda Jha . The post of the president is largely ceremonial . He will swear in the country 's new prime minister , who has the executive powers . The president can also deploy the armed forces , but only at the recommendation of the prime minister . Nepal 's Maoists , which won the largest number of seats but fell short of a majority in April 's general elections , said Tuesday they may not form a government after their candidate for president was defeated . "  The defeat of our candidate has put us in the opposition from the moral viewpoint , " said Maoist leader Prachanda , also known as Pushpa Kamal Dahal . However , he did not rule out the possibility of leading the government if a new coalition were formed . On Monday , lawmakers picked Yadav over the Maoists ' choice for president -- Ram Raja Prasad Singh -- by 308 votes to 282 . The Maoists are the largest party in the constituent assembly , but Yadav was able to win with backing from a coalition of the Nepali Congress , Communist Party of Nepal  Unified Marxist-Leninist  and Madhesi Janadhikar  People 's Rights  Forum . Prachanda -- who is the chairman of the Communist Party of Nepal  Maoist  -- called the alliance between the three parties "  unnatural " and "  apolitical . " The Maoists have 229 seats in the 601-member constituent assembly . April 's elections , the declaration of a republic and the drafting of a new constitution -- the main task of the constituent assembly -- are parts of a peace process following 10 years of fighting between the Maoists and the state . The violence claimed 13,000 lives . A peace accord in November 2006 ended the fighting The country 's monarch , King Gyanendra , gave up most powers earlier that year after an uprising against his direct rule .	The oath was administered by chief justice Kedar Giri Yadav first president to take office in Nepal since monarchy was abolished The post of president is largely ceremonial . PM has executive powers Yadav was the general secretary of the Nepali Congress party
CNN  -- A Brazilian court ordered Wednesday that 9-year-old Sean Goldman be returned to the custody of his father , David , in the United States , but his Brazilian relatives were expected to try to block the order , a Brazilian official said . Outside his home in New Jersey , David Goldman told reporters he was heartened by the news , but would not consider his efforts successful until he and the boy are reunited . "  I 'm hopeful , " he said . "  I ca n't be optimistic because I 've gone down there so many times , always under the guise that the rule of law will be followed and Sean will come home to me and his family , and that does n't happen . " The 3-0 ruling by the Federal Regional Tribunal in Rio de Janeiro upheld a June decision by the 16th Federal Court in Rio , which ordered Sean returned to his home in New Jersey in accordance with the 1980 Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of Child Abductions . But a Brazilian official with knowledge of the case predicted Wednesday 's order would be appealed . So far , the boy 's Brazilian family has filed 40 appeals , most of them procedural but one substantive . The Brazilian high court is to take up any appeal on Thursday , said Rep. Chris Smith , R-New Jersey , who has been pressing the case for his constituent . "  Frankly , every possible nuance has been appealed by the other side , " he told CNN 's "  Situation Room . " "  Remember , this is an abducting family , they 're kidnappers , but they have had a great deal of sway with the court . " The Supreme Court could still allow Sean Goldman to be returned to his father in the United States while it decides any appeal . Goldman , a former model , said he had last spoken with his son in June , but they did not discuss the custody battle . The case began in 2004 , when his wife , Bruna Bianchi , took their 4-year-old son from their home in New Jersey to Rio de Janeiro for what was to have been a two-week vacation . She never returned , instead remarrying there and retaining custody of their son . She died last year in childbirth . Goldman has argued that , as the sole surviving parent , he should be granted custody . But the boy 's stepfather and his other Brazilian relatives have argued that it would be traumatizing to the boy to remove him from what has been his home for most of his life . The case has drawn high-profile input , including pressure for the boy 's return from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who said Wednesday in a statement that she was pleased to hear about the decision . "  We appreciate the assistance and cooperation of the government of Brazil in upholding its obligations under the Hague Convention on International Child Abduction , " she said . "  And it is my hope that this long legal process is now complete and that the Goldman family will be reunited quickly . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this story .	NEW : Clinton : "  It is my hope that this long legal process is now complete " Dad hopeful , but not optimistic after ruling Court rules David Goldman should regain custody of his 9-year-old son Goldman 's wife took son to Brazil in 2004 ; she filed for divorce and later died
CNN  -- Three Pakistan international cricketers have been banned from the sport for the next five years after being found guilty at an anti-corruption hearing on Saturday . Former Pakistan captain Salman Butt and bowlers Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Amir were found to have been involved in "  spot-fixing " -- a practice involving illegal gambling during matches . Butt , 26 , was banned for 10 years with half of that suspended on certain conditions while Asif , 28 , received a seven-year ban with 24 months suspended . Amir , 18 , was given a straight five-year penalty for his involvement in incidents during the Test series against England in August 2010 . They have 21 days to appeal in the Court of Arbitration for Sport . The International Cricket Council announced the punishments following an independent tribunal 's hearing in Qatar . It came a day after Britain 's Crown Prosecution Service charged the trio and their agent Mazhar Majeed with conspiracy to obtain and accept corrupt payments , and conspiracy to cheat . Amir and Asif were accused of deliberately bowling no-balls -- deliveries which incur a scoring penalty and can not dismiss batsmen -- to the instructions of Majeed , who received money from a third party , while Butt was said to be aware of the arrangement . The conditions of the reduced sentences require Butt and Asif to refrain from further breaches of the anti-corruption code and to participate in an education program run by the Pakistan Cricket Board . Pakistan trio to face criminal charges The independent tribunal resumed its hearing on Saturday after adjourning on January 11 . It dismissed a charge that Butt had agreed to bat out a run-less  or "  maiden "  over in the match played at London 's Oval ground from August 18-21 , but said the player failed to disclose to the ICC 's anti-corruption unit that Majeed had approached him with such a request . The main charges stem from the following match at Lord 's , the final Test of the series . "  The tribunal found that the charges under Article 2.1.1 of the Code that  respectively  Mr Asif agreed to bowl , and did bowl , a deliberate no-ball in the Lord 's Test match played between Pakistan and England from 26 to 29 August 2010 , Mr Amir agreed to bowl , and did bowl , two deliberate no-balls in the same Test , and Mr Butt was party to the bowling of those deliberate no-balls , were proved , " it said in a statement on the ICC website on Saturday . Amir is the youngest bowler to claim 50 Test wickets , six of which came at Lord 's as Pakistan lost to England by an innings and 225 runs . Butt has played in 33 Test matches since making his debut for Pakistan in 2003 , and scored 1,889 runs . He became captain of the side in 2010 and led his country in a Test series against Australia as well as the tour of England before being replaced by Misbah-ul-Haq in the wake of the scandal . Asif has twice tested positive for steroids , resulting in year-long bans , and in 2008 was detained for three weeks after being found in possession of illegal substances at Dubai airport .	Former captain Salman Butt banned along with Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Amir Pakistani cricketers found guilty of "  spot-fixing " during Test series in England Asif and Amir said to have deliberately bowled no-bowls under instruction from agent The tribunal said that Butt was aware of this illegal arrangement
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Charging chesty women more for their bras does n't win a lot of support , British retailer Marks & Spencer acknowledged Friday as it announced an end to the surcharge on its larger lingerie . Marks & Spencer have apologised for charging chesty women more for bras . "  We boobed , " screamed a full-page Marks & Spencer ad , which appeared in British newspapers Friday . Marks & Spencer gave in to campaigners who argued that the higher prices of the bigger bras was unfair . The retailer charged as much as # 2  $ 3  more for all sizes DD and up . "  It 's true that our fantastic quality larger bras cost more money to make , and we felt it was right to reflect this in the prices we charged , " the ad said . "  Well , we were wrong . " It follows a nearly year-long campaign by members of the Facebook group Busts 4 Justice . The women behind the site argued other chain retailers did n't charge extra for bigger sizes , so Marks & Spencer should n't , either . And it pointed out that the store does n't charge extra for larger sizes of clothing , so it should n't charge more for larger undergarments . What 's your view ? "  We would like to thank everyone who has supported us on this issue ; especially the thousands of brilliant , busty women that have joined forces with us . We could n't have done this without you , " the two administrators of the group , Becky Mount and Beckie Williams , posted Friday on Facebook . "  Busts 4 Justice remain committed to making things better for busty women on the high street , but for now we 're happy just to be able to encourage all ladies to reward themselves and their boobs with some properly fitted , fairly priced lingerie . " Marks & Spencer is a stalwart British chain , known for classic wardrobe staples and low prices . Its underwear department is the first stop for many British shoppers and is especially famous for reliable basics . And to give customers an added lift , Marks & Spencer also announced it is cutting the prices of all of its bras by 25 percent for the rest of May . "  I think even though we all obviously held a bit of a grudge against buying our bras from M&S we should really be grateful they got rid of the surcharge and have given us the super generous 25 percent off , " Mount wrote on the group 's site Friday . "  They may get cleared out by the time the weekend is over ! "	Marks & Spencer is ending its surcharge on larger lingerie Retailer takes out adverts admitting "  we boobed " Campaigners argued that the higher prices of the bigger bras was unfair
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Police on Wednesday arrested Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams for questioning in connection with the 1972 Irish Republican Army abduction and slaying of a widow , a move that could shake Northern Ireland 's fragile peace . In a statement released shortly before he surrendered for questioning , the 65-year-old Adams vehemently denied any involvement in the killing of Jean McConville . The Police Service of Northern Ireland announced the arrest of a 65-year-old man whom they declined to identify but described as a suspect in the McConville case . Adams has long denied having any role in the death of McConville , a widowed mother of 10 who was reportedly killed by the IRA because the group believed she was a spy for the British army . "  I believe that the killing of Jean McConville and the secret burial of her body was wrong and a grievous injustice , " Adams said in the statement posted on his party website . "  Malicious allegations have been made against me . I reject these . " The questioning of Adams was not unexpected . Adams said he told authorities last month that he was willing to meet with investigators . Long associated with the IRA , once considered the armed wing of Sinn Fein , Adams is a prominent Catholic politician who helped broker peace in Northern Ireland . Today , Sinn Fein is Ireland 's second-largest opposition party . "  While I have never disassociated myself from the IRA and I never will , I am innocent in the abduction , killing or burial of Mrs. McConville , " Adams said . Northern Ireland is part of the UK , and Protestant fighters wanted to keep it that way . Catholics were fighting to force the British out and reunify the north with the rest of Ireland . Known as the Troubles , the conflict lasted 30 years , ending in 1998 with the Good Friday Agreement that brokered peace . The agreement provided a political framework for power-sharing among the parties . The IRA admitted in 1999 to killing a number of people who have become known as "  The Disappeared " -- those who vanished during the Troubles . Among the victims was McConville , whose remains were found partially buried on a beach in County Louth in 2003 . She died of a single gunshot wound to the back of the head . McConville , 38 , was taken from her home in Belfast in December 1972 , her daughter , Helen McKendry , told CNN in 2012 . "  They came about tea time and they dragged her out of the bathroom and dragged her out , " said McKendry , who was a teenager at the time . " ... All I ever wanted was to know the reason why they killed my mother . " The investigation into McConville 's killing was revived by authorities after the release of interviews given by members of the IRA , who implicated Adams . The recordings were made by Boston College as part of the Belfast Project , which is a collection of interviews conducted with former Northern Irish paramilitary fighters . They provide an oral history of the decades of fighting . Participants in the project believed their recorded interviews would be kept secret until their deaths . One of those featured was Brendan Hughes , a now-deceased former commander of the IRA , a Catholic paramilitary . Hughes told his interviewer about McConville : "  I knew she was being executed . I knew that . I did n't know she was going to be buried or disappeared as they call them now . " Hughes went on to allege Adams was involved : "  The special squad was brought into the operation then , called The Unknowns . You know when anyone needed to be taken away , they normally done it . I had no control over this squad . Gerry had control over this particular squad . " Adams has called the allegations libelous . Peter Taggart reported from Belfast , and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	NEW : Police announce the arrest of a man in the case but decline to identify him NEW : Gerry Adams has vehemently denied any role in the killing Jean McConville was abducted , killed and buried in 1972 Adams : "  I am innocent of any part in the abduction , killing or burial of Mrs. McConville "
CNN  -- The death toll from the magnitude-7 .1 earthquake in the central Philippines rose Thursday to 161 , authorities said . The quake , which struck Tuesday , also injured 375 people , according to the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council , in Quezon City . The bulk of the casualties were in Bohol province . In an update issued Thursday evening , the council said 21 people were missing -- all of them in Bohol . The quake was centered about 620 kilometers  385 miles  south-southeast of Manila , near Catigbian , and its depth was 20 kilometers  12 miles  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The Philippines disaster council gave the quake a slightly higher rating : 7.2 magnitude . Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes Landslides were reported in some areas . Nearly 3,000 houses were destroyed and another 16,000 were damaged in Bohol and Cebu , officials reported . As of 6 p.m. Thursday , 12 of Bohol 's 47 municipalities were without power , and authorities were predicting that it would be restored within a day or two . As of 5 p.m. Thursday , more than 1,300 aftershocks had been recorded , 28 of which were felt . In all , 158,466 people were displaced , the government said . Nearly 100,000 of them were housed in 85 evacuation centers , it said . iReport : ` Our building is not safe ' Tuesday was a national holiday , the beginning of the Muslim festival of Eid al-Adha . Tourist Robert Michael Poole said he was riding a bike in Bohol , where 149 of the deaths occurred , when the earthquake struck and cracked the road in front of him . "  I live in Tokyo ; I am used to earthquakes , " Poole said . "  But this one was very strong . It shocked a lot of people here . " He said he was able to move around and document some of the destruction , including a giant church that was destroyed . "  Lucky thing is that it is a holiday here today and it happened at a time when nobody was in the church , " Poole said . New earthquake strikes hard-hit Pakistan CNN 's Joseph Netto and Tim Schwarz contributed to this report .	The death toll from the earthquake in the Philippines rises to 161 ; 375 are injured The quake was centered near a town in Bohol province It hit on a national holiday in the Philippines
CNN  -- George Zimmerman 's attorney says he 's worried about the effect the "  insensitive " tweets from his client 's brother will have on the already controversial Trayvon Martin murder case . Mark O'Mara says Robert Zimmerman -- whose tweets mentioned the suspect in the recent killing of a baby in Georgia and Martin -- does not represent his brother or the defense . "  Having said that , I 'm not sure where  Robert 's  heart was , but I 've always said for the past year that we have to have a conversation about race , and the Zimmerman case has brought it to the forefront , particularly the way young black males are treated in the system , " O'Mara said Thursday on CNN 's "  Starting Point . " "  These type of tweets ... were insensitive to that , and quite honestly are the opposite of what I hope the conversation would be to try and figure out what 's wrong with the system and maybe a good way to fix it . " O'Mara said everything that happens in Zimmerman 's case is already "  hyper-focused upon . " " ... And certainly when a family member of my client says something that comes across as totally insensitive -- if not much , much worse --  it  has an effect , and now we have to deal with it . " George Zimmerman acknowledges he shot and killed Martin last year in Sanford , Florida , but said it was in self-defense . His brother , Robert Zimmerman Jr. , recently tweeted a photograph of Martin and one of 17-year-old De'Marquise Elkins , one of two teenagers charged with killing a baby in Georgia . Both teens are black . In their photos , Elkins and Martin , 17 , appear to be flipping off the camera . "  A picture speaks a thousand words . Any questions ? " Robert Zimmerman 's tweet reads . Another tweet Robert Zimmerman posted : "  Lib media shld ask if what these2 black teens did 2 a woman & baby is the reason ppl think blacks mightB risky . " Speaking on CNN 's Piers Morgan Live on Wednesday night , he apologized for the messages , saying they were n't the "  right thing to do . " "  I realize those were controversial and offensive and I did publicly apologize for them , " he said . "  I 'm a human being . I 'm being upfront about what I did . I made a mistake ... Unfortunately  it  may not have helped George . " 5 things to know about the case George Zimmerman has been charged with second-degree murder in Martin 's death . Attorneys for Martin 's family have accused Zimmerman of racially profiling the 17-year-old and shooting him "  in cold blood . " Robert Zimmerman Jr. said he was trying to make a larger point in his tweets about the "  media and their honesty in portraying the person who encountered my brother February 26 , 2012 . "  We 've been led to believe that it 's a junior-high-school-aged person because of the pictures , " he said , referring to Martin . "  The analogy is these are two people who chose to represent themselves in this way . One was accused of killing a baby , and whatever 's in his social media makes the rounds immediately ... However , the other person who almost killed my brother had he disarmed him -- my brother had every indication to believe he would have killed him -- his social media is off limits . " Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump said he agrees with O'Mara that someone should not be judged for what they tweet . "  But when it comes to Trayvon , they attempt to posthumously judge a dead teenager by his tweets and social media , " Crump said on "  Starting Point " Thursday . "  And that is the problem here . You can not know what is in a person 's heart by reading a tweet . " The Zimmerman defense , Crump said , is seeking to introduce his client 's social media activity as evidence in court . "  That 's just not right , " he argued . "  Starting Point " host Soledad O'Brien asked Crump about a witness identified as # 9 , which both she and Crump said is a cousin of George Zimmerman . The cousin called police a short time after Martin 's shooting . "  Growing up they always made ... him and his family made statements like that they do n't like black people if they do n't act like white people . They like black people if they act white and other than that they talk a lot of bad things about black people , " O'Brien read from the transcript of the call . "  Is this something that 's going to be admissible in court ? " she asked Crump . The attorney replied that Robert Zimmerman 's tweets "  bolster " the testimony of that particular witness .	NEW : George Zimmerman 's attorney said he is concerned about how tweets could affect case Robert Zimmerman tweeted side-by-side images of Trayvon Martin and De'Marquise Elkins Elkins is accused of killing a baby in his stroller in Georgia ; Martin was shot by George Zimmerman "  I 'm a human being ... I made a mistake , " says Robert Zimmerman Jr. .
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- U.S.-South Korean joint military drills kick off Monday , one day after North Korea threatened to engulf Seoul in a "  sea of flames . " The annual exercises are taking place amid high tensions . North Korea shelled Yeongpyeong Island , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians , last November . The U.S insists the drills are defensive in nature while training forces to respond to any provocation but North Korea has always denounced them as preparing for an invasion to topple Kim Jong-il 's regime . North Korea 's military said Sunday it would retaliate with "  an all-out offensive to put an end to the U.S. imperialists ' military occupation of South Korea . " The military also said the world will see actions "  engulfing Seoul in a sea of flames , smashing every move for confrontation . " The North often issues such warnings before military drills , but tensions are higher after November 's shelling and the March sinking of the South Korean warship , Cheonan , which the South blames on the North . North Korea also threatened to fire on sites in South Korea where activists and politicians have released balloons carrying propaganda leaflets and DVDs showing anti-government protests across the Middle East and northern Africa . The balloons sometimes carry food and clothes . The North condemned the "  psychological warfare " of "  clothes , rotten videos and books . " The two drills , Key Resolve , which ends March 10 , and Foal Eagle , which finishes at the end of April , will involve 12,300 U.S. forces , many of them coming from units stationed outside Korea . They will also include 200,000 military personnel from South Korea . There are reports of a U.S. aircraft carrier taking part , but neither side has confirmed this . A U.S. military official told CNN there are no plans for exercises to involve the five frontline islands in the Yellow Sea that are closest to North Korea .	First of two joint military exercises starts Monday North warns it will engulf "  Seoul in a sea of flames "
CNN  -- Michael Phelps , the most decorated Olympian of all time , is set to return to competitive swimming less than two years after announcing his retirement . Phelps , who has won a record 22 Olympic medals , will return to the pool later this month at the Arena Grand Prix at Mesa , Arizona , according to USA Swimming . The 28-year-old will join a field including fellow Olympic gold medalists , Ryan Lochte and Katie Ledecky at the event taking place at the Skyline Aquatic Center from April 24-26 . Phelps called time on his career after winning four golds and two silvers at the London Games in 2012 , but fueled speculation that he was preparing to stage a comeback after re-entering U.S. drug testing program last year . Swimming 's global governing body FINA requires athletes intending to return to competition following their retirement to be tested "  at least nine months before he or she expects to return to competition . " The three-time Olympian would n't be drawn on the subject of a return to the pool when quizzed last November telling the Associated Press  AP  that "  nothing is set in stone . If I decide to keep going and swim again , then I 'll compete . " Phelps , a regular tweeter with nearly 1.5 million Twitter followers , has yet to break his silence on the subject of his expected return . His last tweet was on Sunday congratulating Bubba Watson on his "  sick win " at the Masters . Read More : Phelps ' fairway to retirement heaven ? Known as the "  Baltimore Bullet , " Phelps was without peer in the pool winning 18 Olympic gold medals including a record haul of eight gold at the 2008 Games in Beijing -- one more than compatriot Mark Spitz won at the Munich Olympics in 1972 . He collected a further 27 gold medals in World Championships and a total of 58 gold , 11 silver and three bronze in all during his career and still holds three individual world records in the 100m and 200m butterfly and 400m individual medley . Phelps ' next chance to add to his medal tally will come in July 2015 at the World Championships in Kazan , Russia with the ultimate goal , perhaps , an appearance at a fourth successive Olympics at Rio in two years time . Read more : Bubba Watson dons Green Jacket for second time	Greatest Olympian of all time set to come out of retirement Phelps scheduled to appear at event in Arizona later this month "  Baltimore Bullet " re-entered U.S. drug testing program last year
CNN  -- A man in Kentucky shot and killed five people before turning the gun on himself after a domestic dispute on Saturday , Breathitt County Sheriff Ray Clemons told CNN . The gunman was identified as 47-year-old Stanley Neace , said Trooper Jody Sims of the Kentucky State Police , which took over the investigation . Clemons said Neace 's wife and stepson are among the dead . The shooting happened around midday at a mobile home community of about a dozen trailers , Clemons said . He declined to give the victims ' ages and names . Officers heard a gunshot as they arrived on scene and later found a 12-gauge shotgun , Sims said . The suspected gunman was found dead on the front porch of his house , while the victims were found in two separate residences , he added . Sims declined to provide details on the victims . "  We are in the process of getting the names of these five victims and making final family notifications , " he said . Neighbor Martha Jackson told CNN affiliate WLEX that Neace ran up to her and asked to use her phone . "  I said , ` Do you want me to call 911 for you ? ' and he said , ` yes , ' and told the police ... ` Stanley Neace was shooting , running in people 's homes , killing 'em , ' " Jackson said . Jackson said Neace was told not to go back , but Neace said , "  I 've got to go , my wife is there . " Breathitt County is located in rural eastern Kentucky .	Police identify the suspected gunman as Stanley Neace , 47 Neace 's wife and stepson are among the dead State police are taking over the investigation , sheriff says Authorities are trying to notify relatives of the victims
The mother of murdered schoolboy Damilola Taylor has died of a suspected heart attack , The Press Association reported Wednesday . Gloria Taylor outside London 's Central Criminal Court with Damilola 's older brother Tunde in 2006 . Gloria Taylor , 57 , collapsed while walking with her husband Richard in south-east London Tuesday , the agency reported . Efforts to revive her at hospital failed and she was pronounced dead moments later , according to London police headquarters Scotland Yard . Damilola , 10 , bled to death after being attacked on his way home from Oliver Goldsmith Primary School in November 2000 . He staggered 100 yards with blood pouring from a sliced artery in his leg after being stabbed . Nigerian-born Damilola had been in Britain for only a few months when he was attacked while walking home from an after school computer club . Damilola 's killing was front-page news in Britain , and prompted soul-searching on topics ranging from the deprivation of inner cities to school bullying . A year after their son 's death , the Taylors established the Damilola Taylor Trust , aimed at improving the lives of underprivileged young people . The trust offers scholarships for medical students from poor backgrounds , and also set up the Damilola Taylor Center , in Peckham , south-east London , which provides sports and community activities . At the time , Gloria said the trust aimed to provide hope and opportunities for Britain 's "  downtrodden and underprivileged youth " . "  Damilola lost his life because of enormous problems in this society . Our son wanted to be a doctor . "  He was a leader , and we are sure he would have been extraordinary . We would like the trust to heal many of the ills faced by today 's youth , " The Guardian newspaper reported her saying at the time . In August 2006 , two teenage brothers were convicted of his manslaughter and given eight-year youth custody sentences . Danny and Ricky Preddie , who were 12 and 13 at the time of the killing , were convicted at a retrial . The conviction came after three trials and two police investigations , parts of which were strongly criticized , The Guardian reported . PA quoted a Metropolitan Police spokeswoman as saying : "  Police were called at about 7.45 pm on April 8 by London Ambulance Service to reports of a woman taken ill on the street in Shooters Hill . "  Local officers and London Ambulance Service were in attendance and a woman in her 50s was taken by ambulance to hospital suffering a suspected heart attack and was pronounced life extinct at 8.29 pm . "  A post-mortem examination will take place in due course . "  The incident is being investigated by local borough officers and is currently being treated as non suspicious . " E-mail to a friend	Mother of murdered schoolboy Damilola Taylor dies of suspected heart attack Gloria Taylor , 57 , collapsed while walking with her husband Richard Tuesday Damilola , 10 , was stabbed in 2000 , death prompted soul-searching in Britain
CNN  -- New striker Gervinho was sent off on his Premier League debut as Arsenal drew 0-0 against Newcastle United at St James Park in their opening match of the season on Saturday . It was unedifying end to a difficult week for Gunners ' fans who appear to be on the brink of losing star midfielder Cesc Fabregas to Barcelona and Samir Nasri to the blue side of Manchester . Fabregas expected to join Barcelona Arsenal dominated possession with little to show for their efforts as Newcastle defended stoutly . And the home side 's cause was helped no end by the Ivorian striker who was given his marching orders in the 76th minute after he slapped Newcastle 's Joey Barton during an altercation in the penalty area . Liverpool 's new summer signings could n't fashion a win at Anfield as they drew 1-1 with Sunderland . Luis Suarez opened the scoring with a header in the 12th minute , making amends for a penalty he missed in the third minute after Sunderland midfielder Kieron Richardson had brought down the Uruguayan striker . New midfielder 's Stewart Downing , Charlie Adam and Jordan Henderson all started for Liverpool , as did new defender Jose Enrique , but after a bright first half the Reds faded . Sunderland 's stubborn collective defensive effort in the second half was rewarded with a moment of individual brilliance when Swedish international Sebastian Larsson equalized with a spectacular volley in the 57th minute . "  Sunderland made it difficult for us , they worked really hard and I think they deserved a point , " Liverpool 's manager , Kenny Dalglish said afterwards , AFP reported . Bolton Wanderers were one of only two teams to manage a win on the opening day of the new season , thumping newly-promoted Queens Park Rangers 4-0 at Loftus Road . Gary Cahill opened the scoring in first-half injury time with a curling effort from 25 yards . QPR defender Danny Gabbidon then handed Bolton a 2-0 lead when he deflected a Chris Eagles ' free-kick into his own net . Croatian striker Ivan Klasnic added a third with 20 minutes remaining before Fabrice Muamba completed the rout of the west Londoners . Wolverhampton Wanderers were the other winners on Saturday as they came from behind to beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1 at Ewood Park . Blackburn debutant Mauro Formica gave the home side the lead after 20 minutes only to see Steven Fletcher level the scores two minutes later . Wolves were ahead shortly after the break when Stephen Ward volleyed home from close range after Irish striker Kevin Doyle had his penalty saved by Blackburn 's ` keeper Paul Robinson . New boys Norwich City fared better in their first Premier League outing claiming a creditable 1-1 draw at Wigan . Ben Watson slotted home a penalty in the 21st minute  after Ritchie de Laet felled Franco di Santo  to give the home side the lead . But Norwich fought their way back into the match and were rewarded when Wes Hoolahan pounced on a mistake Wigan keeper Ali Al Habsi to equalize moments before halftime . Fulham and Aston Villa played out a goalless draw at Craven Cottage . Champions Manchester United kick off their campaign on Sunday when they travel to West Bromwich Albion , while Chelsea are away to Stoke City . Roberto Mancini 's Manchester City host newly-promoted Swansea City on Monday .	Arsenal 's new signing sent off after altercation with Newcastle 's Joey Barton Liverpool start with 1-1 home draw against Sunderland ; Villa draw 0-0 at Fulham Bolton beat new boys Queens Park Rangers 4-0 ; Wolves open with win at Blackburn
CNN  -- Imagine that we were just developing spoken language for the first time . And someone came up with a new word to describe an action , thought or feeling -- like "  magnify " or "  dreadful . " But in this strange world , the person who came up with the word demanded that anyone else who used it pay him a dollar every time the word was uttered . That would make it pretty difficult for us to negotiate our way to a society that communicated through speech . That 's the way the patent wars on smartphone and tablet advances are beginning to feel to me . As a human being , I do not particularly care about Apple 's recent victory in the U.S. version of its patent lawsuit against Samsung for copying its iPhone 's and iPad 's form and features . Now that Apple is demanding that Samsung pull eight of its products off the shelf , my only personal interest is whether the Samsung products , once banned , will become collectors ' items . Will I one day want to show my grandchild the phone that dared to mimic the iPhone ? News : Samsung to fight court ruling in Apple patent dispute But while the details of legalities , and the impact to share prices , and even consumer choice , do n't keep me or any of my friends up at night , there is nonetheless something creepy about Apple 's suit . It 's not so much that Apple -- the biggest company in the world -- has turned into a competitive monster ; it 's the territory that Apple 's fighting over . It feels as if the technology innovation wars are no longer over one piece of technology or another , but over us humans . It 's one thing for Apple to defend the look and feel of its phone -- things like the little button on the bottom , which seem obvious but are actually the result of a lengthy and painstaking design process . They may deserve a few years ' exclusive on stuff like that . But when it comes to gestures , such as the now ubiquitous "  pinch and zoom " technology through which users stretch or shrink pictures and text -- well , that no longer feels quite the same .  Apple , of course , has argued in its court case that they are the same ; the company spent time and money on both sorts of research , it says , and does n't believe the results should be copied by others . They are gestures that may have begun on the device , but now have become internalized , human movements . When my daughter was 3 , I used to watch her attempt to enact those same swipes and stretches on the television screen -- a phenomenon so prevalent that many television dealers now keep a bottle of glass cleaner handy , to clean their giant flat screens of children 's fingerprints on a regular basis . CNN Money : What the Apple-Samsung verdict means for your smartphone That 's because these gestures are not simply technological innovations , but the language through which we humans are coming to navigate our way through the emerging digital landscape . We take to gestures and movements that grow out of the ones we use here in the real world . To translate them into the digital realm well requires skill , but the gestures themselves are not the typical territories -- like land masses -- over which corporations have traditionally fought . They 're inside us . Usually , advancements of this sort are developed through consortia of companies . The HTML standards through which the Web is rendered are not owned by a single company , but developed together and used by everyone . Imagine if one musical instrument company owned the patent on the piano keyboard , and another on the tuning of a violin . Or what if every typewriter company had to develop its own layout of letters ? What if blowing one 's nose into soft disposable paper were owned by Kleenex ? While Apple deserves to be rewarded for the innovations it comes up with , there 's a limit to how far into our learned behaviors the company should be awarded protection from competitors . Our transition toward a digitally functioning society is no less momentous than the shift from grunters to speakers , or from speakers to readers and writers . As such , it will require an equally cooperative spirit from the people and companies who take us there . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : Smartphone patent wars seem about human behavior , not just phones He says Apple defending its home button makes sense ; it 's so distinctive But things like pinch and zoom technology may have made leap into collective consciousness Rushkoff : When Apple 's innovations become our learned behavior , they 're fair game
North Korea has begun producing its own smartphones , the country 's state-run news agency KCNA has reported , even though most residents ' access to the Internet and telephone networks is severely limited . Pictures of the smartphone emerged after North Korean leader Kim Jong Un visited the factory where the devices are made . Branded "  Arirang " after a Korean folk song , the phones feature a touch screen and a "  high pixel " camera . What do you give a North Korean leader ? Kim said it was "  nice " to see phones being made with local technology , adding that the mass-production of goods with a North Korean trademark would instill national pride . However , there was skepticism about North Korea 's ability to produce such technology . Martyn Williams , the editor of the North Korea Tech website , said that the phones were probably made in China and shipped to the factory where they are inspected before going on sale . "  Workers are shown with finished products , inspecting them and testing them but no actual manufacturing is shown , " he said on the website . The KCNA report said production began a "  few days ago . " North Korean Mass Games : Why this year they 're different	North Korea has begun producing its own smartphones Pictures emerge after leader Kim Jong Un inspects factory The phones feature a touch screen and a "  high pixel " camera . Commentator questions North Korea 's ability to produce such technology
CNN  -- Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel are getting their group back together this spring for a reunion tour of Asia and Australia , according to a source close to the group . Art Garfunkel and Paul Simon , here performing at a 2007 gala , are planning to tour this summer . Reunion plans apparently began after Simon and Garfunkel played three songs together during Simon 's two-night gig at New York 's Beacon Theatre in February . Tour rehearsals begin in New York in May and the tour will launch in New Zealand around the first week of June , according to the source . Shows in Australia and possibly Japan will follow , the source said . Simon 's manager , Jeff Kramer , has asked the group 's musicians to clear their calendars -- which means canceling other shows -- from late May through June , the source said . Kramer , in a statement to Rolling Stone magazine after the February show , hinted that a tour was in the works . No official announcement has been made and Simon 's publicist has not responded to CNN requests for comment . "  Yes there have been conversations taking place , but nothing has been confirmed , " Kramer told Rolling Stone . Simon and Garfunkel last reunited for their "  Old Friends " tour in 2003 and 2004 , which Rolling Stone estimated earned $ 123 million . The duo , friends since childhood , is famous for breaking up and making up about every dozen years . Their biggest hits together came in the late 1960s -- including "  Bridge Over Troubled Water , " "  Mrs. Robinson " and "  Scarborough Fair . "	Source : Simon and Garfunkel to tour Asia , Australia this summer Award-winning duo has had ups and downs since early - '70s split Pair , known for many hits , last toured in 2003 and 2004
CNN  -- A 16-year-old girl , described by her family as "  a bright light full of hopes and dreams , " died inside her Connecticut high school on Friday after being slashed in her neck , chest and face , authorities said . The alleged assailant , a 16-year-old male classmate , was removed by staff members at Jonathan Law High School in Milford , Connecticut , that town 's police said . He 's being held at a local medical facility and a murder charge is pending , officials said . He 'll be arraigned on this charge next Monday in a juvenile court in New Haven , though police note that courts will decide later if he will be tried as an adult . The incident began around 7 a.m. in a stairwell at the school , and was witnessed in part by at least one school staff member . The victim -- Maren Sanchez , a junior -- suffered "  multiple lacerations " and investigators "  recovered a knife at the crime scene , " police said . The Connecticut Chief Medical Examiner 's Office has yet to officially determine a cause of death . School staff members and emergency technicians attempted "  life-saving measures , " according to Milford Police Chief Keith Mello , but Sanchez was pronounced dead at Bridgeport Hospital at 7:43 a.m. Addressing reporters on Friday , the police chief did n't provide a motive but said investigators are looking into rumors a boy was angry because Sanchez had declined to go to the prom with him . The prom , scheduled for Friday night , has been postponed . All students were sent home , and Milford Public Schools Superintendent Elizabeth Feser said counseling services will be available to them throughout the weekend . The slain girl 's cousin , Edward Kovac , read a statement from her family lamenting what they called an "  unprovoked attack " that ended the life of a young woman who had "  her future at her fingertips . " "  Maren should be celebrating at her prom this evening , with her friends and classmates , " the family said , via Kovac . "  Instead , we are mourning her death , and we are trying as a community to understand this senseless loss of life . " The family statement recalled other cases of school violence , saying "  we can never forget the lessons ... from this " and other incidents . One of those incidents happened about 22 miles away , in December 2012 in Newtown , when a lone gunman shot his mother to death , then went to Sandy Hook Elementary School and killed 26 people , including 20 children , before taking his own life . "  We need to ensure that more young children are protected from violent attacks at school , " the family said . READ MORE : Teaching teens to be active bystanders CNN 's Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	NEW : Police : A 16-year-old girl was cut in the neck , chest and face ; a knife is found NEW : The suspect , 16 , faces murder charges ; he could later be charged as an adult NEW : The family of Maren Sanchez says more should be done to prevent school violence The assault happened at Jonathan Law High School in Milford , Connecticut
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- A European Union delegation met Saturday with Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe , who said the parties had established a "  good rapport . " President Mugabe and his wife , Grace , arrive for a ZANU PF party youth conference on Friday . "  There was no animosity , it was quite friendly , " Mugabe said . Gunilla Carlsson , the Swedish minister for International Development Cooperation , said the parties "  definitely made some progress . " "  Of course we did n't agree with everything Mr. Mugabe said , but it was a correct meeting and we exchanged views , " Carlsson , who is heading the mission , told CNN 's Rosemary Church . The delegation met with Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai later on Saturday . Carlsson spokesman Peter Larsson had said earlier that "  there was no sense of any hostility from Mugabe . " Larsson was referring to remarks the Zimbabwean president made Friday , when he condemned "  bloody whites " for meddling in his country 's affairs . Carlsson is heading the mission to Zimbabwe . "  Sanctions or no sanctions , Zimbabwe remains ours , " . Mugabe told his ZANU-PF party 's youth conference in Harare on Friday . "  Who said the British and the Americans should rule over others ? That 's why we say , down with you . We have not invited these bloody whites . They want to poke their nose into our own affairs . Refuse that , " he said . The European Union imposed travel bans on Mugabe and his representatives in 2002 . The bans were imposed after accusations of human rights violations and election fraud . In addition to travel restrictions , the European Union has frozen the assets of more than 200 Zimbabweans for allegedly violating human rights , according to Sweden , which holds the rotating presidency of the EU this year . On Saturday , Mugabe again addressed "  sanctions , " saying he was dismayed that they were not lifted after meeting with the EU delegation . "  I have always been disappointed with sanctions on Zimbabwe , " he said , adding that the EU delegation "  thought things were not working , yet we did all the things we were asked to do " under a power-sharing agreement signed in September last year . Larsson said there was no discussion about the restrictions at the meeting . Under the agreement , which was to end months of turmoil and violence that followed the country 's March 2008 presidential elections , Mugabe retained his office , and opposition leader Tsvangirai became prime minister . The agreement -- the Global Political Agreement -- spelled out a number of fundamental democratic reforms , but so far there has been no progress toward them , Carlsson said in a statement ahead of the meetings with Mugabe and Tsvangirai . "  There have not yet been clear positive developments in all areas . I am still concerned at the lack of democratic development , " she said then . After meeting with Tsvangirai , Carlsson told CNN that "  Tsvangirai 's government is working hard towards the implementation of the political agreement . " She added , "  After such a long time of oppression , it is of course hard to move forward and change will take some time . But the EU is committed to follow up on this progress and encourage change . " CNN 's Per Nyberg in London , England , contributed to this report	Of EU meeting , Mugabe said "  there was no animosity , it was quite friendly " EU officials in Zimbabwe to ease relations , push progress on political reforms European Union imposed travel bans on Mugabe , his representatives in 2002 President Robert Mugabe says West tries to impose its rules on Zimbabwe
CNN  -- When the Boy Scouts of America found out den leader Jennifer Tyrrell is a lesbian , the organization 's Ohio River Valley Council sent her a letter saying "  you must immediately sever any relationship you may have " with the Scouts . "  You should understand that BSA  Boy Scouts of America  membership registration is a privilege and is not automatically granted to everyone who applies , " the group wrote in the April 12 , 2012 , letter that Tyrrell , a 33-year-old mom in Ohio , photographed and sent to me recently . "  We reserve the right to refuse registration whenever there is concern that an individual may not meet the high standards of membership the BSA seeks . " That reference to "  high standards " is apparently the Boy Scouts way of saying gays and lesbian scout leaders need not apply . You may have heard people describe the Boy Scouts as gay-friendly this week , since the group voted to amend its draconian policies that banned "  open or avowed homosexuals " from participating in the group as Scouts . The 103-year-old organization -- known for its worthwhile efforts to teach kids to tie knots , survive in the woods and become more civic-minded adults -- decided on Thursday that gay Scouts should be able to participate in the organization . But not gay and lesbian leaders . The Boy Scouts ' 1,400 voting members approved the change with more than 60 % of the vote . Still , the Scouts will have a hard time escaping the organization 's new reputation as a den for outdated thinking and discrimination . The group 's attitudes on gay rights are "  more out of style than the scout socks , " said Kelsey Timmerman , a former Eagle Scout who mailed his badge back to the organization because of its discriminatory policies . "  I never wore those damn socks , " he said , laughing . It 's clear the Boy Scouts are lost in the woods . Timmerman represents the core of the scouting organization 's problem . He 's 34 , straight and the father of two kids . He credits the Scouts with helping him become an outgoing , confident and successful person . "  Scouting was awesome , " he said . But he would n't enroll his son in the program unless gays and lesbians are allowed to be Scouts and Scout leaders , too . He does n't want them to learn to discriminate from an organization that claims to value kindness and bravery . The same goes for Tyrrell , the former Tiger Cub den leader in Ohio . Her son Cruz would love to be able to participate in the Scouts again , she said . And she would love for him to be able to do so . She noticed improvements in his maturity and confidence when he was part of the group . But she wo n't go back unless everyone is welcome . "  They 're teaching them to be bigots essentially , " she said . "  This world is changing so quickly . You ca n't raise leaders for tomorrow on principles founded 100 years ago . " When I spoke with Tyrrell earlier , I sympathized with her wanting to celebrate the proposal to include gay Scouts as a "  tiny step in the right direction . " Hundreds of thousands of people had petitioned the Scouts to allow gay kids to participate . Ryan Andresen became a national celebrity of sorts after he was refused his Eagle Scout award because he 's openly gay .  Ellen DeGeneres had him on her show and gave him a $ 20,000 scholarship . I am certainly thankful the Boy Scouts did decide to allow all openly gay kids to be members . But it 's frustrating and unfair that Boy Scout leaders also affirmed discrimination against adult scout leaders . The Scouts should n't tell children there 's nothing wrong with gay kids , but that there is something mysterious and dangerous about gay and lesbian adults . For one thing , it 's illogical . "  How does a  gay Scout  commit his life to an organization who he knows full well is going to dump him the day he turns 18 ? " Tyrrell asked when we spoke in April , before this week 's vote . "  It would be really hard for that boy to believe in trustworthiness and loyalty and all those things that are important as a Scout . " Gay kids : fine . Adults ? Not so much . The problem may be that the Scouts are listening too much instead of making decisions with conviction . They 're "  licking their finger and testing the wind , " as Timmerman put it , trying to figure out how to please all constituencies . That 's , of course , impossible . The anti-gay Family Research Council recently uploaded a YouTube video  watch it ; this sort of over-produced fear-mongering has become a hilarious parody of itself  saying that the Boy Scouts were "  abandoning their moral compass " by thinking of including gay Scouts . I do n't think the Boy Scouts of America has abandoned its compass . But it 's clear it still needs to be recalibrated to the times . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Boy Scouts of America voted to end its ban on gay Scouts The organization will continue , however , to ban gay Scout leaders John Sutter : The group ca n't have it both ways and should include everyone Sutter speaks with a den leader who was ousted because she 's a lesbian
CNN  -- So much for destiny . The Royals seemingly had karma on their side and were ready to put a Hollywood ending on a memorable season , but the baseball gods had a different plan . For they had created a pitcher who had a performance that surely is n't that of a mortal . Led by Most Valuable Player Madison Bumgarner , the San Francisco Giants won an exciting and intriguing World Series Game 7 by a 3-2 score . In the second World Series matchup of wildcard teams , it was n't to be for the young Royals , who even got the tying run to third base in the ninth inning . But the Giants had Bumgarner , and no one was going to score against him . Madison the Magnificent Early on , the Royals had to think things were going perfectly . They knocked out Giants starter Tim Hudson in a hurry , and it looked like San Fran skipper Bruce Bochy was going to have to make repeated calls to his bullpen . They were keeping the game close , even though they trailed by a run . Sure , the Giants had Bumgarner , their ace , available , but he just threw a complete game three days ago . Even if he came in , it seemed impossible he 'd throw more than a couple innings . He threw an inconceivable five . You know the last time that 's been done before Wednesday . Probably never . "  I was n't thinking about finishing the game or how many innings I was going to go or pitch count , " Bumgarner said . "  I was just wanting to get outs . " Bumgarner finished the World Series with two wins , one incredible save and an ERA of 0.43 . Asked if he was fatigued after such a magnificent performance , the 25-year-old star admitted , yeah , he was . "  I ca n't lie to you any more ; I 'm a little tired now , " he said with a chuckle . 90 feet from extra innings With Bumgarner locked in and two out in the ninth , San Francisco fans could n't be blamed if they were celebrating . But K.C. still had a little life . After all , these are the Royals who appeared doomed in the American League Wild Card game , only to rally for a win . Kansas City 's Alex Gordon was the last hope , and he laced a liner to left center . Hearts in Kansas City sank as it appeared Gregor Blanco might catch it . Their hearts raced as the ball fell and skipped by the outfielder and rolled to the wall . Gordon headed toward third as Juan Perez fumbled the ball . Could it be ? Would Gordon turn for home and score the most improbable of runs ? San Francisco manager Bruce Bochy said he was just thinking : "  Let 's get the ball in because Gordon can run . " Perez was able to pick up the ball and get it back to the infield in time to keep Gordon from scoring . Then Bumgarner closed out the game , enticing Salvador Perez to pop out . "  To end up losing the ball game by 90 feet , it 's tough , " Royals manager Ned Yost said . "  The hard part about this is , you work all year  beginning in February  to climb to the top of the mountain and then -- boom -- you fall back , and you got ta start right back at the bottom next year . " Just wait til next year Royals fans have waited three decades  it seems even longer  but despite a tough loss , they were still proud of their lads . "  The @Royals may have lost , but this team and that city is all winner . Thanks for a GREAT post season . Congrats Giants and GO @KCChiefs !!!! " "  Modern Family " actor Eric Stonestreet tweeted . "  Never been prouder of @Royals on a great season and an absolutely unforgettable , drama-filled playoff run . Well done , fellas , " White House press secretary Josh Earnest wrote . "  I love my @Royals !!! Thanks for the best Series I 've seen in 29 yrs ! Congrats San Francisco Giants , " added comedian Rob Riggle . Fans at Kauffman Stadium stayed after the end and even broke into a loud "  Let 's go Royals " chant . Affeldt bridges the gap Years from now , when Jeremy Affeldt shows off his World Series rings , people will ask him about watching Madison Bumgarner pitch . They 'll have long forgotten , if they ever knew , that Affeldt had a lower ERA in the 2014 postseason then even the Giants star . No one scored on Affeldt . No one . In Game 7 , before Bumgarner stole the headlines , Affeldt blanked the Royals for 2 1/3 innings . It earned him the win  Originally the win was given to Bumgarner but the decision was changed later  . Affeldt has now pitched in 22 consecutive playoff games without surrendering a run . Only the legendary Mariano Rivera has done better . "  Affeldt , he is incredible , " Bochy said . "  He 's played a critical role in these three championships . " Party time San Francisco fans are used to watching their team win the World Series on the road . Each of their clinching wins has been a road game . According to CNN affiliate KRON , fans took to the streets in the Mission District and near Civic Center Plaza , where there had been a public watch party . And one person was shot in the arm , police told the station . The suspect was n't caught , police spokesman Gordon Shyy told KRON . Only a few people had been arrested , he added . Mayor Edwin Lee took to Twitter to announce the victory parade would be held Friday .	No one could have predicted Madison Bumgarner would have enough to pitch five innings Jeremy Affeldt was just as good , tossing more scoreless innings Royals fans stay after game to show their pride One person shot in San Francisco , CNN affiliate reports
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A Sunni town north of Baghdad that has been surrounded by ISIS for more than two months came under heavy attack on Monday , local police and residents said . At about 9 a.m. , a suicide bomber in a seized military Humvee struck a dirt berm that was built as part of the defenses around the southern part of Dhuluiya . The bombing cleared the way for a second suicide bomber in another Humvee to drive into the center of the town and strike the market area . At least nine people were killed and more than 70 others were wounded in the two bombings . . Shaalan al-Jibouri , a resident of Dhuluiya and a local journalist , explained the situation to CNN from inside the town . He said ISIS seized the town in June , but on June 18 , the al-Jibour tribe , along with the local police , pushed ISIS out of the southern part of the town and took control of the area , while ISIS remained in control of the northern part . Since June , al-Jibouri said , the southern part of Dhuluiya has been besieged and under constant attack by ISIS . Local officials have counted 72 attacks , including hundreds of mortar and artillery shell strikes . The attack on Monday , he said , was the worst since the ISIS offensive began . On July 16 , he said , ISIS blew up a vital bridge connecting Dhuluiya to the predominantly Shiite town of Balad about 10 kilometers  6 miles  to the west . Al-Jibouri said the bridge was a lifeline for the town and even though Balad is a Shiite town , its local officials and residents have supported and assisted residents of Dhuluiya throughout the siege . He described a dire humanitarian situation in the part of Dhuluiya that has no medical care and having to move people to Balad for treatment there . The destruction of the bridge has forced them to use small boats to move the injured and get supplies , which has been very difficult , he said . Al-Jibouri said the people of his town and its police force are determined to continue the fight , with women and young boys taking up arms to defend their home . "  We lived through a bitter experience in 2006 under these people . They did not distinguish between security forces and civilians . They massacred people then and they will do it again . ... We will not allow them to enter the town . Dhuluiya will continue its resistance until the last breath , over our dead bodies will they enter this town . " Al-Jibouri 's wife and 16-year-old daughter were wounded when an artillery shell hit close to their home last week . He said local officials have repeatedly asked for government support but have received only "  empty promises . " "  In the name of humanity we call on President Obama , who says they are the protectors of humanity -- where are your planes , your missiles ? " "  Why this terrorism , why are our children being killed , our homes destroyed ? We call on the American people to pressure their government to help us . " A number of people in the room with him also said they want the United States to help them , saying even if it 's American troops , "  we welcome them . " They accused the Iraqi government of a double standard , apparently a reference to the fact that about a week ago , Iraqi troops broke the ISIS siege in the town of Amerli , which is predominantly Shiite .	Town was taken over by ISIS in June , but police and local tribe regained control of part of it Residents of Dhuluiya say since then , ISIS has attacked relentlessly Monday , suicide bombers hit the downtown market area , killing at least 9 Residents say Iraqi government offers only "  empty promises , " call on U.S. for help
CNN  -- The United States are aiming to win the Solheim Cup for a fourth successive occasion when they face Europe in the 12th edition of the women 's team golf tournament , which begins at the Killeen Castle Golf Resort in Ireland on Friday . The competition , an exact replica of the men 's Ryder Cup , begins on Friday morning with four foursomes , where the players alternate playing the same ball , before the afternoon 's four fourballs -- which sees each player playing their own ball . Saturday 's two sessions then follow exactly the same format , before Sunday 's 12 individual singles , which will determine the winners . With a total of 28 points up for grabs , the winning team is the first to reach 14 1/2 points , with the Americans securing 16-12 triumphs in Illinois in 2009 and Sweden in 2007 . Alison Nicholas , who is captaining Europe for a second time following their 2009 defeat , has paired Maria Hjorth and Anna Nordqvist in the opening foursomes match -- with the Swedish duo lining up against Michelle Wie and Cristie Kerr . The English duo of Karen Stupples and Melissa Reid face Paula Creamer and Brittany Lincicome in the second of the foursomes , while the third sees veteran Scot Catriona Matthew and Spanish rookie Azahara Munoz against Stacy Lewis and Angela Stanford . And Friday 's morning session is completed by Suzann Pettersen of Norway and Sweden 's Sophie Gustafson facing Brittany Lang and Juli Inkster -- who becomes the oldest-ever Solheim Cup player at the age of 51 . The United States lead Europe 8-3 overall and both Nicholas and her American counterpart Rosie Jones are aware of the need to get a good start in the competition . Nicholas told the official Solheim Cup website : "  I think I have a good blend in my team and I am very happy with the way the draw has worked out . "  Catriona , for instance , is a great leader and gets on so well with everyone . She has lots of experience and I think she will make a great pairing with Azahara . They are both steady players . " The United States come into the match as favorites to retain their title , with four of the world 's top 10 amongst their ranks . "  I 've put Michelle and Cristie out first because they are both good leaders , " Jones told the official website . "  They have played a lot together and had success . I want them to get out there and put up a point . " She continued : "  I 've got heavy hitters in every match . I have a master plan and I 'm going to stick to it as much as possible . But you have to wait and see how the matches go and maybe adjust . " European team :  number of previous Solheim Cup appearances in brackets Melissa Reid  Eng   - Laura Davies  Eng   11 Karen Stupples  Eng   1 Suzann Pettersen  Nor   5 Sophie Gustafson  Swe   7 Maria Hjorth  Swe   4 Anna Nordqvist  Swe   1 Caroline Hedwall  Swe   - Catriona Matthew  Sco   4 Azahara Munoz  Sp   - Sandra Gal  Ger   - Christel Boeljon  Net   - United States team : Michelle Wie  1 Julie Inkster  8 Cristie Kerr  5 Paula Creamer  3 Angela Stanford  3 Brittany Lang  1 Brittany Lincicome  2 Morgan Pressel  2 Christina Kim  2 Vicky Hurst  - Ryann O'Toole  - Stacy Lewis  -	Europe and the United States begin the 12th edition of golf 's Solheim Cup on Friday The American women are aiming to win the title for a fourth successive time this weekend The action starts at the Killeen Castle Resort in Ireland with the opening fourballs
Rolling Stone  -- Iggy Pop has announced a new album of mostly French covers set for May 9 . "  Après " will feature the singer 's versions of songs by Serge Gainsbourg , Edith Piaf , the Beatles , Frank Sinatra , Yoko Ono and more . "  I wanted to sing some of these songs myself , hoping to bring the feeling I felt as a listener to my listeners through my voice , " said Iggy Pop in a press release . "  Many of these songs are in French , probably because it is French culture which has most stubbornly resisted the mortal attacks of the Anglo-American music machine . " "  Après " follows Iggy Pop 's 2009 English/French album "  Préliminaires , " which was inspired by the Michel Houellebecq novel "  La Possibilité d'une Ile "  "  The Possibility of an Island "  . Track listing : "  Et Si Tu N'Existais Pas "  Joe Dassin "  La Javanaise "  Serge Gainsbourg "  Everybody 's Talkin ' "  Harry Nilsson "  I 'm Going Away Smiling "  Yoko Ono "  La Vie En Rose "  Edith Piaf "  Les Passantes "  Georges Brassens "  Syracuse "  Henri Salvador "  What Is This Thing Called Love ? "  Cole Porter "  Michelle "  The Beatles "  Only the Lonely "  Frank Sinatra See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Iggy Pop will be releasing an album of mostly French covers "  Après " will feature Iggy Pop 's versions of songs by Serge Gainsbourg , Edith Piaf , the Beatles , Frank Sinatra "  Après " follows Iggy Pop 's 2009 English/French album "  Préliminaires and will be released May 9
CNN  Shannon Zwanziger seemed perfectly healthy . She was an active 17-year-old who rarely got sick and had n't been to a doctor in more than three years . Then one day , she came home with the flu . She died a week later . Shannon is part of grim new statistics released this week by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention showing that the flu has reached an epidemic level in the United States this year . It 's blamed for more deaths than it was at this time last year -- including 15 children . That 's as of December 20 . Already , more flu-related deaths are suspected , including a 4-year-old boy in Port Isabel , Texas , CNN affiliate KGNS reports . It 's still early in the flu season , which often begins in early fall and persists through May , so it remains to be seen exactly how pervasive the flu will be . Passed out in her mother 's arms , never came to Shortly before she died on December 9 , Shannon had worked her way -- slowly -- down the stairs at home by sitting and sliding down each step . She eventually made her way to the bathroom to take a bath . "  I helped her get in the bathtub , but when I saw her eyes , I said , ' I think this is a mistake -- we 've got to get you out of here , ' " her grief-stricken mother , Gwen , in Owatonna , Minnesota , told CNN on Wednesday . "  She could n't help me get her out . So I lifted her up , and she passed away in my arms . " Technically , Shannon was still alive , but she never regained consciousness . Zwanziger began administering mouth-to-mouth resuscitation and screamed for her husband , Terry , who called 911 . Emergency medical workers rushed Shannon to a hospital , which found a slight heartbeat and flew her to a larger hospital . After a few hours , her heart stopped altogether . "  She was such an incredible kid , " Gwen Zwanziger said by phone . "  She had her whole life planned out . She was living life to the fullest . If you 're going to have the perfect kid , she was it . " Zwanziger had taken her daughter to a clinic at the hospital when she first became ill . She was told that her sickness was the flu and would run its course at home . The Zwanzigers cared for her , gave her liquids and did everything they were told . But Zwanziger says the family later learned that at some point , Shannon 's liver gave out . And an autopsy confirmed that she had a type A flu . The CDC said that because of privacy rules , it can say only that there were two "  confirmed reports of flu-pediatric deaths in Minnesota this season . " It will be several more weeks before autopsy results show whether Shannon had an underlying health issue that the family was unaware of , Zwanziger says . The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends an annual physical exam throughout childhood after the age of 4 . But a study found that one third of Minnesota teens ages 13 to 17 had no preventive care visits , and another 40 % had only one such visit during those years . Medical care not enough When Shannon became sick , Zwanziger says , she got excellent medical care , but it was n't enough . She wants more people suffering from symptoms to have blood tests . Shannon had not had the vaccine . Her father was vaccinated , but her mother was not because she had a bad reaction to a swine flu vaccine in the 1970s , she said . "  If a person has had a serious allergic reaction to flu vaccines in the past , this might be a contraindication to getting one , but they should talk with their doctor to understand if that reaction is relevant to the decision to get a vaccine now , " says Dr. Joseph Bresee , chief of the Epidemiology and Prevention Branch of the CDC 's Influenza Division . The Zwanzigers gave their daughter a choice , and she chose to forgo the vaccine . It 's unknown whether the vaccine would have saved her . Bad year for the vaccine The CDC said it does not yet have information on how many of those killed by the flu this year were vaccinated . It 's an unusually bad year for the vaccine . Just over half the strains tested were not covered by it . The biggest reason is a mutated strain that was not being spread at the time the vaccine was designed . Predicting the flu to help avoid it Still , getting vaccinated is "  the best way to reduce the chances that you will get seasonal flu and spread it to others " and "  may make your illness milder if you do get sick , " according to the CDC . "  It 's still about 61 % effective , " Dr. Seema Yasmin , a CNN medical analyst , said . "  Most flu vaccines protect against three or four different strains of flu actually , so even if it 's not a great match against one particular strain , it will still protect you against the other strains that are going around right now . " Alarming numbers While alarming , the latest statistics do n't indicate that the outbreak this year will be , overall , worse than in previous years , the CDC told CNN on Wednesday . It 's too early to know . Flu activity is high in nearly half the country -- 22 states and Puerto Rico , according to a map released by the CDC . An infectious disease specialist with the Inova health care system in Fairfax , Virginia , said medical staff has been busy . "  We 've seen more patients than we anticipated , " Dr. Sujata Ambardar told CNN affiliate WJLA . "  The hope is that things will stabilize , but I do n't see it stopping anytime soon . " The "  epidemic threshold " is crossed to some extent every year , a CDC chart shows . In the week ending December 20 , nearly 7 % of deaths were blamed on pneumonia and flu . That 's higher than it was at the same time last year , but later on in the season , the percentage of deaths blamed on the flu generally goes higher . The number of children killed by the flu spiked tremendously in 2013 . Thirty-seven deaths were blamed on the flu in the 2011 to 2012 season ; the next season , 2012-2013 , there were 171 deaths , the CDC says . In the 2013 to 2014 season , the figure was 109 . The 2009 season , which stretched from April 2009 to October 2010 and included the H1N1 pandemic , saw 348 deaths . Totals are known for children but not adults because child deaths must be reported to the CDC ; there 's no similar requirement for adult deaths . Older people are generally those worst-affected . Flu-related hospitalizations among people 65 and older has reached 38.3 per 100,000 people , the highest rate of any age group , the CDC says . Flu activity generally peaks in the United States between December and February . The not knowing Gwen Zwanziger says she did not catch the flu from her daughter , even after administering mouth-to-mouth resuscitation . Mixed in with all the pain and grief the family is suffering is the frustration of not knowing how the death happened . "  I just can not figure out why she died from this , " the grieving mother says . CNN had contacted an online fundraising campaign for the Zwanziger family -- her parents and her sister , who is married and has a baby -- to learn more about the girl 's death . Organizers got back in touch , saying Gwen Zwanziger wanted to talk and deliver a message : "  We need to take it more seriously . And you need to be really proactive . " CNN 's Eve Bower and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Doctor says her medical group has seen more patients than expected Shannon Zwanziger , 17 , seemed perfectly healthy , got the flu and died within a week CDC officially declares a flu epidemic and says 15 children have died
Washington  CNN  -- A bipartisan group of senators announced an agreement on a student loans package Thursday that would cap rates , ending a standoff that lasted months and broke through a July 1 deadline for finding a solution . Under the compromise measure , undergraduate students would pay a rate of 3.85 % next year on subsidized and unsubsidized Stafford loans . The plan would cap rates on loans to undergrads at 8.25 % , for graduate students at 9.5 % and parents at 10.5 % . "  While this is not the agreement that any of us would have written , and many of us would like to have seen something quite different , I believe we have come a very long way on reaching common ground , " Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , the Democratic whip in the Senate , said at a press conference Thursday . Sen. Tom Harkin , the Democratic chairman of the committee that oversees federal education programs , also was present in announcing the deal . The Iowa senator had resisted for weeks agreeing to a plan unless it included caps on how high the interest rates on the loans could rise . Rude awakening for grads Speaking after Thursday 's news conference , Harkin said lawmakers may revisit the student loans issue when his committee wades into altering the Higher Education Act in the next several months . Even as Harkin praised the deal , he said he might reopen it as early as next year . "  Can we change it ? Sure we can change it , " Harkin told reporters . "  This is not the Ten Commandments written in stone for God 's sake . " "  If we do n't pass a Higher Education Act at least there is certainty in the future . If we pass a Higher Education Act , we might want to leave it the same we might want to change it a little bit . I do n't know , " he continued . Republicans praised the plan . Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma called it a "  win-win for both students and taxpayers . " "  Tying interest rates to the market allows students to take advantage of historically low rates while ensuring taxpayers will not have to foot the bill for arbitrary rates set by Congress , " he said . Student loan rates doubled July 1 from 3.4 % to 6.8 % after Congress failed to reach a deal averting the increase . The agreement , if approved by the full Senate , would tie interest rates on a variety of government-backed loans to 10-year Treasury notes and would lock in surcharges paid to the government for administrative costs . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said the upper chamber would vote on the deal "  as quickly as possible . " The White House , which has been heavily involved in negotiations , backs the agreement , a Senate Democratic leadership aide said . Opinion : Obama repeats strategy in student loan fight	NEW : Bipartisan group of senators announce an agreement NEW : Plan would cap rates on many types of student loans NEW : Senate will vote on plan "  as quickly as possible , " says Reid Sen. Tom Harkin , whose support is key , agreed to the deal
Washington  CNN  -- After weeks of talking past each other , congressional leaders and President Barack Obama talked to each other Wednesday evening -- only to emerge evidently no closer to a deal to halt the government 's budget stalemate . The White House meeting , coming a day after the start of the federal government shutdown , served at least one purpose , in that key players in the debate gathered together in the same room for over an hour : Obama called it "  useful , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said it was "  worthwhile , " and House Speaker John Boehner cast it as a "  polite conversation . " But while the sides talked , there was no indication they agreed on anything or even shifted their views . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , for instance , went so far as to call it "  unproductive . " Neither side discussed any potential compromises , with Obama and Vice President Joe Biden doing most of the talking and Boehner making clear he wo n't go forward with a "  clean " funding bill -- with no Obamacare amendments -- a GOP congressional source said . Republicans , led by tea party conservatives in the House , have demanded provisions to defund or delay Obama 's signature Affordable Care Act be attached to any government spending plan , a strategy that Democrats have called a non-starter . Moreover , the parties are on the verge of another crisis -- over whether to raise the debt ceiling by October 17 , at which point the federal government wo n't be able to pay its bills . "  At times like this , the American people expect their leaders to come together to find ways to resolve their differences , " Boehner said . "  The president reiterated one more time tonight that he will not negotiate . " A few minutes later , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid claimed that it was Boehner -- not the president or his fellow Democrats -- who has refused to budge on budgetary matters , saying "  we 're through playing these little games . " Reid said Democratic leaders offered Boehner "  a lifeline " by setting up negotiations "  about anything that you want to talk about " so long as the House agrees to reopen the government first . "  I thought that they were concerned about the long-term fiscal affairs of this country . And we said , ` we are too . Let 's talk about it , ' " the Nevada Democrat said . "  My friend , John Boehner ... can not take yes for an answer . " In an interview with CNBC prior to the meeting , Obama said he was "  prepared to negotiate on anything " regarding the federal budget -- but only after Congress passes "  a clean piece of legislation that reopens the government " and allows the U.S. "  Treasury to pay for things that Congress itself already authorized . " "  Am I exasperated ? " Obama said of Boehner , who is under pressure from fiscal hawks , and is refusing to let the House vote on the Senate-approved spending plan . "  I am absolutely exasperated , because this is entirely unnecessary . " The president foreshadowed Boehner 's comments that he would n't negotiate with Republicans in their attempts to tie government funding to Obamacare changes . Doing so , the president said , would set a dangerous precedent . "  If we get in the habit where a few folks , an extremist wing of one party ... are allowed to extort concessions based on a threat of undermining the full faith and credit of the United States , then any president that comes after me ... will find themselves unable to govern effectively , " Obama said . "  And that is not something that I 'm going to allow to happen . " Americans hurt as DC ` squabbles like kids ' GOP spending measures unlikely to advance Fresh off having sent four separate proposals tying funding the government to either delaying or defunding Obamacare -- each of which was rejected by the Senate -- the GOP-led House continued to work Wednesday , albeit on another plan Democrats say wo n't go anywhere . A day after an initial effort failed because the short-term proposals comprising a tiny portion of the overall federal budget lacked the necessary two-thirds majority support due to Democratic opposition , the House passed -- with majority support -- bills to fund national parks , the National Institutes of Health and District of Columbia operations . The incremental approach pushed by Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas seeks to pressure Democrats to approve spending for programs that Republicans like , but not Obamacare . Yet Obama has signaled he 'd veto those measures should they reach his desk . That 's unlikely , given that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has dismissed the GOP approach as "  reckless and irresponsible . " Shutdown ` extremely damaging ' to U.S. intelligence operations While expressing openness to budgetary negotiations generally , Democrats have said they 'll only talk after Congress passes a clean spending measure . Both Democrats and Republicans say such a bill would pass the House with support from the Democratic minority and moderate Republicans . So far , Boehner has succumbed to pressure from the tea party right to avoid a vote that would pass something without causing some harm to the health care reforms . One problem is that conservative House Republicans from home districts with no realistic Democratic challenge feel emboldened to pursue a more extremist ideology backed by their supporters , CNN Chief National Correspondent John King said . "  More people say raise the debt ceiling and fight the health care debate somewhere else , " he noted . "  But there 's enough here , if you think of a Republican going home to his district , there 's enough here to understand why the Republicans think they 're on safe ground dragging this out . " Decision to raise debt ceiling , or risk default , looms The looming debt crisis could pose even more headaches , and confrontation , in the coming weeks . Failing to raise it may mean a U.S. default on its debt , something Obama stressed in Wednesday 's White House meeting that the country ca n't afford to do , according to Reid . Obama offered no indication that he 'll budge . Noting that such Republican brinkmanship in 2011 led to the first-ever downgrade of the U.S. credit rating , the president said Tuesday he "  will not negotiate over Congress ' responsibility to pay bills it 's already racked up . " Writing the same day in USA Today , Boehner dug in his heels on the issue , saying "  there is no way Congress can or should pass such a bill without spending cuts and reforms to deal with the debt and deficit . " Raising the debt ceiling ? Still , that crisis is still a few weeks away . The government shutdown is the one currently affecting hundreds of thousands of furloughed government workers , not to mention millions of others who rely on government programs , visit national parks and have some other type of interaction with affected programs . One moderate Republican who has backed a clean spending measure , Rep. Michael Grimm of New York , said that "  both sides have dug in . " Democrats , who he said "  wo n't even have a discussion , " put House Republicans in a tight spot where they feel compelled to hold their ground or else "  set a bad precedent that the Senate would be somewhat dictating how the House runs . " But if Democrats agreed to listen , Grimm expressed optimism "  that we would put a package together and solve the problems at once , so we can get the government funded , stop the shutdown , and also deal with the debt ceiling so we do n't have another crisis a week or two away from now . " Government shutdown forces clinical trial patients to wait Pelosi said that scores of Democrats have reluctantly offered to back a plan to fund the entire government at a figure that 's been bandied about by Republicans , albeit well below what her party members want . The other option would be to reconcile budgets passed by both chambers earlier this year in a conference committee , as is Washington custom . But what Democrats wo n't stand for , Pelosi said , is GOP legislators shuttering the government due to their opposition to Obamacare , which previously passed through Congress and withstood a Supreme Court challenge . "  That 's not what our Constitution had in mind : that if you do n't like something , you threaten to shut down the government , " the California Democrat said . "  It 's not that kind of system . " A blow to the economy The shutdown of the government -- the country 's largest employer -- is n't happening all at once . Federal employees who are considered essential will continue working . Those deemed non-essential -- up to 800,000 -- could be furloughed , unsure when they 'll be able to work or get paid again . The shutdown could cost the still-struggling U.S. economy about $ 1 billion a week in pay lost by furloughed federal workers . And that 's only the tip of the iceberg . Congress still gets paid While many agencies have reserve funds and contingency plans that would give them some short-term leeway , the economic effect would snowball as the shutdown continued . The total economic impact is likely to be at least 10 times greater than the simple calculation of lost wages of federal workers , said Brian Kessler , economist with Moody 's Analytics . His firm estimates that a three - to four-week shutdown would cost the economy about $ 55 billion . And it 's already had political ramifications extending beyond the United States . On Wednesday , Obama canceled planned visits next week to Malaysia and the Philippines as part of an Asian swing that will include a summit of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations on Bali . Obama will still attend the ASEAN summit , his office said . CNN 's Tom Cohen wrote and reported from Washington , and CNN 's Greg Botelho did the same from Atlanta . CNN 's Brianna Keilar , Athena Jones , Dana Bash , Jim Acosta and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Senate Minority Leader McConnell calls White House meeting "  unproductive " NEW : Neither side discussed any potential compromise , a GOP source says An ` exasperated ' Obama says no negotiations until the government reopens The government shut down began on Tuesday in a stalemate over spending
CNN  -- Lara Zankoul and Lara Atallah are both young Lebanese photographers taking their first steps in promising artistic careers . Their work , however , could hardly be more different . While Atallah focuses on the gritty reality of life in urban Beirut , Zankoul 's images are whimsical and surreal , created from her imagination . They are both among the latest emerging artists to be featured in the Young Collectors Auction run by Ayyam Gallery in Dubai . The auction , held on Tuesday  May 15  , featured 75 lots from 63 emerging and established Middle Eastern artists , 10 of them aged 30 or under . Ayyam Gallery has been running Young Collectors Auctions since 2008 , aimed at supporting emerging artists and opening the art market to new collectors . Almost all the works had estimates well below $ 10,000 , with most in the region of $ 2,000 to $ 3,000 . "  The art market here is quite young and people are interested in buying art , but intimidated by the gallery scene and auctions , " said Hisham Samawi , Ayyam 's auctioneer . "  We wanted to start something with a relaxed atmosphere , lower estimates and young emerging artists . " See also : Auctions celebrate art of Islamic world The recipe has been a success and Ayyam has just run its 13th Young Collectors ' Auction . The latest raised a total of $ 550,000 . Samawi believes Middle Eastern art could be on the verge of an explosion similar to that seen in the Chinese and Indian art markets in recent years . "  There 's great art in this region and internationally it 's undervalued , " he said . "  There has been a steady increase in prices and this is just the beginning . Politically there 's so much going on and that 's reflected by artists . " Here we feature 10 emerging Middle Eastern artists aged 30 or under from the Ayyam Young Collectors Auction who could be names to watch out for in the future . 1 . Lara Zankoul , Lebanon , born 1987 Zankoul , 24 , studied economics at university and only began photography as a hobby in 2009 . "  Over time the hobby grew and grew and became an obsession , " she said . "  I promoted my work through social media and gradually started to gain more followers and feedback and eventually freelance projects . " She held her first exhibition collective two years ago and is part of Ayyam 's incubator program . Zankoul 's photography consists of surreal compositions she creates from her imagination , rather than an attempt to capture reality . "  I like to create worlds of my own . A lot of work goes into setting up the scene , " said Zankoul , who once dragged a bed into the sea for a photograph . For now , she still works full time as an economic researcher alongside her photography . 2 . Lara Atallah , Lebanon , born 1989 Atallah , 22 , captures the gritty reality of urban Beirut in her photography , aiming to tackle social problems . She had just graduated in graphic design from the University of Beirut last year when she got her break entering a competition organized by Ayyam Gallery . Her entry was a series of photographs of an abandoned school building . "  Photography is a means , not an end , " said Atallah . "  The ideas I like to get across do not get much attention from artists and people in general . " Other subjects she has tackled include the destruction of Beirut 's architectural heritage , and street vendors and their makeshift shelters . "  There 's no such thing as the right time to start out as an artist , it takes a lot of determination , " said Atallah . "  But since I 've started I 've discovered a lot of different artists from this region . There 's a very rich art scene . " See also : Megabucks sex up Middle East art explosion 3 . Eman Mohammed , Palestinian Territories , born 1989 Mohammed says she is the only Palestinian woman working as a photojournalist in Gaza and says she has faced prejudice over her career choice . She began covering the Palestinian-Israeli conflict as a teenager in 2006 and has gained an international reputation for her work , which includes images of air strikes , funerals of militants , and Gaza 's deep-sea fishermen . Mohammed won the 2009 Carmignac Gestion Judges ' Special Prize , received an honorable mention in UNICEF 's 2009 Photo of the Year contest and has been part of collective exhibitions in the United States , Canada , Israel , Ireland and the Netherlands . 4 . Babak Kazemi , Iran , born 1983 Kazemi , a graphic-design graduate , makes unusual and often surreal photographic collages . His work includes vintage-style sepia photographs superimposed with brightly colored Disney images of Mickey and Minnie Mouse . He experiments with a technique called petroleum printing , involving immersing collages in petroleum products . 5 . Saeed Salem , Yemen , born 1984 Salem , of Yemeni descent , was born in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , and -- after studying abroad -- has set up a photographic studio there called 181 Degrees . In his series Neonland , he explores the bright lights of Jeddah 's cosmopolitan city center . In exhibition publicity he said : "  These neon kiosks are a symbol of Jeddah ... they are iconic and you only find them in this city ... It 's like a mini hypermarket . "  To me , they symbolize both the old Arabic culture : a place to meet and talk ; as well as something very futuristic . " 6 . Abdalla Omari , Syria , born 1986 Painter and filmmaker Omari , from Damascus , is one of the few people on this list already working full-time as an artist . Omari has made and collaborated in animation films , series and video arts and took part in the 2010 Damascus International Cinema Festival . 7 . Ali Taptik , Turkey , born 1983 Taptik , from Istanbul , is working on a Masters thesis on the history of architecture and taught himself photography . His series "  Accident and Fate " is a narrative on urban life , exploring relationships , places , people , emotions and coincidences . 8 . Navid Azimi Sajadi , Iran , born 1982 Sajadi , who describes himself as an iconoclast , works through painting , photography , installation and sculpture . He uses symbols from his Iranian heritage as well as Middle Eastern stereotypes shown in Western media . 9 . Rhea Karam , Lebanon , born 1982 Rhea Karam was born in Beirut , grew up in France and is now based in New York , where she graduated from the International Center of Photography . She has exhibited internationally and won awards including the Best of Show at the 2011 Colorado Photographic Arts Center juried exhibition . 10 . Lamya Gargash , United Arab Emirates , born 1982 Gargash 's photographs document the forgotten public and private spaces in Emirati society and capture the notion of hospitality and the politics of interior design . As well as taking part in numerous photography exhibitions , Gargash has won awards for her film-making . Gargash was the featured artist at the inaugural UAE Pavilion of the Venice Biennale in 2009 . Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer @SchamsCNN and writer Catriona Davies @catrionadavies	Ayyam Gallery in Dubai has run 13 Young Collectors ' Auctions since 2008 Ten of the artists at the latest auction were aged 30 or under Many of the young emerging artists are photographers
CNN  -- Australian police arrested a 23-year-old man in Melbourne on Tuesday on suspicion of funding a U.S. citizen who went to fight in Syria . The Australian investigation was sparked by a tip-off from the FBI earlier this year , a police statement said . The man , who has not been named , is accused of providing about $ 12,000 to what he knew to be a terrorist organization . His arrest , in a joint operation by the Australian Federal Police and Melbourne Joint Counter Terrorism Team , came after searches at seven addresses in Melbourne suburbs . Police said there was no known link to an incident last week in which a teenage terror suspect , Numan Haider , was shot dead outside a police station in Endeavour Hills , Melbourne , after he stabbed two police officers . There was also no intelligence to suggest that the man arrested Tuesday in the Seabrook suburb was involved in planning a terror attack or that there was any risk to the community , police said . National Manager Counter Terrorism Neil Gaughan , of the Australian Federal Police , said the operation showed law enforcement was actively investigating all aspects of terrorism . "  We are acutely aware that to participate in overseas fighting , funds are required . In this case we will allege that the man was funding someone from the US . However who is being funded makes no difference , " Gaughan said . "  Providing funding is equally criminal as actually traveling to participate and we will use all our resources to cut off the supply of funds to terrorists . " The suspect was due to appear before Melbourne Magistrates Court on Tuesday . Australian PM : Public execution terror plot foiled Terror threat level Last week , the government introduced a new bill in parliament to imprison Australians found to be fighting abroad , or supporting terrorist actions . Formally called the "  Counter-Terrorism Legislation Amendment  Foreign Fighters  Bill , the legislation includes new offenses for visiting countries on a no-go list issued by the government , without good reason . Civil liberty advocates have criticized the speed at which the new legislation has been introduced , calling for the Australian public and members of parliament to be given more time -- two months -- to have their say on the bill . On September 12 , Australia lifted its terror threat level from "  medium " to "  high , " although at the time Prime Minister Tony Abbott said no specific threats had been made . A reading of "  high " means a terrorist attack is considered "  likely . " Days later , more than 800 officers raided 15 homes and businesses across Sydney after investigations suggested suspects were planning "  a random attack on individuals , " police said in a statement . Authorities claimed to have foiled plans to kidnap a member of the public , behead the victim and drape the body in an ISIS flag . Lone wolf ? Australian police shoot dead teen ` terror suspect ' Home-grown terrorism fears Authorities believe around 60 Australians are fighting in the conflict in Syria and Iraq , with around 100 more working in support roles within Australia . Officials have in the past expressed fears about "  home-grown terrorism , " the likelihood that Australians recruited to fight foreign wars could bring their training and philosophies home to carry out local attacks . It 's believed that about 20 fighters have already returned to Australia . Australia is backing the U.S.-led campaign of airstrikes on ISIS targets in Syria and Iraq with personnel and aircraft . CNN 's Hilary Whiteman and Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	The 23-year-old suspect is accused of funding a U.S. man who went to fight in Syria Australian police say they investigated after a tip-off from the FBI The suspect is accused of providing about $ 12,000 to a terror organization Police : No known link to an incident in which a teenage terror suspect was shot dead
Washington  CNN  At least three conservative critics of House Speaker John Boehner , say they 'll be voting for somebody else when lawmakers return to Washington next week to officially open the new GOP-dominated Congress , previewing some of the conservative opposition that will greet the Ohio Republican . Rep. Ted Yoho was the latest to publicly announce his decision not to support Boehner for his current position , making the news on his social media accounts Saturday night . On Friday , Rep. Jim Bridenstine pointed to Boehner 's moves in December to advance a measure favored by President Barack Obama to fund the government for the next 10 months . "  Speaker Boehner went too far when he teamed with Obama to advance this legislation . He relinquished the power of the purse , and with it he lost my vote , " Bridenstine said in a statement . Rep. Thomas Massie said Saturday he too would not support Boehner and said he opposed the way Boehner steered legislation the House floor , in some instances without a full 72 hours for lawmakers to read enormous bills . "  During my first two years as a congressman I discovered a significant source of the dysfunction . I watched the House Leadership , " said Massie in a statement . Massie and Bridenstine are unlikely to be the only Republican to vote against Boehner for speaker . In a local radio interview first noted nationally by BuzzFeed , Rep. Walter Jones  R-N.C .  said he 'd been talking with 16 to 18 conservatives about identifying an alternative candidate for speaker and rallying around that person . RELATED : Scalise brings back Boehner 's familiar right flank hangover A freshman Alabama Republican , Gary Palmer , said in October that he 'd told Boehner personally that he would n't be voting for him for speaker . "  I told him that if the first thing that I did when I got up there is violate my word to the voters , and break that trust , not only would I lose that confidence , but , immediately in the back of his head , he would be wondering at what point would I break my word to him , " Palmer told The Birmingham News . Dropping a few of his own party 's votes in the speaker 's race is n't new for Boehner . When the last Congress kicked off in 2013 , there were nine Republicans -- including Bridenstine -- who voted against Boehner , and three others who did n't vote for a candidate for speaker . Most of them had complained that Boehner is n't enough of a hard-liner . Indeed , in Bridenstine 's note Friday , he said "  our Constitution is under assault " because Republicans have n't fought strongly enough against Obama 's moves to curb some deportations , restrict environmentally-harmful emissions , shift prisoners out of the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba detention facility and strike a deal to ease relations with Cuba . The wake of November 's massive midterm victories for Republicans , Bridenstine said , was the best opportunity Republicans had to use their funding authority to rein Obama in . "  It seemed Democrats were melting down , Republicans were unified , and all we had to do was buy enough time to get our Republican reinforcements to Washington in January , " he said . The position that Boehner should be ousted has backing from Republican voters . Sixty percent said they 'd pick someone new over Boehner for speaker , according to a survey commissioned by The People 's Poll , conducted by Caddell Associates and released this week . Still , it 's not clear that there are enough Republicans willing to reject Boehner to throw the vote for speaker into a second round . The GOP holds 247 seats in the House , and Boehner will need a simple majority of 218 to be elected speaker . That means he can afford to lose 29 votes from Republicans -- assuming no Democrats support him . If 30 or more Republicans do oppose Boehner , that would mean another round of voting , with conservatives hoping Boehner would drop out of the running and Boehner 's allies likely heaping immense pressure on the hold-outs . CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report	Rep. Ted Yoho is the latest GOP House member to say he wo n't back John Boehner for speaker Other conservatives are expected to oppose Boehner , too -- just as they did in the 2013 speaker 's election Boehner can afford to lose up to 29 Republicans and still win another two years in the post
CNN  -- For nearly 20 years Jennifer Schuett has held onto every memory of the night she was abducted from her bedroom , raped and left for dead . Jennifer Schuett remembers small details of the night she was abducted , raped and her throat slashed at age 8 . It was August 10 , 1990 . Schuett was 8 years old and lived alone with her mother in the first floor of an apartment complex in Dickinson , Texas . The bedroom windows faced the parking lot . Investigators were never able to identify a suspect , but new DNA testing may change that . CNN normally does not identify victims of sexual assaults . But Schuett wants to go public with her story -- and her name -- to increase the chances of finding and prosecuting her attacker . "  It 's not about me anymore , " she explained . "  It 's about all the little girls that go to sleep at night . I know there are so many girls out there who have been raped and hurt . You have to fight back . " For that , Schuett , 27 , is relying on her voice , her memory and advances in DNA testing . "  I remember everything ; I 've always wanted to remember everything , so I can find the person that did this , " Schuett told CNN during a phone interview . "  If I had blocked this out of my memory , the investigation would n't have come this far . I 'm a fighter . " Schuett says she was alone in her bed when a man came creeping in through the window . She remembers waking up in a stranger 's arms as he carried her across a dark parking lot . "  When I opened my eyes , his face was the first thing I saw and he covered my face and mouth , " she said . "  He ran with me to his car . He told me he was an undercover cop and that he knew my family . He seemed calm -- not nervous , not aggressive . " After they left the parking lot , he drove her through the streets of Dickinson , Texas , pulling into a mechanic shop next to her elementary school . "  Watch the moon . The moon will change colors and that is when your mom will come to get you , " she recalled him saying . "  Oh , it looks like she is not coming . " Schuett said he drove her to an overgrown field next to the school and raped her . "  He had a knife to my throat and touched my face and offered me Reese 's pieces , " she said . "  I was scared but I knew I could n't be fast enough to get away . Cars would drive by but I could n't get away to get help . " She believes she passed out . "  I woke up to him dragging me by my ankles , " she said . "  I felt thorns ripping the skin off my back . I would see him turn to look at me and I would play dead . " She passed out again , and awoke at daybreak . "  I remember feeling dew around me and I could n't figure out why when I screamed I could n't hear myself , " said Schuett . She lay naked on top of an ant hill with her throat slashed from ear to ear , and her voice box torn . Much later , she said , "  I heard children playing hide and seek . That is when one of the kids tripped over my foot , " said Schuett . She was found at 6 p.m. on a hot August day . She had been lying in the field for nearly 12 hours . She was rushed to the hospital in critical condition . "  Three days after the attack , I started giving a description . The doctors told me I would never be able to talk again , but I proved them all wrong , " said Schuett . She believes she got her voice back so she could tell her story . "  I never wanted to play the victim role . I wanted to be a strong survivor , " she said . But the attack left its mark . "  For the first two years , I had nightmares and was scared , " she said . "  But I never wanted sympathy . ... If I had given up , he would have won , and I wanted to show him : ` You did n't win . ' " Shuettt said she is now "  on a manhunt . " Houston FBI Special Agent Richard Rennison is one of the lead investigators in the case , along with Dickinson police Detective Tim Cromie . Both men were discussing the case , when Rennison received a memo from the FBI 's Child Abduction Rapid Deployment  CARD  Team , saying they were looking for cold child abduction cases that could be retested for DNA evidence . The Schuett case was one of the cases selected . Rennison , who has 10 years of experience in child abduction cases , said he has never seen a case like Schuett 's . "  This is the only one that I can think of that the victim has suffered some traumatic injuries and survived , " he said , "  The main reason the CARD team picked this case was because she was alive . In cases of child abduction it is rare that the child is recovered alive . Frequently you recover a body and most times you never find them . " Schuett is a living witness who can help put the pieces together . The investigators found evidence collected 19 years ago , which can be retested . It includes the underwear and pajamas Schuett was wearing , as well as a man 's underwear and T-shirt , which were found in the field where Schuett was left for dead . The clothes were tested in 1990 , but the sample was n't large enough for conclusive results . But now , modern techniques allow DNA to be isolated from a single human cell . Once they get back the DNA results -- "  any time now , " Schuett said -- they will run them through the FBI 's criminal database and see if they get a match . The FBI has also offered a $ 10,000 reward for information that could lead to a break in the case . And last weekend Schuett appeared in "  America 's Most Wanted , " which resulted in several leads from viewers who called in with information . "  Someone might remember something about that night , " Schuett said . "  Dickinson is a really small community . Everybody knows everybody . I know someone in town knows something . "	Jennifer Schuett was grabbed from her bedroom and attacked at age 8 She was raped , her throat was slashed and she was left for dead She is publicly talking about the attack in an attempt to catch the man The FBI is investigating and advanced DNA tests are due back any day
LONDON , England  CNN  -- He 's the butt-kicking , karate-chopping , kung fu superstar who rose from nowhere to conquer Hollywood in a spectacularly visual style . Action star Jackie Chan celebrates winning Best Actor at the 25th China Golden Rooster in 2005 With his compact but wiry 5-foot , 9-inch frame , Jackie Chan seems to pale into insignificance when compared with muscle-bound Hollywood tough guys such as Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jean-Claude Van Damme . But combining extraordinary athleticism and an acrobatic style , Chan could probably take them both on in a fight and emerge victorious . Best known to western audiences as star of the Rush Hour trilogy , Chan is a prolific actor who has made more than 100 films spanning three decades . But success did not come easy for Chan , who made a string of flops in the early 1970s in Asia . He struggled for years to break out of the shadow of Bruce Lee , the undisputed kung fu king of the time -- even appearing as a stuntman in two of Lee 's films . But in 1978 , Chan landed his first hit in Asia with "  Snake in the Eagle 's Shadow . " This was quickly followed by "  Drunken Master , " which catapulted him to fame , and he suddenly became one of the highest-paid actors in the industry . Chan is credited with creating a new film art form , with his comedic take on martial arts , reminiscent of Buster Keaton 's slapstick style . "  He totally reinvented Hong Kong cinema , " said Renee Witterstaetter , author of "  Dying For Action : The Life and Films of Jackie Chan . " "  He created a new film art form , mixing humor with martial arts , " Witterstaetter said . "  It was so different and unique . " Watch TalkAsia 's exclusive interview inside Jackie Chan 's den " Although a household name in his native Hong Kong and most of Asia , Hollywood seemed largely oblivious to his talents . It was not until 1994 when he made "  Rumble in the Bronx , " which grossed $ 10 million in its opening weekend and made it to number one at the U.S. box office , that Chan finally cracked Hollywood . Soon big-budget hits such as the "  Rush Hour " series and "  Shanghai Noon , " followed . "  Rush Hour " was Chan 's first movie to break $ 100 million at the U.S. box office , earning $ 141 million , according to the box office tracking Web site , Box Office Mojo . "  Rush Hour 2 " made $ 226 million and "  Rush Hour 3 " has earned $ 137 million so far . His current cinematic venture sees him paired with longtime friend Jet Li in "  The Forbidden Kingdom " in their first movie collaboration . Set in a mythic , ancient China , it is described as "  The Wizard of Oz with lots of martial arts . " The martial arts dream team have already seen "  Kingdom " debut at No. 1 with $ 20.9 million in ticket sales last weekend , but Chan says the reason it took him so long to work with Jet Li is because he did n't like the Hollywood scripts they were initially offered . Chan , 54 , is also quite candid about the fact that he does n't like most of the Hollywood films he has made . He revealed to CNN : "  I did n't really like ` Rush Hour . ' In America , everyone likes ` Rush Hour , ' but in Asia nobody likes it . "  They like talking too much in America but in Asia they like to fight more in the films . " After the film wrapped in 1998 , he wrote on his Web site : "  When we finished filming , I was very disappointed because it was a movie I did n't appreciate and I did not like the action scenes involved . "  I felt the style of action was too Americanized and I did n't understand the American humor . " Chan has certainly come a long way from his impoverished childhood in Hong Kong , where the story has it that his parents were so poor , they nearly sold him to a British doctor for less than $ 100 . However , his parents instead enrolled him at the China Drama Academy , a talent school of hard knocks with a draconian regime that included training in music , acrobatics and martial arts that lasted 18 hours a day . Beatings were commonplace . Children were made to perform headstands for hours on end and Chan describes being forced to run , arms outstretched , carrying two full cups of water , with strict instructions not to spill a drop . With his parents now living in Australia , Chan stayed at the school for ten years and was adopted by his Master . Undoubtedly , the academy 's grueling regime would later stand Chan in good stead , turning him into an incredibly driven and disciplined stuntman turned actor , who always choreographs and performs his own stunts . As a consequence , no insurance company will underwrite Chan 's productions , which are legendary for his death-defying super stunts . They include water-skiing barefoot behind a speeding hovercraft , jumping off a building and swinging from a hot air balloon . Chan holds the Guinness World Record for "  Most Stunts By A Living Actor . " He also holds the record for the most number of takes for a single shot in a film , having shot over 2900 retakes for a complex scene involving a badminton game in "  Dragon Lord . " Unsurprisingly , Chan has suffered a litany of injuries in the course of his film career . Over the years , he has dislocated his pelvis and broken his fingers , toes , nose , both cheekbones , hips , sternum , neck and ribs on numerous occasions . When filming "  Police Story " in 1985 , he suffered second-degree burns to his hands and palms after sliding 100 feet down a pole festooned in Christmas lights . Many of the injuries have appeared , in eye-watering viewing , as outtakes or bloopers during the closing credits of his films . But in 1986 , he came close to death while filming "  Armor of God , " when he fell 45 feet from a tree and fractured his skull , leaving a permanent hole in his head . Chan explained to CNN 's TalkAsia host , Anjali Rao that he never insists on doing his own stunts . It 's just the way things are done in Hong Kong . "  Making a film in Hong Kong in the old days was not like Hollywood , " he says . "  We did n't have protection like elbow pads and we did n't have the knowledge about safety . I had to risk my life jumping from building to building . " Chan is a one-man movie-making machine . He has his own production and distribution company -- Jackie Chan Emperor Movies -- and controls all aspects of the movie-making process , from casting to directing , producing , screenwriting , choreographing and stunt coordinating . He even has his own stunt team and casting agency . His director on the Rush Hour series , Brett Ratner told CNN 's The Screening Room that Chan 's versatility gives him the edge over other martial arts stars like Bruce Lee and Jet Li . "  Jackie is the most gifted actor of the three because he has the most range . Bruce Lee is a legendary performer and martial artist , but I do n't think he is as funny as Jackie Chan . "  Jackie can be funny , he can be dramatic , he can do the action and the stunts , he can direct , edit , shoot . He is also a stunt coordinator so he is everything wrapped into one . " E-mail to a friend	Action star Jackie Chan is famed for combining humor with martial arts His new film "  The Forbidden Kingdom " is first pairing with kung fu star Jet Li Chan holds the Guinness World Record for "  Most Stunts By A Living Actor " He has suffered a litany of horror injuries over his 30-year movie career
CNN  -- The disclosure Saturday by Japanese authorities that milk and spinach have shown higher-than-normal levels of radiation contamination has raised concerns about food safety and supplies in one of Japan 's most heavily populated regions . Tainted milk was found 30 kilometers  18 1/2 miles  from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant and spinach was collected as far as 100 kilometers  65 miles  to the south , almost halfway to Tokyo . The plant was badly damaged after a 9.0 earthquake and subsequent tsunami hit the coast on March 11 . But Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano stressed to reporters Saturday afternoon that the levels were not extremely high : A person who consumed these products continuously for a year , he said , would take in the same amount of radiation as that of a single CT scan . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said that equates to 7 millisieverts , more than double the 3 millisieverts that a person in an industrialized country is typically exposed to in a year . Health effects would become more evident , he said , if such products were taken in daily for a lifetime . Edano said high radiation levels were not systemic for all spinach and milk tested , and that more data would be collected and analyzed under the Japanese health ministry 's watch to help determine what steps to take next . The Fukushima prefecture , or province , is just to the northeast of Tokyo . According to the prefecture 's website , Fukushima plays an important role in supplying food , not only to Tokyo , but also to the nation . The prefecture is Japan 's fourth-largest farmland area and ranks among the top producer of fruits , vegetables , rice , tobacco and raw silk . The favorable climate lends itself to an active agricultural industry that includes livestock farming . The website also states that the prefecture 's 159 kilometer-long coastline is home to a thriving fishing and seafood processing industry , and the area 's haul of fish is among Japan 's largest . Neighboring Ibaraki prefecture supplies Tokyo with a significant amount of fruits and vegetables . Ibaraki is the largest producer of Andes melons in Japan , according to the prefecture 's website , as well as the country 's third-largest producer of pork . The impact on rice production in the area is also a source of concern . Rice is Japan 's largest crop . Rice paddies account for 55 % of Japan 's farmland , and about 85 % of the 2.3 million farms in Japan plant rice annually . While the value of the rice industry relative to the national economy has declined in recent years , rice production is culturally significant and an important part of Japanese heritage . Fukushima prefecture contributed 4.5 % of Japan 's total rice production in 2010 . Ibaraki prefecture is the country 's second-largest producer of Koshihikari , a gourmet variety of rice . According to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , Japan 's rice-growing season starts in April  depending on the region  and this year 's crop could remain unaffected , depending on how much radiation is released and in which direction , as well as how long it takes to clear farmland of contaminated soil . Jim Walsh , CNN consultant and international security expert at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , warned that should a reactor suffer a meltdown and radiation reach ground water , the situation would be much worse , as it would be impossible to tell where the contamination starts and stops . So , how does food become contaminated ? According to the World Health Organization , the surface of foods like fruits and vegetables or animal feed can become radioactive by the deposit of radioactive materials falling on it from the air or through rainwater . Over time , radioactivity can also build up within food , as radionuclides are transferred through soil into crops or animals  and thereby tainting milk  , or into rivers , lakes and the sea , where fish and shellfish could take up the radionuclides . Radionuclides are elements in an unstable form that emit radiation . The severity of the risk depends on the radionuclide mix and the level of contaminant released . The health organization says packaged food is not susceptible to radiation contamination as long as the food is sealed . The organization warned that "  food contaminated with radioactive material will not appear spoiled , but consuming such food will increase the amount of radioactivity a person is exposed to and could increase the health risks associated with exposure . " It went on to recommend that people avoid consumption of locally produced vegetables and milk , as well as fishing , hunting and slaughtering animals . As of right now , Japan appears to have adequate stockpiles of staples such as rice , but getting food to some of the hardest-hit regions is proving difficult . If current radiation levels hold , the farming community , while affected , could be spared . With the situation being so fluid , however , it 's impossible to tell what impact this disaster will have on an already devastated population .	The Fukushima province is the top producer of fruits , vegetables , rice Its fish haul is among Japan 's largest Contaminated milk , spinach found so far
Washington  CNN  -- Republicans are spending the final weekend of campaigning before Tuesday 's election sizing up the possibility of their first Senate majority in nearly a decade , but with key races still too close to call . Latest polls show some critical Senate races tightening , guaranteeing a night of drama and suspense on Tuesday , as Republicans strive for a net gain of six seats to capture the chamber . A GOP victory would give the party complete control on Capitol Hill and the ability to constrain President Barack Obama 's final two years in office . But the best the GOP can hope for is a slim majority , which would do little to end the era of gridlock and partisan division that has stifled Washington for years and contributed to an ugly public mood ahead of the election . Even if they win on Tuesday , there is no scenario in which Republicans will gain enough senators to build a 60 seat super-majority that is needed to move major legislation in a deeply partisan Congress . Some races are so tight that turnout will be crucial . In Iowa , a CNN/ORC International poll had Republican Joni Ernst up by two points as she tries to grab a Senate seat held by the retiring Tom Harkin for nearly 30 years . In North Carolina , Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan is clinging to a two-point margin in a state that leans Republican in another CNN survey . In Kentucky , Sen. Mitch McConnell , the man in line to cap a long career on Capitol Hill by becoming Senate majority leader if Republicans win on Tuesday , appears to have opened a small gap over his Democratic challenger Alison Lundergan Grimes . The GOP has a solid grip on the House and Republicans are expected to easily win Senate races in South Dakota , Montana and West Virginia . Other battlegrounds are in Alaska , Arkansas , Louisiana , New Hampshire , Georgia and Colorado . Top party surrogates and potential 2016 presidential candidates were fanning out in battleground states with three days to go . Hillary Clinton appeared with Grimes in Kentucky , and pleaded with voters not to heed "  fear " tactics from Republicans she called the "  guardians of gridlock . " "  Do n't wake up the day after the election wishing you had done just a little more , " Clinton told Grimes supporters . On Sunday , Clinton will take her turnout machine to New Hampshire to support Sen. Jeanne Shaheen who is in a surprisingly close tussle with challenger Scott Brown . Her husband , Bill Clinton meanwhile tried to give Democrat Bruce Braley a boost in Iowa on Saturday . New Jersey Governor Chris Christie was headlining a rally in Ohio for Republican Governor John Kasich , who is seeking re-election . Obama , who has been a drag on Democratic candidates , was nevertheless headed to Michigan on Saturday to campaign for Senate candidate Gary Peters and Representative Mark Schauer . Georgia will meanwhile on Sunday hold the final debate before election day of a compelling race between Michelle Nunn and Republican David Perdue , in which Democrats are hopeful of pulling off a shock win . Two Senate races , in Louisiana and Georgia could trigger run-off elections , so it is possible the fate of the chamber will be in limbo for weeks .	Senate races tightening ahead of Tuesday 's election Best GOP can hope for is a slim majority Turnout will be critical for both parties
CNN  -- Each day , they live in fear . Sometimes it 's the fear of rockets dropping from the sky . Sometimes it 's violent fundamentalists taking over their cities . Sometimes it 's the barrel bombs stuffed with TNT and nails . Exactly what horror they face depends on which border they live within . Syria , Iraq , Gaza , Israel and Libya . Each with its unique crisis , but all now unified in a heightened sense of anxiety as years of conflict come to a head . "  I would argue , " U.S. Sen. John McCain said this week , "  that given conditions in the Middle East , this might be more dangerous than any time in the past . " Here 's where the crises stand : SYRIA Al-Assad wins ... again With carnage mounting every day across the country , it 's hard to find reason to celebrate in Syria . And yet President Bashar al-Assad and his supporters find a way . On Wednesday , al-Assad was sworn in for his third term . It 's an outcome pretty much everyone expected -- not because he is popularly adored , but because his family has ruled Syria since 1971 . And no real contender ran against him . Three years of civil war have left much of the country in shambles . While regime helicopters drop barrel bombs on opposition neighborhoods , dissidents say , the government maintains its stance that it 's only fighting terrorists . As if the civil war was n't enough , the radical Sunni group Islamic State in Iraq in Syria is using this opportunity to carve its own swath of territory from the Iraq border to deep inside Syria . The United Nations says more than 150,000 people have been killed in the past three years . But at this point , many have stopped counting . "  No one is winning ; no one can win , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . "  Even if one side were to prevail in the short term , the devastating toll will have sown the seeds of future conflict . " Why we should care : For Americans thinking the Syrian crisis does n't hit home , think again . U.S. intelligence and law enforcement have dozens of investigations under way , tracking Americans who traveled to Syria to join the fight . "  The FBI and other members of the intelligence community have made this a top priority and are taking whatever steps they can under the law to monitor and prevent those coming back from doing us harm , " Assistant Attorney General John Carlin said . IRAQ Threat of fundamentalism looms This month was supposed mark Iraq 's first steps toward a new government . But it 's hard to tout political gains when ISIS militants keep barreling across the country , snatching entire cities and threatening to take over Baghdad . ISIS now controls land on both sides of the Iraq-Syria border -- opening the floodgates for weapons and fighters between the two countries . On Wednesday , Iraqi security forces had to withdraw from central Tikrit after fierce fighting with militants believed to be ISIS members . At least 52 Iraqi security forces were killed . Now , an unlikely pair of countries are coming to assist the embattled government -- the United States and Iran . While U.S. advisers are on the ground assisting security forces , Iraq is increasingly relying on Iranian-backed Shiite militias to stave off radical Sunni ISIS militants -- especially around the capital . Why we should care : Former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney said the crisis in Iraq now involves throngs of foreigners -- possibly including Americans . "  One of the problems you 've got now is a caliphate that includes part of Syria , part of Iraq , and you 've got literally thousands of jihadist wannabes flooding into that part of the world from Europe -- some of them probably from the United States -- who want to participate in that conflict , " Cheney told CNN 's Jake Tapper . "  It 's a threat to us , to the United States , not just to that part of the world . " LIBYA A free-for-all Nearly three years after Libyan rebels overthrew a longtime dictator , the country is no closer to lasting stability . The civil war that culminated in Moammar Gadhafi 's 2011 death has given way to warring militias fighting over Tripoli 's international airport . At least 90 % of the planes there have been damaged , and it would cost hundreds of millions of dollars to repair them , the government said . Maintenance buildings are destroyed . So are fuel tanks and trucks . Even the control tower has been hit . The chaos in the capital is so dire now that officials are considering asking for international troops -- even though the government is virtually powerless and has very little influence on what 's happening on the ground . Not only is government is weak , but militias actually outnumber and outgun its security forces . Why we should care : The U.S. State Department said the fighting could lead to widespread conflict . "  We affirm our support for Libya 's democratic transition and urge the seating of the new Council of Representatives as soon as possible , " the State Department said . "  We stress the vital role Libya 's Constitution Drafting Assembly plays in building the new country for which Libyans sacrificed so much during the revolution . " And of course the U.S. is still trying to figure out more details on the 2012 attack that killed four Americans at a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , including U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens . GAZA AND ISRAEL Retaliation and recrimination What was supposed to be a cease-fire between Israeli forces and Palestinian militant group Hamas this week now seems like a joke . Rockets fired by Hamas on Tuesday were quickly matched by airstrikes from Israel . And so the exchanges continue . Now , a leading member of Hamas says he 's not opposed to peace -- but says there needs to be more compromise . "  We hope we can achieve a cease-fire -- but a cease-fire which can protect the Palestinians and guarantee that there will be no violations , " Hamas spokesman Osama Hamdan said . Israel , which accepted a cease-fire proposal by Egypt , defended its decision to strike back against Hamas . "  Instead of having this door open to a diplomatic solution , they closed the door , " said Mark Regev , spokesman for the Israeli prime minister . "  We now have to , unfortunately , protect our people through military means . " While both rockets and rhetoric fly , Human Rights Watch said Israeli air attacks have been "  killing civilians in violation of the laws of war . " An Israeli military spokesman said civilian casualties in Gaza are "  a human tragedy " -- but that it 's Hamas ' fault . The military accuses Hamas of taking civilians hostage by using places like houses , hospitals and schools to hide weapons . More than 200 people have been killed in Gaza since the offensive started a week ago , Palestinian officials said . One Israeli has also died . Why we should care : Many credit Israel 's Iron Dome for saving untold lives on the Israeli side . In 2014 , the United States provided $ 235 million for Iron Dome research , development and production , according to the Congressional Research Service . Israel is also the biggest recipient of U.S. foreign aid , much of which has gone toward Israel 's military spending . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry say 's he 'll return to the region if a cease-fire does n't materialize . "  I am prepared to fly back to the region tomorrow , if I have to , or the next day , or the next , in order to pursue the prospects if this does n't work , " Kerry said . "  But they deserve , the Egyptians deserve the time and the space to be able to try to make this initiative work . " Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat put it bluntly : "  We need the United States . " "  Now the region is really boiling , " he said . "  Failure is not an option here . " CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Jim Sciutto , Arwa Damon , Hamdi Alkhshali , Barbara Starr and Polo Sandoval contributed to this report .	A series of unrelated crises are blending into a regional nightmare "  This might be more dangerous than any time in the past , " McCain says Syrian President Bashar al-Assad gets sworn in for a third term Wednesday
Garissa , Kenya  CNN  The Kenyan government says Mohamed Mohamud , also known by aliases Dulyadin and Gamadhere , is the mastermind of Thursday 's Kenya university terror attack , according to a tweet from the country 's Interior Ministry . Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia , took responsibility for the attack , according to the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi . Mohamud is "  credited with having an extensive terrorist network within Kenya , " according to a ministry document given to CNN . Earlier , the ministry posted a "  Most Wanted " notice for Mohamud . It offers a reward of 20 million Kenyan shillings , which is about $ 215,000 . "  We appeal to anyone with any info on #Gamadhere to share with relevant authorities and security agencies , " the Interior Ministry posted on Twitter . Mohamud is in charge of external operations against Kenya , the document says , and he is the regional commander within Al-Shabaab in charge of the Juba region . In this role , he commands the militia along the border and "  is responsible for cross-border incursions in the country . " His network extends within the Dadaab refugee camp , the document says . Dadaab is the world 's biggest refugee camp , home to thousands of people , according to the United Nations . It 's located in Kenya 's North Eastern province near Somalia . CNN Exclusive : Exposing smuggler routes across the Somalia-Kenya border Mohamud has claimed responsibility for several attacks in the past few years , including December 's quarry attack , which killed at least 36 people . In that attack , Al-Shabaab militants separated non-Muslim workers from their Muslim counterparts and killed them . Mohamud is Kenyan and has three wives and three siblings , including two with links to Al-Shabaab , the document says . Also Sunday , Kenya 's Interior Ministry identified another terrorist involved in the Garissa University College attack as Abdirahim Abdullahi . Abdullahi 's father , Abdullahi Daqare , a government chief in Mandera in northern Kenya , told CNN that his son was missing . Daqare is a Kenyan Somali , he said . His son graduated in 2013 from Nairobi University law school and worked for a bank for two months before he went missing , Daqare said in a phone interview . "  I have received reports from people who found information  on  the Internet that my son was one of the terrorists , " Daqare said . "  I previously told the government that the son is missing . I sought their help to find the whereabouts of my son . " He added that the two had not been in contact his the son disappeared . Daqare said he had "  really given up on him . " On Sunday , families of some of the more than 147 people slain at Garissa University College left a mortuary in Nairobi , Kenya , after identifying the bodies of their loved ones . One woman almost had to be carried out . "  Why ? Why ? Where are you , my children ? " she wailed . Across Garissa , there was a sense of fear , foreboding and grief . The news agency Reuters videotaped a man holding his daughter 's hand at a local church , as military patrols and security officials searched people . A church member told the agency , "  Nowhere is safe , but here in church you can come , you be with God and then you just console yourself . " Horrific stories of survival and tales of massive loss continue to emerge . To survive Al-Shabaab militants blazing through her dorm , shooting and killing classmates , 19-year-old Cynthia Cheroitich went into a closet , covering herself with clothes . Her two roommates hid under their beds . The gunmen called them out . "  The gunmen  told them if you do n't know to read to them in the Muslim word , whatever , and then you lie down , " Cheroitich told CNN . "  And then , if you know , you go to the other side . " The teenager did n't see what happened next . She heard it . "  They were shooting everywhere , " she said . "  I did n't want to open my eyes . " For the next two days , Cheroitich did n't budge . Unable to get to water , she hydrated by drinking body lotion . When police went into her room -- well after the carnage was done , with 147 dead at the school -- she did n't believe them . Only a visit by the head of the university convinced her that , finally , it was safe to come out . "  I was scared so much , " she recalled . Garissa is a town about 90 miles from the Somali border . Al-Shabaab is based in Somalia , but it has n't confined its terrorism to the lawless nation . In 2013 militants attacked Nairobi 's upscale Westgate Mall . Saturday , the terrorist group warned that more carnage is coming , as it promised "  another bloodbath " in Kenya . The threat drew a sharp response from Nathif Jama Adam , the governor of Garissa County . "  The fallacy and satanic mindset of Al-Shabaab is that in Somalia , they kill Muslims and Somalis , " Adam said . "  They cross the border here and then say they are killing non-Muslims . That is a tricky way of doing business . " He said the militants were "  bent on nothing but destruction " and aimed to sow division between Muslims and non-Muslims . "  But that is something we need to fight , " Adam said . Five arrested in Kenya attack Police in Garissa on Saturday paraded the bodies of men they said had carried out the attack . The corpses -- locked in a macabre embrace and partially wrapped in an orange tarp -- were piled on the back of a pickup truck and driven to a primary school soccer pitch for viewing . A large crowd gathered , despite the baking sun and foul stench . The truck drove up next to the onlookers , so that they could inspect the bodies . Anger seethed in the crowd . "  These gunmen , they killed innocent children . We want to burn these people , " one man told CNN . Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta also had some harsh words Saturday for Al-Shabaab , as well as those who supported them . In a nationally televised speech , Kenyatta said the nation 's fight against terrorism "  has been made all the more difficult by the fact that the planners and the financiers of this brutality are deeply embedded in our communities and were seen previously as ordinary , harmless people . " Kenyatta condemned "  corruption of the worst and most criminal kind  when  Kenyans ... finance , hide and recruit on behalf of Al-Shabaab . " "  There is no form of legal penalty , social shaming and godly condemnation that they do not deserve , to the fullest extent , " the President said . Describing Al-Shabaab as an "  existential threat to our republic , " Kenyatta urged his fellow Kenyans to "  tell those that believe a caliphate is possible in Kenya that we are one indivisible , sovereign and democratic state . " "  That fight will never change , " he added . "  Our forefathers bled and died for this nation . And we will do everything to defend our way of life . " Kenyatta declared three days of national mourning for the victims of the attack . Inside Garissa University College dorm 's scene of slaughter CNN 's Christian Purefoy reported from Garissa and Lillian and Florence Obondo reported from Kenya . CNN 's David McKenzie , Don Melvin , Jethro Mullen and Jessica King contributed to this report .	Government names Abdirahim Abdullahi as one attacker ; his father is a government official Kenyan government tweets that attack mastermind was Mohamed Mohamud Al-Shabaab threatens "  another bloodbath " in Kenya
CNN  -- The death of James Gandolfini , best known for his role as an anxiety-ridden mob boss on HBO 's "  The Sopranos , " on Wednesday affected many in Hollywood and beyond . Friends and colleagues tweeted and made statements after hearing news of the actor 's death . Appreciation : Gandolfini , a pure actor David Chase , creator of "  The Sopranos " "  He was a genius . Anyone who saw him even in the smallest of his performances knows that . He is one of the greatest actors of this or any time . A great deal of that genius resided in those sad eyes . I remember telling him many times , ` You do n't get it . You 're like Mozart " There would be silence at the other end of the phone . For Deborah and Michael and Liliana this is crushing . And it 's bad for the rest of the world . He was n't easy sometimes . But he was my partner , he was my brother in ways I ca n't explain and never will be able to explain . " Vincent Curatola , actor , "  The Sopranos " "  This is the loss of a glowing light , an instinctive actor and the type of person who you never got tired of talking to . Since 1998 , my work with him grew into a second skin . The words in our scenes together would change but the mutual respect would never change . " The band , Journey , whose signature song , "  Do n't Stop Believin " was played in the "  The Sopranos " finale "  It 's truly an honor to have been able to share one of the greatest moments ever in TV history with James Gandolfini . He was an amazing actor -- taken way too young -- and he 'll be missed . Our condolences go out to his family . " Mark Ruffalo , co-star in "  The Last Castle " and "  Where the Wild Things Are " "  Oh Jimmy . It 's a crying shame . You stormed in and out . Your voice like velvet granite . From a whisper to a shout . A comet of a man . So long . " Opinion : Gandolfini 's gift to television -- and America New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie "  It 's an awful shock . James Gandolfini was a fine actor , a Rutgers alum and a true Jersey guy . I was a huge fan of his and the character he played so authentically , Tony Soprano . I have gotten to know Jimmy and many of the other actors in the Sopranos cast and I can say that each of them are an individual New Jersey treasure . Mary Pat and I express our deepest sympathies to Mr. Gandolfini 's wife and children , and our prayers are with them at this terrible time . " Former CIA chief Leon Panetta , played by Gandolfini in the movie "  Zero Dark Thirty " "  James Gandolfini was a friend and a great actor . He wrote me after portraying me last year , which was a great thrill and honor . I told him I was glad an Italian played me -- swear words and all . We laughed together at the fact that tough guys can have a heart of gold . He did , and we will miss him . " Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff "  Yesterday , we lost a talented actor and advocate for our service members . Our thoughts and prayers are with the Gandolfini family . " Chef Mario Batali "  I am totally shocked and devastated by the passing of one of my oldest and dearest friends . I only hope to help his family any way I can in their grief and mourning . " Actor James Urbaniak @JamesUrbaniak "  I met Gandolfini once after he saw me in a play and his describing a gesture I did on stage is one of my most cherished compliments ever . " Actress Olivia Wilde @oliviawilde "  James Gandolfini was a kind , funny , wonderful guy . I 'm so lucky to have worked with him . Sending love to his family . Such a sad , sad day . " Matthew Warchus , director of the Broadway play "  God of Carnage " starring Gandolfini "  He was just so good at the emotion . A very passionate man and a very , very tender man ... I really loved him and admired him a great deal . " Chris Albrecht , current CEO of Starz and former HBO president who approved ` The Sopranos ' "  Jimmy was the spiritual core of our Sopranos family , and I am stunned at this devastating loss . He was a great talent , but an even better man . My thoughts are with his family . " Actor Denis O'Hare @denisohare "  So sad to hear about James Gandolfini -- a lovely man I had the pleasure of working with once . So funny . So humble . So talented . " Actor Jeff Daniels @Jeff_Daniels "  RIP James Gandolfini . A great friend . " Actress Melissa Gilbert @MelissaEGilbert "  I did a play with James Gandolfini 24 years ago in a basement under a bar in the west village . I 'm pretty sure it was one of his very first acting jobs . The year I was first elected SAG prez he threw me in the air at the awards party " Actress Tracey Fairaway @TraceyFairaway "  Found out my fellow cast mate James Gandolfini has died of a heart attack , , we just shot Nicole Holofcener 's new film , , I ca n't believe it #rip James Gandolfini u were a pleasure to know & such a kind , loving , fun guy u will be forever missed . xxox we love u always " Actor Riz Ahmed , of the upcoming HBO show "  Criminal Justice " with Gandolfini , via Facebook "  Oh my god . . RIP James Gandolfini . A generous , striving artist and man in his prime . A loss to our shared culture . Was set to work with him next year , feel privileged to have shared a little time with him on set . He laid on treats and shared his success with all he worked with . There would be a sushi chef when he was on set , he would pay for to treat people . He would hold out his contract til other people 's were improved . He was a man of the people , a working class hero , and a gentleman . Tony Soprano is the best screen performance of all time , no one else has sustained and shouldered such complexity for so long . Feel utterly shocked and saddened . " Actor Joseph Gannascoli , played Vito Spatafore on "  The Sopranos " "  Jimmy and I were not the closest of friends , but I am forever indebted to him . He came with his son and spoke at my wedding , came to my restaurant to meet fans sick as a dog in the rain and stayed for hours . He also said he would go in and talk to David Chase with me if I did n't want to play my role on the show . Just a humble and gifted actor and person . " Actor Steve Schirripa , played Bobby Baccalieri on "  The Sopranos " "  Jimmy was a dear friend and like a brother to me . He was a great actor and a great father . I will miss him terribly . I am very sad . " CNN iReporter Randy Robinson , an actor on the 2006 film "  Lonely Hearts " "  He was like a big funny bear . He spent some time having fun ... There was this old couch that he would toss everything and anyone off of and lay down for a much needed nap . Well , let me tell you -- he snored louder than a bear could growl . They actually had to wake him because the microphones would pick it up . " Actor and musician Steven Van Zandt @StevieVanZandt "  I have lost a brother and a best friend . The world has lost one of the greatest actors of all time . Maureen and I send our deepest sympathy and love to Deborah , Michael , Lily , and all of Jimmy 's family . Actress Maureen VanZandt , @MVZaGoGo , played Gabriella Dante on ` The Sopranos ' I loved James so much . He was a beautiful man and a genius . I was honored to breather the same air as him . I 'll love and remember him forever . Fan and CNN iReporter Melissa Fazli "  James is iconic . He will go down with such names as Robert Deniro , Al Pacino , Warren Beatty , Marlon Brando and Joe Pesci as the best mobster actors . His legacy as Tony Soprano will forever be in the history books . " Actress Lindsay Lohan , @lindsaylohan "  James Gandolfini was a dear friend and a great man . My heart goes out to his family . He will be greatly missed . " Comedian Damon Wayans @DamonkWayans James Gandolfini , I never met him , but I feel like I 've always known him ! He communicated subtext masterfully . RIP . Actor Kunal Nayyar @kunalnayyar Rest in Peace James Gandolfini . May your star shine brightly on wherever you may lie . Actor John Cusack @johncusack RIP James Gandolfini -- had the pleasure of working with him and knowing him a bit -- always a truth teller - gent and all around class act . Actor and comedian Dana Carvey @danacarvey In a thousand thousand years , humans will watch and be moved by James Gandolfini . Chris Carley , co-owner of Holsten 's "  He was such a nice guy when he was here . You know , down to earth and really friendly with all the help that was here , and you know , all the people outside waiting to see him , " he told CNN affiliate News 12 New Jersey . "  Just all around nice guy . " The last shoot of "  The Sopranos " was at Holsten 's Brookdale Confectionery . Actress Patricia Arquette @PattyArquette "  James Gandolfini was so talented . It is a loss not just for his colleagues but 4 those who appreciate good work . " Read : Best quotes from the mouth of Tony Soprano CNN 's KJ Matthews , Stephanie Kotuby , Mara Raphael and Douglas Hyde contributed to this report .	James Gandolfini 's death on Wednesday affected many in Hollywood and beyond Friends and colleagues mourned his passing in tweets and statements
Washington  CNN  -- House Democrats are taking a cue from Beyonce and targeting "  all the single ladies " in the hopes they can take over Republican held seats this November . Party officials recognize that Democrats ' chances of retaking control of the House are remote at best , but by zeroing-in on unmarried women , who helped propel President Barack Obama to his second term , they believe they can shrink the GOP majority . Democrats have recruited female candidates in many competitive districts , crafted a message about how the current Republican agenda impacts women and created a technology program designed to identify unmarried women and get them to the polls this fall . More than 60 % of the candidates included in the House Democrats ' "  red to blue " program - which funnels resources to top tier races - are women . Raising money , visiting the Veep Recently , these candidates visited Washington to raise money , meet with Vice President Joe Biden and huddle with top leaders to get campaign advice . Aimee Belgard , an attorney , mom , and local elected official who is running to replace GOP Rep. Jon Runyan from New Jersey , emphasized in an interview with CNN that she 'd be the first woman in a decade to be elected to the state 's congressional delegation , if she wins . "  As I 'm out talking to them , they are glad to see someone who understands the issues that they are talking about - whether it 's about the economy and their families , you know -- I can relate to that , " Belgard told CNN . Congressional sisterhood a powerful voice for the voiceless Iowa Democratic candidate Staci Appel , a former member of the State Assembly , touts her role pushing through Iowa 's first statewide equal pay bill in 2009 . She says Iowa has never elected a woman to a federal office , a fact she says she uses in her message to voters . "  You 're looking at a woman who is going to go out there and fight for you . So it gives you a strong reason to vote for somebody , " Appel told CNN . Democratic candidate Martha Robertson is facing New York Republican Rep. Tom Reed , and says she and other female candidates are an antidote to the dysfunction in Washington . "  We have bipartisan record of really getting things done . We have a guy who is just sitting in Washington just voting ` no ' on everything and people want to see some change . They 're tired of the fighting - we can make a difference , " Robertson said . Dems see an opening The results of the 2012 election show why Democrats believe they have an opening if they concentrate on single women . According to CNN 's exit polls , unmarried women were about one quarter of the electorate in 2012 , which was a record high . In that election , single women voted 68 % -31 % for Democrats over Republicans in congressional contests . Democrats admit they ca n't replicate that level in a non-presidential year , but they believe boosting turnout in several dozen districts can overtake the advantage Republicans traditionally have among married women . The House Democratic campaign arm is using the playbook developed by Virginia 's Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe in his victorious 2013 campaign . McAuliffe lost among men , but won the election because women supported him over the then-Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli by 9 points . Among unmarried women , the margin was more dramatic -- McAuliffe prevailed 67 % -25 % . The campaign committee created "  ROSIE , " a voter modeling program named after the iconic World War II "  Rosie the Riveter , " which they say stands for "  Reengaging Our Sisters in Elections . " This program culls data to identify unmarried voters , and then targets messages using email , paid mail and social media to motivate them to vote in November . The task to get these women motivated enough to go to the polls will be tough . Women building : GOP-led House to vote on women 's museum Seeking a narrative A poll released last month by Democracy Corps , a Democratic leaning group , projects a 20-point drop off in unmarried female voters from 2012 to 2014 . After seeing the impact of what happened in the 2010 midterm election when many women stayed home and Republicans gained the majority , Democratic candidates are talking about issues that hit unmarried women 's pocketbooks -- an increase in the minimum wage , an extension for jobless benefits and legislation promoting equal pay . Democrats do n't have the power in the House to move legislation on any of these items . But their campaign strategy includes turning losing battles on the House floor into a narrative to argue that House GOP members are ignoring issues that these women care about . "  As long as Republicans keep blocking equal pay for equal work , restricting women 's health choices and delaying the Violence Against Women Act , women will continue to run - and win - as Democrats , " House Democratic campaign chairman Steve Israel told CNN . But Missouri GOP Rep. Ann Wagner , who is helping with the House Republican effort dubbed "  Project Grow " to expand the party 's female ranks in the House , told CNN that unmarried and married women care about the same issue this year -- jobs . She predicted this fall female voters overall will line up with the Republican economic agenda that includes job training , education , fixing the problems with Obamacare , and creating more energy jobs . "  We 're doers and we want to get things done . We want solutions , and we think we have message that resonates with all women , " Wagner told CNN . As McAuliffe did in Virginia last year , House Democratic candidates are painting their Republican opponents with the broad brush of being right-wing ideologues that will endanger the priorities of women . Robertson said of Republican Rep. Reed , "  He 's completely tea party - he 's the most extreme in New York State on his labor votes , on his shutdown votes , it 's just across the board . " Even if this group of female candidates does get elected to the House they will likely enter Congress as members of the minority - and the least senior . But they do n't see that dynamic as a problem because they still believe they can have an impact serving their constituents . "  I think electing more women and more people who want come up here and get things done -- that is what makes a difference . We 're trying to change the environment . " Appel told CNN . Meet the woman who could turn Texas purple	Party officials recognize that Dem chances of retaking the House are remote at best But they 're recruiting women candidates in many competitive districts to win over some GOP seats Recently , these candidates visited Washington to raise money and meet with VP Joe Biden
Atlanta  CNN  A suburban Atlanta police officer is dead after an apparent ambush , while his colleague 's life was spared by his radio . Fulton County Police officer Terence Green , 48 , was killed Wednesday in Fairburn , Georgia . A second officer was shot in the hip , but suffered no injuries . "  It was actually his radio -- the bullet went through -- the radio saved him . It penetrated the radio , " said Fulton Police Chief Cassandra Jones . The incident occurred when police were searching a neighborhood after reports of gunfire from the home of Amanuel Menghesha , 42 . Menghesha allegedly fired at the officers without warning , authorities said . He "  appeared to have gone on a rampage , " said Fulton County Assistant Chief Gary Stiles , who described it as an "  ambush . " Police said the officers were shot with an "  assault style rifle . " Menghesha was then shot by other officers . Green was shot in the head and died at a local hospital . The suspect was transported to the same hospital , but his injuries do not appear to be life threatening . Charges are pending . The suspect was known to police , and had "  violent tendencies , " Jones said . Police say weather and poor visibility also played a factor . There was dense fog in the area at the time of the incident . "  This is a call that I pray every night , every day , 10 times a day that I never get . And when you get it , you 're not ready for it , but you have to lead and you have to go on because you have to stand there and be that strength for your officers , but it 's one that you just ca n't even imagine , " Jones said in a news conference . "  It 's like losing a child because they 're all my children . " Green , a 22 year veteran of the police force , is survived by his parents , brother and four sons . CNN 's Melanie Whitley contributed to this report	A second officer was shot in the hip , but suffered no injuries "  The bullet went through -- the radio saved him , " Fulton Police Chief Cassandra Jones says
CNN  With crews from around the world aiding in the search , 30 bodies have been recovered from the wreckage of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 , Indonesian officials said Friday . What appears to be a piece of the fuselage was found , Singapore 's Defense Ministry said . It resembles a window panel . Finding the fuselage and the plane 's "  black boxes " are a priority , Indonesia 's search and rescue agency said Friday . There are 59 teams of divers involved , the agency 's chief Bambang Sulistyo said , according to the state-run Antara news agency . The USS Sampson , the U.S. Navy ship that is helping with the search , recovered some of the bodies , the U.S. Seventh Fleet said Friday . Indonesian authorities have identified four of the recovered bodies so far . The first victim they identified , an Indonesian woman named Hayati Lutfiah Hamid , was buried Thursday . Many family members are waiting in Surabaya for news about their loved ones . But with 162 people on the plane when it took off from Surabaya , Indonesia , crews have a long way to go . Who was on the plane AirAsia CEO Tony Fernandes said he was traveling Friday to Surabaya to bring the body of flight attendant Khairunisa Haidar Fauzi home . "  I can not describe how I feel . There are no words , " he said on Twitter . The other two people identified are Grayson Herbert Linaksita and Kevin Alexander Soetjipto , Indonesian authorities said . Search efforts are concentrated in a zone covering 1,575 square nautical miles  5,400 square kilometers  that officials believe is the "  most probable area " to find the remains of the aircraft . But on Friday , waves in the Java Sea as high as four meters  13 feet  were making it hard for divers search underwater . The weather is "  the biggest obstacle , " said Bambang Hermanu , chief of police in Indonesia 's Central Kalimantan province , where much of the search operation is based . Anguish revisited : Relatives of MH370 victims speak Here 's more key information about where things stand on Flight QZ8501 : The flight What we know : The aircraft took off early Sunday from Surabaya , bound for Singapore . Roughly 35 minutes into the flight , the pilot asked air traffic control for permission to turn left and climb to avoid bad weather . Minutes later , the plane disappeared from air traffic control 's radar . What we do n't know : What happened on board after contact with the plane was lost . No distress call was received . Indonesian aviation authorities have suggested that the plane ascended despite permission being denied because of traffic . Some experts have speculated that the aircraft might have experienced an aerodynamic stall because of a lack of speed or from flying at too sharp an angle to get enough lift . Analysts have also suggested that the pilots might not have been getting information from onboard systems about the plane 's position , or that rain or hail from thunderstorms in the area could have damaged the engines . Until the main wreckage of the plane is found , along with the flight recorders , experts have little evidence to support their theories . How can a modern airliner vanish ? The search What we know : Search teams found debris and some bodies 100 to 200 kilometers  about 60 to 120 miles  from the aircraft 's last known location over the Java Sea , Indonesia 's search and rescue agency said . What we do n't know : The exact location of the body of the aircraft . An Indonesian search official told CNN on Wednesday that he thought sonar equipment had detected wreckage from Flight 8501 at the bottom of the Java Sea . But the country 's search and rescue chief said the plane had n't been found yet . Bad weather has hindered the search operation . The ones who missed the flight The investigation What we know : The key to understanding what happened may be in the aircraft 's cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder , commonly known as black boxes . The black boxes , which are actually orange , are in the tail of Airbus 320-200s . If recovered , they will be taken to a lab in Jakarta , Indonesia , to be analyzed , said Tatang Kurniadi , head of Indonesia 's National Committee for Transportation Safety . The batteries powering the "  pingers " that send acoustic signals have only about 24 days of power left , officials said . What we do n't know : Where the plane 's remains might have been taken by the elements . Investigators will need to use information gleaned from the flight recorders and clues from the wreckage . "  The more bits I can put into my mosaic , the better my picture will be , " aviation safety expert Michael Barr said . "  The better the picture , the better I can come up with an understanding of what happened . " But the conditions at sea make that work much more difficult than on land . "  In the water , you are working with currents and winds , and so the pieces wo n't be where they had the initial impact , " he said . What happens next ? The plane and the pilots What we know : The 6-year-old Airbus A320-200 , operated by AirAsia 's Indonesian affiliate , had accumulated around 23,000 flight hours in about 13,600 flights , according to Airbus . The plane 's last scheduled maintenance was on November 16 . Flight 8501 's veteran captain , Iriyanto , 53 , had 20,537 flying hours , 6,100 of them with AirAsia on the Airbus A320 , the airline said . The first officer , Remi Emmanuel Plesel , 46 , had 2,275 flying hours , a reasonable amount for his position . What we do n't know : Whether technical problems , human error or other issues were involved in the crash . According to information from the Aviation Safety Network accident database , there have been 54 incidents involving the A320 . "  In the A320 family , accidents and incidents range from fan-cowl detachment , landing gear collapse , bird strikes , right through to hull losses through pilot error , " said Kane Ray , an analyst with the International Bureau of Aviation , a global aviation consulting group . "  Most aircraft have teething problems , and in most cases , these are eradicated . Very rarely , these issues cause disasters -- largely because of a culmination of factors that lead to the event , " Ray said . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph , Tim Schwarz , Paula Hancocks and David Molko contributed to this report . Journalist Yosef Riadi and translator Edi Pangerapan also contributed .	Thirty bodies have been recovered , 4 identified The CEO of AirAsia will accompany the body of a flight attendant home What may be a Flight 8501 window panel has been found , a Singapore ministry says
President Barack Obama is sending about 100 U.S. troops to Africa to help hunt down the leaders of the notoriously violent Lord 's Resistance Army in and around Uganda . "  I have authorized a small number of combat-equipped U.S. forces to deploy to central Africa to provide assistance to regional forces that are working toward the removal of Joseph Kony from the battlefield , " Obama said in letter sent Friday to House Speaker John Boehner and Daniel Inouye , the president pro tempore of the Senate . Kony is the head of the Lord 's Resistance Army . U.S. military personnel advising regional forces working to target Kony and other senior leaders will not engage Kony 's forces "  unless necessary for self-defense , " Obama said . "  I believe that deploying these U.S. armed forces furthers U.S. national security interests and foreign policy and will be a significant contribution toward counter-LRA efforts in central Africa . " Obama noted that the group "  has murdered , raped , and kidnapped tens of thousands of men , women and children in central Africa " and "  continues to commit atrocities across the Central African Republic , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and South Sudan that have a disproportionate impact on regional security . " What is the Lord 's Resistance Army ? According to the State Department , "  since 2008 alone , the LRA has killed more than 2,400 people and abducted more than 3,400 . The United Nations estimates that over 380,000 people are displaced across the region because of LRA activity . " Obama said the United States since 2008 has backed regional military efforts to go after the Lord 's Resistance Army . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said that since that time the United States has provided more than $ 40 million in support . Efforts to combat the LRA , however , have been unsuccessful . In his letter , Obama cited the Lord 's Resistance Army Disarmament and Northern Uganda Recovery Act of 2009 . In that measure , Congress "  expressed support for increased , comprehensive U.S. efforts to help mitigate and eliminate the threat posed by the LRA to civilians and regional stability , " he said . "  I have directed this deployment , which is in the national security and foreign policy interests of the United States , pursuant to my constitutional authority to conduct U.S. foreign relations and as Commander in Chief and Chief Executive . I am making this report as part of my efforts to keep the Congress fully informed , consistent with the War Powers Resolution , " he said . "  I appreciate the support of the Congress in this action . " Obama said the initial team of U.S. military personnel "  with appropriate combat equipment " deployed to Uganda on Wednesday . Other forces deploying include "  a second combat-equipped team and associated headquarters , communications and logistics personnel . " "  Our forces will provide information , advice and assistance to select partner nation forces , " he said . "  Subject to the approval of each respective host nation , elements of these U.S. forces will deploy into Uganda , South Sudan , the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo . The support provided by U.S. forces will enhance regional efforts against the LRA . " The U.S. troops backing the operation "  are primarily comprised of Special Operations Forces , " according to the Pentagon . It said the United States has been helping Uganda and the other regional countries in their fight against the LRA since 2008 . The U.S. has provided logistical support , non-lethal equipment , training and intelligence assistance , as well as $ 33 million to Uganda 's People Defense Forces effort to counter the group . The Pentagon cited multiple examples of its assistance , such as sending equipment to Central African armed forces and training a Democratic Republic of Congo light infantry battalion deployed in that country 's northeast . It noted that U.S. Africa Command is "  exploring ways to support the military of South Sudan . " In early October 2010 , the U.S. military had more than 1,700 troops deployed in sub-Saharan Africa , the Pentagon said . The majority of them -- around 1,380 - were deployed in Djibouti . But U.S. troops had at least a small presence in 33 different nations in sub-Saharan Africa . At this time last year they had nine troops in Uganda . One conservative member of Congress , Sen. Jim Inhofe , R-Oklahoma , weighed in to support the effort . "  I applaud our nation 's military for making this a priority and taking the steps outlined in our legislation that will eventually protect the children and people from Joseph Kony 's reign of terror , " Inhofe said . "  I have witnessed firsthand the devastation caused by the LRA , and this will help end Kony 's heinous acts that have created a human rights crisis in Africa . We must work to bring justice to the children and victims in Uganda devastated by Kony and the LRA . I have been fervently involved in trying to prevent further abductions and murders of Ugandan children , and today 's action offers hope that the end of the LRA is in sight . " Kony claims he is a prophet sent from God to replace the Ugandan government with a democracy based on the Ten Commandments . The group has been "  notorious for kidnapping children and forcing them to become rebel fighters or concubines , " according to the website GlobalSecurity.org . The International Criminal Court has issued arrest warrants against Kony and four other group leaders for crimes against humanity and war crimes . Chief Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Campo said that the "  LRA is an involuntary army and the majority of the fighters are formerly abducted children . " Obama 's plan in dealing with the LRA calls for increasing "  protection of civilians , " apprehending or removing Kony and senior LRA commanders from the battlefield , promoting the "  defection , disarmament , demobilization and reintegration of remaining LRA fighters " and increasing "  humanitarian access . " Representatives of 34 groups in the LRA-affected areas of northern Congo , Central African Republic , and Southern Sudan wrote Obama in December , applauding his commitment to tackle the problem and urging him to deal with the group , according to Human Rights Watch . "  Each day that goes by without a solution to the problem of the LRA is another day of terror and pain for those of us living under constant threat of renewed attacks . Already , the LRA has brutally killed more than 2,300 of our family members and abducted over 3,000 others since they began their latest wave of killings in September 2008 , " the letter said . "  Many of our children are still in the hands of the LRA . We do not know if they are alive or dead . Those who have managed to escape the LRA bear the physical and mental scars of what they have suffered and will never be the same again . We have few means to help them readjust and integrate back into our communities , but we are trying to do what we can . " The letter cites massacres in 2008 and 2009 . "  During these attacks , our family members were killed in unimaginably savage ways : their heads crushed with clubs or machetes ; their faces disfigured ; and their genitals , mouths , ears , legs and arms cut off , for no reason other than to terrorize . "	Groups say that "  without a solution , " it is daily "  terror and pain " The United States is going after the head of the Lord 's Resistance Army The "  army " operates through central Africa A Republican senator supports the move
CNN  -- Sue Compton is having a pretty sweet day . She 's a newly minted millionaire , courtesy of her Pillsbury Bake-Off win , announced live Wednesday morning on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show . " Her original recipe for Mini Ice Cream Cookie Cups took top honors in the 44th annual contest . The winning baker said it was n't a stove-slaving process of trial and error for her . "  Just once and done . For real . It just came together and I 'm very lucky . " She sought inspiration from the list of potential ingredients required by Pillsbury -- eligible recipes must include two , in specified minimum quantities -- and wandered the aisles of her local market . "  The ideas came as a result of trying to combine ingredients I thought would taste good together , " she said . iReport : Share your bake sale memories and recipes Compton said she does n't anticipate getting tired of serving up her now-signature dish -- "  I like desserts a lot , and you do n't see people getting tired of cookies or ice cream " -- or making a foray into the professional baking arena . "  I do n't see living my life any differently . I 'd just like to put the money toward my retirement . " The Delanco , New Jersey , woman took the top prize by whisking past stiff competition like Evelyn Henderson 's Salmon Pecan-Crusted Tartlets , Kellie White 's Zesty Lime Fish Tacos and Niki Plourde 's Tomato Basil Eggs Alfredo in Bread Baskets . Contestants , who must be amateurs , have been tossing their toques into the ring since the Bake-Off 's inception in 1949 . That year , Theodora Smafield of Rockford , Illinois , took home $ 50,000 for her No-Knead Water-Rising Twists recipe -- a sum doubled from the advertised $ 25,000 pot by a promotional token that she 'd run across two months before . Though her initial win stirred a national obsession with the contest , it still took 44 years for a man -- Kurt Wait -- to rise to the top with a Macadamia Fudge Torte in 1996 . The finished dishes are judged on taste , appearance , creativity and consumer appeal . Here is the winning recipe for Mini Ice Cream Cookie Cups : Servings : Makes 24 tartlets Ingredients : • 1 package  16 ounces  Pillsbury Ready to Bake refrigerated sugar cookies  24 cookies • 4 teaspoons sugar • 1/3 cup finely chopped Fisher Chef 's Naturals walnuts • 1/2 cup Hershey 's semisweet chocolate baking chips • 1/4 cup Smucker 's Seedless Red Raspberry Jam • 1 1/2 cups vanilla bean ice cream , softened • 24 fresh raspberries Prep time : 20 minutes . Start to finish : 45 minutes Directions : Heat oven to 350 degrees . Spray 24 mini muffin cups with Crisco Original No-Stick Cooking Spray . Place a cookie dough round in each muffin cup . Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown . Place 2 teaspoons of the sugar in a small bowl . Dip the end of a wooden spoon handle in the sugar and carefully press into the center of each cookie to make a 1-inch-wide indentation . Cool completely in a pan for about 20 minutes . Meanwhile , in a small bowl , mix walnuts and remaining 2 teaspoons of sugar , then set aside . In a small microwaveable bowl , microwave chocolate chips uncovered on high for 30 to 60 seconds , stirring after 30 seconds , until smooth . Run a knife around the edges of the cups to loosen , and gently remove them from the pan . Dip the rim of each cup into the melted chocolate , then into the walnut mixture . Place the walnut side up on a cookie sheet with sides . In another small microwaveable bowl , microwave the jam uncovered on high for about 15 seconds until melted . Spoon a half-teaspoon of jam into each cup . Freeze cups for about five minutes or until the chocolate is set . Spoon the ice cream into the cups , using a small cookie scoop or measuring tablespoon . Top each cup with a fresh raspberry . Store in the freezer , then let stand at room temperature for five minutes before serving . Nutritional Information : In one serving , there are : Calories : 150  calories from fat : 70  ; total fat : 7 grams  saturated fat 2 1/2 grams , trans fat : 1 1/2 grams  ; cholesterol : 0 milligrams ; sodium : 60 milligrams ; total carbohydrates : 19 grams  dietary fiber : 0 grams , sugars : 12 grams  ; protein : 1 gram . Percentage daily values * are as follows : Vitamin A : 0 % ; vitamin C : 0 % ; calcium : 0 % ; iron : 2 % . * Percentage daily values are based on a 2,000-calorie diet .	Mini Ice Cream Cookie Cups creator is winner of Pillsbury Bake-Off Sue Compton whipped up a batch to win competition Recipe starts with Pillsbury Ready to Bake refrigerated sugar cookies Nuts , chocolate , jam , ice cream and fresh raspberries also are included
AOL Autos  -- The main "  ups " of buying a used car are the lower initial purchase price , as well as lower property taxes  where applicable  and insurance costs . The main "  downs " of buying a used car are that it 's a used car , not new -- so there 's no new car warranty and you are more vulnerable to used car problems that could cost you money , as well as aggravation . To reduce your risk of exposure when you buy a used car , there are a number of precautionary steps you can take when shopping for a used vehicle . These tips to buy a used car include : Shop for newer used cars that still have at least a portion of their original manufacturer 's warranty remaining : Most late model used cars have at least three-year/36 ,000 mile basic warranty coverage  and often longer "  powertrain " coverage on the engine and transmission  . This means you 'll get at least a year or so of peace of mind if you buy a used car that is less than three years old .  Important : Be sure to confirm the used car warranty is fully transferable . Check into Certified , Pre-Owned  CPO  vehicles : These are late model used cars and trucks that typically have less than 50,000 miles and have been given multipoint inspections -- with any needed service or upkeep taken care of before the used car is put on the lot . CPO programs are backed by the automakers  Ford , GM , Volvo , etc.  and the vehicles often include a no-cost extended warranty on major parts such as the engine and transmission . CPO used cars are usually clean and well-maintained -- the "  cream puffs " of the used car market . Do a "  background check " for indications that the particular used car make/model you are considering might be a problem car : One with an unusual record of either recalls or consumer complaints . You can find information about recalls and safety-related defects at the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 's Web site  www.nhtsa.dot.gov  , and information about consumer satisfaction at JD Power & Associates  see www.jdpower.com/cc/index.jsp  . Consumer Reports is another good place to poke around  go to www.consumerreports.org/main/home.jsp and click on "  autos "  . It 's also a very good idea to do a simple Google or Yahoo! Web search ; just type in the make and model of the vehicle and "  lemon . " You can bet if the car has a history of problems , there will be complaints all over the Internet . Screen your candidate -- the specific used car you are looking at : Even if the make/model has a great reputation for quality and reliability , that particular used car may not have been well-maintained -- even abused . Have a third-party mechanic  not one working for the dealer  look the used car over as a condition of sale . If the dealer refuses to permit this , you should consider yourself well warned -- and walk away . Ask to see the used cars ' service records : If these are available , it 's usually a good sign the car was well cared-for , and perhaps more importantly , proof  if the records are complete  that there were n't any unusual repairs or problems . If the used car records are not available , you should be suspicious . It does n't necessarily mean the used car is a bad car , but you have to wonder why the seller would not have kept such a strong selling point as evidence of proper upkeep and maintenance . In such a case , it is doubly important to have a mechanic you trust give the used car a thorough once-over before you commit to buy . Be sure it will pass both state safety and emissions tests  where applicable  : In most states , this is a legal requirement , but do n't assume it is . It can cost hundred of dollars  or more  to repair a used car that fails either state safety or vehicle emissions testing -- and in many cases , you ca n't legally register or drive that used car until it does pass . Lastly , jot down the Vehicle Identification Number  VIN  : Located on a stamped plate on the top of the used cars dashboard , and run a CARFAX Vehicle History report to check for used car deal-killers such as evidence of a prior accident , odometer fraud , manufacturer "  buy back "  a lemon  and so on . A CARFAX report costs less than $ 25 , and is well worth the expense . As far as specific recommendations , here 's a short list of some historically "  good bets " when it comes to buying used cars or trucks : I. Economy Cars : Toyota Corolla -- The gold standard of new economy cars is also , predictably , an excellent choice in a used car . In addition to a well-earned reputation for high quality and durability , Corollas are among the safest cars in this class -- and offer features such as antilock brakes and side-impact air bags  on newer models  . Corollas also hold their value exceptionally well -- to such an extent that a used Corolla you buy today for $ 6,000 will very likely still be worth four or five thousand dollars two to three years down the road . II . Luxury Sedans : Lexus LS400/LS430 -- New , these large rear-drive , V-8 powered luxury sedans cost tens of thousands less than an equivalent Mercedes-Benz , BMW or Jaguar . As used cars , they continue to perform flawlessly -- without giving their owners high blood pressure years after other luxury makes become expensive money pits . The LS series sedans are considered bulletproof -- and also have one of the lowest depreciation rates in the business . Acura RL -- A conservatively elegant large luxury car that , like the Lexus LS , enjoys a reputation for absolutely superb engineering and quality . Unlike the Lexus LS , however , the Acura RL is a front-wheel-drive luxury sedan -- so it offers better grip in the winter , if that 's a concern where you live . And it is powered by a V-6 engine rather than a large V-8 , so its appetite for gas is more agreeable . III . Large Family Cars : Ford Crown Victoria/Mercury Marquis -- These six-passenger sedans are hugely roomy and immensely rugged  one reason they 're favored as police cars/taxis/limos  and very safe -- consistent 5 Star performers in government/insurance industry crash testing . These are also the only late model sedans that offer standard V-8 power and rear-wheel-drive in a full-size chassis for the price of a V-6 powered , front-drive , midsize sedan . IV . Pickups : Nissan Frontier -- Tough , capable and exceptionally trouble-free small pickups , the Frontier offers both economical but tough 4-cylinder engines and more powerful V-6 engines . Look for used 4x4 models with manual locking hubs . Though it requires the driver to stop the vehicle , get out and manually engage the front hubs by rotating a knob in the center of each front wheel , these 4x4 systems tend to be more durable and problem-free in the long haul than the electronic/automatic hubs used on most new pickups . V. SUVs : Toyota 4Runner -- Considered by serious off-road drivers to be one of the best vehicles for this job  due to its agility , suspension and comparatively narrow body  , the 4Runner consistently scores well when it comes to long-term durability and used car resale value , too . VI . Minivans : Honda Odyssey -- Though pricey relative to other vans , the Odyssey is considered the benchmark vehicle in this class -- for features as well as overall design . Excellent used car resale value and top of its class occupant protection are additional reasons to consider an Odyssey . Toyota Sienna -- Another Toyota product that 's got an established track record for high quality and a low incidence of significant problems , defect or recalls . Siennas are offered in a variety of configurations , including models with full-time all-wheel-drive  AWD  .	Buy used cars with original manufacturer 's warranty remaining Look into Certified , Pre-Owned  CPO  vehicles with less than 50,000 miles Have a third-party mechanic look the used car Be sure the used car will pass state safety and emissions tests
CNN  -- Tech helped fuel Egypt 's revolution . Now it could put the country get on the path toward a more stable democracy . At least that 's the hope of Google , which is kicking off a program called Ebda2 -- Arabic for "  start " -- to fund and otherwise support emerging technology companies in Egypt . "  We believe technology will actually change the economics of this part of the world -- will change the culture of this part of the world -- and it will have a political impact , " said Wael Fakharany , Google 's country manager in Egypt . "  We believe it is absolutely the right time to give people hopes and dreams -- not to be rich and famous , but hopes and dreams to be helpful . " On Monday , Google employees plan to start a tour of Egypt in a bus that 's emblazoned with the Google logo . They 'll be searching for would-be tech entrepreneurs who might be interested in entering a 7-month competition for tech start-ups . The winner , which will be announced in May , will get a $ 200,000 prize from Google . Other finalists will have a chance to pitch their ideas in front of Silicon Valley investors at an event in Cairo , Fakharany said . "  Google is looking for the next Google in the Middle East , " said Maha Abouelenein , a Google spokeswoman . She added that Google was started by two entrepreneurs who got a check for $ 100,000 -- half the amount of the Egypt prize . This type of project -- where Google has invested in a start-up competition to support the tech industry of a particular country -- is a first for the Mountain View , California , company , she said . Google employees and Egyptian tech entrepreneurs will offer mentoring and advice to contestants along the way . Two independent organizations will administer the contest , in an effort to allow the start-ups to have a fair shot at the prize even if they build products using technology from Google 's competitors -- like Microsoft or Facebook . Hussein El-Sheikh , managing partner at ProSeed Advisory , a consulting group based in Cairo , Egypt , said he thinks the Google program will benefit young people in the country who want to start tech-focused businesses . "  I believe that very soon Egypt will become the tech hub , " he wrote in an e-mail . Much has been made of the role technology played in toppling the 30-year rule of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in a revolution that began on January 25 . Some protestors used Facebook events and Twitter status updates to organize their movement in a country where public demonstrations and organizations were formally banned by the state . In the wake of that successful revolution , some people again are looking to the tech sector to bolster the country 's transition to a more-open democracy and economy . Google believes it can support this transition . "  There is a negative sentiment , obviously , about Egypt  after the revolution  , " Fakharany said . "  We want to show people that in spite of the changes and the political turmoil that there is actually hope . There is light at the end of the tunnel . " But the company 's plans to invest in Egypt 's tech sector actually started in 2009 , before the revolution , said Fakharany . At that time , Egypt paid Google $ 10 million for advertisements designed to better position the country online as a tourist destination , he said . As part of that deal , Google agreed to invest $ 2.5 million in Egypt 's Internet infrastructure . The $ 200,000 contest for entrepreneurs is the first project that comes as part of that investment , Fakharany said .	A Google bus will travel Egypt looking for tech entrepreneurs The company is holding a year-long competition for tech start-ups The winner gets $ 200,000 from the Silicon Valley company Finalists get a chance to pitch ideas to start-up investors from the U.S.
