London  CNN  -- All former U.S. presidents , former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair and a raft of global dignitaries are invited to the funeral next Wednesday of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , Downing Street said Thursday . The guest list also includes representatives of the Reagan family , Nelson Mandela 's family and former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , alongside sitting British Prime Minister David Cameron . Any members of Thatcher 's Cabinet who are still alive and members of the current UK Cabinet , as well as opposition Labour leader Ed Miliband , will also be asked to attend , Cameron 's office said . Among those expected to come are F.W. de Klerk , the last apartheid-era president of South Africa , Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and one of his predecessors , Brian Mulroney . Buckingham Palace has already confirmed that Queen Elizabeth II and her husband , Prince Philip , will be present . With full military honors , the funeral will rival those given to Diana , Princess of Wales and the Queen Mother . More than 2,000 invitations -- color-coded to indicate where the guests are to sit -- are being sent out , Cameron 's office said . They are due to be mailed Friday . Details of the very formal dress code will be sent out with the invitations . St. Paul 's Cathedral holds 2,300 people and is expected to be full on the day , Cameron 's office said . Some friends of Thatcher have already said they will be absent . Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev is not planning to attend for health reasons , Vladimir Polyakov at the Gorbachev Foundation in Moscow told CNN . Nancy Reagan , the widow of former U.S. President Ronald Reagan , Thatcher 's great political friend and ally , is also unable to attend , a spokeswoman said . "  Mrs. Reagan is heartbroken over Baroness Thatcher 's death and would really like to be there in person to pay her respects . Unfortunately , she is no longer able to make that kind of a trip so will not be attending the funeral , " she said . Nancy Reagan has asked Fred Ryan , chairman of the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation and a longtime personal friend , to represent her at the service . Downing Street confirmed that the Argentine ambassador to London had been invited , as have other envoys , in line with protocol . No other Argentine representatives have been invited , however , meaning President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner will not be there . Fernandez has stepped up her rhetoric in recent months over the disputed Falkland Islands , known to Argentines as Las Malvinas . Thatcher waged a short , sharp war with Argentina over the Falklands in 1982 after Argentine forces invaded . The islands , which raise their own taxes but rely on the United Kingdom for defense and foreign policy , have been under British rule since 1833 . Thatcher , who led the Conservative Party from 1975 to 1990 and was prime minister for 11 years , died of a stroke Monday at age 87 . A towering figure in postwar British and global politics , she is remembered in the world for her Cold War-era friendships with Reagan and Gorbachev , as well as her role in shaping Britain 's place in Europe and her leadership during the Falklands War . She was on the wrong side of history when it came to South Africa , however , having opposed economic sanctions against the apartheid regime and described Mandela 's Africa National Congress as a terrorist organization . Mandela and de Klerk jointly won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 for their efforts to end apartheid . Security concerns Back at home , Thatcher was a highly polarizing figure in British politics . Police are stepping up security ahead of the funeral , amid concerns that protesters angered by Thatcher 's actions in office may take to the streets . Many Britons blame her for creating soaring unemployment , when she reduced or eliminated many government subsidies to businesses and took on unions . Her battle with striking coal miners won her few friends in mining communities in northern England and Wales . But supporters believe the tough reforms she pushed through transformed the British economy and gave many working people new freedoms . London 's Metropolitan Police , the City of London Police , who cover the city 's financial district , and the British Transport Police are working together "  to ensure that events that day pass off safely , " a statement said . Police officers will be deployed along the route , with other mobile groups ready to be deployed to any outbreaks of trouble , the Met Police said . The force has urged anyone planning protests to let police know ahead of time . "  There has been much speculation about what levels of protest may take place . I would ask anyone who wishes to demonstrate then , or in the coming days , to come and talk to us , " Commander Christine Jones said . "  The right to protest is one that must be upheld . However , we will work to do that whilst balancing the rights of those who wish to pay their respects and those who wish to travel about London as usual . " Police will implement a range of security measures in line with the current threat level , Jones said . London 's Evening Standard newspaper reported Wednesday that anarchists are planning to stage a mass "  party " Saturday in Trafalgar Square to celebrate Thatcher 's death . Ian Bone , founder of the Class War group , is quoted by the newspaper as saying thousands of anti-Thatcher protesters will gather from across the country for the event . They 'll include miners and steel workers scarred by her battle with the unions , he said . Trafalgar Square , in the heart of London , was the scene of violent rioting in 1990 against a hugely unpopular tax brought in by Thatcher . The so-called poll tax was levied on community residents rather than property . A post on what appears to be Bone 's blog also calls on people to attend the "  Class War Party " in Trafalgar Square . "  Best night out since the poll tax riot , " it promises . READ MORE : Thatcher 's legacy in focus as UK plans funeral READ MORE : UK lawmakers pay tribute to former PM Margaret Thatcher READ MORE : Why Margaret Thatcher was both icon and outcast CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro , Richard Allen Greene , Stella Chan and Arkady Irshenko contribute to this report .	More than 2,000 invitations to Margaret Thatcher 's funeral are being sent out Former U.S. presidents and Hillary Clinton are among those invited to the service Anarchists reportedly plan mass "  party " Saturday to celebrate Thatcher 's death Thatcher was widely admired on the global stage but is a highly polarizing figure in UK politics
CNN  -- Facebook is ramping up the fight against those annoying and potentially harmful scam attacks . The site is teaming up with Websense , a San Diego , California-based Internet security firm , to warn users when they 're about to leave Facebook for a site that might be trying to steal their personal data . Starting today , any link users click on Facebook will be checked against Websense 's database of sites that might contain malware or be used for "  phishing " of the user 's credit card or other personal information . If a site shows up on the list , a page will pop up warning users and asking them whether they 'd like to go back , get more information or proceed at their own risk . "  A platform as popular as Facebook is naturally a target for attackers , " Websense wrote on its blog . "  We have been working with Facebook and their security teams for a number of years in order to keep their users safe , but now we have integrated directly into the platform for an unprecedented security combination . " In a recent survey by Websense of 4,640 technology and security professionals , 52 percent said their businesses have experienced an increase in viruses and malware attacks because of employees ' use of social-media sites like Facebook and Twitter . Twenty-three percent said they had n't seen an increase , and 25 percent said they were n't sure . With a user base of some 800 million users , Facebook is fertile hunting ground for scammers and hackers . Often , users who click bad links will be infected with malware that causes them to , in turn , share the bad link with their friends . A common scammer technique is to post what appears to be an outrageous or racy link . When someone clicks the link , they are asked to enter their Facebook log-in information again to see the video or other post -- thus giving that info to the hackers . "  By providing real-time protection from malware , spyware , inappropriate content , data leaks , and spam , we make it safe for people and businesses to use the web , " said Websense chief technology officer Dan Hubbard . The announcement comes at the beginning of what 's being called National Cyber Security Awareness Month . Facebook will be participating in a cybersecurity event Friday in conjunction with government and business officials in Michigan .	Facebook adds security feature to warn users about clicking on harmful links Users will get a pop-up message when they try to access a site that may be hazardous WebSense says viruses have increased due to workplace social-media use Scammers post links on Facebook in an effort to steal users ' personal information
Health.com  -- You could envy Anna Paquin a lot of things . Starting with her rocking body , which is on full display one hot morning when the 28-year-old Academy Award -- winning actress shows up for our chat at a café in Venice , California , absolutely killing it in cutoff jeans shorts and a paper-thin white T-shirt . Then there 's her red-hot career -- her fourth season playing telepathic waitress Sookie on the HBO hit "  True Blood " debuts this month . And what about her recent marriage to hunky co-star Stephen Moyer ? But after our day with Anna , we long most for her amazing energy . This is a girl who likes her workouts hard , her coffee "  giant , " and admits that she does n't like to sit still . After Stephen drops her off and takes their two dogs to the park , Anna dishes about everything from the pressure to stay thin in Hollywood to whether she sees "  True Blood " kiddies in her future . Q : You started out acting and got an Oscar for "  The Piano " at such a young age . How did you turn out so , well , sane ? I have a really , really , really normal family . And by normal I mean we 're all nuts on some level . I think you 've got ta be a little nuts to pursue any kind of creative job . I was also a really good kid . I know that sounds really dull , but I did n't rebel in the traditional sense . Health.com : Secrets to a stress-free , happy , healthy family Q : In what areas of your life are you healthiest -- and less so ? Well , I could probably drink less coffee and drink more water . I try to eat well , but sometimes you can be a little too obsessive . It 's good to remember it 's actually not the be-all and end-all , and if you 're absolutely falling down with exhaustion , really , do you need to go to the gym ? I 'm very hard on myself . So I 'll be inclined to go until I hit a wall and collapse , or someone is like , "  Mmm , stop . " Contrary to what you believe , you are not actually superhuman . As I get older , I 'm learning to balance that stuff better . Not focus on one thing at the expense of everything else . Sometimes it 's like , walk away from the elliptical machine . Go sit outside . Do something relaxing . Because you 'll be in a better mood . Health.com : 7 steps to instant calm Q : Your character is a tough cookie . Were you already like that ? I 've always been a tough cookie . I just did n't do it in short shorts and a blonde ponytail . I mean , if you 're going to be spending literally every single day of your working life wearing clothes that barely cover your body , you 're gon na be extra-diligent . I 've always been pretty diligent . Just that , there 's just a little extra motivation of , "  Hmmm , teeny white shorts and a bikini top ? I think I will go to Pilates this morning . " Q : What do you love doing ? My favorite workout by far is boxing . It 's so much fun . You do a full proper boxing workout . You start jumping rope , and you do the pads , where your trainer calls out the combinations and you do them . Health.com : Punch off the pounds Q : Any other workouts you 're into ? I do The Bar Method . Then there 's also this place called Hot 8 Yoga , and they do -LSB- Yoga Barre -RSB- . It 's like The Bar Method , but it 's , like , 105 degrees . It 's psycho , but kind of awesome . You sort of want to die immediately . I generally have this , well , if I did n't leave sort of hating life a little , I did n't get my money 's worth . Q : What do you think of diets ? Are you a fan of them ? I think , generally , most people ca n't maintain anything that 's particularly strict for very long . I watch people trying and failing to do that a lot . Look , if you have something coming up like a vacation , and you want to look great and you 're doing it for a specific -LSB- reason -RSB- , or in my case , if they take your clothes away from you at work every couple of weeks . But I do n't know if it 's really right for your body to jump up and down weight-wise . Q : So when you have a shoot where they 're taking your clothes away , do you have a go-to method ? -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- You know , I feel it would be slightly irresponsible for me to discuss my crash-dieting methods ! You do what any normal person does when you realize you 're going to be on camera naked . But it does n't make me particularly pleasant to be around . Health.com : How to cheat on your diet -- and still lose weight Q : The grouch comes out ? It 's what we at work call "  hangry . " On set , lunch is usually six hours after crew call . But hair , makeup , wardrobe , and actors usually come in a few hours before crew call . So by the time lunch comes around , the girls get a little what we call "  hangry . " Most of the boys start stuffing their faces the second they get to work , and most of the girls are not really morning eaters of the , like , 5 a.m. variety . So by one , two in the afternoon ... a little hangry . Q : How do you know you 're at your happy weight ? I do n't know that there is such a thing . I think the numbers game gets a little treacherous . Q : Do you have a scale ? I do . Truthfully , I 'm usually happiest when I 'm not going anywhere near it . But you know what size your body is . And if you 're working out and have a lot of muscle , you 're going to weigh more . I feel good when I feel like I 'm really strong . And that 's not necessarily when I 'm at my numerically most gratifying weight . I think there 's also a really big difference between looking healthy and being healthy . People in this town have a weird tendency to say , if someone 's lost weight , "  Oh my God , you look amazing . " And you 're like , "  I just had my tonsils out and did n't eat for three weeks . " Literally , I had my tonsils out last year . You 're on a liquid diet so , of course , you lose weight . But it 's not healthy . Health.com : 25 shocking celebrity weight changes Q : You got married last August . How has marriage changed you ? It 's amazing . I highly recommend it . -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- And it should be legal for everyone . Q : The two of you obviously spend a lot of time together . Do you ever get sick of each other ? No . I miss him when he leaves . That 's nauseating , I know . My me-time requirements are quite small . Q : Do you think you 'll make little "  True Blood " kiddies ? Not yet , -LSB- but -RSB- of course . If , God , if I can . Absolutely . I love family . Health.com : A top doc reveals 8 fertility misconceptions Q : You juggle so much . When do you ever relax ? I take baths . I 'll bring my laptop and watch a DVD . Or , um , company in the bath . -LSB- Grins . -RSB- Also nice . Q : Do you have a favorite place in your house ? You know , I really like our bed . -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- I 'll leave it at that . Copyright Health Magazine 2010	Anna Paquin plays telepathic waitress Sookie on the HBO hit "  True Blood " Paquin says she could probably drink less coffee and drink more water I 'm usually happiest when I 'm nowhere near the scale , Paquin says
CNN  -- Tillakaratne Dilshan scored his sixth Test century of a remarkable year to give Sri Lanka a fine start to the third match of their series against India in Mumbai on Wednesday . Dilshan made 109 as Sri Lanka , seeking a win to level the series at 1-1 , closed on 366 for eight wickets on the opening day . All-rounder Angelo Mathews was closing on his first Test century with an unbeaten 86 on a wicket offering turn and bounce , but was rapidly running out of partners to the second new ball . India , who won the second Test in Kanpur last week by a crushing innings and 144 runs , will take over from South Africa as the top-ranked Test team in the world if they can win the series 2-0 . Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh claimed four victims and slow left-armer Pragyan Ojha two but Dilshan proved a formidable opponent . He continued his superb 2009 with 10 boundaries and two sixes to reach three figures for the 11th time in Tests . He made 112 in the high-scoring draw in the first Test in Ahmedabad . Dilshan put on 93 in 20 overs for the first wicket with Tharanga Paranavitana , who made 53 . before becoming Harbhajan 's first victim just before lunch . India claimed three wickets in the afternoon as Sri Lankan captain Kumar Sangakkara went cheaply with Mahela Jayawardene adding 59 for the third wicket before falling victim to paceman Shanthakumaran Sreesanth . Harbhajan had Thilan Samaraweera caught in the leg-trap for one just before the tea interval . Mathews and Dilshan put Sri Lanka back on top again in the final session with a 74 stand which was ended when the opener was given out caught at short-leg off Harbhajan , with TV replays indicating he was unlucky . Prasanna Jayawardene made 43 in a sixth-wicket stand of 67 with Mathews , but he Nuwan Kulasekara and Rangana Herath fell in quick succession as India hit back again .	Tillakaratne Dilshan scores sixth Test century of 2009 for Sri Lanka Opener helps his side to 366 for eight on first day against India in Mumbai Harbhajan Singh takes four wickets to lead Indian attack on helpful wicket
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Taliban has killed four members of an international landmine clearing agency working in western Afghanistan , an official with the group said Monday . "  The Taliban killed four demining staff of the Demining Agency for Afghanistan , including two team leaders , a paramedic and a section leader , " according to Mohammad Dawood Farahi , operation Manager of Demining Agency for Afghanistan . Thirty-one people working for the non-governmental agency were kidnapped in Farah province Wednesday . Twenty-seven people were set free , but given a warning . "  The released deminers were warned by the Taliban to not work for any domestic and foreign organization in the future , " Farahi said . Naqibullah Farahi , a spokesman for the governor of Farah province , had earlier confirmed the death of one member of the group . "  The Taliban killed a team leader of the DAFA in Shamalgah village of Farah city on Saturday , " he said . CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report	The four worked for an international landmine clearing group The Taliban releases the others with a warning The Taliban tells deminers not to work for any domestic or foreign organization in the future
Health.com  -- If you 've ever seen a brown haze of pollution hanging over your city , most likely your response was , "  Ugh . How can I avoid breathing that stuff ? " But let 's face it , even if you know it 's a bad air day , you probably need to grab some sunshine , get in an outdoor run , or get to work . Polluted air contains particulate matter , lead , ozone , nitrogen dioxide , carbon monoxide , and sulfur dioxide -- all of which can cause problems in people with allergies or asthma . Even if pollution is low , airborne pollen and mold can make a trip outdoors particularly daunting for people with respiratory conditions . How to tell if it 's a bad air day The first step toward protecting your lungs is to know your city or town . More than 115 million people nationwide still live in counties with pollution levels considered potentially harmful to their health . Air quality varies widely around the United States . Ozone , for instance -- which can pose a major problem for asthmatics -- tends to be more prevalent in urban areas , though it can be found in suburban and rural areas as well . If you live in Fargo , North Dakota -- one of the cities with the cleanest air in the nation -- you are likely to breathe easier than if you live in Los Angeles , which has the highest ozone levels in the country . Local weather stations often provide this information on their websites , and radio stations typically give ozone alerts . In addition , many websites can tell you if pollutants , ozone , or pollen counts are high in your area on any given day . • AirNow.gov , a site run by federal government agencies , provides a daily Air Quality Index as well as other useful information on air quality . • The American Academy of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology 's National Allergy Bureau has a daily mold and pollen report . • The American Lung Association rates the air quality annually by state at stateoftheair.org . • The Environmental Protection Agency has a feature on its website called My Environment , which gives you an up-to-date air-quality forecast for your zip code . • Pollen.com offers a four-day allergy forecast using data from the National Weather Service . However , it 's not just pollen or air pollution that can trigger problems . Dr. Michael Benninger , M.D. , the chairman of the Head and Neck Institute at the Cleveland Clinic , in Ohio , says changes in barometric pressure and temperature can also spell trouble for people with allergies to pollen and mold , people with severe sinus symptoms , and even people without allergies . How to cope on bad air days Once you 've figured out what factors are most likely to pose a problem  usually by trial and error , or testing for allergies  , and know the conditions in your area , there are several things you can do to cope . One option is to reduce excessive exposure on days that might trigger symptoms . For example , Benninger recommends avoiding areas where pollen , mold , or other allergens are high . If you know that grass and trees are a problem , do n't spend the day in a lush , tree-filled park ; if you have to mow your lawn , wear a mask with a filter to reduce exposure to grass . Staying indoors with the windows closed and the air-conditioning on is also helpful , Benninger says . Dr. Todd Rambasek , M.D. , of ENT & Allergy Health Services , in Cleveland , says there are three things that typically affect your ability to breathe outside : • How much of an allergen or pollutant is present . • How heavily you are breathing .  For example , you breathe more heavily when exercising . • How well your symptoms are controlled , if you have asthma . Health.com : Ca n't stop coughing ? 8 possible reasons People with asthma often need to use an everyday controller medication , which is a drug that eases underlying lung inflammation . Bronchodilators are another type of asthma drug that can be used to expand airways and relieve symptoms , such as shortness of breath or coughing . However , if you are using a bronchodilator inhaler all the time to treat symptoms , it 's a sign that your asthma is n't under control and that you should be taking controller medication daily . "  If people take daily controller medications , they are less likely to have problems when they are near triggers , " says Rambasek . Health.com : How to buy the right air cleaner In addition to regularly taking controller medications -- such as fluticasone , Singulair , and Azmacort -- asthmatics should also carry albuterol , a common bronchodilator , according to Rambasek . Using a bronchodilator inhaler about 30 minutes before going outside can be helpful , he says . Over-the-counter antihistamines such as Claritin  loratadine  tend to work well and are relatively safe for those with allergies , Rambasek says . Benninger recommends using topical anti-allergy eye drops and Afrin for itchy eyes and congestion if symptoms are infrequent , though he cautions that Afrin should only be used for a few days at a time . Health.com : 10 best big cities for people with asthma Benninger also advises patients to begin taking medications two to three weeks prior to allergy season . Steroid nasal sprays are particularly beneficial when taken in advance if you have allergies that affect your sinuses , he says . Smart ways to exercise on bad air days If you know your triggers and have the appropriate medication on hand , there are still things you can do to prevent problems . If you exercise outdoors , try walking instead of running to reduce exertion . Do n't run near high-traffic roads , if possible , and if you know what direction the wind is blowing , exercise upwind , Rambasek says . If you are allergic to pollen , exercise when the counts are lower , in the early morning or evening , and avoid hot , windy days , he adds . Ozone levels tend to peak from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. during the day . Health.com : 15 hypoallergenic dogs and cats Dr. Anne Marie Ditto , M.D. , an associate professor of medicine in the allergy-immunology division at the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine , in Chicago , says she generally tells patients not to avoid the outdoors . Instead , she recommends that people control their asthma and allergies so they wo n't have flare-ups . But there is one exception : people with asthma on high-ozone days . "  If you are in a city with an ozone action day , we tend to say , ` Stay inside if you are not well controlled ... or try to avoid a lot of outdoor activity , ' " she says . "  It might not be a good day to go outside and play baseball . " Health.com : 7 surprising triggers of lung trouble Ditto says ozone causes inflammation and heightens sensitivity to outdoor allergens such as pollen or mold . This can increase the chance of an asthma attack . Rambasek agrees . "  For someone with an ozone allergy and asthma , avoidance is their best bet because treatments are n't phenomenal , " he says . "  For someone with nasal allergies to pollen , treatment is good so we often do n't recommend avoidance . But we do n't have any shots to reduce people 's sensitivity to ozone . "	Ozone tends to be more prevalent in urban areas Barometric pressure , temperature changes can spell trouble , says Benninger Ditto : Ozone causes inflammation and heightens sensitivity to outdoor allergens
CNN  -- Time is just about up to cast your vote for CNN Hero of the Year and help someone change the world . Voting ends by the end of the day Wednesday  11:59 p.m. PT  , a few days prior to Sunday 's live telecast of "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . " The annual tribute show , hosted by Anderson Cooper in Los Angeles , recognizes the top 10 CNN Heroes -- everyday people doing extraordinary things to better the lives of others . Each of the top 10 gets $ 50,000 to continue their work , but the Hero of the Year will get an additional $ 250,000 . Who will that person be ? You can help decide by voting on cnnheroes.com or your mobile device . "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " airs live around the world Sunday at 9 p.m. ET/6 p.m. PT . Celebrities scheduled to appear include actresses Susan Sarandon , Maria Bello and Viola Davis ; actors Harvey Keitel , Rainn Wilson and Josh Duhamel ; hip-hop artist 50 Cent ; and athletes Jeff Gordon and Cullen Jones . R&B singer Ne-Yo and "  American Idol " winner Phillip Phillips will be performing live during the show . Here , in alphabetical order , are the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 : Pushpa Basnet Pushpa Basnet was shocked to learn that children in Nepal were living in prisons with their parents . In 2005 , she started a children 's center that has provided support , such as housing , education and medical care , to more than 140 children of incarcerated parents . Did you know ... Nepal is one of the poorest countries in the world . According to UNICEF , 55 % of the population lives below the international poverty line . It lacks the social safety net that exists in most Western nations . Space is extremely limited in the few children 's homes affiliated with the government . In her words : "  It 's not fair for  these  children to live in the prison , because they have n't done anything wrong . My mission is to make sure no child grows up behind prison walls . " Donate to the Early Childhood Development Center Wanda Butts Wanda Butts lost her son in a drowning accident six years ago . In his memory , she started the Josh Project , a nonprofit that has helped nearly 1,200 children in Ohio -- most of them minorities -- learn how to swim . Did you know ... According to USA Swimming , 70 % of African-American children can not swim , compared with nearly 60 % of Hispanic children and 42 % of white children . In her words : "  The joy on the faces of those children -- when they see that they can learn , once they get it -- they are so happy with themselves . And it 's like all of them are my children . It 's like I did n't lose my son . " Donate to the Josh Project Mary Cortani Mary Cortani is a former Army dog trainer who started Operation Freedom Paws , a nonprofit that helps war veterans train their own service dogs . Since 2010 , she has worked with more than 80 veterans who have invisible wounds such as post-traumatic stress disorder . Did you know ... Of the more than 2 million U.S. troops deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan since October 2001 , it 's estimated that one in five is likely to be afflicted by PTSD or major depression , according to the RAND Corp. . In her words : "  When a veteran trains their own service dog , there are immediate benefits right off the bat . They have a mission and a purpose again . It gives them something to focus on and to complete . It gives them a sense of security and safety . ... They know they 're not alone . They 've always got their buddy at the end of the leash . " Donate to Operation Freedom Paws Catalina Escobar Catalina Escobar is helping young moms in Colombia , where one in five girls ages 15 to 19 is or has been pregnant . Since 2002 , her foundation has provided counseling , education and job training to more than 2,000 teenage mothers . Did you know ... Escobar 's program also helps mothers find jobs or scholarships so they can continue their education at a trade school or university . In her words : "  You see these girls ,  with  their tiny faces ... they 're babies holding babies . " Donate to the Juan Felipe Gomez Escobar Foundation Razia Jan Razia Jan is fighting to educate girls in rural Afghanistan , where terrorists will stop at nothing to keep them from learning . In 2008 , she opened the Zabuli Education Center . Today , she and her team are providing a free education to about 350 girls , many of whom would n't normally have access to school . Did you know ... There were at least 185 documented attacks on schools and hospitals in Afghanistan last year , according to the United Nations . The majority were attributed to armed groups opposed to girls ' education . In her words : "  People are crazy . The day we opened the school ,  on  the other side of town , they threw hand grenades in a girls ' school , and 100 girls were killed . Every day , you hear that somebody 's thrown acid at a girl 's face ... or they poison their water . " Donate to Razia 's Ray of Hope Thulani Madondo Thulani Madondo struggled as a child growing up in the slums of Kliptown , South Africa . Today , his Kliptown Youth Program provides school uniforms , tutoring , meals and activities to 400 children in the community . Did you know ... Nearly 40,000 people live in Kliptown , a district in the largely black township of Soweto , South Africa . Generations of families have lived in these ramshackle homes just 15 miles from Johannesburg , the economic capital of the country . In his words : "  There are more than 10,000 children in the community , so working with 400 might seem like nothing . But if  they  are dedicated ... we can make a difference . " Donate to the Kliptown Youth Program Leo McCarthy In memory of his daughter , who was killed by a drunken driver in 2007 , Leo McCarthy started Mariah 's Challenge . The nonprofit gives college scholarships to teenagers who pledge not to drink while they 're underage . Nearly $ 150,000 in scholarship money has been awarded . Did you know ... Mariah 's Challenge started in Butte , Montana , but it has expanded to other parts of the state as well as Idaho , Iowa , North Carolina and Washington state . In his words : "  Mariah is forever 14 . I ca n't get her back , but I can help other parents keep their kids safe . We save one child , we save a generation , and that makes me encouraged to continue what we 're doing every day . " Donate to Mariah 's Challenge Connie Siskowski Connie Siskowski is helping young people who have to take care of an ill , disabled or aging family member . Since 2006 , her nonprofit has provided assistance to more than 500 young caregivers in Palm Beach County , Florida . Did you know ... A report released in 2005 by the National Alliance for Caregiving and the United Hospital Fund said there were at least 1.3 million caregiving youths , ages 8 to 18 , nationwide . In her words : "  No child in the United States should have to drop out of school because of caregiving . These children suffer silently behind closed doors . ... They do n't have the help and the support and the recognition that they need . " Donate to the American Association of Caregiving Youth Scott Strode After beating his addiction to drugs and alcohol , Scott Strode found support through sports . Since 2007 , his nonprofit , Phoenix Multisport , has provided free athletic activities and a sober support community to more than 6,000 participants in Colorado . Did you know ... Phoenix Multisport is named for the mythical bird that rises from its ashes . In his words : "  Life should be better once you get sober .  We want to  help people build a new life , a new self-image , and have fun without getting high . " Donate to Phoenix Multisport Malya Villard-Appolon Malya Villard-Appolon is a rape survivor dedicated to supporting victims of sexual violence in Haiti . In 2004 , she co-founded KOFAVIV , an organization that has helped more than 4,000 rape survivors find safety , psychological support and/or legal aid . Did you know ... Nearly 300,000 people still live in Haiti 's "  tent city " camps . In her words : "  After  the earthquake  , the situation was inhumane and degrading . There was no security in the  displacement  camps . There was no food ; there was no work . And now there is a rampant problem . " Donate to KOFAVIV	The CNN Hero of the Year will be announced Sunday night at the annual Heroes tribute show That person will get an additional $ 250,000 to continue their work helping others You can decide who gets that money : vote online or from your mobile device
CNN  -- Israel 's military said Tuesday it shot down a Syrian warplane over the Golan Heights amid what it described as growing tensions in the border area . According to the Israel Defense Forces , the plane "  was identified while attempting to infiltrate Israeli airspace in the Golan Heights . " Israel used a Patriot anti-aircraft missile to bring it down , the IDF said . Military spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said the aircraft shot down was a Russian-made Sukhoi-24 and that both the pilot and co-pilot ejected into Syria . The plane penetrated roughly a kilometer  more than half a mile  into Israeli airspace , he said . Syrian state TV also reported that Israeli forces had shot down a Syrian warplane . Defense Minister : We will act strongly The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based activist group , said the Syrian fighter jet was targeting the countryside around the Syrian town of Quneitra , where the only border crossing between Israel and Syria is located . Militants in the area are trying to dislodge Syrian government forces from their last two strongholds in the area , the group said . Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon said the Syrian fighter jet "  came close to Israeli territory on the Golan Heights in a threatening manner , and even crossed the border line . " He said Israel would use whatever means were necessary to protect its citizens . "  We have made it clear , and we are making it clear now as well : We will not allow any factor be it a country or a terror organization , to threaten our security and violate our sovereignty . We will act strongly against all attempts even if it is a mistake or intentional . " Border area called ` Highly unstable ' An IDF statement posted online said the Israel-Syria border had been "  highly unstable " in recent months . "  As the civil war rages in Syria , IDF forces have experienced combat in the region , both from targeted strikes and errant fire , " it said . The incident came as the United States and a number of Arab allies began bombing ISIS targets in the Syrian town of Raqqa , far to the northeast . U.N. forces withdrew last week from the Syrian-controlled side of the Golan Heights , a little more than two weeks after Islamic militant fighters took some peacekeepers hostage and besieged others . Al-Nusra Front freed 45 U.N. peacekeepers from Fiji in good condition earlier this month , while forces from the Philippines escaped after exchanging fire with militant fighters , according to media reports . The incidents occurred after Syrian rebel fighters took control of the border crossing in Quneitra in late August . Golan Heights : Making wine in the shadow of war CNN 's Claudia Rebaza , Michael Schwartz , Ian Lee and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : The downed Syrian plane was a Sukhoi-24 , an Israeli military spokesman says IDF : The plane was attempting to infiltrate Israeli airspace in the Golan Heights Activist group says the plane was targeting sites around the Syrian town of Quneitra U.N. peacekeepers have left the Syrian-controlled side of the Golan Heights
CNN  -- Federal regulators warned consumers to avoid one brand of vitamin B dietary supplement because it contains potentially harmful anabolic steroids . Preliminary lab tests showed the product , Healthy Life Chemistry By Purity First B-50 , contains methasterone , a controlled substance , and dimethazine , the Food and Drug Administration said . "  Products marketed as a vitamin but which contain undisclosed steroids pose a real danger to consumers and are illegal , " said Howard Sklamberg , director of the FDA 's compliance office . Regulators received 29 complaints associated with the product , including fatigue , muscle pain and cramps , and liver and thyroid problems , the FDA said . Women also reported unusual hair growth and missed menstruation , and men reported impotence and low testosterone . Some patients were hospitalized , the FDA said in a statement , but no deaths were reported . Anyone who used the product and has symptoms should seek medical care and report the case to the FDA , regulators said . The product manufactured by Purity First Health Products is sold online and in stores . The company has declined to voluntarily recall the product or to warn consumers about the potential for injury , according to the FDA .	FDA : The supplement is linked to 29 complaints Users reported fatigue , pain , liver and thyroid trouble Men reported impotence and low testosterone No deaths were reported , but some patients were hospitalized
A man jumped a fence at the White House late Friday and made it through the North Portico doors into the building before he was captured , Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary told CNN . Part of the White House was evacuated after a disturbance was initially detected on the North Lawn , according to a CNN reporter who was among those hustled from the building . The first family was not at the White House at the time , but other people were . President Obama had left just four minutes earlier with his daughters via helicopter from the South Lawn to visit Camp David . The suspect , 42-year-old Omar Gonzalez of Copperas Cove , Texas , was apprehended just after making it inside the doors . He was taken to George Washington Medical Center for a medical evaluation , Leary said . Gonzalez was known to Secret Service , said an official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . The official would not say how or why . He had not been arrested by the Secret Service before . "  He appeared to responding officers to be unarmed , and that turned out to be true . He ignored officers ' calls for him to stop and ran towards the White House , " Leary said . It 's unclear how Gonzalez made his way onto the grounds . A CNN crew saw Secret Service agents standing over what appeared to be a man on the North Portico . A man believed to be the suspect was later seen being loaded onto an ambulance . More than an hour later , Secret Service agents and dogs were seen standing near where the disturbance occurred . CNN White House producer Becky Brittain said she has never been evacuated off White House grounds in her nine years of reporting there . "  This time they were very serious about getting us all out of the White House very quickly , " she said .	White House fence jumper made into the building A man was seen running across property The incident occurred after Obama and his daughters had left the grounds It 's unclear how the man made his way onto the property
Washington  CNN  -- The chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee is accusing the VA of "  what appears to be an attempt to mislead Congress and the public " by manipulating the number of veterans who died as a result of delays in care . In a letter to the VA secretary , Chairman Jeff Miller says the VA gave questionable information on a fact sheet distributed during a briefing to his committee in April and has consistently repeated that information in congressional testimony and to journalists . The VA 's "  fact sheet " from April 7 confirms 76 patients were harmed as a result of delays in gastrointestinal care and "  of these 76 patients , 23 have passed away , " citing a "  national review ... of all consults since 1999 . " But more recent documents from the VA sent to Miller , a Florida Republican , show those deaths actually came from a much shorter period , from 2010 to 2012 , which may indicate there could be more deaths because of delays than the VA has reported . Even former VA Secretary Eric Shinseki repeated the questionable information during a news briefing on Capitol Hill . "  We went back in time 15 years . Out of that , we probably looked at 250 million consults . That was narrowed down to 76 institutional disclosures , of which there were 23 deaths that had occurred , " Shinseki said in May , about two weeks before he resigned because of systemic delays in care and findings that VA schedulers manipulated patient wait times . In a statement to CNN , Miller said , "  The VA scandal was created by selfish bureaucrats who lied in order to hide problems . Now it appears those involved in the creation of this fact sheet , including a number of folks who work in the department 's central office headquarters , engaged in a similar sort of reprehensible behavior . "  This is further proof that VA 's statistics -- and certain department employees -- simply can not be trusted . If VA Secretary Robert McDonald ca n't offer a logical explanation for what happened , he needs to act quickly to hold those responsible for this misdirection accountable . " Senate confirms Robert McDonald as VA secretary CNN reached out late Tuesday afternoon to the VA for comment but has n't received a response . CNN has been investigating and publishing reports of wait lists and deaths of veterans across VA hospitals across the country for nearly a year . Since August 2013 , CNN has repeatedly requested records from the VA through the Freedom of Information Act , but the agency so far has not provided many key documents . Miller 's letter to McDonald on Monday asks for more information on what he describes as "  an incredibly serious matter . " Miller requested the VA provide the House Veterans Affairs Committee with details on the total number of deaths and serious ailments caused by health care delays by next week . To ensure accuracy , Miller asked the VA to clarify whether the numbers provided are "  self-reported " because of evidence of widespread data manipulation at many VA facilities . Miller also asked that the VA share the names of the employees responsible for creating and reviewing the fact sheet that stated the 23 deaths dated back to 1999 . "  Our committee has learned that none of the deaths identified by the review of high interest consults occurred prior to 2010 , " Miller said . "  By name , what specific person is was responsible ... ? " Miller learned that the 23 deaths occurred from 2010 and 2012 in a letter he received in July from the VA 's then interim under secretary for health , Dr. Carolyn Clancy . That letter also reported 24 deaths , instead of the previous 23 , perhaps indicating another veteran has died since April . Clancy 's letter also stated 20 veterans in Columbia , South Carolina , and seven veterans in Augusta , Georgia , suffered "  death or serious injury " because of delays in colonoscopies and endoscopies . A lack of gastrointestinal doctors and an inefficient "  tracking " system caused the delays , among other factors , according to her letter . In a response to a previous question from Miller about how the VA disciplined those responsible for the delays in Columbia and Augusta , Clancy wrote that the chief of staff at the Augusta VA medical center received "  verbal counseling " and voluntarily stepped down . An employee in Columbia , whose name was redacted , "  received a reprimand and continues to be employed at the medical center , " and two other employees there voluntary retired , according to the letter . The letter does not say any employees in Columbia or Augusta have been fired because of the delays in patient care . The VA 's letter also said delays in gastrointestinal appointments in Columbia and Augusta have been resolved , but data recently released from the VA shows that about 11,000 patients in Columbia are waiting more than 30 days for various appointments and about 3,000 in Augusta are waiting this long . A recent report compiled by the office of Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , found that more than 1,000 veterans might have died in the past decade as a result of malpractice or lack of care from VA medical centers . In his confirmation hearing in July , McDonald vowed to transform the embattled federal health care system . "  The seriousness of this moment demands urgent action , " McDonald wrote in his testimony . Senate passes bill to overhaul VA , sends to Obama More VA employees said they were told to falsify data Veterans waiting longer for cancer care	Rep. Jeff Miller accuses the VA of "  what appears to be an attempt to mislead " Chairman of key House panel says the VA gave questionable information on a fact sheet Miller : "  VA scandal was created by selfish bureaucrats who lied in order to hide problems " Robert McDonald is the new VA chief ; Eric Shinseki resigned after series of CNN stories
Barrow , Alaska  CNN  -- Edward Itta , a powerful Eskimo leader , looks out at the icy Arctic Ocean stretched out under a fuzzy orange sun that refuses to set this time of year . "  This is our garden , " said the former mayor of the North Slope Borough , a county-style government covering an area as big as Wyoming . Itta 's garden , the Arctic Ocean , is filled with the whales , seals , walruses and fish the Inupiat Eskimos still need to survive . But many Inupiats think "  their garden " is being threatened by an international oil rush to get at what may be a treasure trove of more than 25 billion barrels of crude . Itta 's lynchpin decision on whether to fight Shell Alaska 's efforts to begin exploratory drilling in the Arctic was among the most difficult of his 67 years . Running his hands along the edge of a traditional boat -- much like the Inupiat people have used for thousands of years to hunt whale -- Itta remembers environmental oil disasters such as 1989 's Exxon Valdez and the Deepwater Horizon . But he also talks about the critical economic needs of the region 's 9,500 people -- 11 % of whom live below the poverty line . "  I struggled with myself and prayed a lot , " says Itta . The whole world is watching . Just ask Bob Reiss , an eco-journalist and author of "  The Eskimo and the Oil Man . " "  If Shell really hits it big this summer , I think things will heat up even more , " Reiss told CNN . "  It will be an undersea gold rush for oil . " Shortly before Itta left office after serving a maximum term , he reached a compromise with Shell that opened the door for drilling to begin later this year . Other officials have struggled with competing fears and desires linked to the promise of oil riches . Opinion : Why we should look toward the Arctic What 's interesting about Itta 's shift toward his final decision is how far he traveled . In his own words , Itta moved from "  hell no " to "  OK . " "  Not only no ... but HELL no ! " Itta emphasizes . "  Even one time I said , ` I 'm going to fight this , and they will have to do it over my dead body . ' " In this age of polarized politics and unwavering ideology , you have to wonder : what was that internal journey like ? Itta is no stranger to the oil industry . He spent some time working as a roustabout in Alaska 's Prudhoe Bay , the nation 's largest oil field . But Itta viewed Shell 's plan at first as "  another threat to our way of life up here . " "  We are the Arctic , because we are the land , we are the ocean we are one and the same , " says Itta . "  That 's how we look at our environment -- how our culture has managed to get to this day and age , through thousands of years in one of the harshest environments . " Proponents say if Shell finds oil , it could spark thousands of new jobs . As much as 27 billion barrels could be waiting to be pumped to the surface , according to federal estimates , and 132 trillion cubic feet of natural gas . Opponents say an oil spill could pollute the waters and damage the economy . "  Our subsistence for the winter , it all comes from the ocean , the fish and whale . It 's going to ruin our ocean , " said 79-year-old Abagail Nashupuq of Point Hope , Alaska . Shell Alaska vows it 's taken every step possible to avoid a catastrophe . "  We will be drilling these wells like they are the most complex , most difficult wells that we have drilled in company history , " says Pete Slaiby , the vice president of Shell Alaska . Shell , he says , has to "  take measures to safeguard the culture , the subsistence hunt and the lifestyle the people enjoy . " The company plans to use drilling ships to root for oil in two areas : a site west of Barrow named Burger in the Chukchi Sea and to the east of Barrow in the Beaufort Sea at a spot designated as Hammerhead . About 18 miles offshore in the Beaufort and 70 miles in the Chukchi , in water less than 200 feet deep , the ships will drill about 8,000 feet to collect data on potential oil reserves . Then workers will seal the wells with cement and mechanical plugs before permanently abandoning them . The 2010 BP Deepwater Horizon spill that killed 11 oil workers and lasted three months spewed from a well that was 5,000 feet under water and about 40 miles off shore . The Arctic 's shallow waters will make a Gulf of Mexico scenario less likely , supporters say , because getting to the well will be easier and pressure conditions underwater at the drill site will be more favorable . Shell has been forced to postpone drilling , which was scheduled to begin this month , until August by an unexpectedly thick ice pack . The delay cuts valuable time for Shell , which is operating under U.S. permits that require the company to stop drilling in the seas by the end of October . On Saturday , one of the ships that Shell plans to use to drill slipped its mooring and drifted close to one of Alaska 's Aleutian Islands . It was the latest in a string of incidents to arise around the controversial project . Questions also were raised in June about the durability of one of Shell 's underwater oil spill containment vessels in severe weather , which resulted in the vessel that was headed to one of the drilling sites to be temporarily held at port in Washington . A group of opponents , primarily the Inuit and environmentalists , called for a review of the federal air permits that were issued to Shell as part of its drilling plan . Opponents also fear that floating ice will make any spill in the region a potential disaster . "  Nobody knows how to contain or clean up a spill in the harsh and remote seas of the Arctic , " said Frances Beinecke , Natural Resources Defense Council president , in a written statement . If a "  blowout occurs late in the drilling season , there wo n't be time to stop it before the winter ice chokes the site , leaving oil to gush uncontrolled for months . " Scientists predict there will be less ice by mid-century . If Shell finds the oil it 's looking for , scientists say melting ice in the Arctic Circle will make conditions friendlier to floating drilling rigs . Some predictions say year-round shipping will be common in the region by 2050 . Practical and personal considerations influenced Itta 's decision , he says . Growing up , he had no electricity , no running water . "  You 'd get back and forth from where you need to with dog teams . " "  I started dealing with looking at my grandkids and my kids and what I had gone through ... and I wanted them to have what I have , if not better . " If production dips from the region 's Prudhoe Bay wells and pipeline , "  our tax revenues go way , way , way down , " Itta admits . In an era when reliance on foreign oil is seen as a security threat , President Barack Obama 's support of offshore drilling also helped Itta decide . "  I think it 's inevitable that action is going to happen out here -- in the name of national security if for nothing else . " Under the agreement negotiated by Itta , the borough agreed not to sue Shell if the company maintains constant scientific research and halts drilling when whales are in the region . They 've agreed to fund a scientific environmental monitoring program with local coastal communities getting from $ 3 million to $ 5 million a year , Itta said . Despite the agreement , Itta still says he opposes offshore drilling "  mainly because I do n't think enough mitigation measures have been even thought of or done to safeguard our waters and our way of life . " The tipping point in reaching the agreement , Itta said , was something his father once told him . "  You 're going to be on a fool 's errand if you think you are going to please everybody , " he said . "  Give it your best shot , seek advice and once you think you 've found that -- go with it and do n't look back . " "  So that 's the point where I said , ` OK , it 's a compromise . ' That 's the right way : they have to give . We have to give . " Final word on whether to allow exploratory drilling is now up to the Department of Interior . "  I think I can rest easy that I have done the very best I could to bring our issues as Inupiat Eskimos to the forefront , in a way the oil industry understands -- the permitting agencies understand , " Itta said . "  We helped to further set world-class standards for an operation here -- in our garden . " How do you feel about drilling ? Let us know in the comments below . Related : The war over coal is personal Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm ET . For the latest from Erin Burnett click here .	Shell plans exploratory offshore drilling in two regions off Alaska Ex-mayor who campaigned on "  hell no ! " platform eventually said "  OK " Issue pits environmental concerns against promising oil revenues Environmentalists fear harsh weather could worsen an oil well blowout
CNN  -- Australians go to the polls in less than five weeks to vote in elections that will decide on policies as diverse as how the country polices its borders , how it manages its greenhouse emissions and how it plans to roll out a national scheme to connect every part of the vast continent to the Internet . Just weeks after ousting rival Julia Gillard , Prime Minister Kevin Rudd on the weekend called a national election for September 7 , rallying the Australian Labor Party faithful to stand behind the party 's policies on education and the economy . "  We 've got one hell of a fight on our hands , " Rudd said in an email to supporters . "  I have a positive vision about the country we can be . In this election I 'll be talking with Australians across the county about better schools for our kids , investing so we can create good jobs , and about how the NBN  national broadband network  can help keep our economy strong . " So what 's at stake : 1 . The asylum-seeker issue No area of policy is likely to be more contested , however , than border protection . An emotive issue that for decades has been fodder for Australia 's strident brand of talk-back radio show hosts , known colloquially as ` shock-jocks ' , both the opposition Liberal-National Coalition under Tony Abbott and Rudd have policies that would effectively curtail the influx of ` boat people ' to Australia . According to Australia 's Department of Immigration , this year 218 boats carrying 15,182 passengers were listed as irregular maritime arrivals as of July , 2013 -- most of them refugees from Iraq , Iran , Sri Lanka , Afghanistan and Bangladesh seeking asylum . Rudd has put forward the Papua New Guinea plan to deal with the influx , a $ A1 .1 billion scheme that would settle asylum seekers outside Australia permanently . Abbott , meanwhile , says he will turn the problem over to Australia 's military which would be under orders to tow asylum-seeker boats to Indonesia . Indonesia , however , has remained opposed to the opposition 's scheme . Why Australia 's PNG asylum plan wo n't work 2 . Tax and spending Both parties , meanwhile , plan to axe the country 's controversial carbon tax on greenhouse emissions . Uncertainty over the issue was credited with unseating Rudd 's first government and both parties have adopted fresh policies . Under Rudd , the government would move one year early to an emissions trading scheme while the Liberal Party plans to scrap carbon trading altogether in favor of a voluntary emissions reduction scheme it has called ` direct action . ' On the broader economic front , the government is likely to point to Australia 's stellar economic figures which this year pegged growth at 2.5 % , a jobless rate of 5.7 % , inflation at just 2.4 % and interest rates also at a low 2.75 % . While Australia has seen a sustained boom , largely thanks to the sale of commodities to a resource-hungry China , the government has racked up a deficit of $ A30 billion and Abbott -- a fiscal conservative - is certain to target government-spending in the lead-up to the election . How the Australian political rivals view China 3 . The Internet The National Broadband Network  NBN  , a contentious $ 40 billion program to connect more than 90 per cent of Australia 's premises with super fast fiber optic cables , would be scaled back under a Liberal-National Coalition government , which favors the use of existing , but slower , copper cable networks fed by fiber optic cables to the node . The NBN has proved highly popular in regions where the network has already been rolled out and some analysts say a perceived reversal of the policy could damage the Coalition 's chances at the polls . With little differentiating the parties substantively on policy , the role of the media in the lead-up to the elections will be crucial to the fortunes of both parties . Already the right-leaning Daily Telegraph newspaper -- Sydney 's largest-selling tabloid -- has called on readers to vote for the Coalition running the headline : "  Kick This Mob Out " . "  The mass media no longer sees the explanations of policies and ideas as a central part of its charter , " analyst Shaun Carney of Monash University told The Conversation website . "  As it finds itself having to chase eyeballs in order to keep its financial head above water , it becomes more sensational , more attracted to portraying conflict and dealing with what public figures say rather than what they believe or do . "  The parties go along with this model by ramping up the hyperbole . "	Australians will go to the polls on September 7 Border protection and the economy set to be key issues Both parties likely to agree on education and national broadband policy The media to play a strong role in what has proved to be a fickle electorate
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- The imam behind the controversial mosque and Islamic center near New York City 's ground zero said Sunday that he hopes the project will develop "  an Islamic approach that allows for harmony and understanding among all religions and other ideas . " The remarks from Abdul Rauf , who has rarely spoken to the media since his proposal for an Islamic center set off a firestorm of controversy this summer , came while the imam is on a State Department-sponsored trip to the Middle East . Rauf spoke with the newspaper Bahraini Al Wasat before he was scheduled to appear at the U.S. ambassador 's residence in Bahrain , the newspaper 's editor said . In the interview , to be published Monday , Rauf praised freedoms that Muslims and others enjoy in the United States . "  If we look at the American Declaration of Independence , we see that it speaks of principles that comply with Islam , " Rauf said , according to Bahraini Al Wasat editor-in-chief Mansoor Al-Jamri . "  The U.S. Constitution protects our rights and what exists in the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitution is much better than what is found in many Islamic countries . " Rauf is on his third trip to discuss Muslim life in America and religious tolerance , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said earlier this month . "  We have a long-term relationship with him , " Crowley said . "  His work on tolerance and religious diversity is well known , and he brings a moderate perspective to foreign audiences on what it 's like to be a practicing Muslim in the United States . " Crowley said the imam 's trip would take him to Qatar and the United Arab Emirates , in addition to Bahrain , an island nation off the coast of Saudi Arabia . His previous trips under the government program were in 2007 to Bahrain , the UAE , Qatar and Morocco , and earlier this year to Egypt . The trip is one of about 1,200 similar programs of sending experts overseas , Crowley said . Some lawmakers have urged the State Department to rethink plans to sponsor Rauf on trips abroad . Reps. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , and Peter King , R-New York , the ranking members of the House Foreign Affairs and Homeland Security committees , called the State Department 's funding of Rauf 's current trip "  unacceptable , " and said American taxpayers should not have to subsidize his tour . In New York on Sunday , opponents of the planned Islamic community center faced off with demonstrators in favor of the facility . Hundreds of critics and supporters of the proposed center in New York showed up despite an overcast and drizzly sky to express their views amid the national debate over the facility . Police estimated that supporters of the center numbered up to 250 , and critics numbered about 450 during the demonstration . A banner on the anti-center side said , "  Land of the free . Stop sharia before it stops you , " referring to Islamic law . Another sign read , "  No mosque here . Preserve the dignity of our loved ones killed on 9/11 . " Others said Americans need to set an example of tolerance to the rest of the world . "  It would be giving in to bigotry and intolerance to demand that it be moved and I think in the end , it makes us less safe because we need to show the world that we are a tolerant , open society , " supporter Ruth Massie said .	Abdul Rauf said he wants to promote "  harmony and understanding " He spoke Sunday to a Bahraini newspaper Rauf is on a State Department sponsored trip of the Middle East
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs summoned Britain 's high commissioner for talks Monday , less than a week after British Prime Minister David Cameron criticized the country 's handing of terrorism . "  We can confirm that the British High Commissioner to Pakistan , Mr. Adam Thomson , is meeting this morning with Foreign Minister Qureshi at the request of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , " the British Foreign Office in London said Monday . The outcome of the session was not immediately clear . Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari has said he will proceed with a scheduled visit to the United Kingdom this week despite Cameron 's remarks , a government official said . "  There is no reason to bark at each other . We have had good relations in the past and we want to progress our relations , " Pakistan Information Minister Qamar Zaman Kaira said Saturday . Kaira 's remarks to reporters in London , England , came after a Pakistani military official confirmed that the country 's spy chief 's planned visit to the U.K. had been canceled after Cameron told an audience in India that Pakistan should n't export terror . "  We want to see a strong and a stable and a democratic Pakistan , " Cameron said in Bangalore , India on Wednesday , "  But we can not tolerate in any sense the idea that this country is allowed to look both ways and is able in any way to promote the export of terror , whether to India or whether to Afghanistan , or anywhere else in the world . " Kaira described Cameron 's statement as a "  misperception " that was "  against the facts " and "  not in good taste , " but he said he expected the bilateral meetings between Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari and U.K. officials this week to be fruitful . "  The president of Pakistan will have dialogue and good discussion , and he will explain the facts to the new government over here , " he said . Some critics in Pakistan have called for the president to cancel his visit . One group of protesters burned an effigy of Cameron . Gen. Ahmed Shujaa Pasha , the head of Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence , planned to visit Britain in early August to discuss security cooperation between the two countries . But the trip was scuttled after Cameron 's comments , according to a Pakistani military official , who asked not to be named because he was not supposed to talk to the media . Kaira said Saturday that the trip had been postponed due to other commitments .	British prime minister has been critical of Pakistan 's handling of terrorism Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari has said he will visit the United Kingdom this week Pakistan says Cameron does n't understand the facts
CNN  -- The federal government is recommending changing the amount of fluoride in drinking water for the first time in 50 years . The Department of Health and Human Services and Environmental Protection Agency are proposing the change because of an increase in fluorosis -- a condition that causes spotting and streaking on children 's teeth . The government is proposing that the recommended amount of fluoride in drinking water be set at 0.7 milligrams per liter of water . The recommended range has been 0.7 to 1.2 milligrams per liter since 1962 . The EPA will determine whether the maximum amount of fluoride allowed in water will also be lowered . Fluoride was first added to water in the United States in the 1940s to help prevent tooth decay in children 8 years and under . "  One of water fluoridation 's biggest advantages is that it benefits all residents of a community -- at home , work , school or play , " said Health and Human Services Assistant Secretary for Health Dr. Howard Koh . "  And fluoridation 's effectiveness in preventing tooth decay is not limited to children , but extends throughout life , resulting in improved oral health . " The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says dental fluorosis is highest among adolescents between the ages of 12 an 15 . One reason for the increase in fluorosis : Americans now have access to fluoride from a variety of sources , including toothpaste , mouth rinses and prescription supplements , the Department of Health and Human Services says "  Dental fluorosis in the United States appears mostly in the very mild form -- as barely visible lacy white markings or spots on the enamel , " The department said in a statement Friday . "  The severe form of dental fluorosis , with staining and pitting on the tooth surface , is rare in the United States . " The change is being made now , according to an administration official , because the current range is out of date . He said that in the 1960s , when fluoridating water began , air conditioning was much less common . So children in hotter regions drank more water and needed lower levels of fluoride to protect their teeth , while children in colder climates drank less water and needed higher levels . "  Now since air conditioning is so common , " the official said , "  you do n't see those differences in consumption , and that 's why they 're getting rid of the range and recommending one level . " The American Dental Association says the new recommended levels will still reduce tooth decay but minimize fluorosis . The group says it continues to support fluoridation of community water as a safe and effective way to prevent tooth decay . "  This is a superb example of a government agency fulfilling its mission to protect and enhance the health of the American people , " said ADA President Dr. Raymond F. Gist . "  We have always looked to the federal health agencies to guide us on this and other public health matters , and we will continue to do so . We applaud the Department of Health and Human Services for reaffirming the safety and efficacy of optimal community water fluoridation , with science on their side . " The Environmental Working Group , a nonprofit organization whose goal is to protect public health and the environment , says it has been pushing governmental officials to reduce fluroide levels for years . "  We 've had to wait too long , but the government 's official , belated -- and perhaps begrudging -- announcement marks its recognition that fluoride policies have been out of step with the science on the tap-water additive 's toxicity to children , and that many American children are at risk from excess fluoride in drinking water and other sources , " said Jane Houlihan , senior vice president for research at the Environmental Working Group . "  Since 2005 , EWG has been calling on federal agencies to respond to these findings , which come from National Academy of Sciences and many others , documenting that excess fluoride exposure poses dangers that range from discolored teeth to potential hormone disruption and neurotoxicity . HHS has taken an important first step . Now it 's up to water utilities to respond and for the EPA to lower its high , legal limit on fluoride in drinking water , which is more than five times higher than the new maximum recommended amount . " The recommendations have been submitted to the Federal Register for a 30-day public comment period . The final version is expected this spring .	There has been an increase in a condition called fluorosis It causes spotting and streaking on children 's teeth The ADA says the new levels will still reduce tooth decay but minimize fluorosis Fluoride was first added to U.S. drinking water in the 1940s
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin appeared on NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live , " along with Palin lookalike Tina Fey . The show 's opening sketch featured a mock press conference with Fey reprising her role as the Alaska governor . The piece then cut to a shot of Palin watching Fey 's performance on a television monitor with Lorne Michaels , the show 's executive producer . "  I just did n't think it was a realistic depiction of the way my press conferences would have gone , " she said . "  Why could n't we have done the '30 Rock ' sketch that I wrote ? " she asked , referring to the NBC comedy which stars Fey . "  Honestly , not enough people know that show , " Michaels responds . The opening sketch also featured a surprise visit by Alec Baldwin , Fey 's "  30 Rock " co-star , who mistook Palin for Fey , and tried to convince Michaels not to let Fey appear on the show with the governor . He snapped his fingers , trying to remember the nickname some had given Palin . "  Caribou Barbie , " Palin reminded him . Baldwin , still oblivious that he was talking to the governor , continued : "  You want her , our Tina , to go out there and stand there with that horrible woman , " he asked . "  What do you have to say for yourself ? " Michaels points out he was standing next to the real Palin . "  Forgive me , I must say this , " Baldwin backtracked . "  You are way hotter in person . I mean seriously . I mean , I ca n't believe they let her play you . " Palin laughed and responded that Baldwin 's brother , Stephen , was her favorite . Stephen Baldwin , also an actor , is a Christian conservative with his own ministry . Palin then took the podium and told the reporters she was not going to take any of their questions . She then uttered the signature line that opens the show every weekend : "  Live from New York , it 's Saturday Night . " Later in the show , Palin appeared on SNL 's "  Weekend Update " with cast members Amy Poehler and Seth Meyers . "  I 've been thinking it over and I 'm not going to do the piece we rehearsed , " Palin told Meyers . "  My gut is telling me it might be a bad idea for the campaign . " Poehler said she would do the part and launched into a rap about being Sarah Palin . Among her backup dancers was cast member Jason Sukeikis who impersonated Palin 's husband , Todd . Palin grooved along to the music , even raising her hands when Poehler sang "  All the mavericks in the house , put your hands up ! All the plumbers in the house , put your pants up ! " The plumber reference was meant to invoke the now-famous Joe "  the Plumber " Wurzelbacher , who Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain has held up as a small business owner who will see his taxes rise if his Democratic rival , Sen. Barack Obama , wins the election . In both skits , Palin delivered her lines with a straight face but mostly played the comic foil to the show 's cast of mischief-makers . On Thursday , multiple sources told CNN that Palin planned to appear on the hit show . "  Saturday Night Live " has featured three opening skits in which former cast member and Palin lookalike Tina Fey portrays the Alaska governor . Fey first appeared as Palin for the show 's season premiere last month in a sketch with SNL cast member Amy Poehler , who played Sen. Hillary Clinton . Fey reprised her role as Palin two weeks later , again alongside Poehler , who played CBS 's Katie Couric in a parody of Palin 's interview with the CBS anchor earlier that week . Earlier this week , Palin told reporters that she 'd love to appear on the show with Fey , The Associated Press reported . "  I love her , she 's a hoot and she 's so talented , " Palin said , according to the AP . "  It would be fun to meet her , imitate her and keep on giving her new material . " CNN 's Peter Hamby and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	Sarah Palin appears on "  Saturday Night Live " with former cast member Tina Fey Sketch also featured "  30 Rock " actor Alec Baldwin Fey has played Palin several times on the show
CNN  -- West Indies cricket officials have moved two international matches from Jamaica due to the outbreak of violence on the Caribbean island . The final one-day international of the series against South Africa has been switched to Trinidad along with the first of three five-day Tests against the tourists , as a state of emergency is in effect in the Jamaican capital of Kingston . More than 500 people have been arrested , the Jamaican government said on Tuesday , with at least 44 dead according to reports following violence after a failed attempt to arrest a suspected drug kingpin . Cricket South Africa chief executive Gerald Majola backed the move by the West Indies board . "  CSA is monitoring the situation closely there with the West Indies Cricket Board , the International Cricket Council and the South African Government , " he told the Cricket South Africa Web site . "  The Proteas ' safety is our first priority and we thank that WICB for their swift action . Kingston 's Sabina Park had been due to host the fifth one-day match on June 3 , as well as a warm-up game on June 6-7 and the opening Test from June 10 . The two internationals will now be held at Port of Spain 's Queen 's Park Oval , while the venue for the practice game has yet to be confirmed . South Africa won both Twenty20 matches , which followed the world tournament for cricket 's shortest format , and have a 2-0 lead in the ODI series going into the matches in Dominica on Friday and Sunday . The second Test will be held in St Kitts from June 18 and the final match is in Barbados from June 26 . Meanwhile , England reached 362-4 on the opening day of the first Test against Bangladesh in London on Thursday . Jonathan Trott top-scored with an unbeaten 175 , the highest of his two centuries in the five-day format , as he added 181 runs for the second wicket with captain Andrew Strauss at Lord 's . Opener Strauss made 83 on his return to the team , having missed England 's World Twenty20 triumph in the West Indies . Kevin Pietersen  18  and Ian Bell  17  failed to capitalize on solid starts , but Eoin Morgan then helped Trott add another 104 as the former Ireland international ended the day unbeaten on 40 from 69 balls . South Africa-born Trott faced 270 deliveries , hitting 17 boundaries .	South Africa 's planned matches in Jamaica have been moved due to violence there Tourists had been due to play a one-day match and a Test at Kingston 's Sabina Park West Indies cricket officials move the matches to Queen 's Park Oval in Trinidad England reach 362-4 on the opening day of the first Test against Bangladesh at Lord 's
CNN  -- At least 40 people were killed in an airstrike on a key hospital in the besieged city of Aleppo , a rebel leader there told CNN . Ralib al-Omar , with the Yusif al-Asma rebel group , said the attack targeted the Dar al-Shifa Hospital and that the dead included two nurses . The hospital is one of the main sources of medical help for people in Syria 's commercial hub . Video posted by activists showed a collapsed building adjacent to the hospital . The blast appeared to have hit the hospital 's front lobby , which is often crowded with patients , civilians and rebels . The hospital had been attacked this year when an artillery shell hit its maternity ward .	The dead include two nurses , says rebel leader Dar al-Shifa Hospital is a primary source of medical help in Syria 's commercial hub Its maternity ward had been attacked earlier in the year
CNN  -- During the last four months , the people of Ukraine have been fighting for their freedom , independence and European path in a war started by Russia-backed terrorists and their accomplices . Ukrainian military forces suffer heavy losses in battles against terrorists equipped with the newest Russian weaponry . We 've seen reports of the pro-Russian thugs shooting women and children , cynically calling it a "  protection of the Russian-speaking population . " The price we are paying to bring peace back to the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine is too high . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has proposed the decentralization of power as part of his peace plan . It means more freedom , more economic autonomy and more opportunities to use languages spoken in a particular community for every region . How rebels in Ukraine built up an arsenal capable of reaching the skies Ukraine has also demonstrated its genuine willingness to resolve this crisis through negotiations and compromises . Our armed forces have shown exceptional restraint during their military operations in order to avoid casualties among peaceful civilians and prevent destruction of their towns and villages . Our unilateral cease-fire in the zone of the conflict had lasted from June 20 to June 30 , during which 27 Ukrainian servicemen , from all over Ukraine , were killed by the bandits . On July 17 we believe the terrorists fired at the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 , cutting short the lives of almost 300 people . This was a tragic wake-up call to the whole world . From now on Russian exporters of terrorism bring tragedy and tears to people across the planet -- from the Netherlands to Australia . Ukrainians , knowing too well the bitterness of loss , sincerely share grief with the families of the deceased . Our government is conducting , together with a team of international experts , a thorough investigation of the circumstances of this heinous act of terrorism . There is already incontrovertible evidence that the airliner was shot down by an anti-aircraft missile system that had arrived from Russia . When civilian planes are shot down For the first time since 1983 , when a Soviet jet fighter deliberately shot down a South Korean Boeing 747 , Russia stands entangled in such a horrendous tragedy . We remember that an objective investigation of that catastrophe was made possible only 10 years later , after the USSR collapsed . We would not like to have to wait that long to learn the truth about the tragedy of MH17 . Indeed , the guilty must be promptly punished . We are encouraged with the growing understanding in both the West and the East of the nature of terrorism in eastern Ukraine . While U.S. senators and European Union ministers already consider designating the Donetsk People 's Republic and its Luhansk twin as terrorist organizations , we expect Russia to halt its support to terrorists . Since most of them are Russian citizens and "  former " security service officers , we also urge Moscow to take them away from Ukraine . They must go home . Russian sponsorship of terrorism in Ukraine amply demonstrates that in the 21st century any regional conflict invariably poses a threat to global security . International and internal terrorism , as well as unbridled export of conventional and high-tech weaponry , have no regard for state borders , national sovereignty or human lives . Ukraine has been consistently advocating not only international control of nuclear weapons , but today we also stand for the creation of a universal mechanism for international control of conventional arms . We strive for a world based on the respect for international law and trust between nations . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Pavlo Klimkin : With downing of MH17 , price of peace in eastern Ukraine already too high Klimkin : Ukrainians know bitterness of loss , share grief with families of the deceased He says the guilty must be promptly punished
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- On "  The Daily Show , " Jon Stewart captured the frustration that many of President Obama 's supporters have felt over the past week as one scandal after another cascaded into the White House . After starting with a predictable riff accusing Bill O'Reilly of ignoring facts when attacking the Obama administration , Stewart turned to the IRS story , banged on his desk , and yelled out curses . Stewart then blasted the administration for the revelation that the IRS had given extra scrutiny to right-wing organizations . "  Explanation please , " Stewart said , before playing some comedic clips of Lois Lerner , the official in charge of handling tax-exempt organizations at the IRS , who admits she is not good at math . "  Well , congratulations , President Barack Obama , " Stewart went on to say . "  Conspiracy theorists , who generally can survive in anaerobic environments , have just had an algae bloom dropped on their f ***** g heads . Thus removing the last arrow in your pro-governance quiver . ... This has , in one seismic moment , shifted the burden of proof from the tinfoil-behatted to the government . " Opinion : Will scandals stall Obama agenda ? This was just one of the scandals to rock the administration within the week . The media also reported that the Justice Department had conducted a surveillance operation focusing on journalists for The Associated Press , in an effort to find the source behind a leaked story about a foiled terrorist attack . Many liberal Democrats were frustrated and shocked that the administration had permitted the seizure of the phone records , the kind of activities they would certainly have railed against had they happened under President George W. Bush . Although there is no evidence that Obama was involved in either of these incidents -- and many Republicans are clearly trying to use them to drum up a narrative about a scandal-ridden presidency -- the combination left many Democrats , like Stewart , scratching their heads , wondering what happened to the president who promised when he ran in 2008 to transform the way politics worked . Despite controversies , Obama approval rating holds steady It is still too early to know all the facts and what the president 's role has been . Nonetheless , some of the frustration that Obama 's supporters feel comes from ways in which this White House has too often accepted politics as usual rather than embarking on the transformative changes that he once promised . While many of the president 's supporters insist that he has delivered on his promise to push forward a bold policy agenda , few would say that he has fulfilled his goal of changing the way that politics works . What happened ? Since the resignation of President Richard Nixon over Watergate , most presidential candidates have run on the promise to fix a broken Washington . Jimmy Carter , whose 1976 campaign revolved around the basic promise that you could trust him , perfected this message and style of campaigning . In one way or another , every candidate -- including Obama 's predecessor , Bush -- has assured voters he would reform government and transform politics . But the change does n't happen . Within four years , as Carter discovered , the new boss looks like the old boss and "  the system " seems the same . Most presidents realize once they are in office that reforming Washington will consume too much of their political capital , generating more enemies among their opponents as well as within their own party , and the results of any such initiative will probably be negligible . Instead , once in office , presidents tend to embrace the role of politician and turn their attention to bread-and-butter issues that will matter much more to voters on Election Day . The easiest way to achieve policy goals is by working through the existing system rather than trying to remake things . Transformation is also difficult simply because the size and scale of the executive branch have grown so much over the past century , vastly increasing the odds that things can go wrong . Within each agency , there are multiple opportunities for unethical bureaucrats , sometimes without presidential knowledge , to do bad things . This is part of the reason there have been such strong advocates , on the right and the left , calling for greater -- though less politicized -- congressional oversight and tighter rules to constrain wrongdoing . Opinion : For Obama , it 's no more Mr. Nice Media In certain respects , the burden , as Stewart points out , is greater for liberals , given the centrality of government to their agenda . Over the past decades the vast expansion of executive power through the homeland security program has also increased the possibilities for wrongdoing . People should not be surprised that the Justice Department was so aggressive with the AP phone records . After all , Obama has kept most of Bush 's homeland security program in place and has conducted an extraordinarily aggressive program to contain any leaks that threaten the system . In defense of the government 's actions , Attorney General Eric Holder said the leak that it was investigating "  put the American people at risk . " Reforming government has also fallen victim to the hyperpartisan polarization that defines Washington . From day one in the White House , Obama has faced an incredibly hostile Republican Party , unwilling to support almost anything he does . This vastly diminished the incentives for him to try to find bipartisan support for reform initiatives , which usually generate a lot of opposition from interests who thrive in the status quo and are rarely priorities for voters on Election Day . With campaign finance , another area where Obama has greatly disappointed his supporters , Obama decided that the only way to beat the Republicans would be to raise and spend as much money as they did . That prompted his decision to turn down federal financing for his campaigns , bringing an end to the post-Watergate reforms , and leading to reliance on the Super PACs he once criticized . None of this is meant to excuse the kinds of activities that have recently been revealed . But Americans should not be surprised that the promise of reform vanished under Obama and that the problems of government he inherited have not gone away . Obama to new grads : ` No time for excuses ' Ultimately , we will need politicians who are willing to take huge risks in tackling some of the underlying problems with government -- or a scandal so severe that it creates real political pressure for incumbents to do something -- if we are to strengthen our processes and reduce the risks of the kinds of stories we saw this past week . Scandals can prod elected officials to take reform seriously . Following Watergate , a scandal far worse than what we have seen thus far , Congress and the president adopted a number of major government reforms that included a new campaign finance system , ethics rules , the Office of the Independent Counsel , and much more . While Carter has been criticized for many of his failings on domestic and foreign policy , his decision to move forward with reforms in the wake of Watergate stands as one of his biggest achievements . Perhaps Obama should use this moment as an opportunity to be bold and to return to some of the fundamental ideas for reform that he raised in embarking on his journey to the White House . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Jon Stewart expressed frustration of Obama supporters over IRS scandal Obama has not delivered on promises to change Washington , says Julian Zelizer He says Obama , like other reform-minded presidents , chose to work within the system Zelizer : Some scandals have prodded politicians to push for transformative change
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Tensions eased in the northern Indian state of Punjab on Tuesday , following widespread violence across the region after a Sikh guru was shot to death and another was wounded at an Indian temple in Vienna , Austria . Sikh demonstrators brandish sticks as they shout slogans during a protest in Amritsar . The situation was tense , but under control , Punjab 's inspector general of police said Tuesday morning . The army and federal security forces were called in to restore order , added inspector general Parag Jain . Thousands took part in demonstrations across the Doaba region , where protesters attacked public transportation , knocking out train service in some areas . They also blocked a national highway to Jammu , CNN sister network CNN-IBN reported . A number of businesses were ransacked as well . Police reported one death . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , himself a Sikh , appealed for calm , in a statement . "  There is no place for violence in a secular society like India 's and certainly no excuse whatsoever for the violation of the sacred premises of a  Sikh temple  for narrow sectarian or other purposes , " India 's Ministry of External Affairs said in a statement . Killed in Sunday 's attack in Vienna was 57-year-old Sant Rama Nand . A second guru , Sant Niranjan Dass , 68 , was seriously injured . His health has improved noticeably , according to the Indian Embassy , the Austria News Agency reported . Fifteen others were also wounded . "  Sant Niranjan Dass is doing well , " the embassy said . "  He could soon be released from the hospital . " Six people were arrested in connection with the attack , which occurred Sunday afternoon in Vienna 's 15th district , police spokesman Schwaig Hofar told CNN . One suspect shot the two gurus , and five other attackers wielding knives assaulted people in the congregation during prayer , Hofar said . Four of the wounded were suspects , two of them in serious condition , he said . About 150 people were in the room when the violence took place , he said . Authorities are investigating what triggered the attacks , but Austrian Interior Minister Maria Fekter said Sikhs have lived "  exceptionally peacefully " in Austria . CNN 's Ben Brumfeld and Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Tensions ease in Punjab after widespread violence over Sikh guru 's death Sant Rama Nand shot dead in temple in Vienna , Austria ; another guru wounded Situation remains tense in Punjab , police say ; also unrest in Doaba region Several businesses ransacked , one person reported dead , according to police
CNN  -- Arizona schools superintendent John Huppenthal has told the Tucson district to stop teaching its controversial Mexican-American studies program or face losing $ 15 million in annual state aid under a new law , he said Tuesday . Huppenthal told CNN he was backing this week 's decision by exiting state superintendent Tom Horne giving the state 's second largest district 60 days to comply with a new 2011 law banning certain ethnic studies programs in public schools . Horne is now Arizona 's new attorney general , and Huppenthal was sworn in Monday as the newly elected Arizona schools superintendent . Both men are Republicans . The new schools law is the latest controversy in a state already roiled by an immigration crackdown law , known as SB 1070 , that is being challenged on constitutional grounds in federal court . The Arizona-Mexico border is considered the nation 's busiest for illegal immigration . Tucson school board member Adelita Grijalva charged that the new law provided no due process and was unconstitutional . She said the new law was part of an anti-immigrant political climate in the Arizona statehouse . She and Huppenthal said they expected this new law to also end up in court . "  People of color in the state of Arizona are under attack , " Grijalva told CNN . "  We 're basically going from one battle to the next . " The law authorizes the state superintendent to stop any ethnic studies classes that promote the overthrow of the U.S. government , promote resentment toward a race or class of people , are designed primarily for pupils of a particular ethnic group or advocate ethnic solidarity instead of the treatment of pupils as individuals . In written findings Monday , Horne said the Tucson program violated all four criteria . Huppenthal said the Tucson program is "  in clear violation " of the new law because they 're designed for pupils of a particular ethnic group . Tucson educators who have challenged the constitutionality of the new law in court have defended the Mexican-American studies program as no different than African-American or Native American studies classes . Added Grijalva : "  What we 're doing is teaching a course that is a history course with a Mexican-American perspective . I do n't understand what is so scary about that concept . " Huppenthal , who was a state legislator for 18 years and was the chairman of the Arizona Senate education committee , said he was serious about enforcing a $ 15 million-a-year penalty that both sides agree would devastate Tucson schools , if the district does n't end the ethnic studies program . That penalty is 10 percent of the state 's aid to the Tucson system , whose total operating budget is $ 450 million a year , officials said . "  Make no doubt about it . They should n't be under any illusion on this thing , " Huppenthal told CNN . "  We 're going to proceed forward . These are serious issues . " The Tucson Unified School District 's governing board has told the state in a letter that it "  supports " the classes , which it says complies with the new law . "  TUSD administration supports its ethnic studies programs , and we are encouraged by the real and lasting impact that these programs provide to all TUSD students , " the letter stated , according to the board 's website . Also Monday , Tucson superintendent John Pedicone told administrators and employees that he would n't tolerate any student walkouts protesting the state superintendent 's actions . Pedicone also encouraged principals to arrange a time in the school gym for students to "  express their view and discuss the pros and cons of the new law in a constructive manner , " he said in a letter that was posted on the system 's website . "  If a student leaves campus to participate in a protest or walkout , there will be consequences in accordance with school procedure and governing board policy , " Pedicone said . Huppenthal said he observed one of Tucson 's ethnic studies classes last year . "  When I came into a classroom , they were portraying Ben Franklin as a racist , " Huppenthal said . "  Ben Franklin was the president of the Abolitionist Society in Pennsylvania . ... So they are vilifying Ben Franklin in this classroom , and up on the wall , they got a poster of Che Guevara , and the historical record is that he helped direct the communist death camps in Cuba by killing many dissidents . "  We just have a lot of concerns about the classes , " Huppenthal said . Huppenthal said he was going to broaden his public discussion about the Tucson district to include how some Tucson public schools , particularly those serving low-income minority students , are among the worst in the country . He said he was planning a new accountability system measuring the performance of each school district . "  When we do our rankings and compare the data , a number of the schools in the Tucson Unified School District are among the bottom three in the nation , " Huppenthal said . "  In their failure to serve these kids academically , we see the same failure in their response to the community concerns about these  ethnic studies  classes , " Huppenthal added . "  I 'm a fan of Ronald Reagan and he primarily relied on persuasion . I want to use the energy associated with this one issue to get the Tucson Unified School District to examine itself . " Tucson 's ethnic studies program , created in 1998 and initially called "  Mexican American/Raza Studies , " has been effective in reducing dropout rates among Latino students , as well as discipline problems , poor attendance and failure rates , teachers said . In October , 11 Tucson teachers sued the state board of education and superintendent over the new law , calling it an "  anti-Hispanic " ban on Mexican-American studies .	A new 2011 Arizona law bans ethnic studies programs that "  advocate ethnic solidarity " The Tucson school system has been teaching Mexican-American studies since 1998 Arizona 's new superintendent threatens to withhold $ 15M a year from Tucson schools
Ebola is brutal . Those afflicted often bleed uncontrollably , vomit profusely , lose function of their kidneys and other organs , and -- in over half the cases recently in West Africa -- die . So faced with the prospect of coming face-to-face with this terrible illness at their Atlanta hospital , where its first documented Ebola cases ever are soon set to arrive , what did two nurses do ? They canceled their vacation . "  They said , ` We have been training for this , ' " Dr. Bruce Ribner , who heads the Emory University Hospital unit where the two Americans with Ebola will be treated , told CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta -- himself a neurosurgery professor at Emory . " ` We are not going to miss this opportunity to care for this patient . " Online and on street corners , in homes and in businesses , the idea of purposefully bringing Ebola into the United States has rattled the nerves of many . Ebola coming to U.S. for first time There is lots of evidence of this sentiment on Twitter , where some opined that "  we 're being very foolish " -- and that 's one of the kinder remarks . "  Why willingly bring infected ebola victims to this country ? " wrote one woman . "  Why purposely spread the infection ? " But you wo n't hear that kind of thing at Emory University Hospital . According to Ribner , it 's been just the opposite . "  As I came in this morning , I had people congratulating us for accepting these patients . " They know how the virus spreads Yes , Ebola in the United States is unprecedented . But that does n't mean experts do n't know anything about it . Talking to reporters Friday , Ribner said that Ebola spreads much like HIV , Hepatitis B or C -- through the transmission of bodily fluids , not by simply being in the same room as someone infected . It 's not like someone is contagious the second they are infected . The virus does n't spread until that person shows symptoms , which typically takes two to 21 days , according to the World Health Organization . Those working at Emory also can take comfort in that they have a unique place -- one of only four such facilities in the United States , according to Ribner -- to treat such a contagious disease . What you need to know The isolation unit was created 12 years ago in conjunction with experts from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , which is based down the street . It features "  special air handling , " strict protocols on everything and everyone who goes in and out of a patient 's room , and other measures to ensure that any potential dangers are contained . Everything is thought out , right down to how visitors can interact with patients . They can be within 1 to 2 inches of each other , looking through a plate-glass window and talking through an intercom . It 's a unique facility that 's rarely used . Ribner said it was last activated a couple of years ago , when someone came from Angola amid a Marburg virus outbreak . "  It 's kind of like an insurance policy , " the Emory physician said . "  You can complain about the fact that you did n't collect on your ... policy or you can say -- as in this case -- ` Boy , we 're lucky we 've been supporting you all these years because now we really need you . ' And it would be really challenging to develop this on the fly . " Giving the body a chance to fight back The renowned hospital 's wide variety of tools will be put to ample use given how Ebola -- without the existence of any FDA-approved treatments -- will be addressed at Emory : using what Ribner calls "  supportive care . " That means carefully tracking a patient 's symptoms , vital signs and organ function and taking measures , such as blood transfusions and dialysis , to keep him or her as stable as possible . "  We just have to keep the patient alive long enough in order for the body to control this infection , " Ribner explained . What the Emory doctor does n't have , as American patients Nancy Writebol and Dr. Kent Brantly arrive for treatment at his hospital , is hesitation or trepidation . Ribner told reporters he has "  no concerns " about his health or that of his colleagues . Another person who also did n't express any worry was Ribner 's wife . "  My wife knew when she was getting into when she married an infectious disease doctor ... It went fine , " he said of his conversation with his wife . "  She said , ` Great , that 's what you 've been dreaming for 12 years . ' " Ebola doctor in Sierra Leone dies	Two Americans with Ebola are being transported to Atlanta hospital Emory University facility has a rarely used isolation unit for those with infectious diseases Idea of bringing Ebola into the United States has frightened some , but not at Emory Doctor says he 's been congratulated and that staff is looking forward to the cases
CNN  -- It was a fable made famous by football -- now Japan 's rising tennis star Kei Nishikori is doing his best to dismiss the long-held sporting notion that size does matter . Of the sports ' top 15 players , only two are shorter than 6 ' 0 " -- Nishikori , who stands at 5 '10 and Spain 's current world No. 5 David Ferrer who is an inch shorter than the Japanese player . The world 's top four players - Roger Federer , Novak Djokovic , Andy Murray and Rafael Nadal - are all over 6 ' 0 , while six of the top 15 are 6 ' 5 " or taller . Height is particularly important in tennis as it makes a player 's service harder to return because of the power , height and bounce that can be generated by the server . So the tallest player of all time Ivo Karlovic , who is 6 "  10 ' , is capable of serving at 251km/hr . The 22-year-old Nishikori relies on a vast array of ground strokes and blistering speed to counteract the power he often faces in opponents that sometimes tower nearly a foot over him . And he is slowly proving this supposed disadvantage can be his primary weapon , as his finest year to date unfolds . In 2012 he became the first Japanese man to reach the quarterfinals of the Australian Open in 80 years and the first Japanese player to win his home nation 's most prestigious tournament in its 40-year history . His 7-6 3-6 6-0 win over the 6 ' 4 " Milos Raonic earlier in October was also the first time Nishikori had won a trophy since Delray Beach in 2008 . With the help of veteran Nick Bollettieri -- the coach Nishikori calls the greatest in the history of the game -- and Dante Bottini , the Japanese star currently sits proudly as the 15th best player in the world . "  I am not the tallest guy on tour so I have to have good legs and good speed and that 's my weapon , " Japan 's rising son told CNN 's Open Court show , as he reflected on the task of taking on the giant , fast-serving titans of the modern game . . "  It 's not easy to play with big servers because , for me , it 's hard to hold my serve . It is getting better but still , not easy . Not as easy as tall guys . "  I think I have a good return . I still struggle . I have good speed ; I have to cover with my legs . I can do different things than those tall guys . Its not easy but I have to mix the shots . " Technique wins out The "  size matters " myth has been ground to dust in other sports in recent years . It was a theory that held steadfast in soccer until countries like world champions Spain , and Germany , moved away from height and physical strength as a cornerstone of their philosophy , turning to a new generation of more diminutive , technically gifted players . The most dominant European club side of recent years has been Spanish giants Barcelona , whose players make up the nucleus of an all-conquering Spain team . Among their ranks is Argentina striker Lionel Messi , considered by many to be one of the finest footballers in history , who stands just 5 ' 6 " tall . As for Bollettieri , who has honed the talents of players like Andre Agassi and Serena Williams at his famous Florida academy , he is in no doubt Nishikori 's nimbleness around the court is his main weapon in his battle against more lofty opponents . "  Kei is a shot maker , " Bollettieri told CNN . "  And when he 's on , he can beat anybody in the world . Now remember , Kei is not a big guy . So he has to be very careful to take advantage of the opportunities when he gets them . "  If you 're small , it 's more difficult , no matter what anybody says . If you look at today , probably the height of the guys is 6 ' 2 " , 6 ' 3 " , the ladies up at 5 ' 9 " , 5 ' 10 " , Sharapova 6 ' 3 " , Venus 6 ' 2 " . "  So you take that as fact and you do n't throw in the white towel and say ' I ca n't do it ' . What Kei has , he has mobility , he creates and he has unbelievable hands and feet that you ca n't purchase . "  So he has to keep adding , keep working on any defensive balls , come to the net a little bit more , and this is what Dante is working on . If he stays status quo , he 'll win a lot of matches . "  But to be among the big boys and to break that top 10 , which we all feel he will do , he probably will have to add a little bit more transition to his game . " Role model Nishikori 's dramatic progress this season has mirrored that of Formula One driver Komui Kobayashi ; both men hoping to act as a catalyst for burgeoning interest in their respective sports . "  Basically , in Japan , they 're not giants , " added Bollettieri . "  You look at some of the good players , they 're very strong , good ground strokes , " he said . "  It gives hope , and you get more people out there playing the game . The more people that play the game increases your chances of having good players , great players , and hopefully some day a champion . " Nishikori 's recent victory in the Japan Open , when he became the first Japanese player to claim the title since the competition began in 1972 , has only strengthened the belief within his camp that a grand slam title is within reach . The 22-year-old 's epic victory over France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga at the Australian Open in January saw him become the first player from Japan to make the last eight in Melbourne since 1932 . And with time on his side , the hope is that Nishikori could finally end Japan 's long wait for a major champion . "  Of course I want to win grand slams , " he said . "  I think everyone is the same . But my favourite tournaments are the U.S. Open and the French Open -- those two I like . So hopefully I can win one of the grand slams . " ` Project 45 ' Nishikori 's first ATP Tour title at Delray Beach came at the tender age of 18 when he was still outside the top 240 players in the world . It was Japan 's first tournament success since Shuzuo Matsuoka won the Seoul Open in 1992 . It also served as justification for his family 's decision to send him to Bollettieri 's academy as a 13-year-old , even though he spoke not a word of English . "  The first year was tough , because without English I was really shy so I could n't speak much with friends , " explained Nishikori . "  But I was enjoying playing tennis all day . I would start playing tennis from 7am until 5pm , so that was fun for me . " His Delray Beach triumph gave rise to what became known as ` Project 45 ' in Japan . Positively Orwellian in title , it was actually Nishikori 's mission to overhaul Matsuoka 's career best ranking of 46 -- the highest any Japanese player has ever reached . Nishikori broke through that particular barrier at last year 's Shanghai Masters and now has his sights set on the top 10 . Should he do that , Nishikori might have to increase his wardrobe of disguises , to avoid being mobbed on home soil . "  In Japan it is a bit crazy . I have to hide -- I have to wear caps , sunglasses , masks . I look weird but sometimes I have to do that . Like when I go shopping everybody starts tailing to me and I ca n't concentrate to shop ! "	Japan 's Kei Nishikori has reached a career high ranking of 15 in the men 's game The 22-year-old recently won the Japan Open and became first home winner in 40-years Nishikori is another product of coach Nick Bolletieri 's famous Florida academy He makes up for lack of height with on-court speed and a vast array of winners
It 's official , Crimea is Russian . In the words of Vladimir Putin , "  In people 's hearts and minds , Crimea has always been an inseparable part of Russia . " Indeed Russia said that in Sunday 's referendum 97 % of its participants , mostly ethnic Russians , insisted that to belong to the Great Russia versus Small Russia  Malorossiya , another name for Ukraine  had been their dream for 60 years since the Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev , my great-grandfather , transferred the peninsula 's jurisdiction to Kiev . In his address to Parliament on March 18 announcing the annexation , Putin said that by this Khrushchev action Russia was not "  simply robbed , it was plundered . " There are many reasons for transfer that Putin could have outlined : administrative , economic , desire to overcome Joseph Stalin 's legacy of central control . Yet he chose to say my great-grandfather was atoning for "  the mass repressions of the 1930s in Ukraine . " Well , Khrushchev became the First Secretary of the Ukrainian Communist Party in 1938 , when most of the repressions -- namely Holodomor , the Great Famine , brought in part by Stalin 's heavy industrialization -- were over . It is rich of the Russian President to accuse Khrushchev of repressions . What about Stalin , the true tyrant ? Putin is not Stalin , of course , not yet , but he sees himself walking in the dictator 's shoes : he adds lands to the great Russia , while other sorry leaders like Khrushchev only squandered it away . Not that Khrushchev , a Soviet autocrat , shied away from brutality , indeed participating in repressions and purges -- that was the style of the times . Nonetheless , after Stalin 's death in 1953 his goal was to decentralize the Communist monolith , hence the Crimea transfer . No stranger to propaganda -- Communism excelled in arguing Soviet superiority over ethnic national pride , Ukrainian or any other , as well as over decadent and dying capitalism -- Khrushchev still would have cringed at Putin 's distortions . "  Kiev is the mother of Russian cities . Ancient Rus is our common source and we can not live without each other , " the president said , implying that given this closeness Russia must have control over the Malorossian territory . Khrushchev too thought that Ukraine and Russia were almost one -- after all a symbolic reason for the 1954 transfer was the 300th anniversary of the Ukrainian-Russian unification . But he would think of them as equal nations , assigning the original primacy to the 9th century Kiev , not to Moscow , which until the 1100s was just an obscure place in the woods . Khrushchev , who valued diversity  as much as the Soviet despot could  would have condemned the Putin Doctrine -- development of the military industrial complex based on the Kremlin-centric heavy industry and export of raw materials . In Soviet times that complex was a staple of the economy , as the main slogan of the Kremlin was the class struggle against global imperialism . And even if my great-grandfather used that argument in Budapest , sending tanks to suppress the 1956 Hungarian Revolution , a popular uprising against hardline communism , he lamented similar tactics in 1968 when his successor Leonid Brezhnev squashed the Prague Spring . Under Brezhnev this kind of incursions into neighboring territories became known as the Brezhnev Doctrine . It declared that forces hostile to socialism should not be tolerated , and to cement this argument in 1979 the USSR send troops to Afghanistan to provide security to its recently formed Democratic Republic . Khrushchev died in 1971 and did n't see what harm the Afghan war did to his country -- thousands of lives lost and the economy strained by the time it withdrew with defeat exactly a quarter of a century ago -- but he , who in retirement spoke candidly of his and Communism 's mistakes , would have been horrified by the stanchness of the Kremlin 's patterns . Today Putin would undoubtedly suggest that Crimea is not different from Afghanistan . Speaking to the veterans about the Afghan invasion in February 2004 , he explained there were legitimate geopolitical reasons to protect the Soviet Central Asian border . Now citing security of nations within Moscow 's sphere of influence he has justified the Ukraine territorial takeover . What 's more , in the Brezhnev era the expansionist policies of the military industrial complex were a result of the oil prosperity . After the 1973 oil crisis its prices reached 41 dollars a barrel by 1981 . They provided some material comforts to the Soviets , fueled their belief in the USSR 's stability and strength . Similarly , with oil at around $ 100 a barrel in recent decades , the GDP growth under Putin -- up 8 % until just a few years ago -- allowed Russians to live well like never before , also cultivating a sense of superiority . The success of the Sochi Olympics last month has only made it greater . In fact the Crimeans ' desire to join Russia is partially based on their trust that Putin will turn them into another Sochi , with posh hotels and pristine beaches . But the cost of upgrading or rebuilding the peninsula 's economic and social infrastructure will range from $ 10 billion  300 billion rubles  to $ 85 billion  3 trillion rubles  . Can Russia really foot that bill ? A bitter lesson from the Brezhnev USSR is that the state , driven by an undiversified and oil-based economy , runs out of funds to support its extra territories because nationalistic emotions take over economic calculations . Russian inflexible financial system was suffering even before the Ukrainian crisis began . Last year 's forecasts suggest that in the next 15 years Russia 's growth rate would fall from 4.3 % to 2.5 % if it keeps its raw material focus . Now with the United States , Europe and Japan hitting the Kremlin with sanctions -- account freezes and visa bans for the high level Putin government officials -- further economic downturn is inevitable . The Brezhnev Doctrine -- defense of socialism through expansion and the military industrial complex -- had led to the inglorious Soviet collapse . The doomsday of the Putin Doctrine must be approaching fast .	Putin says when Khrushchev handed Crimea to Ukraine , Russia was not "  simply robbed , it was plundered " Nina Khrushcheva says it 's unfair to blame her great-grandfather for the act - Stalin was the real villain , she says Further economic downturn is now inevitable , she says due to the economic sanctions imposed by the West
CNN  -- Cairo native and jewelry designer to the stars , Azza Fahmy , reveals her favorite sights , restaurants and activities in the Egyptian capital . Designer Azza Fahmy scours Cairo 's souks , mosques and streets to find inspiration for her jewels . MUST SEE PLACES : Sultan Hassan Mosque -- Considered one of the masterpieces of Mamluk architecture . The building was commissioned by Sultan Hassan bin Al-Nasir Muhammad bin Qalawun in 1356 AD as a mosque and religious school for all four branches of Sunni Islam . The mosque is featured on the Egyptian one-hundred pound note . Address : Al-Qal ' a street , Islamic Cairo Islamic Museum -- Established in 1881 , the museum displays 10,200 pieces from Egypt 's different Islamic eras , including the Fatimid , Ottoman and Persian periods . Address : Bab El Khalq Square in the Egyptian library . Take Port Saed Square to reach the intersection with Muhammad Ali St. in Ahmad Maher Square . Opening Hours : Saturday through Thursday : 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. . ; Fridays : 9:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. and 1:30 p.m. to 4 p.m. Coptic Museum -- Recently reopened after renovations , the museum showcases the largest collection of Egyptian Christian artifacts in the world . It was founded by Marcus Simaika Pasha in 1910 to house Coptic antiquities . The museum traces the history of Christianity in Egypt from its beginnings to the present day . It also includes a beautiful garden -- a wonderful place to relax . Address : Religious Compound , Precinct of the old Roman Babylon Fort , Old Cairo . Across the street from the Mar Girgis Metro station . Phone Number : +20.2.362.8766 and +20.2.363.9742 Beit El Seheimy -- A historic Ottoman restored house . It is one of the best examples of a rich private house dating back to 17th century Egypt . Address : El Moez Street , Fatimid Area close to Khan al Khalili . Beit El Keretleya -- Another authentic Ottoman House in Old Cairo . ACTIVITIES Felucca ride -- Feluccas are the traditional Egyptian sailboats of the Nile . Perfect for catching the breeze on a hot summer night , for brisker sails the rest of the year , and catching the sunset anytime . Feluccas are usually furnished with cushions around the circumference and a table fixed in the middle , where one can enjoy picnic-style lunches or dinners while enjoying a different view of the metropolis . Address : They are usually parked on the side of the Nile in unique spots , including along the Corniche across the street from the Four Seasons on the Nile in the Garden City area of Cairo . Horseback riding aside the pyramids -- Pick up horses at an area called "  Nazlet el seman " close to the pyramids . Camel ride -- At the pyramids Hantour ride -- A horse carriage that goes around certain streets of Cairo , usually by the Corniche . Walk around -- Downtown streets , particularly Wist el Balad . PLACES TO EAT : Abu El Sid -- Famous , though pricey , restaurant featuring Egyptian cuisine . Also a night spot . The mezzes are delicious , as are the mulukheya served with chicken or pigeon . Address : 157 , 26th of July street , Zamalek . Phone : +20.2.749.7326 Felfela -- Authentic Egyptian fast food chain . The nicest outlets are in downtown Cairo or Haram/Pyramids Street  all you need to tell a cab is felfela Wist el balad or Haram street  . Best for breakfast . Felfela is a good place to taste such Egyptian staples as shorbat ads  lentil soup  , tasty with a squeeze of lemon ; taamiya  the local version of falafel  ; and ful  stewed fava beans served in a variety of ways  . Address : 15 Shara Hoda Sharaawi , Downtown Cairo . Phone : +20.2.392.2833 Abu Shakra -- Moderately priced Egyptian cuisine . Known for its grilled meats and the Egyptian delicacy , stuffed pigeon . Branches in Maadi , Heliopolis , Downtown , & Mohandeseen . Address : Heliopolis 82 Marghani Street Cairo . Phone number : +20.2.418.9888 El Omda -- Try the local specialty -- Kushari , a base of rice , lentils , chick peas , macaroni , with a topping of Egyptian garlic , vinegar and spicy tomato sauce . Inexpensive . They also serve Egyptian dishes such as kofta , grilled chicken and a selection of salads . Address : 6 El-Gazayer St. , Mohandesseen area behind the Atlas Hotel off Gameat El Dowal Street in Cairo , Egypt . Phone : +20.2.346.2701 . Opening Hours : noon until 2:00 am . Andrea -- Located near the Pyramids , this large restaurant features a spacious air-conditioned dining room with a fireplace for winter and a much-lauded garden terrace for summer . Soft lighting , pleasant views and the sizzle of the outdoor grill create a relaxed ambience . Roasted chicken is the house speciality . Kebabs , kofte and quails are also prepared on patio grills . Portions are generous , local beer and wine are served . No desserts . Address : 59 Teraat el-Maryotteya St. Cairo . Phone : +20.2.383.1133 Opening Hours : Noon-midnight daily .	Must see the Sultan Hassan Mosque Take a ride on a felucca on the Nile Eat on Andrea 's garden terrace in the summer Ride a camel or a horse at the Pyramids
CNN  -- It was supposed to be a good week for the White House . President Obama would celebrate the passage of Wall Street reform , and Democrats would move toward the midterms with some wind at their backs . But on a day the president signed the landmark legislation , the narrative from the White House was more contrite than laudatory . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs apologized on behalf of the administration for what former Agriculture Department employee Shirley Sherrod had been through this week and that , to his knowledge , no one from the White House ordered her ouster . Questions about Sherrod dominated the media briefings in a week the administration hoped would be focused on the most sweeping overhaul of the financial system since the New Deal . Sherrod was forced to resign because of a misleading video of a speech she delivered at an NAACP event . Conservative blogger Andrew Breitbart posted a portion of an address she gave in which she spoke of not offering her full support to a white farmer . However , it was later determined that her speech , unedited , focused on how the incident changed her outlook and made her realize people should move beyond race . The NAACP retracted its original condemnation of Sherrod 's remarks and issued a statement saying it was "  snookered by Fox News " and Breitbart . Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack apologized to Sherrod and offered her a new job . "  This is a good woman . She has been put through hell , " Vilsack said . "  I want to renew the commitment of this department to a new era in civil rights . I want to close the chapter on a very difficult period in civil rights . " Sam Fulwood III , a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress , said he thinks the administration 's initial reaction was spawned out of fear over how the right-wing media would cover the incident . He said administration officials "  allowed themselves to be bullied into doing something without thinking about it . " "  The White House , the administration , the Agriculture Department , whomever ... allowed themselves to be bullied into doing something without thinking about it , " said Fulwood . Instead of summoning Sherrod , reviewing the speech and asking what happened , the administration failed to knock down the lies and disseminate the truth , he said . "  If they had done this in Ms. Sherrod 's case , they would be looking pretty . They would have done great legislative work , and they would have scored a PR coup . As it turns out , the legislative works gets obscured , " and they are taking a PR-hit , Fulwood said . Fulwood said that Obama 's problems stem from opinions being traded as though they are facts . Throughout Obama 's time in office , the administration has done a weak job of quashing rumors , such as claims Obama was born in Indonesia , studied at a madrasa and has a forged birth certificate , he said . "  I think if he is able to articulate an honest reaction to these nonsensical stories , they 'll be exposed for what they are -- nothing . And that 's exactly what the case was with Shirley Sherrod , " Fulwood added . Obama spoke to Sherrod by phone Thursday and expressed his regret about what transpired this week . He further said this misfortune "  can present an opportunity for her to continue her hard work on behalf of those in need , and he hopes that she will do so , " according to a White House statement . The call came exactly a year after Obama made a surprise appearance at a media briefing to discuss the controversial arrest of Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. . The president , Gates and the arresting officer , Sgt. James Crowley , later met for a "  beer summit " to discuss the event that sparked a nationwide debate about racial profiling . The Congressional Black Caucus this week said it 's time for a national dialogue on race . Gibbs called the incident "  one of those teachable moments " and said that while he was unaware of plans for a broader discussion , he would n't rule it out . John Quelch , professor of marketing at Harvard Business School , said that though the administration should have avoided this situation in the first place , the damage control has been rapid and effective . As for a national discussion on race , Quelch said it 's not an issue the administration is interested in addressing in a high-profile manner right now . But , he said , the White House now must balance "  the need to cope with emergency distractions versus the desire to stay on course with the longer-term agenda . " "  Obviously the objective is to remove this unscheduled story from media coverage in order to highlight the landmark financial reform legislation , " he said . By Friday afternoon , Obama was trying to get back on message before the weekend . In an event added to the president 's schedule Friday morning , he tried to remind Americans what had been overshadowed during the week . "  So , taken together , we made enormous progress this week on Wall Street reform , on making sure that we 're eliminating waste and abuse in government and in providing immediate assistance to people who are out there looking for work . "	Discussion about Shirley Sherrod dominates White House news briefings this week Celebration of Wall Street legislation reform lost in the mix for Democrats White House allowed itself to be bullied by right-wing media , Fulwood says Congressional Black Caucus says it 's time for a national dialogue on race
CNN  -- It is possible more U.S. troops could be added in Afghanistan if the new U.S. commander there needs them , but Defense Secretary Robert Gates said he does not expect a significant increase . U.S. Marines sweep for bombs in Afghanistan this week . During a visit to troops at Fort Drum , New York , on Thursday , Gates said he is waiting to hear what Gen. Stanley McChrystal recommends after he completes a review of operations in Afghanistan . McChrystal is expected to complete a classified report for Gates by the end of this month , assessing where the war stands , and what needs to be done . He will tell Gates whether he needs more U.S. troops to fight the escalating conflict , according to a senior U.S. military official . Gates asked McChrystal to "  state his requirements for resources , " said the official -- who did not want to be identified because the report is not completed . The review is also expected to recommend that the number of Afghan troops be increased beyond the goal of 134,000 , other military sources said . During a speech and question-and-answer session with troops at Fort Drum , Gates acknowledged he would consider a recommendation to boost U.S. troops beyond the level of 68,000 already approved . "  We 'll see what Gen. McChrystal recommends , " he said . "  But I think there will not be a significant increase in troop levels in Afghanistan beyond the 68,000 , at least probably through the end of the year . Maybe some increase , but not a lot . " Gates has made clear in the past he is reluctant to approve additional major increases in troop levels , preferring to keep the U.S. at a lower profile in the nation . About 57,000 U.S. troops are in Afghanistan , with the other 11,000 to arrive by the end of this year . Gates has said he wants to see if that level of troops would be sufficient . Gates ' press secretary , Geoff Morrell , told CNN the Fort Drum comments "  are not necessarily a foreshadowing of what 's to come . " He said Gates "  does n't want to impose an artificial troop cap on the commander , " but does want to see if the strategy can be carried out with the approved troop levels .	Defense secretary would consider it if U.S. commander says he needs more Gen. Stanley McChrystal preparing review of operation for Gates Still , Secretary Gates said , any amount over 68,000 approved would not be much Wants low U.S. profile in Afghanistan , chance to see if 68,000 is enough
CNN  -- Singer Stephen Gately , a member of the Irish band Boyzone , died Saturday while vacationing on the Spanish island of Majorca , the group 's Web site said Sunday . Stephen Gately was on Majorca with his partner , Andrew , when he died , according to Boyzone 's Web site . His four bandmates were to travel to Majorca , the posting said . Gately , 33 , was in Majorca with his partner , Andrew , the Web site said . It did not offer Andrew 's last name . No further details about Gately 's death were immediately available . Boyzone made history in the United Kingdom with 16 consecutive Top Five hits , according to Ticketmaster 's Web site . It 's one of Ireland 's best-selling bands , with six No. 1 singles in the United Kingdom , and four No. 1 albums , Ticketmaster said . The group , which separated in 2000 to pursue solo projects , reunited in 2008 . Its greatest hits album -- "  Back Again ... No Matter What " -- was released last year . Gately joined the band in 1993 after answering an audition ad . "  A lot of people did n't think we would make it out of Ireland back then , " he said previously on the group 's Web site . "  We were overwhelmed when Boyzone began to take off , it was incredible . "	Stephen Gately , a member of the Irish band Boyzone , died in Majorca The singer was on the Spanish island with his partner , Andrew Gately , 33 , joined the boy band in 1993
CNN  -- I come from a place where the sky is always grey , where flowers are always grey , and where television is still in black and white . I actually come from a world where color does n't exist ; I was born with achromatopsia , I was born completely colorblind . So I 've never seen color , and do n't know what it looks like . But since the age of 21 , I can hear color . In 2003 , after studying fine arts and while studying music at Dartington College of Arts in England , I began a project with computer scientist Adam Montandon with the aim of extending my senses . The result , with further collaborations with Peter Kese and Matias Lizana , is an electronic eye : a color sensor between my eyes connected to a chip installed at the back of my head that transforms color frequencies into sound frequencies that I hear through my bone . Watch Neil Harbisson 's TED Talk I 've had the electronic eye permanently attached to my head and I 've been listening to colors nonstop since 2004 . So I find it completely normal now to hear colors all the time . At first , I had to memorize the sound of each color , but after some time this information became subliminal , I did n't have to think about the notes , color became a perception . And after some months , color became a feeling . I started to have favorite colors and I started to dream in color . When I started to hear colors in my dreams , I noticed that my brain and the software had united and given me a new sense . My brain was creating electronic sounds in my dreams , not the device . That was the point when I started to feel no difference between the software and my brain : The cybernetic device had become an extension of my brain -- an extension of my senses . I started to feel like a cyborg : The cybernetic eye was no longer a device but a part of my body . After some time it even became a part of my official image . You are not allowed to appear with any electronic equipment on the UK passport photo , but I insisted that what they were seeing was not a piece of electronic equipment but a new part of my body . Since I started to hear color , my life has changed dramatically . Art galleries have become concert halls ; I can hear a Picasso or a Rothko or an Andy Warhol . And supermarkets have become like night clubs . I love how they sound , especially the aisles with cleaning products . TED.com : We are all cyborgs now The way I dress has also changed . Before , I used to dress in a way that looked good , now I dress in a way that sounds good . If I 'm happy I dress in a major chord . If I 'm sad I dress in a minor chord . So if I need to go to a funeral , I might dress in B minor  that 's turquoise , purple and orange  . My sense of beauty has also changed . Someone might look very beautiful but sound terrible , and someone might sound very harmonious but look awful . So I find it really exciting to create sound portraits of people . Instead of drawing the shape of someone 's face I write down the different notes I hear when I look at them , and then I send them an mp3 of their face . Each face sounds different . I can even give face concerts now , concerts where I play the audience faces . The good thing about doing this is that if the concert does n't sound good , it 's their fault . I also found out that things I thought were colorless are not colorless at all . Cities are not grey , Madrid is amber terracotta , Lisbon is yellow turquoise , London is very golden red ... and humans are not black and white . Human skins range from light shades of orange to very dark shades of orange , we are never white or black . We are all orange . After some time , an unexpected secondary effect appeared . I started to perceive normal sounds as color too . Telephone tones started to sound green , the BBC pips became turquoise , and listening to Mozart became a yellow experience , even people 's voices had dominant colors . So I started to paint the colors of music and the colors of voices . TED.com : Ray Kurzweil on the accelerating power of technology There was a point when I was able to perceive 360 different colors , one for each degree of the color wheel . I was able to perceive colors just as well as people with color vision . Then I realized that the human visual system is not very impressive : you ca n't actually see many colors ; there are many more colors around us that the human eye ca n't detect . So I just decided to continue extending my color perception and included infrared and ultraviolet into the color-to-sound scale . So now I can also perceive infrared , which means I can hear if there are movement detectors in a room , or if someone is pointing at me with a remote control . The good thing about hearing ultraviolet is that you can hear if it 's a good day or a bad day to sunbathe . Ultraviolet is a dangerous color , a color that can kill us , so it would be useful for all of us to be able to perceive it . We should all have the wish to extend our senses . If we compare ourselves with other animals , our senses are very limited . Some birds can see ultraviolet , dogs can hear ultrasounds , rats can smell much better than us , sharks can detect electromagnetic fields , dolphins can hear through their bones , bats can see through sound . TED.com : The rise of human-computer cooperation By becoming cyborgs we have the chance to extend our perception to the level of other animal species . We focus so much on extending our knowledge and focus so little on extending our senses . No matter how much I knew about color , as long as I could n't sense color , color made no sense to me . Knowledge comes from our senses : if we extend our senses , we extend our knowledge . We are the first generation that does n't need to wait for natural evolution to evolve ; we can evolve during our lifetime . There 's no need to create new superpowers . Nature already has them . So becoming a cyborg is not about becoming like a machine . It 's not about becoming less human ; it 's about bringing us closer to other animals and to nature . It 's about awakening our senses , our instincts , our intuition ... qualities that we seem to have lost due to our constant use of technology as an external tool and not as part of our body . Life will be much more exciting when we stop creating apps for our mobile phones and we start creating apps for our own body . Become a cyborg . You wo n't be alone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Neil Harbisson .	Neil Harbisson was born colorblind but now perceives color through hearing He wears a device that produces sounds based on frequencies of colors Harbisson says he 's become a cyborg , with a color sense beyond the average He says we do n't need evolution to increase our senses , technology can do it
Yazoo City , Mississippi  CNN  -- Rescue crews in Mississippi continued to search for survivors Sunday from a powerful tornado that ripped through the state a day earlier , killing 10 people , injuring dozens of others and leveling scores of homes . Two children and a 3-month-old baby were among the victims . Two sisters , 9 and 14 , were killed inside a mobile home , Choctaw County Coroner Keith Coleman told CNN . The tornado tore a path nearly a mile wide and decimated neighborhoods as it raked cities from the central western border with Louisiana northeastward to Alabama . It leveled a church , sheared roofs off houses , overturned cars , snapped down hundreds of trees and plunged large swaths of the state in darkness as it toppled power lines . The same storm system that unleashed Saturday 's twister delivered severe weather to other parts of the South on Sunday , with tornadoes hitting Alabama and South Carolina . On Sunday , a tornado in Darlington County in northern South Carolina overturned as many as four mobile homes and toppled trees and downed power lines . Three people were hospitalized with minor injuries , according to Linwood Epps of the county 's emergency management agency . He said that the local Cain Elementary school was damaged , with part of its roof missing . The National Weather Service on Sunday gave the Mississippi tornado a preliminary rating of at least 3 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale of 0-5 , with wind speeds of up to 160 miles per hour and a preliminary path width of one and a half miles . Were you affected by the tornado ? Send in pics , video Ron Sullivan , a store owner in Choctaw County , said he was lucky to be alive after the storm hit around midday Saturday . "  They always talk about you hearing the train , " Sullivan told CNN . "  There was no train . There was a bomb . " He said two customers were walking toward the door of his store when the tornado struck and that "  when they opened the door , it hit and blew me back . " "  The only thing that went through my mind were two things -- ` Please do n't let anything else fall on me ' and ' I hope my wife is OK , ' " Sullivan said . The hardest-hit counties were Yazoo and Choctaw , where assessment and rescue crews continued operations Sunday , though a spokesman for the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency said there were n't any specific reports of people trapped inside the rubble . Authorities had recorded at least 681 homes damaged across six counties , according to MEMA spokesman Greg Flynn . The agency was reporting 33 injuries , but it had n't received counts from Yazoo and Choctaw counties . Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour said he has not yet requested emergency federal aid but plans to do so on Monday . Officials from the Federal Emergency Management Agency were scheduled to arrive Monday , anticipating an application for a disaster declaration , Flynn said . Nearly 80 Mississippi National Guard troops , including 50 military police , had been deployed to Choctaw and Yazoo counties , MEMA reported . Forty highway safety patrol troops were also sent to the affected areas . Five of the dead were from Choctaw County , in the north central part of the state ; four were from Yazoo County , north of Jackson ; and one was from Holmes County , also in north central Mississippi , said Flynn . Barbour , who was in Yazoo City where his home is located , called the twister gigantic and said that "  in places  it  seemed to be to be several miles wide . " Only 38 people stayed overnight in shelters in Yazoo City , Flynn said , adding that most of the affected were able to stay with family or friends . Mississippi residents shared stories of tragedy and survival on Sunday . "  You could just feel the glass and debris flying in and cutting you , " said Stacy Walker , who took cover in a hair salon in Yazoo City where she worked . "  It felt like minutes and minutes . but I 'm sure it was just seconds the time that it lasted . " Walker made it out safe but later learned that a high school friend died protecting her children . Dale Thrasher was inside Yazoo City 's Hillcrest Baptist Church when it was flattened by the tornado . "  I went in the sanctuary and got under the pulpit table and the whole building fell around me , " he said . His injuries : "  Three little scratches . " In all , 12 counties reported injuries , with some of the injured airlifted to a level one trauma center at the University of Mississippi Medical Center in Jackson . Local coverage from CNN affiliate WAPT President Obama has "  been briefed on the tragedy in Mississippi and the situation is being followed by the White House , " Obama spokesman Bill Burton said . Mississippi residents reported that the path of the twister was a half-mile to a mile wide , said Mark McAllister , a forecaster with the National Weather Service in Jackson . CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras said the twister had traveled 150 miles across Mississippi , starting in the western part of the state and moving northeast before weakening as it moved into Alabama . Early Sunday morning , Alabama 's emergency management officials confirmed a tornado touched down in Marshall County in the state 's north . At least one mobile home park and some homes in Albertville were destroyed , said CNN affiliate WAFF in Huntsville , Alabama . On Sunday , Nancy Brooks surveyed the damage to her Albertville home , which was extensive . Part of home 's roof was blown off , and debris littered the floors , which were now barely visible . Brooks awoke to the sound of the incoming tornado , only to witness a moment later a large tree branch rip into her bedroom just feet from where she sleeps . "  I 'm very lucky , I 'm very fortunate , " she said , as friends helped her begin the cleanup process . Saturday 's tornado was part of a broad band of storms that stretched from Missouri to the panhandle of Florida , Jeras said . CNN Correspondent Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	NEW : Tornadoes reported Sunday in Alabama and South Carolina In Mississippi , two sisters , 9 and 14 , die inside mobile home , coroner says Hundreds of homes , buildings flattened by nearly mile-wide twister that traveled 150 miles Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour plans to request emergency federal aid on Monday
New York  CNN  -- An organ played "  New York , New York " as pallbearers -- from the New York City Police Department -- carried the simple wooden casket with a Star of David through hundreds of admirers , friends , family members and dignitaries , and out of the Temple Emanu-El in Manhattan on Monday to lay to rest the city 's brash and outspoken three-term former mayor , Ed Koch , who died of congestive heart failure on Friday . He was 88 . "  I come today with the love and condolences of 8.4 million New Yorkers who really are grieving with you at this moment , " said current New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg as he delivered one of several eulogies for Koch beginning around 11 a.m. "  Although Ed -- on the other hand -- has got to be loving all this attention , " Bloomberg joked . "  No mayor , I think , has ever embodied the spirit of New York City like he did . And I do n't think anyone ever will . Tough and loud , brash and irreverent , full of humor and chutzpah -- he was our city 's quintessential mayor , " Bloomberg said . "  He knew from the beginning that the key to success lay in throwing political caution to the wind . "  And it 's easy to forget just how badly our city needed that kind of leadership -- because the New York that Ed inherited is almost unimaginable today : graffiti-filled subways , miles of abandoned buildings , filthy streets that were unsafe to walk in daylight , much less at night , a municipal government that was broke and had stopped functioning . ... Then came Koch , " Bloomberg said . "  It is fair to say that the city we know today would not exist without him . Everything that David Dinkins and Rudy Giuliani and I accomplished has been built on the foundation that Ed laid . " Noting that Koch was to be buried at Trinity Cemetery in Upper Manhattan , Bloomberg added , "  Just think about it : a Polish Jew in an Episcopal graveyard in a largely Dominican neighborhood . What could be more New York -- or even more Ed Koch ? " Former President Bill Clinton , who cut short a trip to Japan to attend , addressed the mourning crowd next . Holding a handful of letters of advice and opinion Koch had sent him when he was president , Clinton said no one had a better feel for "  the impact of what government did on the real lives of people " than Koch . The former president described how Koch advocated for tougher gun laws and said he would be proud of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo for his recent effort to toughen New York state gun laws . In his lifetime , Koch was known to look to his constituency and ask "  How am I doing ? " On Monday , Clinton seemed to turn the question back on him , "  Ed , we are all doing fine but we miss you and we miss you so much because we all know we are doing a lot better because you lived and served . " Koch 's relatives spoke of him as a family man who always wanted to know what was going on in their lives . A grandnephew , Noah Thaler , recounted a time Koch bragged to Clinton about the young man 's accomplishments . Diane Coffey , Koch 's longtime chief of staff , said the key to Koch 's gift for leadership was "  an ability to meet people on their own terms without ever diluting his own distinctive personality . " Also at the services Monday were New York 's U.S. senators , Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand ; former mayors David Dinkins and Rudolph Giuliani ; Gov. Cuomo ; former governor Mario Cuomo ; and other current and former city , state , federal and international government officials , including the Israeli consul general , Ido Aharoni . "  By the force of his own personality he led New Yorkers to believe that our best days were n't behind us , and he succeeded , " Schumer told CNN . Gillibrand described Koch as a great reformer and a friend from whom she 'd ask advice on everything from Middle East policy to where to get the best Chinese food . "  He was mayor of this city during a time of crisis and he really brought the city together , " she said . "  I think Ed Koch was himself . And too often nowadays people worry about how they look or what their image is or are they doing it right , " said Christine Quinn , speaker of the New York City Council and rumored potential Democratic candidate for mayor in the city 's 2013 election . "  Every time I asked him for advice , " she said , he told her "  to do what I thought was right , to have fun and if people did n't like it just ` bleep ' 'em . And not a lot of elected officials live by those codes today . And if you do the right thing and you have some fun , you 're doing the best you could possibly do . And that 's a good thing . " An honor guard representing the city 's police , fire , parks , sanitation and correction departments and the sheriff 's office stood by the casket for the ceremony . The service was officiated by David Posner , the synagogue 's senior rabbi . A private shiva will be held Tuesday at Gracie Mansion , the official residence of the city 's mayor , on Tuesday , according to the ceremony program , and the family is requesting that contributions be made to the LaGuardia Community College Foundation . Koch was a U.S. congressman from 1968 until he ran for New York City mayor in 1977 . He served three terms as the city 's 105th mayor , from January 1 , 1978 , to December 31 , 1989 . Tweeters loved Koch 's ` New York-iness ' CNN 's Dana Ford and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Koch "  embodied the spirit of New York City , " Mayor Bloomberg says Clinton to Koch : "  We are doing a lot better because you lived and served " Senators and governors also were among those honoring Koch Koch died of congestive heart failure last week ; he was 88
CNN  -- Linkin Park canceled its Thursday night show in Washington , D.C. , after the group 's lead singer fell ill , the band said on its website . "  Lead vocalist Chester Bennington is ill and under doctor 's orders to refrain from performing , " the statement said . "  The band sincerely regrets this unavoidable cancellation and apologizes to fans for any disappointment caused . " The California sextet is on tour to promote its latest release , "  A Thousand Suns . " The band 's website says Linkin Park 's next scheduled show is Friday in Uncasville , Connecticut , at the Mohegan Sun Resort and Casino . The Recording Industry Association of America  RIAA  says the alternative metal band has sold more than 19 million units -- a combination of CDs and digital downloads .	Linkin Park music sales top 19 million units The band is on tour to promote its latest release , "  A Thousand Suns " Linkin Park 's next scheduled show is Friday in Uncasville , Connecticut
CNN  -- Hours after January 12 's earthquake in Haiti , Drs. Claude and Yolene Surena were treating more than 100 wounded people -- not in a medical facility but outside their own Port-au-Prince home . City medical facilities were decimated or overwhelmed , and makeshift triage areas like the one in the Surenas ' yard tried to keep patients alive long enough to get the next available hospital bed . Yolene called her daughter in Maryland to assure her the couple was fine and to make a request . "  She was overwhelmed with patients , " said Fabiola Surena , a 28-year-old U.S. Army staff sergeant studying to be a physician 's assistant . "  She needed me to come help . " Surena and eight U.S.-based relatives and friends -- all of whom were raised in or have relatives in Haiti -- went to the Surenas ' Haiti home to assist the doctors , deliver food and first-aid supplies , and to see how their loved ones fared . Surena , who was granted time off from the Army , and her cousin Anne-Rene Louis have been documenting their trip on CNN 's iReport.com . They talked to CNN.com by phone on Thursday , their seventh day in Haiti ; the group planned to return to the United States this weekend . iReport.com : Fabiola and Anne-Rene 's journey to Haiti The nine , none of whom had any medical experience except for Surena , flew to the Dominican Republic and traveled by bus to Haiti 's capital on January 15 . At the Surenas ' house , one of the few in the neighborhood that did n't collapse , patients were in bad shape . "  I 've seen crushed bones , fractures , dislocations , a lot of lacerations . We 've had kids who lost digits , " Fabiola Surena said . "  We 've also had people just suffering from just diabetes or high blood pressure , whose medication was stuck in their -LSB- destroyed -RSB- house , so they 're going into diabetic comas . " Many patients needed surgery , but the one surgeon assisting the couple had no post-school experience . The Surenas ' home , stocked mostly with first aid and suture kits and over-the-counter medications , had "  no surgical capabilities outside of sutures , " Fabiola Surena said . Because surgeries could n't be done immediately and infection was setting in , many patients would need amputation later . A few people died before Surena 's group arrived , and one has died since , after being moved to a hospital , she said . iReport : List of missing , found | Are you there ? Fabiola Surena dressed bandages and took vital signs . The other eight from the U.S. made sure patients took medication , sterilized tools and did small dressing changes . The crew also tried to find hospitals that could take the critical patients , she said . Patients rest on mattresses in the yard , covered by tents . Food , water and medical supplies , though bolstered by trips to the Dominican Republic and aid brought by others , are constantly low . The family eats whatever it serves to the patients -- perhaps rice , beans and tuna -- and sometimes it 's just one meal , Surena said . "  We 're basically out of painkillers . We receive a lot of medication for adults , but not for kids , so children are barely getting painkillers at all , " she said . Surena , who was born in New York but was raised in Haiti , says her feelings are difficult to put in words . "  It can be very depressing , " she said in Port-au-Prince , in and around which tens of thousands were killed in the quake . "  After a while , you 're looking at the things you ca n't do . ... Some people beg for water , and we do n't have water for us to drink . " "  People look calm and try to go on with life and joke , but then a scared , panicked look comes over their faces when a helicopter flies overhead , because it sounds like an aftershock , " she added . Full coverage | Twitter updates Haitians took the wounded to the Surenas ' house after the quake because they knew they were doctors . They also knew that Claude Surena , a pediatrician who heads the Haitian Medical Association and directs Rotary International 's disaster preparedness committee for Haiti , sometimes sees patients at his home , Rotary spokeswoman Elizabeth Dwyer said . Besides tending to patients , the U.S. nine have connected with relatives to find out who survived . Not all the news was good . Louis , 25 , of Orlando , Florida , said her parents ' Port-au-Prince-area house collapsed during the quake , killing her grandfather and a maid . Also killed was the best friend of Louis ' 18-year-old sister , she said . The sister , Soraya Louis , a U.S. college student visiting her parents ' home , was trapped for a few hours in the rubble . She passed out briefly during the collapse , and she awoke to "  everybody screaming , " she said . "  I heard footsteps overhead . People were walking on the bricks , " Soraya Louis , a student at Connecticut 's University of Bridgeport , said by phone from Port-au-Prince on Thursday . "  I was crying and screaming for help . " People dug her out after she helped them find her . She found a piece of wood , stuck it between bricks and moved it until someone saw it , she said . Impact Your World Soraya Louis and her cousin were injured but are OK . Also escaping the collapse were one of her sisters and another friend ; her parents were at work . Anne-Rene Louis arrived in Haiti in time for her grandfather 's funeral January 15 . By Thursday , many of the Surenas ' patients had been sent to hospitals . Only about 20 remained in the yard . Claude and Yolene no longer tend to the patients during the day -- Claude was just named the country 's coordinator for disaster medical care , and Yolene , who already worked for Haiti 's government , is helping determine which hospitals are running and where more can be set up , Fabiola Surena said . Some of the U.S. nine went to work with Claude Surena on Thursday , helping to direct hospital workers to medical supplies , Anne-Rene Louis said . Though the nine plan to leave Haiti this weekend , some may return soon . Soraya Louis said it was a relief to see the group . "  It 's been hard for us here , and it feels good to know people are supporting us , " she said . "  Now our whole family is together . ... They give us strength every day . " CNN 's Katie Hawkins-Gaar , Nicole Saidi and Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report .	Two doctors in Port-au-Prince turn their home into a makeshift clinic after quake Doctors ' relatives in U.S. , including their Army daughter , arrive to help Food , medical supplies remain constantly low , they say Survivor on being trapped : "  I heard footsteps overhead " -- searchers walking on rubble
For weeks leading up to the 2013 off-year elections , prominent Texas Democrats directly blamed the state 's new voter ID law for problems in registration . First , Judge Sandra Watts said she had a problem because the name on her driver 's license and the name on her voter registration card did not match . It turns out she had left her maiden name on her voter registration . It also turns out that it is the individual 's responsibility to ensure that his or her voter information is up to date . Watts was able to vote . Then , state Sen. Wendy Davis , the presumed Democratic nominee for Texas governor , said she had a problem , too . Like Watts , the name on her driver 's license did not match the name on her registration card . She signed an affidavit , which the polling place provided , and was able to vote . Then , nearer Election Day , former Speaker of the House Jim Wright said that he , too , had a problem voting . He said the Texas Department of Public Safety would not give him a voter ID card . But Wright , who is 90 , tried to use an expired driver 's license , which for most voters serves as their photo ID . How is this the fault of the state or anyone who supports voter ID ? Wright got his card by going home and finding his birth certificate , and was able to vote . We know of these stories because all three prominent Democrats took those voting problems straight to the media . What we do not know from these three stories is how the voter ID law actually affected turnout . Democrats who oppose voter ID have consistently claimed that it suppresses votes . If they are correct , then Texas should have seen turnout drop off in 2013 compared with the closest comparable election . The 2013 election in Texas was an off-year , constitutional amendment election . Texas holds constitutional amendment elections every two years , after its legislative sessions , to give Texans the opportunity to approve or reject items that the legislature has approved for a vote . The Texas secretary of state administers elections and posts totals going back to 1992 . According to the Texas secretary of state 's office , 10 amendments were up for vote in 2011 , the last constitutional amendment election before the voter ID law passed . Some issues received more votes than others . The one most voted on received 690,052 votes , for and against . Overall , an average of about 672,874 Texans voted on these 10 constitutional amendments . If voter ID suppressed votes , we should see a drop in turnout , right ? Well , according to the Texas secretary of state 's office , nine amendments went up for vote in 2013 . The amendment that attracted the most votes , Proposition One , attracted 1,144,844 . The average number of votes cast in 2013 was 1,099,670 . So , in terms of raw votes , turnout in 2013 increased by about 63 % over turnout in 2011 in comparable elections . But that 's statewide . How about in areas the anti-voter ID side predicted should see "  suppression " ? Turnout for the 2011 election was 5.37 % of registered voters ; for 2013 it was about 8 % . Democrats allege that voter ID will suppress the vote in predominantly Hispanic regions . Hidalgo County sits on the Texas-Mexico border and is 90 % Hispanic . In 2011 , an average of just over 4,000 voted in the constitutional amendment election . In 2013 , an average of over 16,000 voted . If voter ID was intended to suppress votes , it is failing as spectacularly as HealthCare.gov . Look at Cameron County , which is about 85 % Hispanic . Turnout increased from an average of 4,700 votes in 2011 to 5,100 in 2013 . So in its first real-world test , Texas ' voter ID law -- which 66 % of Texans support , according to a 2012 University of Texas poll -- had no impact on suppressing the vote . It even can be argued that voter ID helped increase turnout . Turnout was up , and in fact , the 2013 constitutional amendment election saw the highest constitutional amendment election turnout in Texas in about eight years . Opponents of voter ID must come up with a new line to attack it . The old dog that it suppresses the vote just wo n't hunt . Join us Facebook/CNNOpinion .	Prominent Texas Democrats blamed the new voter ID law for problems in registering to vote Bryan Preston : But problems due to expired driver 's license , maiden names not updated Preston : Voter ID foes say it suppresses votes ; if so , 2013 turnout would be lower He says 2013 turnout increased by 63 % over turnout in 2011 's comparable off-year elections
Real Simple  -- In most ways , Tzatzil Willebeek-LeMair is a superwoman . Four basic rules of organization can help turn a messy home office into a tidy workstation . She has completed more than 50 triathlons and runs a business that teaches hundreds of women a year how to break into running , biking , and swimming . She also finds time to teach Spanish at an elementary school near her home in Austin , Texas , and serves as den leader for the local Cub Scouts , all while looking after three sons : Max , age three ; Marco , five ; and Jacob , seven . When it came to organizing her home office , however , Willebeek-LeMair , 35 , could barely get out of the starting blocks . Her desk was so overloaded that she referred to it as "  the abyss " and "  the beast . " School reports , unpaid bills , and children 's artwork were piled in haphazard layers . And since mess has a way of inviting more mess , Willebeek-LeMair 's husband , Marc , and sons felt free to use her desk as a dumping ground for everything from junk mail to homework . As a result , birthday-party invitations resurfaced days too late and car registrations expired without being renewed . "  Anything that comes in the mail is a problem , " she says . To make matters worse , her office was set up in a former dining room , near the entrance of their home , so her disarray was on display to anyone coming or going . What she likes about the office The office is open , with high ceilings . It gets afternoon light . From her desk , she can see her kids playing in the family room . What she dislikes about the office No privacy . It does n't feel inviting . Not enough surface area for working . Her desk is always covered with piles . The revelation A year ago , Willebeek-LeMair received an album of special class events from her son Marco 's teacher . In photos commemorating "  cowboy day , " "  pajama day , " and "  red-clothing day , " Marco was conspicuously and consistently wearing the wrong outfit , because she had either lost the school notice or found it too late . "  It was proof in print of my lack of organization , " she says . "  At that point , I decided I had to do better . " Sometimes even a coach can use some coaching . Real Simple volunteered to put Willebeek-LeMair 's office in order and set up a clear and simple system to ensure that no school notice goes missing and every race record has its place . Now she can focus on fitness , not on finding missing files . The remedy Following four basic rules of organization helped turn Willebeek-LeMair 's home office into a workstation as fit and flexible as its inhabitant . Separate personal from professional . Willebeek-LeMair 's single biggest problem came from not separating her paperwork : It was impossible for her to work on one kind without constantly running across the other . Now that she has her papers cleanly segregated , thanks to extra shelving , filing cabinets , and bins she can decide what she 'll work on , rather than being ambushed by an overdue bill or a renewal notice . Clear the desktop . Formerly a catchall , with piles stowed in nooks and crannies , the desk is freed up for its intended purpose : reading and writing . Papers that once covered her desk are still within reach , stowed in her original filing cabinets  bills and other home expenses to the left , invoices and business materials to the right  . Supplementary job materials , magazines , mailers , tear sheets are in labeled storage containers on five adjustable shelves installed above the desk . Create a station for incoming and outgoing . A wire-mesh file mounted on the wall to the left of the desk helps her keep track of the flow to and from the office . The upper basket contains bills , bank statements , and other papers that require filing . The lower basket is for items to take the next time she leaves the house . "  Outgoing mail , notes for school , a racing shirt that has to be delivered , anything that 's urgent goes in there where I can see it , " she says . A portable filing box  shown on the floor to the left of the desk  allows her to easily carry files to meetings . Consolidate , consolidate , consolidate . Because she lacked shelves in her home office , Willebeek-LeMair used to store fitness books and magazines in the nearby family room . Since it was a pain to carry them back and forth , more often than not she simply dumped them on her desk . Now that they are within easy reach , she 's more inclined to put them back where they belong . The ideas Corkboards : Three bulletin boards mounted to the left of the desk help keep track of events in the three areas of Willebeek-LeMair 's daily life : home  housekeeper 's phone number  , children  party invitations  , and business  race schedules  . Closed Storage : Labeled boxes on shelves contain rarely used items , such as the report cards and artwork of her three sons , plus stationery , waivers , and other business paperwork . Open Storage : Frequently accessed supplies , such as copier paper , are kept in open trays . A pink basket contains materials for special projects , such as medals for her son 's swim team . Task Lighting : A desk lamp helps her focus on the tasks at hand . Timekeeper : An office clock adds a businesslike touch to remind her that , even at home , there are deadlines and duties that can not be put off . Seating : She opted for a desk stool called the Swopper  $ 599 , www.swopper.com  , which is designed to soothe the tight hamstrings and lower-back problems common among athletes . The update Organizing is like a New Year 's resolution : It 's hard to sustain . Shortly after Willebeek-LeMair 's home office was overhauled , she says , her husband , Marc , voiced skepticism . It looked good , he told her , but he wondered if she could keep it that way . She did . She used to spend up to an hour clearing her desk before she got to work , so "  I used to have a dread of sitting at my desk , " she says . "  It 's so much more appealing now . " The awkward piling of bills and school notices has been replaced by a clear-cut system : Everything that lands on her desk has a specific place to go . "  When you put things together from different areas of your life , it requires different systems of organization , " she says , "  and I did n't know how to do that . " E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved . This article first appeared in Real Simple in September 2006	Athlete-mom-coach needed coaching herself on organizing her home office "  I used to have a dread of sitting at my desk , " said Tzatzil Willebeek-LeMair Piling of bills has been replaced by system using four basic rules
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- If 63-year-old Chinese scholar Zhou Duo had his way , he would be on hunger strike on June 4 , sitting quietly through the day at Purple Bamboo Park , 20 minutes ' taxi ride from Beijing 's Tiananmen Square . Zhou Duo wants to mark the 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen crackdown with a hunger strike . His aim : to mark the 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen crackdown and to dramatize his defiant call for answers from Chinese authorities . "  What is the truth ? " he pressed rhetorically , as he discussed his plans with CNN a week earlier . "  How many people were in fact robbed of their lives ? The truth remains unknown , because the Chinese government has suppressed information about the truth on June 4th . " On that day 20 years ago , Chinese troops in armored personnel carriers and tanks rumbled toward Tiananmen Square . That was where Zhou , along with three other intellectuals , including Taiwanese singer-composer Hou Dejian , were on the second day of a hunger strike to show solidarity with student protesters . The soldiers , on strict orders to clear Tiananmen Square of demonstrators , had forced their way through the city 's main thoroughfare . Along the way , they met fierce resistance from students and city residents who barricaded the streets , so they fired at them . When the firing stopped , hundreds if not thousands of people lay maimed or dead . A few hours past midnight on June 4 , Zhou and the protesters on the square found themselves surrounded by troops and tanks , and yet several holdouts wanted to "  resist till death . " Sensing a sure bloodbath , Zhou and Hou appeased the hotheads and took control of their ranks . Gingerly , the two approached army officers and negotiated an agreement that allowed the demonstrators to withdraw peacefully . After they dispersed , some stayed home , some were arrested , and others became fugitives . Three days later , Zhou went into hiding after he learned that the computer company he worked for as a policy planner had become the target of a witch hunt . Weeks later , police caught the bespectacled sociologist . He was detained but was not formally charged or tried . He was released months later . Any regrets ? "  None at all , " Zhou said firmly . "  I would regret enormously if I had n't done what I did and if had n't saved the lives of so many people  on the square  . This single reason is enough . Had I not done that , I would be hitting my head against the wall every day . " Despite the painful memories , Zhou said , he remains cautiously optimistic about how grassroots activism has grown in China . "  There is a huge difference now compared with 20 years ago , " Zhou told CNN two weeks before the June 4 anniversary . "  I think the citizens are becoming more aware of their rights . It 's especially shown in the ranks of the NGOs  nongovernment organizations  , lawyers and intellectuals . This is an important sign that the citizens ' consciousness has waken up in China . " Accordingly , Zhou has sought to abide by laws and regulations . A week before the June 4 anniversary , Zhou prepared to drive to a police station to apply for a permit to conduct his day-long hunger strike . He wrote an application , even detailing that he would simply sit quietly in the park , carrying a banner that would read : "  Publicize the truth of June 4 -- reach the goal of reconciliation of society ! " But Zhou did not even make it to the station . Police showed up at his home and talked him and his wife into going along with them for a "  vacation " at a government-owned hostel . Reached by phone on June 3 , Zhou 's wife said good-naturedly : "  We are both fine . We are having a good time teaching the police about democracy . " She said they expected to return to the city a week later , after the June 4 anniversary jitters had subsided .	Zhou : "  Chinese government has suppressed information about the truth on June 4th " He and another , Hou , negotiated deal allowing protesters to leave peacefully No regrets , Zhou says He remains cautiously optimistic about grassroots activism
CNN  -- Steven Gerrard scored a 90th minute penalty to grab a precious 3-2 win for Liverpool against Fulham on Wednesday as Brendan Rodgers ' side moved to within four points of the English Premier League leaders Chelsea . Following Jose Mourinho 's side disappointing 1-1 draw at lowly West Bromwich Albion on Tuesday , Liverpool came from behind twice to complete a dramatic and potentially vital win at Craven Cottage . Kolo Toure , who gifted West Brom an equalizer at the Hawthorns earlier this month , scored an own goal in the eighth minute to hand the home side a boost following their 2-2 draw against Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday . Daniel Sturridge equalized for the Reds four minutes before the break only for Kieran Richardson to put Rene Meulensteen 's side ahead again in the 63rd minute after some slack defending . The Merseysider 's responded with a goal nine minutes later as Philippe Coutinho 's 20-yeard shot found its way past goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg . The Dutch keeper was replaced by David Stockdale a few minutes later following a collision with Luis Suarez . And it was the English keeper who had to face Gerrard 's spot kick after Sturridge was brought down by German defender Sascha Riether . The veteran midfielder fired home to complete only Liverpool 's fifth away win of the season which , following a 5-1 demolition of Arsenal at the weekend , takes Rodgers ' side up to 53 points and four points off top spot . Fulham remain bottom with 20 points . "  Steven Gerrard is peerless in situations like that , " Rodgers said . "  He showed brilliant composure . It was a great result . We 've had to show character to come from behind twice . "  We 're going to keep pushing . We 're chasing , other teams are still ahead of us . We need some of them to drop points . " Arsenal attempts to return to the top were thwarted by Manchester United in a 0-0 stalemate at the Emirates . The result , which helps neither side massively , sees the North Londoner 's stay one point behind Chelsea while United remain in seventh with 42 points . While Arsenal dominated possession , it was United who probably had the best chances to win the game . But goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny denied the away side with some fine saves , notably from former Gunners striker Robin van Persie at the beginning and towards the end of the game . "  We tried tonight to win it but we got a point , " Moyes said . "  I 'd have liked all three but if you 'd have said to me at the start of the season that we 'd get four points off Arsenal then I 'd say that 's not that bad . " There was some cheer off the pitch for United today as they reported an 11.6 % rise in revenues to Â # 122.9 million  $ 204 million  in the last three months of 2013 despite some below par performances this season . Elsewhere , Tottenham Hotspur consolidated fifth place with a 4-0 thumping of Newcastle United at St James ' Park . Alan Pardew 's side 's third consecutive league defeat sees them slip further out of contention for a Europa League place next season , but with 37 points the Magpies are still nine points clear of 10th place Swansea City who drew 1-1 with Stoke City . The UK 's recent appalling weather put paid to two Premier League fixtures Wednesday , with third-place Manchester City 's game against Sunderland and Crystal Palace 's trip to Everton both being postponed . Barcelona through to Copa del Rey final Meanwhile in Spain , Barcelona completed a 3-1 aggregate win over Real Sociedad to reach the final of the Copa del Rey . The Catalans took a 2-0 advantage into the semifinal second leg and when Lionel Messi made it 1-0 on the night  3-0 on aggregate  in the 27th minute the contest was all but killed off . Antoine Griezmann scored an equalizer for the home side in the 87th minute to make it 1-1 on the night . Barcelona will face Real Madrid in the April 's final after Los Blancos completed a 5-0 aggregate win over city rivals Atletico on Tuesday .	Steven Gerrard 's late penalty earns Liverpool three points at Craven Cottage Manchester United 's trip to Arsenal ends in goalless draw Bad weather causes postponement of two games including Manchester City vs. Sunderland Barcelona reach Copa del Rey final after a 3-1 aggregate win over Real Sociedad
Tokyo  CNN  -- "  Are Chinese people bad people ? " Forty-year-old Mika Takagi said that this question from her five-year-old child prompted her to think about what exactly recent television reports were telling everybody . In the past week , the Japanese public has been waking up to images of Chinese protesters expressing their anger towards Japan and its claim over a few uninhabited islands located between the two countries . Japan calls them the Senkakus , while China calls them the Diaoyu islands . Anti-Japanese protests in China on symbolic anniversary The Japanese media showed images of huge crowds throwing bottles and eggs at the Japanese embassy in Beijing as they chanted nationalistic slogans . Television stations also carried lengthy reports from inside a Japanese-owned mall -- elsewhere in China -- which was slowly being surrounded by increasingly violent demonstrators . Though life has continued as normal across Japan , many Japanese people are increasingly troubled by the dispute . Background : How remote rock split China , Japan "  I can understand that the Chinese are angry at the past , when the Japanese invaded them and did twisted things to them , but that 's the past , " said 65-year-old Kiyoshi Yamashita . "  Japan was also victim of the atomic bomb dropped by the United States , but we do n't constantly reproach them for doing that . At that time , it was war . " Anti-Japanese protests in China are nothing new . In 2010 , a collision near the disputed islands in the East China Sea between a Chinese fishing boat and a Japanese marine ship soured relations between the two countries after the captain of the Chinese vessel was briefly detained . But they have rarely gone on for so long and become so violent . Shota Saito , a 22-year-old college student , said that recent events have pushed him to reconsider plans to travel to China , and that the protests were "  frightening . " But Saito knows that not all Chinese people hate the Japanese because he lives in Yokohama , a city known for its large Chinatown and has Chinese friends of his own . "  I think only a handful of radicals are reacting excessively , " Saito said . "  I think there are many people who like Japan , so it does not change my views about Chinese people . " Many people , such as 26-year-old Aya Fujimori , suspect that the lack of effective communication between the two countries is causing the rift . "  My sense is that we have come to this point because we did not talk enough between each other , and we each make our own conclusions , " she said . Dangerous rocks : Can both sides back off peacefully ? Though he believes the islands are Japanese because of "  historical written proof , " Yamashita says the current dispute is "  absurd , " and that the two countries need to have a serious heart-to-heart to settle things . The media has also come under fire for its reporting on the issue . "  It seems to me that the media only shows us the flashy stuff , " Fujimori said . She also suspects that most employees of the damaged businesses in China are locals , and that they are not all anti-Japanese . "  I think there are people who oppose Japan and those who do n't . I 'd like to hear what the latter people have to say , " she said . Ever since Takagi was surprised by her child 's question , she says she has become more attentive to what is happening . "  I think many facts about the past are not being reported properly in China , " she said , while suspecting the same thing in Japan . "  There may be some things that we do not know about the past between China and Japan . Maybe it 's because records have not been set straight that we can not understand each other . " As for the answer to her young son 's question : "  I told him that Chinese people are not bad people , and that it would be great if we could all get along better . " Even though anti-Chinese protests in Japan have not been observed on the same scale as in China , there have been some tensions and a number of minor incidents reported . But this may change if the anti-Japanese backlash continues . China investigating protesters ' hassling of U.S. ambassador 's car	Japanese public increasingly concerned by anti-Japanese backlash in China Centers on disputed islands known by Japan as Senkakus and by China as Diaoyu islands So far the reaction in Japan has been limited to few small-scale protests against China
Titanyan , Haiti  CNN  -- Daniel Rouzier clutched a mahogany rosary and a pair of latex gloves in his left hand , his face covered in a sterile mask . He watched intently as two front-end loaders clawed into piles of dirt and dumped it into freshly dug trenches . Arms , legs , entire bodies flailed and flew before reaching their final resting place . The stench of human flesh , decomposing for 17 days , carried with the wind . Rouzier took it upon himself to bury the estimated 2,500 bodies here . They were mothers , fathers , sons and daughters who were never given a proper burial after they perished in the earthquake that leveled the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince on January 12 . At least 150,000 people died that day , the Haitian government estimates . Many of their bodies were dumped here , near the village of Titanyan , about 45 minutes northeast of the capital . Rouzier , who owns a car dealership and helps run the Haitian charity , Food for the Poor , said he was watching a CNN report Friday about how many bodies were just left to rot , without proper interment . "  I was just appalled . This is a sacrilege , " he said Saturday . Haiti , he said , is a deeply spiritual country with great respect for the dead . "  This , " he said pointing to the mounds of death , "  is countercultural to Haiti -- the total lack of respect for the dead . " Marie Laurence Lasseque , Haiti 's minister of information , denied to CNN 's Anderson Cooper that the dead had been transported out of the city by truck and dumped out of view without burial . She said the state-run trucking company CNE was "  doing a good job " disposing bodies . But after seeing footage of the bodies on CNN , Rouzier had to do something . By 8 a.m. Friday , he was on the phone , ordering front-end loaders . He asked his welding shop to shape five metal crosses and called Bishop Pierre Andre Dumas to come perform last rites . Dumas arrived Friday with American priest Richard Frechette , a doctor who cares for the poor in Haiti . The two sprinkled holy water and said prayers over the freshly dug graves and remaining piles of bodies . Rouzier 's crew buried about 1,500 people Friday . The next day , they returned for the remaining 1,000 . No one knows how many such mounds of bodies exist still in these valleys . Some are near Titanyan , its grim past now linked with this macabre task . This is where the dirty work of politics stooped to its lowest as the bodies of thousands who died under the brutal Duvalier dictatorships were said to have been tossed . Rouzier surveyed the land -- rocky dirt and gentle rolling hills that will forever be haunted by restless souls . At least , he was able to restore dignity to some of them , though no one will know who is buried here , under the five metal crosses . "  Maybe they are doing them better elsewhere . I do n't know , " Rouzier said . He did n't want to blame anyone for what happened . It 's easy to point fingers at a time of epic tragedy . He simply found relief Saturday in finding some sense of closure more than two weeks after the devastating earthquake . "  I 'm very grateful to be able to do this , " he said . He asked visiting journalists to refrain from walking the mounds of dirt . To not step over the dead . It was a tough two days for Rouzier . But for 2,500 Haitians , it was grace .	Many earthquake victims were dumped in mass graves about 45 minutes northeast of capital Daniel Rouzier says "  total lack of respect for the dead " is countercultural to Haiti Rouzier ordered equipment to dig fresh trenches , commissioned 5 metal crosses "  I 'm very grateful to be able to do this , " says Rouzier , who owns a car dealership
CNN  -- Herman Cain , the surprise candidate of 2012 , has been struggling to survive accusations of sexual harassment . Every day that the story continues and new accusations emerge , Cain 's candidacy is at greater risk . Yet thus far his polls have remained steady , and the news cycle seems to be turning toward other issues . Cain has denied the accusations and pushed back against the accusers . Cain is far from the first presidential candidate to struggle with a scandal centered on sex . Sex scandals have a long tradition in American politics . In the presidential campaigns of 1824 and 1828 , opponents accused Andrew Jackson of adultery , while in 1884 Republicans lambasted Grover Cleveland for his illegitimate child . Supporters of Cleveland 's opponent , James Blaine , liked to chant "  Ma , Ma , where 's my pa ? " whenever they had a chance . During the first seven decades of the 20th century , sex scandals played a diminished role on the campaign trail . The news media exhibited remarkable restraint , as reporters stayed within boundaries defining what kind of behavior was appropriate -- or relevant -- to report and what was not . The rules governing behavior at the workplace were also extraordinarily lax , and reporters , like other Americans , did n't expect men to meet a high standard in treating the women around them . Despite widespread knowledge of President John F. Kennedy 's sexual escapades and Sen. Russell Long 's alcoholism , reporters declined to write stories about their behavior . According to the legendary reporter Jack Germond , a politician who chased after women was gently characterized as a man who appreciated a well-turned ankle . But that changed in the 1970s . A new generation of reporters , inspired by the Watergate investigation , was eager to expose the next big scandal in Washington . In recent years , the proliferation of news outlets , ranging from cable television to the Internet , has created intense competition to report the most salacious stories . Public norms on sexuality have liberalized and the media have grown more comfortable reporting about sex . Moreover , liberals argue that the private behavior of public officials matters . New sexual harassment laws have changed the norms of what is considered acceptable at the workplace . Conservatives are more eager to highlight personal behavior as they hope to to make morality a legitimate issue in public debate . Sometimes sex scandals have brought down promising candidates . During the 1987 Democratic primaries for president , for example , the Miami Herald reported that Gary Hart , a former Colorado senator , was having an affair with a young model . Hart challenged the media to prove their allegations . Soon after , the National Enquirer obtained photographs of a model named Donna Rice sitting on Hart 's lap on a yacht named Monkey Business . Once the pictures were published , Hart dropped out of the race . Yet often candidates have been able to survive these accusations . Sex scandals are not necessarily devastating to a candidacy . During Bill Clinton 's 1992 presidential campaign , allegations that he had had an affair with Gennifer Flowers broke right before the crucial New Hampshire primary . Clinton effectively responded by appearing with his wife , Hillary , on CBS 's "  60 Minutes . " He went on to win the presidency and earn high approval ratings . The future of Herman Cain remains unclear : Will he suffer the fate of Gary Hart or succeed as Bill Clinton did ? There are several reasons that , at least initially , Cain has been able to survive the frenzy . The first is a certain numbness that Americans have to ongoing stories about the poor behavior of politicians . We live in a cynical age when Americans do n't expect much from their leaders . Scandals can certainly destroy political futures , as was the case with Rep. Anthony Weiner or two-time presidential candidate John Edwards , but there is an equal chance that the public wo n't find a particular case all that shocking .  In the cases of Weiner and Edwards , their initial denials were proven wrong ; in Cain 's case , the truth of the accusations has n't been established . The second reason is that partisanship has become so intense these days that there is naturally going to be suspicion that charges such as these might come from political opponents . Cain has played into this belief by accusing his political opponents , ranging from Gov. Rick Perry 's campaign to liberals , of being behind the charges . Cain also might survive this scandal because this story has emerged so long before any voting starts . The Iowa caucuses and New Hampshire primary are months away , and the opinions of voters wo n't be definitively known till then . Even if party leaders put pressure on Cain , they 'll have limited effect , given that Cain is not part of the party establishment . He does n't really care what the leaders of the GOP have to say . That 's in fact the point of his campaign . In that sense , he is very much like Ross Perot in Republican clothes . None of this is to say that Herman Cain is safe . The fact is that if stories about his alleged misbehavior continue to emerge , and the substance of more of these accusations becomes public , the real power brokers in modern campaigns -- the fundraisers and campaign donors -- will make a decision for him . They will turn off the spigot of money that he would need to make his campaign real . This is the ultimate check on his future . Republicans are extremely anxious . They sense a real opportunity to win this election and do n't have much stomach for picking someone who could implode in the general election come September 2012 . Given his inexperience in the political realm , Cain is already a high-risk candidate . A few more accusations and his candidacy could come to an early end . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Herman Cain 's campaign has so far survived accusations of sexual harassment Julian Zelizer says many factors affect whether a candidate can survive a scandal Cain is helped by partisan atmosphere in American politics , Zelizer says Zelizer : Ultimately the donors who fund campaign could bring it to an early end
CNN  -- If you do n't spend much time online , and if you 're older than most college students , you may have missed the thousands of teens and 20-somethings who were running around the country this week with red "  X " marks on their hands . No , they did n't go clubbing last night . They 're trying to end slavery . It 's OK if those things seem wildly unconnected at first . The gap between drawing a mark on your hand and preventing a woman in Nepal , Mozambique or New Jersey from being sold into the sex trafficking business , or liberating one of the estimated 20 to 30 million people who are enslaved today , is admittedly a large one . And , because of that , the END IT movement , which organized the recent online-plus-real-world campaign , has gotten some heat from some laptop cynics who say their efforts are n't making a real , tangible difference in the big-sad-real world . "  It 's almost offensive how stupid this #endit movement is , " one person wrote on Twitter . "  These red x 's in people 's hands are n't freeing any slaves . All these pictures are just annoying me . #enough #endit , " said another . But I say forget all that . Slapping a red "  X " on your hand and uploading a photo of it to Instagram or Twitter with the hashtag #enditmovement  as tens of thousands have done  can help end slavery . It 's not going to happen right away , of course . But it 's the first step . "  Nothing happens just because we are aware of modern-day slavery , " the group says on its website , "  but nothing will EVER happen until we are . " Amen , brothers and sisters . The debate over the merits of these sorts of online awareness raising campaigns , sometimes referred to as "  slacktivism " or "  clicktivism , " is getting tired . It seems to have started in 2009 , when Twitter users made their avatars green in support of anti-regime protests in Iran . That social media campaign succeeded , but the protests , of course , failed . Shortly after , The New Yorker 's Malcolm Gladwell proclaimed that "  the revolution would not be tweeted " because the Internet 's "  weak ties seldom lead to high-risk activism , " which is needed in order to spur real change . Those ideas resurfaced last month when the U.S. Supreme Court was hearing two same-sex marriage cases . The Human Rights Campaign , an advocacy group , asked Facebook and Twitter users to change their public profile images to a red equals sign , in support of marriage equality . Millions of people made the switch . But some writers , including Brian Moylan from VICE , argued that this one-click symbolic action was "  completely useless . " "  Yes , the show of support is heartwarming . It 's nice to see so many people who want their gay friends to be spoiled brides just like all their straight friends , but you 're not doing anything , " he wrote on Vice.com . "  This is just another form of passive activism that is n't advancing the cause . Do you know what would be helpful ? Actually picking up a sign , heading down to the Supreme Court and joining the throngs of protesters . Do you know what would be useful ? Instead of just downloading an image and clicking a few buttons , going to the website of a gay rights organization  or any gay organization for that matter  and giving them some money so they can fight for gay civil rights on your behalf . " He also suggested that the slacktivists write letters to representatives . Both writers make good points , but their arguments should n't be used to condemn efforts to raise awareness about pressing social issues . And they discount the real good that these social media efforts can and do have . The evidence is incomplete , but I 'd bet that "  completely useless " Human Rights Campaign equals-sign demonstration led people to do exactly all the things that Moylan suggests would be more valuable than clicking a button on Facebook . "  I do n't have hard data , but we definitely saw an increase in donations through our website , " said Michael Cole-Schwartz , spokesman for Human Rights Campaign . "  In fact , our site crashed on Wednesday  March 27  from all of the traffic . I think that , anecdotally , there is reason to suggest it has helped from a fundraising perspective , and I think there 's a larger social good from the visibility . " On the "  larger good " point , Cole-Schwartz mentioned a message Human Rights Campaign received from a man who said his mom 's first show of support for him as an openly gay person was to change her Facebook profile image to the red equals sign . U.S. Sen. Jon Tester , from Montana , announced his public support for marriage equality by making the change on Facebook . And , Cole-Schwartz said , there is the likely possibility that closeted gay kids were comforted when they saw the flood of digital support for gay rights . Similarly , real-world action has accompanied the END IT movement 's red "  X " campaign . The group , which funded its activities with donations it collected from college kids at the Christian-themed Passion conference in January , has raised more than $ 200,000 for several anti-slavery organizations . All of that money went to noble nonprofits , not to the END IT movement itself , said Bryson Vogeltanz , the group 's "  chief steward . " Students at about 2,000 U.S. colleges and universities have "  done something " in response to the campaign , which began in February and culminated on Tuesday with the red "  X " project online , Vogeltanz told me . The Polaris Project , the group that runs an anti-trafficking hot line , says its call volume was up 65 % in January , to 2,850 calls , in part because that 's when the END IT movement launched at the Christian youth conference . Megan Fowler , a spokesman for the Polaris Project , said calls were up this week , too , although it 's harder to tease out the source , because the group on Tuesday announced a partnership with Google to create the Global Human Trafficking Hotline Network . And , most tellingly , a young woman in Texas , Vogeltanz told me , was rescued from sex trafficking because someone who had heard about the END IT movement questioned whether she was in trouble . Her family thought she had run away from home , he said . None of that sounds like slacking to me . If you want to help end modern slavery , I 'd encourage you to visit the "  action " section of the END IT movement 's website and also CNN 's Freedom Project blog . We have a list of reputable nonprofit groups , both internationally and listed by country . There also is a list of anti-trafficking hot lines around the world ; a guide to help parents and educators figure out how to talk to kids about slavery ; and a list of signs that a person may be the victim of human trafficking . The Polaris Project also recently created a texting feature , in part to help people who are victims of sex trafficking or slavery . People who are in trouble , or who suspect they have witnessed trafficking , can text "  help " to "  BEFREE "  233733  . If you have other ideas , please share them in the comments below . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	The END IT movement is drawing attention to modern slavery An estimated 27 million people are enslaved today John Sutter : Their online efforts could be disparaged as "  slacktivism " He says their online campaigns , however , have led to real-world change
CNN  -- Forget the Loch Ness Monster -- Scotland has a new pair of mythical beasts to lure curious tourists to its shores . Standing proudly 25 miles from Edinburgh , "  The Kelpies " are the world 's largest equine sculptures , and it is hoped they 'll become just as famous as old "  Nessie . " The name , rooted in Celtic folklore , refers to a supernatural water horse that was said to stalk the rivers and lochs of Scotland . Despite that fertile source of inspiration , sculptor Andy Scott opted to shun the esoteric to stay rooted in reality , creating a piece that performs a dual role -- as a monument to industry and a beacon of regeneration . "  Rather than go along the line of the mythical sea horses and all that wifty wafty Scottish stuff , I erred much more towards the heritage of workhorses and our industrial and agricultural past , " he told CNN . "  The horses would have drawn the barges along the canals originally , so there was a great relevance with central Scotland and the Falkirk area . "  They really are quite imposing , it 's a flat estuary down there and they really have a presence on the landscape and work very well against the hills . "  That sense of scale was really important to me and I 've been justified in my intent there . " Standing 30 meters tall and utilizing six kilometers of steel , "  The Kelpies " were seven years and $ 8 million in the making . They are part of a wider $ 70 million project to transform 350 hectares of land in the Forth Valley , equidistant between Edinburgh and Glasgow , in the hope that up to 350,000 tourists will visit each year . Billed under a project called "  Living Landmarks , " the sculptures underline the impact that art on a grand scale can have in transforming an area . "  I can only hope that is what happens and they do act as a catalyst for a sense of pride and regeneration , to draw people to the area , " Scott said . "  It would be churlish to ignore the impact of ` the Angel of the North '  by Antony Gormley  , and one of my personal favorites , Anish Kapoor 's ` Cloud Gate in Chicago . ' "  I 've been over there a few times to have a look at how it 's been instrumental in regenerating that area of Millennium Park in Chicago . These things can have that effect . " So what is it about these great set-pieces that strike such a chord with the public ? "  Partially , it is the scale -- the sheer monumental nature of them draws people to them , " Scott explained . "  Media awareness , social media , word of mouth spreads the word , it spins out the attraction as it were , gives it that ` must see ' status . "  Already the story of ` The Kelpies ' has gone round the world and that really sets them on people 's agenda and makes people want to come and see them for themselves . "  I think another thing these large pieces do is that they change as an artwork and your perception of them from a distance , when you might see them as horses on the landscape but then the closer you get they become much more of an architectural feature . "  I was determined from the beginning that the public should be allowed inside them , to actually see the engineering and the scale from the inside . "  They are recognizable objects and that immediately throws out a line of engagement with the audience that perhaps some other abstract pieces do n't . "  I think the figuratively , recognizable nature of the horses seems to be drawing a fair amount of comment . " The two sculptures were modeled on actual Clydesdale horses called Barron and Duke , and Scott made two small-scale maquettes standing three meters high . The 18,000 components that made up each Kelpie were then forged in Yorkshire before they were painstakingly assembled on-site over the course of six months . Not only is the scale so striking but the dynamic between the two horses captivates too -- one looking down , the other rearing up . "  What I wanted to do was create some sense of dramatic tension between the two , " Scott said . "  I mulled over different options of poses but I reckon that dynamic tension creates a bit of a narrative , and the viewers can make up their own stories and engage with them . "  It would have been arguably much simpler to make a mirror image of each on either side of the canal , but that certainly creates that more dramatic sight line . "  You always catch a glimpse of the other one from the other side . "	The Kelpies in central Scotland are the world 's largest pair of equine sculptures At a total cost of $ 8 million , each horse towers 30 meters above the ground The work of sculptor Andy Scott , they pay tribute to Scotland 's industrial heritage Kelpies are part of a wider project to regenerate the area at a cost of $ 70 million
SWAT VALLEY , Pakistan  CNN  -- The boys shuffle into the room in a remote army base high in the mountains of Pakistan 's Swat Valley . They are disheveled , disoriented . These boys say they were kidnapped by the Taliban and trained to be suicide bombers . There are no smiles , their eyes stare at the floor . These are the lost souls of Pakistan 's battle with the Taliban . Each has a story of terror to tell , but the trauma runs so deep they ca n't even begin to properly find the words to describe what they have been through . That task is best left to the psychiatrist who , with her team , was brought in to try to pick through the pieces of this nightmare ; to make sense of the brutality here and try to put broken lives back together . Watch Stan Grant 's report on the boys " Dr. Fareeha Peracha describes these boys variously as "  psychotic , " "  depressed , " and in some cases , "  psychopathic . " "  They have been brainwashed . Brainwashed against people like you and me , " she said . CNN was given limited access to about a dozen boys . They had all been kidnapped by the Taliban and taken to camps where they would be trained to kill ; trained to be suicide bombers . Watch Grant 's exclusive interview with a wanted a Taliban leader " CNN can not reveal the boys ' names ; they have handkerchiefs tied across their faces to conceal their identities . The army fears they could face retribution should they be returned to their homes and families . The boys sit in a circle as I try to get them to open up about their ordeal . What happened ? Were they brutalized ? What did the Taliban ask them to do ? So many questions . They answer hesitatingly , their voices barely a whisper . "  The first day they beat us and then made us exercise , " one boy said . "  They made us run and told us you will wage jihad . " They said the Taliban especially poisoned their minds against the Pakistan army . "  They just told us that they  army  are against Islam , are against the Quran . They said wage jihad against them ; we are waging jihad for the Quran , " said another boy . They all say they were kidnapped by the Taliban , some snatched from fields and others from the towns they lived in . "  I was coming from the shop to my house , I had some stuff with me . They said , ` put your stuff in the car . ' I helped them put stuff in the car . They asked if they should drop me in my village , but when we reached the village they blindfolded me and put a hand over my mouth , " one boy said . The Taliban 's tactics seem to have worked . I ask one boy , would he kill for God ? He replied : "  Yes . " I asked the psychiatrist , Dr. Fareeha , if she believes the boys are capable of killing . "  Oh yes , " she said . "  Two of them would not even give it a thought . " The army freed the boys during fierce fighting with the Taliban . Now they are hoping to rehabilitate the boys and one day return them home . But Fareeha thinks that is a long way off -- if ever . She told army chiefs the boys are unpredictable . One boy , she said , told her if he had a suicide bomber 's jacket he would use it , that if he had a Kalashnikov , he would shoot . Of course , it is impossible to verify all of the accounts of the boys , but the doctors have no doubt about their trauma . Fareeha told Army chiefs that these boys were just a tip of the iceberg . After talking to the boys , she believes there are possibly hundreds of others just like them . These boys are the victims of the Taliban 's uprising here . All they are left with are the terrible memories , the voices in their heads : the voices of the Taliban telling them to kill , they said .	Boys rescued from the Taliban in Pakistan are receiving psychiatric help They are abducted from their homes and are being trained for suicide missions Psychiatrist says they have been brainwashed ; fixing that will take time Army hopes the boys can one day return to their homes
CNN  -- The relationship between China and the United States is "  the most important " bilateral relationship in the world , a former Chinese foreign ministry official said Monday . Victor Zhikai Gao , now the director of the Beijing Private Equity Association , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that the United States should deal with Beijing "  with respect " and not be "  too abrasive . " "  That 's the minimum thing we can ask for , I believe , " he said on the eve of talks between President Obama and Chinese President Hu Jintao . Gao pointed out that China is now the United States ' largest creditor nation , holding foreign reserves of more than $ 2 trillion , about two-thirds of which are assets that are denominated in U.S. dollars . "  China-U.S. relations are the most important bilateral relations in the world , " Gao said . Obama appears keen to put past U.S.-Chinese disagreements behind him as he seeks Chinese cooperation on a host of issues from the global economy and climate change to nuclear proliferation . He 's also looking to China for leadership on how to deal with repressive regimes such as Myanmar and Sudan , both of which are friends of Beijing and major energy suppliers to China . Critics of the U.S. president say he is downplaying what was once a central tenet of U.S. foreign policy , the promotion of human rights and democracy , in order to persuade China to help the United States achieve its foreign policy goals . But Obama insists America "  will never waver in speaking up for the fundamental values that we hold dear . " Gao acknowledged global concern about China 's human rights record , admitting the situation is not perfect . "  But if you look at today 's human rights issues , and comparing that with what we had 30 years ago , 20 years ago , or 10 years ago , then China has made great improvements , " he said . Gao said China and the Chinese people are great admirers of America . But he said , "  China 's foreign policy is underlined by the principle of non-interference in each other 's internal affairs . If it is only up to the United States to discuss human rights issues in China , this is unbalanced . " He also tried to reassure critics in the United States , some of whom have accused China of manipulating its currency to keep the cost of Chinese goods artificially low , about the impact of China 's rapidly expanding economic power . By some estimates , China 's economy will be the same size as the U.S. economy by 2025 , though there will still be a huge gap in economic output per person . "  Let me make the record straight . Over the past few months since the outbreak of the financial crisis , China has continued to purchase Treasury bonds issued by the U.S. government , rather than reducing them in any way , " he said . "  So I think the American people need to realize that China has applied a very steady hand and very responsible hand in dealing with issues involving the dollar . " Gao said China has no desire to be an enemy of the United States . "  Both China and the United States need to give each other due respect and need to incentivize each other . And then we can work together towards a better peace and better world . "	Victor Zhikai Gao is now the director of the Beijing Private Equity Association Gao says the United States should deal with Beijing "  with respect " Gao says China has no desire to be an enemy of the United States
CNN  -- A political crisis in Honduras escalated Thursday as a defiant President Jose Manuel Zelaya Rosales , followed by hundreds of supporters , led a loud but peaceful protest to a military base in order to personally take possession of thousands of ballots to be used in a contested referendum Sunday . President Manuel Zelaya Rosales , middle , reviews troops with Gen. Romeo Vasquez Velasquez , right , in 2008 . Zelaya , a leftist elected in 2005 , suddenly found himself pitted against the other branches of government and military leaders over the issue of the referendum . The referendum at the center of the storm asks voters to place a measure on November 's ballot that would allow the formation of a constitutional assembly that could modify the nation 's charter to allow the president to run for another term . Zelaya , whose four-year term ends in January 2010 , can not run for re-election . The Hondurans Supreme Court had ruled the referendum illegal , and Congress and the top military brass agreed , but Zelaya remained steadfast . "  Sunday 's referendum will not be stopped , " Zelaya said at the entrance of the military base where boxes of ballots were removed from storage and put into trucks to be taken to the presidential palace . Moving the ballots prevented them from being voided or destroyed to comply with the court 's ruling of the illegality of the vote . Zelaya and his supporters braved an overcast and rainy day and sang the national anthem as the cardboard boxes filled with ballots were moved out of storage . "  We have the right to vote and the right to organize , " Zelaya said . "  The military should rectify their position in favor of the people and ignore the extortion of the elite . " The protest was the latest in a day of developments that have created a political crisis in a country where some 70 percent of the population lives in poverty . Earlier Thursday , the Supreme Court ordered that the military 's top commander be returned to his job immediately , a little more than 12 hours after Zelaya fired the general for saying the armed forces would not support the referendum . Gen. Romeo Vasquez Velasquez had said the military was caught in a difficult position because the Supreme Court had ruled earlier that the referendum is illegal , but Zelaya was going ahead with the vote and instructed the armed forces to provide security . The heads of the army , navy and air force had resigned to show their support for Vasquez . Zelaya referred to the court as the "  Supreme Court of Injustice " after their ruling . The court ruled 5-0 that Zelaya violated the general 's constitutional rights by firing him without cause , said magistrate Rosalina Cruz . Also on Thursday , the National Congress convened an emergency session at which many members lauded Vasquez and the military , calling them "  heroes . " The general 's firing was arbitrary , many members said . The president of the Congress , Roberto Micheletti , said the assembly unconditionally supports the armed forces for respecting the constitution , news reports said . In another blow for Zelaya , the Supreme Electoral Tribunal said Thursday the referendum is illegal . The military chief had said after he was fired that he respected the president 's decision to dismiss him but could not violate a Supreme Court order last week that prohibited the military from supporting the referendum . "  We are soldiers and we have to comply with our responsibilities , " Vasquez said early Thursday . "  We are not afraid of any judge , " he said . "  We are only afraid of the judge of history . " Zelaya said he would ask the Organization of American States to investigate the "  crisis , " which he said was being perpetrated by people who want to hurt democracy in Honduras . Congress passed a law Tuesday night that would prohibit a referendum 180 days before or after the planned November general election . Under that law , Sunday 's referendum could not be held . Politicians huddled Thursday as tension gripped the nation . Rumors of a coup had been circulating for days , heightened Wednesday when the armed forces were placed on high alert and held training exercises to prepare for civil disturbances and urban warfare , news reports said . There were no signs of any military intervention Thursday , though . David Matamoros , a member of the nation 's Supreme Electoral Tribunal , said on CNN affiliate Televicentro that the election panel supports the military 's action . The military ruled Honduras for 25 years , until a democratically elected civilian government came to power in 1982 . Zelaya narrowly won the presidency on November 27 , 2005 , garnering 49.8 percent of the vote to 46.1 percent for Porfirio "  Pepe " Lobo .	NEW : President Jose Manuel Zelaya Rosales : "  Referendum will not be stopped " NEW : Zelaya leads protest , takes ballots for controversial referendum Honduran Supreme Court orders top commander back on job Heads of Honduran army , navy and air force resign in show of support for general
An American man died last weekend in Syria while fighting for ISIS , the latest evidence of the reach of a terror group that 's become increasingly powerful and feared in the eyes of Americans . Douglas McAuthur McCain , 33 , died in a battle between rival extremist groups in the suburbs of Aleppo , Syria 's once-bustling commercial capital and largest city , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a British-based group that monitors the conflict . The man 's uncle , Ken McCain , said that his nephew had gone to fight as a jihadi and that the U.S. State Department told the family Monday about the death . Like U.S. officials , the group characterized McCain as an ISIS fighter and said he was killed battling al-Nusra Front , an al Qaeda-linked organization that the U.S. government has blacklisted as a foreign terror organization . McCain was not the first American to fight alongside militants in Syria . Attorney General Eric Holder estimated this summer that there are 7,000 foreign fighters in the war-ravaged Middle Eastern nation . More than 100 Americans are among those who have tried to join various militant groups in Syria , U.S. officials say . While some are aligned with ISIS , the fighters shift allegiance and it 's difficult to pin down a specific number , officials say . U.S. : Jihadi in suicide bombing video grew up in Florida Nor was McCain the first of these American militants to die in Syria . Islamists touted the role of a 22-year-old man -- identified by State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki as Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha , who grew up and went to school in Florida -- in a northern Syria suicide bombing conducted in coordination with al-Nusra Front . Yet McCain 's death takes on added significance , perhaps urgency , given that he 's believed to be the first American killed while fighting with ISIS . Until now , Washington largely has limited its involvement in Syria to diplomatic efforts and supporting "  moderate opposition , " as described by Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Martin Dempsey and others , that is fighting to unseat Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . That 's the same goal as ISIS , which aims to rule a caliphate , known as the Islamic State , spanning Iraq and Syria . Even so , the United States initiated airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq this month and signaled that it might next go after the group inside Syria . And it has begun gathering intelligence on ISIS in Syria , potentially ahead of more airstrikes there . ISIS has threatened to kill more Americans if the U.S. continues to go after it . But the fact McCain was among its ranks adds another fear : That the group includes other Americans who , rather than dying on the battlefield , might inflict harm stateside . "  There 's real concern that they could take what they 've learned ... come back home and conduct terror attacks , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby told CNN . "  So I think  McCain  is a stark reminder of the inside threat that foreign fighters  in ISIS  can pose . " Official : Obama weighing options against ISIS in Syria Who was Douglas McCain ? Little was immediately known publicly about McCain 's life , beyond how it ended . He attended San Diego City College , though its spokesman Jack Beresford would not say when McCain attended , for how long or for what purpose . Several years ago , according to his uncle , McCain converted from Christianity to Islam -- the first step on his journey to Syria . The family was n't alarmed by his conversion , but his Facebook posts sympathetic to ISIS got their attention . When they last heard from him several months ago , McCain said he was traveling to Turkey , according to his uncle . The fact that McCain became a jihadi left his family "  devastated " and "  just as surprised as the country , " said Ken McCain , who lives in Minnesota . He described the nephew he knew as "  a good person , loved his family , loved his mother , loved his faith " -- the latter being a reference to the Christianity he practiced before his conversion . U.S. counterterrorism investigators had been looking into McCain 's activities for some time before his death , one U.S. official said . He was on a list of Americans who are believed to have joined militant groups and who would be stopped and subjected to additional scrutiny if he traveled , according to the official . Retired U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Mark Kimmitt , who had top roles in the State and Defense Departments in President George W. Bush 's administration , said he expects more stories like McCain 's . "  The ability to travel into these countries demonstrates how porous the borders are , " Kimmitt said . "  I think we need to understand that there 's going to be more of this rather than less of this . " California man arrested , wanted to join ISIS Fears over Westerners in terror groups Syria 's civil war has been brewing for three years . In the absence of a unified rebel front , many groups -- some moderate , some more secular , some extremist -- have tried to fill the void . Much of the time , they 've battled al-Assad 's forces , though there has also been infighting among them . Among these rebel groups , one has emerged recently in the public 's consciousness : ISIS . That 's as much due to its brazenness and viciousness as to its success . The general command for al Qaeda -- itself responsible for the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks -- went so far as to disown ISIS and blame it for "  the enormity of the disaster that afflicted the Jihad in Syria . " Who is ISIS ? Yet the group has thrived . It has taken more and more territory in Iraq and Syria , sometimes overrunning government forces while terrorizing civilians . ISIS 's stature grew even more internationally with the recent beheading of American journalist James Foley , a killing it videotaped and then put online . "  They are beyond just a terrorist group , " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said last week . "  They marry ideology , a sophistication of strategic and tactical military prowess . "  This is beyond anything we have seen , and we must prepare for everything . " These preparations include tracking Westerners like McCain . In addition to whatever they might do against allies and civilians in the Middle East , U.S. officials worry that they could bring their groups ' brand of terror back home . Assistant Attorney General John Carlin said last month that getting intelligence on such Americans who fight in Syria and making sure they do n't bring that right back home is "  a top priority . " "  We have increased our capacity , we have increased our tracking , we have increased our coordination , " Psaki said . " ... This is a threat that we take seriously enough to put it at the front and center of our agenda . " Man arrested after overseas trip , accused of sympathizing with ISIS Opinion : ISIS : Is it really a threat to the U.S. ?	More than 100 Americans have tried to join militants in Syria , U.S. officials say Pentagon official : McCain "  a stark reminder of the inside threat  from  foreign fighters " U.S. official : Threat of jihadis returning to U.S. "  front and center of our agenda " McCain converted to Islam years ago ; family saw Facebook posts sympathetic to ISIS
The Libyan government on Sunday declared a three-day national mourning period after the country 's first suicide bombing since the fall of the Gadhafi regime more than two years ago . At least 13 people were killed in the attack on a checkpoint leading to the eastern gates of Libya 's second city , Benghazi , early Sunday , the government said . Most of those killed were soldiers and members of the security forces , the government said . At least two others were still missing in the aftermath of what has been described as a powerful blast . A security official told the state news agency LANA that a suicide bomber rammed his vehicle into the Barsis checkpoint -- about 50 kilometers  30 miles  east of Benghazi -- killing and wounding security forces and civilians who were in the area . The security situation in Benghazi has been worsening over recent months with a noticeable uptick in bombings and assassinations that have mostly targeted members of the security forces . While no one has claimed responsibility for these attacks , many residents blame the violence on Islamist militants in the eastern region , and some of these groups have ties to al Qaeda . People in Benghazi and the eastern city of Derna , angered by the increasing bloodshed , have recently taken to the streets protesting against extremist groups . One group many have accused of being responsible for attacks on the security forces is Ansar al-Sharia , the same group the United States believes attacked its consulate in Benghazi last year , killing U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . Ansar al-Sharia has denied involvement in the attack on the consulate and other acts of violence targeting security forces . Last month fierce fighting erupted in Benghazi between soldiers from the army 's special forces , who have been trying to secure the city , and members of Ansar al-Sharia . At least nine people were killed in the rare confrontation between security forces and militants . The weak central government has been struggling to secure the country , especially the city of Benghazi where militants have attacked diplomatic missions forcing western countries to shut down their consulates . The United States , the United Kingdom and other countries advise their nationals against traveling to Benghazi . Earlier this month , an American teacher in the city was shot dead while jogging . No one has claimed responsibility for his killing . As locals and security forces began confronting militants , analysts monitoring the violence trends in Benghazi have been concerned about an escalation in violence and shift in tactics used by these groups . "  This cowardly act is an attempt to obstruct the strenuous efforts made by members of the national army , with the Thunderbolt  special  forces at the forefront , to establish security and preserve the life of citizens in Benghazi , " the government said in its statement . Widow of American teacher forgives attackers who killed her husband in Libya	Three days of mourning to mark first suicide attack since Gadhafi regime 's fall Most of the dead were soldiers and members of security forces , government says No one has claimed responsibility ; residents have protested rising Islamist violence
CNN  -- They were taken before Marilyn Monroe became branded as the voluptuous blonde who oozed sex appeal in dozens of Hollywood films . A 24-year-old Marilyn Monroe poses for Life magazine in August 1950 . They were taken before rumors of an affair with President John F. Kennedy swirled and her mental breakdowns became public . They were taken before the beautiful actress 's mysterious overdose that resulted in her death at the age of 36 . In a collection discovered by Life.com last month , unpublished photographs of Monroe reveal a softer , more innocent 24-year-old budding starlet in a more peaceful time , before her fame peaked . Her flawless face bears a natural look with minimal makeup , unusual for the star , who was often glamorized in photo shoots with lipstick , designer dresses and expensive jewelry . Monday would have been Monroe 's 83rd birthday . In one photo , the young Monroe lies in bliss , reading on a park bench , which editors at Life.com believe was shot at Griffith Park in Los Angeles , California . In another , her face is serene as she is perched over a bridge barefoot . The shoot , which dates to 1950 , was conducted by Life photographer Ed Clark . It 's a side of Monroe that the American public has rarely seen . "  She has n't really exploded as a star , yet she was on the brink of something big , " says Dawnie Walton , deputy editor at Life.com , a Web site harboring more than 7 million Life magazine photographs . The site was launched in March . "  I was amazed looking at her face . Although she looks very innocent , there is something very ... sexy . " Last month , Walton stumbled upon the rare photographs while combing through the company 's digital photo archives . Apparently , no one at Life.com even knew they were ever taken . Upon investigating the photos , Walton says , she found there were few notes left on the negatives . She says the photos were probably taken for a cover shoot that was never used . Monroe appeared on her first Life magazine cover in 1952 . See some of the previously unpublished photos of Monroe " "  It just got lost and stowed away , " Walton said . "  It was just ... somewhere in a warehouse in New Jersey . " At the time the photos were shot , Monroe had her first small breakout role as a mistress in "  The Asphalt Jungle . " The star was better known as a model at the time , though she 'd had a handful of cameos in films . Photographer Ed Clark told the Sarasota Herald-Tribune a friend from 20th Century Fox alerted him that the studio had just signed "  a hot tomato . " "  She was unknown then , so I was able to spend a lot of time shooting her , " Clark said . "  We 'd go out to Griffith Park and she 'd read poetry . I sent several rolls to Life in New York , but they wired back , ` Who the hell is Marilyn Monroe ? ' " Photographs later in the 1950s and early 1960s would display a much more confident and sexual Monroe -- images that would become iconic in popular culture . There is the famous photograph of a busty Monroe in a white halter dress , standing with her skirt blowing up in 1955 for her role in "  The Seven Year Itch . " In 1962 , American photographer Bert Stern shot a tipsy , sometimes nude Monroe in a series of delicate shots that would be known as "  The Last Sitting . " Monroe died about six weeks later , on August 5 , 1962 . Life.com staff members say there are 15 million photographs in the Life archive dating back to the late 1850s , even before Life officially began publishing in 1936 . Two years ago , the publication began slowly transferring the photographs into a digital archive . From time to time , unpublished photographs will be found that the company does n't know existed . Other times , the photographs may have been taken but never selected to be used for publication . Last March , to commemorate the 11th anniversary of Frank Sinatra 's death , Life.com released a series of unpublished photographs of the singer . In April , Life.com released newly recovered , never-before-seen photographs of Martin Luther King Jr. taken by a Life photographer on the day King was assassinated at a Memphis , Tennessee , hotel in 1968 .	Unpublished photos of Monroe shot by a Life photographer surfaced in May The photos , taken in Los Angeles , California , show a more innocent Monroe Life.com has over 7 million images , and lost images are occasionally recovered The Monroe pictures were "  in a warehouse in New Jersey "
CNN  -- The separatist group behind a series of bombings on a Spanish vacation island marks the 50 year anniversary of its struggle this year , a milestone that sees it no closer to achieving its goal . Police cordon off the route leading to the location of the latest blasts in Palma de Mallorca . ETA , which is fighting for the independence of Spain 's northern Basque region , was said to be behind three bombs that detonated on the island of Mallorca on Sunday without hurting anyone . The latest incident appears to be part of a new wave of attacks , including another in Mallorca which killed two Civil Guard officers in July , which have left a 2006 cease-fire a distant memory . The violent resurgence also defies Spanish government claims that the group 's operational capabilities have been broken by a series of high profile arrests in Spain and France . ETA , blamed for more than 800 deaths and listed as a terrorist group by Spain the European Union and the United States , began campaigning for Basque independence in 1959 . The group , whose full name Euskadi Ta Askatasuna means "  Basque Homeland and Freedom " in the Basque language , killed what some say was its first victim in 1968 . Since then it waged a campaign of violence against the Spanish state , targeting politicians , policemen , judges and soldiers , often clocking up numerous civilian casualties with deadly car bombs . In 1980 alone ETA was blamed for 118 deaths , and in 1995 it nearly succeeded in assassinating Jose Maria Aznar , then leader of the opposition and later Spain 's prime minister . On September 16 , 1998 , the organization declared a "  unilateral and indefinite " cease-fire , raising hopes that its campaign was at an end . ETA called off the cease-fire in November 1999 , however , and 2000 saw a sharp escalation in violence . Another unilateral cease-fire was declared in March 2005 , with ETA raising hopes for a lasting peace by declaring it "  permanent . " It was called off by ETA in June 2006 following numerous more ETA attacks . At the center of the struggle is a region know as Euskal Herria in Basque . The area straddles the western end of the Pyrenees , covering 20,664 square kilometers in northern Spain and southern France . See map of territory claimed by Basque separatists Spain officially recognizes three Basque provinces , Alava , Guipuzcoa and Vizcaya . A fourth neighboring province , Navarra , is of Basque heritage . Separatists consider these four provinces plus three in France -- Basse Navarre , Labourd and Soule -- as the Basque country , with a population approaching 3 million . The area has always possessed a fiercely independent instinct . The Basque people are the oldest indigenous ethnic group in Europe and have lived uninterrupted in the same region since the beginning of recorded history . Their language , Euskera , which is spoken regularly by about 40 percent of Basque inhabitants , bears no relation to any other Indo-European tongue and dates back to before the Romans arrived in Spain . For many centuries the Basques of Spain enjoyed a strong degree of autonomy . The Basque region 's hilly landscape helped keep its people isolated from outside influences . In the Spanish Civil War , two Basque provinces -- Guipuzcoa and Viscaya -- fought against Gen. Francisco Franco , while the provinces of Alava and Navarra fought for Franco . Under Franco 's dictatorship  1939-75  , most of the Basque region had its remaining autonomy rescinded . Its culture , people and language were suppressed . ETA and its demands for an independent Basque state arose in 1959 in the midst of this suppression . ETA has focused its activities on the Spanish side of the border . For many years France provided a safe haven for ETA members , a situation that began to change in the mid-1980s . The organization has financed its campaign through kidnapping , bank robbery and a so-called "  revolutionary tax " on Basque businesses -- a payment widely regarded as plain extortion . According to the counter-terrorism office of the U.S. State Department , ETA members received training in Libya , Lebanon and Nicaragua , while the group also enjoyed close links with the Irish Republican Army . The Good Friday peace accord influenced ETA to call its cease-fire in 1998 .	Basque separatist group ETA formed in 1959 began violent campaign in 1968 Most recent cease-fire collapsed in 2007 despite pledges of permanence Group blamed for more than 800 deaths , including many civilians
Obesity rates in children 2 to 5 years old have decreased significantly over the past decade , according to a new study published Tuesday . While there were no significant changes in obesity rates for most ages between 2003-2004 and 2011-2012 , researchers saw a 43 % decline in this group 's rates -- from 13.9 % to 8.4 % , according to the study published in JAMA , the journal of the American Medical Association . A big part of a child 's obesity risk is already established by age 5 , according to a study published in January . The study findings were announced the same day as first lady Michelle Obama proposed new rules to limit the types of foods and beverages that can be advertised in schools and marked the fourth anniversary of her Let 's Move ! initiative to combat child obesity . Under the suggested federal regulations , companies would no longer be permitted to use logos of high-calorie products such as regular sodas on cups , vending machines or posters . The move is part of the first lady 's ongoing efforts to combat childhood obesity in America . According to the new JAMA study , close to 17 % of children aged 2 to 19 were obese in 2011-2012 . That number has remained fairly constant since 2003-2004 , dropping just 0.2 % . More than a third of adults over 20 were obese that same year , a number that held steady over the study 's time period . The prevalence is often higher in women and in Hispanic and non-Hispanic black populations . Four years ago this month , Obama announced that she was taking on childhood obesity with a new initiative called Let 's Move ! The comprehensive program was part parental education , part government reform -- with a bit of celebrity encouragement thrown in . "  About one-third of our children are overweight or obese . None of us want that for our country , " Obama said at the time . "  It 's time to get moving . " Let 's Move ! had several objectives under its broader ambition of "  solving the challenge of childhood obesity within a generation . " Obama wanted to increase physical activity and improve nutrition in schools , overhaul nutrition labels to make healthy choices easier for families , decrease the number of calories in restaurant meals and eliminate food deserts -- areas without access to fresh , healthy foods -- in cities across America . First Lady : Childhood obesity is about fitness , not looks In December 2010 , President Barack Obama signed the Healthy , Hunger-Free Kids Act into law , which was designed to encourage better eating habits in schools by giving the federal government more authority to set standard for food sold on school grounds . The $ 4.5 billion act provided more money to subsidize free meals and help administrators offset the higher costs of including more fruits and vegetables in school lunches . Then in June 2011 , the USDA dismantled the traditional food pyramid and replaced it with a new icon called MyPlate . The plate emphasizes fruits and vegetables , telling Americans to fill half of every plate they eat with produce . Another quarter of the plate should be lean protein ; the last quarter should be whole grains . A small portion of dairy -- perhaps a glass of low-fat milk -- can be added on the side . The first lady also tackled nutrition and physical education in childcare facilities around the country . Let 's Move ! offers guidelines for childcare providers : one to two hours of physical activity a day ; limited screen time ; more fruits and vegetables at meals served family-style when possible ; no fried foods and no sugary drinks . And that 's not all . "  Food manufacturers have pledged to cut 1.5 trillion calories from the products they sell . Local grocers and national chains such as Walgreens and SuperValu are building new supermarkets and expanding existing stores to sell fresh food in 1,500 underserved communities , " Obama wrote in an op-ed for CNN in 2012 . "  Restaurants are transforming their kids ' menus , packing them with healthier options . Mayors are planting gardens and refurbishing parks . Congregations are sponsoring summer nutrition programs for kids and exercise ministries for families . " Even Disney and the Department of Defense are jumping on board . In January 2012 , the USDA issued its new rules for school meals , which are being phased in over a three-year period . Cafeterias must offer fruits and vegetables at every meal , reduce sodium and some types of fat and keep to calorie minimums and maximums . The government agency followed up six months later with new rules for snack foods . The regulations set limits for fat , salt and sugar sold in school vending machines and snack bars . The USDA has faced opposition over the new rules -- from student athletes who say they 're not getting enough calories to administrators who say kids just are n't buying the healthier options . Which raises the question : With all these new guidelines and regulations , are kids really getting any healthier ? It 's a difficult question to answer , as the most comprehensive data collections about obesity are still a few years behind . But there have been signs of progress . Steven Hanus , a elementary physical education teacher in the Chicago suburbs , says he 's noticed a change in his students -- and their parents -- over the past five years . Overall , the kids are in better shape , he says . Parents are asking Hanus more questions as well , about how to keep their kids moving at home . And he 's received strong support from administrators in his quest to find new ways to interest students in fitness . Recently , his first-graders were given pedometers for the first time . Related : Not your mama 's gym class "  From our top level down , the initiative to keep kids moving and active has definitely been a big part of the district , " Hanus says . "  It 's made us all a little more aware of how active we are . " Another study published in August 2013 that analyzed data from preschool children in low-income families showed a small but significant decline in the group 's obesity rates between 2008 and 2011 . "  It 's a bright spot for our nation 's young kids , but the fight is very far from over , " CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said at the time . Obama agrees . "  While childhood obesity rates are beginning to fall , we still have a long way to go before we solve this problem once and for all , " the first lady said Tuesday . "  We ca n't slow down and we ca n't turn back now . " Let 's Move ! recommends children engage in physical activity for a total of 60 minutes every day , and adults should move for 30 minutes daily . Show the White House how you move on Twitter , Facebook , Instagram and Vine using the hashtag #LetsMove .	A new study shows a decrease in obesity rates for kids ages 2-5 Research has shown a child 's lifetime obesity risk is established by age 5 Michelle Obama proposes new limits on food/beverage advertising in schools
CNN  -- Eunice Kennedy Shriver , the sister of President John F. Kennedy and a champion of the disabled who founded the Special Olympics , died Tuesday , the Special Olympics said . She was 88 . Eunice Kennedy Shriver speaks at a dinner in honor of the Special Olympics in July 2006 . Born on July 10 , 1921 , in Brookline , Massachusetts , Shriver was the fifth of nine children to Joseph P. and Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy . She emerged from the long shadow of siblings John F. Kennedy , Robert F. Kennedy and Sen. Edward M. Kennedy as the founder of the Special Olympics , which started as a summer day camp in her backyard in 1962 . Today , 3.1 million people with mental disabilities participate in 228 programs in 170 nations , according to the Special Olympics . "  She was the light of our lives , a mother , wife , grandmother , sister and aunt who taught us by example and with passion what it means to live a faith-driven life of love and service to others , " the Shriver family said Tuesday in a statement . "  For each of us , she often seemed to stop time itself -- to run another Special Olympics Games , to visit us in our homes , to attend to her own mother , her sisters and brothers , and to sail , tell stories , and laugh and serve her friends . " No final decision has been made on funeral arrangements , a source close to the family said . Shriver 's husband , R. Sargent Shriver , and her five children and their spouses and all of her 19 grandchildren were with her when she died , the Special Olympics said in a statement . Watch a look at Eunice Kennedy Shriver 's life " "  We are tremendously grateful for the extreme outpouring of support and prayer from the public as we honor our beloved founder , " Brady Lum , Special Olympics president and chief operating officer , said in a statement Tuesday . "  Today we celebrate the life of a woman who had the vision to create our movement . It is an enormous loss , but I know we can rest assured that her legacy will live on through her family , friends , and the millions of people around the world who she touched and transformed . " Even before launching the Special Olympics in 1968 , Shriver had established a reputation as an advocate for the disenfranchised and a trailblazer for the rights of the disabled through a variety of roles in the private and public sector . She also persuaded the Kennedy family to go public with one of its most guarded secrets . In September 1962 , Shriver wrote an article about her mentally disabled sister , Rosemary , which was published in The Saturday Evening Post . At an event honoring her in 2007 , Shriver spoke of her life : "  Most people believe I spent my whole life really interested in only one thing and that one thing is working to make the world a better place for people with intellectual disabilities . "  As important as it has been , it is not the whole story of my life . My life is about being lucky as a child to be raised by parents who loved me and made me believe in possibilities . It is also about being lucky to have had these extraordinary children . ... It is also about being especially lucky to have a wonderful husband . " Watch Shriver reflect on her life " At the same event , Edward Kennedy paid tribute to his sister , saying she had inherited the best qualities from his parents , including compassion . "  She had that sense no one should be left out or left behind . She picked this up , obviously , at a very early age . All of us could see that special relationship that Eunice had with Rosemary . " After receiving a degree in sociology from Stanford University in Palo Alto , California , Shriver worked for the U.S. State Department in the Special War Problems Division from 1943 to 1945 , helping former prisoners of war readjust to civilian life . From 1947 to 1948 , she worked for $ 1 at the Department of Justice as executive secretary for the National Conference on Prevention and Control of Juvenile Delinquency . See highlights of Shriver 's public and private life " In the early 1950s , she was a social worker at a federal prison for women in West Virginia and in juvenile court in Chicago , Illinois . She married Sargent Shriver Jr. , a World War II veteran who was building his career as a lawyer and public servant , in 1953 . The couple 's five children include California 's first lady , Maria Shriver . Sargent Shriver had roles in many top government initiatives of the 1960s , including Head Start and the Peace Corps . He also worked with his wife on the Special Olympics . He ran President Johnson 's War on Poverty and was U.S. ambassador to France from 1968 to 1970 . He was Democrat George McGovern 's running mate in the 1972 presidential election . In 1957 , Eunice Shriver became executive vice president of the Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. . Foundation , which was established in 1946 to honor the family 's eldest son -- who was killed in World War II -- to research the causes of disabilities and to improve the treatment of disabled people . Watch Shriver receive a special honor " Her work with the foundation paved the way for a number of initiatives furthering the cause of disability advocacy . In 1962 she helped establish the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development , a government agency that conducts research on topics related to the health of children , adults and families that was named after Shriver in 2008 . Disturbed by the treatment of disabled people in institutions across the country in the 1950s and 1960s , Shriver began inviting disabled children to a summer day camp , called Camp Shriver , on her farm in Maryland . Her vision expanded over the years , and in July 1968 the first International Special Olympics Games were held in Chicago . She also assisted in the establishment of a network of university-affiliated facilities and intellectual disabilities research centers at major medical schools across the United States , including centers for the study of medical ethics at Harvard and Georgetown universities in 1971 . In 1981 , Shriver began the Community of Caring program to reduce disabilities among babies of teenagers . That led to the establishment of Community of Caring programs in 1,200 public and private schools from 1990 to 2006 . Along the way , Shriver earned worldwide accolades and awards , including the U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom , the World Sports Humanitarian Hall of Fame 's Founder 's Award and nine honorary degrees . In 1995 , the U.S. Mint issued a commemorative coin with her portrait . The Mint says that made her the first living woman to be depicted on an American coin . In 2009 , a painting of Shriver with several Special Olympians was added to the permanent collection of the National Portrait Gallery . See images from Shriver 's life " Her health began to fail in recent years , landing her in the hospital in 2005 after a minor stroke and hip fracture . She was hospitalized again in 2007 for an undisclosed ailment . In addition to her husband and daughter , Shriver is survived by her sons Robert Sargent Shriver III , Timothy Perry Shriver , Mark Kennedy Shriver and Anthony Paul Kennedy Shriver .	NEW : "  She often seemed to stop time itself , " family says in statement Sister of President Kennedy , Sen. Edward Kennedy dies at 88 Eunice Kennedy Shriver was Special Olympics founder , honorary chairwoman Husband R. Sargent Shriver , five children , 19 grandchildren with her at death
CNN  -- Canada could have an exploding whale problem . The carcasses of three blue whales , the world 's biggest mammals , washed up on the western shores of the island of Newfoundland this month , and now two towns with carcasses in their boundaries find themselves facing a huge predicament : How do they get rid of the decomposing leviathans before something bad happens , like an explosion ? That 's the fear of some of the 600 residents of Trout River , where an 81-foot-long , 60-ton carcass is bloating on the waterfront as methane gas inside expands , according to a report from CTV . "  I 'm not sure with the heat and gases that are trapped inside of this mammal if at some point in time it will explode , " Emily Butler , Trout River 's town clerk , said in an interview published in The Star . Jack Lawson , a scientist with Canada 's Department of Fisheries and Oceans , said a whale explosion is unlikely . He 's more worried someone could fall inside the decomposing beast . "  The  whale  skin is starting to lose its integrity and if someone were to walk along , say , the chin -- that is full of all that gas -- they could fall in the whale . The insides will be liquefied . Retrieving them would be very difficult , " Lawson , told the National Post . Excluding either of those scenarios , the decaying whales poses a stinky problem as tourist season nears . "  Normally we advertise whales to get people to come , where the restaurant is right on the beach and we often have whales in the cove frolicking about , but we do n't want a dead whale as an attraction , " Jenny Parsons , who owns the Seaside Restaurant in Trout River , told CBC News . A second blue whale carcass is in Rocky Harbour , where Mayor Walter Nicolle said the smell is getting worse by the day . He said the Canadian government has said local authorities in the town of 1,000 people must bear the responsibility and cost of removal , just as they must do in Trout River , according to the CBC . But Butler , who told the Western Star she originally considered asking local fishermen to tow the carcass out to sea , said her town does n't have the money or expertise to do so . "  I 'm not willing to take on the responsibility , " she is quoted as saying . "  If that whale does explode , we do n't know what danger that would be to our infrastructure , the longliner  fishing boat  itself , or to people . " And she said if the whale were towed out to sea , it could be considered a hazard to navigation by federal authorities . Lawson told Global News in most cases whales would be left to decompose where they lie . "  Normally , it would have washed ashore on a beach somewhere and would have slowly rotted away and the carnivores and predators would have worked at it until , in a few years time , there would only be bones left , " he said . Butler hopes that 's not the case in Trout River . "  It 's only going to be a matter of time before it warms up and the smell becomes unbearable , " she told Global News . The whales are believed to be among nine of the endangered species crushed or drowned by ice while feeding , according to a CTV report . While it is not unusual for marine mammals to be trapped by shifting ice , a denser ice pack has made the problem worse this year .	Dead blue whales have washed ashore in two Newfoundland towns Residents worry whales could explode as gases build up from decomposition Scientists says people should be wary of falling inside dead whale Towns say they 're being told removal is a local responsibility
CNN  -- Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer vetoed a bill late Monday that would have required President Barack Obama and other presidential candidates to prove they were American citizens , born in the United States , before their names could have been placed on the state ballot . The so-called "  birther bill " got final approval in the state House last week . Now that Brewer , a Republican , has vetoed it , the bill will not become law unless legislators vote to override her veto . "  As a former Secretary of State , I do not support designating one person as a gatekeeper to the ballot for a candidate , which could lead to arbitrary or politically-motivated decisions , " the governor wrote in a letter addressed to the Arizona House speaker . Under the measure , if there were any dispute about whether a candidate had proved he or she had been born in the United States , Arizona 's secretary of state would have the final say . "  This measure creates significant new problems while failing to do anything constructive for Arizona , " she added . Obama has been hounded by allegations since he began running for president in 2008 that he was not born in America . Critics contend , among other things , that he was born in his father 's home country of Kenya . The U.S. Constitution stipulates that only "  natural born " citizens are eligible to be president . Obama has insisted that he was born in Hawaii , and the allegations against him have been repeatedly discredited in investigations by CNN and other organizations . Nevertheless , the issue remains politically potent among segments of the electorate and has served as a rallying cry for many of the president 's opponents , most recently potential GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump . William Bennett 's take on Donald Trump The author of the so-called "  birther bill , " Arizona State Rep. Carl Seel , has said the bill was not targeted at Obama , but at "  maintaining the integrity of the Constitution . " Among other things , a candidate would have to show a copy of his or her birth certificate . If a birth certificate could n't be produced , a candidate would have to show a combination of baptismal or circumcision records , hospital birth files , postpartum medical records or other documents . Candidates also would have to submit affidavits declaring their citizenship as well as sworn statements regarding their residency for the previous 14 years . "  I never imagined being presented with a bill that could require candidates for President of the greatest and most powerful nation on earth to submit their ` early baptismal or circumcision certificates ' among other records to the Arizona Secretary of State . This is a bridge too far , " wrote Brewer . Fourteen other states are considering similar legislation this year , according to Jennie Bowser , a senior fellow with the National Conference of State Legislatures . Measures have failed in three states -- Connecticut , Maine and Montana . Obama 's sister criticizes ` birthers ' In an effort to counter the charges of the birthers , Obama 's 2008 campaign produced a "  certification of live birth , " a document traditionally accepted legally as confirmation of a birth . Both the current Hawaii governor , Neil Abercrombie , a Democrat , and the previous governor , Linda Lingle , a Republican , have insisted that Obama was born in their home state . Nearly 75 % of Americans believe Obama was definitely or probably born in the United States , according to a March 11-13 CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll . More than four in 10 Republicans , however , believe the president probably or definitely was not born in America .	Gov. Jan Brewer says the bill is "  a bridge too far " It would have required presidential hopefuls to prove they were born in the U.S. President Barack Obama has fought allegations that he was n't born in America
CNN  -- The nation 's foreclosure crisis threatened a high-profile victim this week : TV legend Ed McMahon , best known as Johnny Carson 's sidekick on "  The Tonight Show . " Ed McMahon and his wife , Pam , talk to CNN 's Larry King about their mortgage problems . The Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday that McMahon was $ 644,000 in arrears on a $ 4.8 million loan for a home in Beverly Hills , California , and his lender had filed a notice of default . McMahon and his wife , Pam , appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Thursday night to talk about their financial woes and other topics . Some highlights : Larry King : What did happen , Ed ? Ed McMahon : It 's a combination , it 's like a perfect storm . Economy problems . Selling the house right now is a tremendous operation ... . We 've had this house on the market for two years . We 've shown it , I do n't know how many , 50 organizations or people . Nobody has made an offer . I mean , it 's just a lovely home . I hate to leave it . I want to keep the home . I want this all to work out . Watch McMahon tell King what went wrong " King : And the payments , you ca n't make -- what 's the problem ? Ed McMahon : Well , if you spend more money than you make , you know what happens . And it can happen . You know , a couple of divorces thrown in , a few things like that . And , you know , things happen . You want everything to be perfect , but that combination of the economy , I have a little injury , I have a situation . And it all came together . King : Did you break your neck ? Ed McMahon : I broke my neck . I had a fall . ... King : Has that stopped you from working ? Ed McMahon : Oh , sure . You know , you ca n't work with this -LSB- brace -RSB- around your neck . And I have to wear this . King : But , Pam , the assumption is that the McMahons are multimillionaires and multimillionaires -- how much behind are you , $ 644,000 , right ? That 's what 's reported ? ... If you 're a millionaire , should n't you be able to pay $ 644,000 ? Pam McMahon : I think over the years , you know , it 's just a kind of a combination of maybe Ed working so hard and not kind of looking at proper management , which happens a lot . ... Because you 're a celebrity , people think you have a lot more than you have . And you always want to take great care of all of your friends and your family and everybody , and you do . And you do n't , and I think , you know , we did n't keep our eye on the ball . We made mistakes . King : And are they foreclosing ? Pam McMahon : Yes , they are . ... King : So you will lose this home ? Ed McMahon : It 's possible , yes . But now , I 'll tell you what 's happened , oddly enough . Today , all kinds of wonderful things have happened . New things have happened . And new interest in this house . Where the house had no interest , now there 's all kinds of , tons of interest . So who knows what 's going to happen . I 'm optimistic . ... King : Ed , why have you gone public ? Ed McMahon : Well , I figured I wanted to , in a sense , speak for the million people you mentioned -LSB- facing foreclosure -RSB- . I heard that figure today and I just could n't believe it . Anyway , the million people that now have foreclosure signs on their house , or nearby . And I just want to give them hope , give them optimism , give them some kind of guidance . Get the best corrective people you need around you . Keep working on it . Do n't stop . There 's a lot of people that are hard workers , did everything right , did n't do anything wrong , and all of a sudden , they 're in this boat . And I speak for all of them , as far as I 'm concerned .	Ed McMahon in danger of foreclosure on his multimillion dollar home Home has been on market for two years with no offers , McMahon tells Larry King McMahon blames bad economy , broken neck for difficulty making payments TV legend says he wants to speak for all who are in danger of losing homes
London  CNN  -- Stuffy classrooms , annoying classmates and uninspired teachers might be a few of the things that come to mind when reminiscing about school . Luckily , things have changed . An inventive new kind of "  school " for adults is popping up across the world offering to teach us the life lessons that formal education left out . Whether you 're eager to brush up on your HTML skills , worry less about money or find your inner leader there is a course or class out there for you . Thinking Business lists some of the most interesting learning spaces around the world . Staying innovative Hyper Island What : Hyper Island is n't really an island ; in fact , it 's a network of bustling hubs specializing in tech know-how , Hyper Island wants to arm individuals with tools to stay up to speed with digital developments . A cross between a university and friendly work lab , the school offers intensive courses on data insights and user experience as well as full-time MA degrees on Digital Media Management . Where : Learning hubs in Stockholm and Karlskrona in Sweden , Manchester in the UK , New York , Sao Paulo and Singapore and classes in a multitude of cities across the world from Vancouver to Kuala Lumpur Check out : Masterclass - Business Transformation for a two-day course on how to hack your organization and make it more digital , Masterclass - Digital Acceleration to challenge your preconceptions about the possibilities of digital media , Leadership Innovation Lab for how to build creative , inventive teams . General Assembly What : "  The one constant with technology is change , " says Jake Schwartz , co-founder and CEO of General Assembly . "  Technologies , frameworks and processes are going through a continual evolution . " Its true , workplaces do n't look the same as they did 10 years ago and to adapt to the rapid change in careers and workplace demands , General Assembly have taken it upon themselves to equip professionals looking for a digital edge . So far , 220,000 students have passed through their campuses across the world . Where : Sydney , Washington D.C. , San Francisco , New York , Melbourne , Seattle , Los Angeles , London , Hong Kong , Dallas , Chicago , Boston , Austin , Atlanta Check out : Advanced Social Media Strategies to learn what strategies work best for each platform , Programming for Non-Programmers Bootcamp for creatives and entrepreneurs who need to learn to speak geek , Intro to Adobe Illustrator to bring your creative ideas to life . MakeLab What : If you have n't already heard , 3D printing is the hottest tech trend around . And if viral pictures of 3D-printed food , clothes and car parts have inspired your inner maker , MakeLab offer small workshops where a skilled tutor will teach you how to make pretty much anything  within reason  . Where : Toronto Check out : MakeLab 's one-to-one sessions to get started with 3D printing . Boosting creativity Brooklyn Brainery What : Perhaps you are stuck in a creative rut or looking to impress friends with a new skill , either way Brooklyn Brainery covers everything from printmaking to HTML . All classes are suggested by attendees , so if you happen to be a New York resident , or in the area , feel free to propose a course topic . Where : New York Check out : Get Unstuck , Get Writing Again for blocked writers hoping to find their mojo , Brewshop 101 : Homebrewing Essentials at Bitter and Esters for everything you need to get your first batch going , Strategies for Behavior Management for anyone who works with kids MAKERHAUS What : When was the last time you made something with your hands ? Are you itching to get away from your screen and work on a tangible project ? MAKERHAUS want to inspire handiwork , and with a course list that spans woodwork , metal work and laser cutting -- there is a good chance that you 'll leave having made a masterpiece . Where : Seattle Check out : Introduction to Laser Cutting and Engraving , Introduction to CNC Routing , Introduction to 3D Printing with the Makerbot Replicator Improving well-being The School of Life What : Life is n't as complicated as it seems , and according to The School of Life , the challenges of our day to day can be tackled in surprisingly manageable chunks . Whether it 's choosing a new career , figuring how to deal with a broken relationship or questioning -- quite aptly -- the meaning of life , experts are regularly called upon to lead workshops that inspire new ways of thinking . Where : Headquartered in London , the school also has branches across the world in locations such as Paris , Sao Paulo and Melbourne . Check out : How to worry less about money to develop a healthier relationship with your dough , The courage to lead for a day-long intensive workshop to develop a better perspective on leading others and Managing work stress with yoga to learn and practice the science of enhancing your well-being . LifeLabs New York What : How much can you actually learn in two hours ? Well , you can learn how to change people 's minds , perfect your posture or get to grips with the art of being cool . LifelLabs simply want to remind us of how to make our lives better -- in 120 minutes . Combining intense learning with a dose lightheartedness  one lab took place underground  , these workshops are perfect for an after-work refresher . Where : New York Check out : The Body Language Lab for tips on how to increase rapport , The Coolness Lab to investigate what creates charisma and allure , Rapid Problem-Solving to learn new techniques for tackling issues big and small . Polishing business skills In Good Company What : Business has long been seen as a man 's domain however female entrepreneurs the world over are initiating and leading businesses into success . If you 're looking to start your own money-making project or simply want to meet like-minded women , In Good Company will provide just that . Where : New York Check out : What is your business worth ? for busineswomen looking to maximize value , Branding bootcamp to attract your ideal client for women who want to embody their brand and be more magnetic online and in person , Get S *** done work session for an accountable two hours to finally cross that task off your to-do list . School for Social Entrepreneurs What : Goodwill and business can go hand in hand , believe it or not . The School for Social Entrepreneurs , a non-academic facility based in Australia , is committed to training potential business leaders who are keen to create social ventures that benefit local communities . With a selection of practice-based long and short-term courses , SSE is perfect for those who are passionate about social enterprise . Where : Melbourne , Perth and Sydney Check out : Social Change 101 if you already have a social enterprise idea and need extra support , Bankstown Changemakers to build your own social business over four months	A new breed of "  schools " is emerging that teach all the important stuff formal education failed to Now , you can learn everything from assertiveness to how to launch a social enterprise to 3D printing Brush up your skills or learn something new and it could boost your career prospects CNN Thinking Business lists nine of the most interesting schools around the world
CNN  -- Call it a political "  fumble . " Republican Sen. Pat Roberts , who 's fighting for his political survival against independent candidate Greg Orman , got a highly coveted endorsement last week from Kansas State football coach Bill Snyder , who appeared in a 30-second ad for Roberts . But days later Snyder apologized for appearing in the ad . "  I made a mistake , " he said at a press conference Saturday after Kansas State 's football game against Oklahoma State . "  I 'm not going to delve into exactly how everything happened , but I made a mistake and I embarrassed the university and that 's my responsibility and that was my error . " Polls give GOP momentum going into midterms "  I 'm not going to speak to it anymore right now , but that 's my fault and nobody else 's , " he added . Asked if he wanted the ad taken down , he said "  yes . " Snyder did n't explain how he got involved with the ad . "  He is as good as it gets for the state of Kansas , " Snyder said in the spot . Video for the ad was shot on Kansas State 's campus , according to the Topeka Capital-Journal . The Capital-Journal also reported that Kansas State President Kirk Schulz said Roberts ' campaign refused to grant the university 's request to have the ad taken down . Senate control hinges on turnout CNN 's Steve Brusk and Jill Martin contributed to this report .	Kansas State football coach says appearing in an ad for Pat Roberts was a "  mistake " Bill Snyder said he "  embarrassed the university " but did n't explain why he regretted doing it
Beijing , China  CNN  -- In the wake of a series of court scandals , an influential Communist Party legal commission issued new guidelines this week asking for fairer due process in China 's much maligned court system . The guidelines , released by the Commission for Politics and Laws , call for interrogations to be recorded to prevent torture , defendants to have access to their attorneys , and judges , prosecutors and police to have a "  lifetime responsibility " for their roles on each case . "  China has been full of scandals about wrongful convictions of innocent people , " says Nicholas Bequelin , a senior researcher at Human Rights Watch . "  I think this is a response by the government and party that knows its citizens hold its judiciary in pretty low regard . " On Tuesday , a man who served 17 years of a life sentence for murdering his wife was freed after a Higher People 's Court in Anhui ruled that the "  facts about the alleged homicide were unclear and the evidence inadequate , " state news agency Xinhua reported . This and many similar cases have draw outrage on social media in China . "  Court cases in the past often deviate from regulations and were influenced by external causes , even though there has been clear regulations to guarantee defendants ' right , " says Professor Zhang Qianfan of Peking University . Zhang , a noted champion of legal reform , says courts do n't always follow regulations and the key test of reform will be implementation . Many of the guidelines are not new . China 's legislative body unveiled a new Criminal Procedure Act in 2012 that aimed to give defendants more rights , but was criticized for increasing police power . Rights groups regularly accuse Chinese security organs of torture and forced confessions in criminal cases . A landmark study  Criminal Justice in China : An Empirical Inquiry  completed in 2011 found that 95 % of those accused in China confess to their crimes . The announcement of legal reforms appears to be part of a broader effort by President Xi Jinping 's government . During a decade in power , China 's previous president Hu Jintao put the brakes on legal reform seen in the years after the chaos of the Cultural Revolution and in the wake of the Tiananmen Square massacre in 1989 . Several prominent legal minds in China were ostracized or sidelined . But for a ruling party whose chief aim is holding onto power , popular anger at the legal system may have reached a threshold . Many Chinese , who see a legal system beset with corruption and frequently influenced by the powerful , will often turn to petitioning and protest . "  There is clearly hope at the moment for momentum in legal reform , " says Bequelin . "  The leadership should understand that it 's in everyone 's best interest that the judiciary not only has a functional role , but is trusted by the people . " But for the ruling party , there are lines in the sand . "  If you recognize the rule of law as the fundamental guiding principle and the constitution as the abiding rule in China , then what does that mean for party control ? " says Carl Minzer , a China expert at Fordham Law School . Minzer believes there is little chance the party will loosen its grip over the courts through fundamental reforms . "  It would be a slippery slope towards greater and greater change that they may not be comfortable with , " he says . Party members , numbering more than 80 million , are essentially above the law . If suspected of crimes , they are dealt with the party disciplinary committees first before going through criminal procedures , if at all , experts say . "  There is a big discrepancy between the way China works on paper and how it works in practice , " says Minzer . Left out of the new guidelines altogether are the way the party deals with perceived political threats . Bequelin says that in sensitive cases where the party feels threatened , torture , ill treatment and extracted confessions are the norm . He does n't expect that to change . "  China has the toolbox to deal with people properly , but every single political case that I have worked on in a decade has been marked by extensive violations of procedure . "	Commission for Politics and Laws calls for reform of China 's court system Chinese court system has been criticized by people and human rights groups Skeptics say little is likely to change for Communist Party members
CNN  Would a taste of the finest Swiss chocolate make you happy ? Or soaking in the warm Icelandic springs ? Perhaps the great jazz and rock music scene in Denmark is for you ? It 's not just the fun activities that make locals and travelers to those countries happy , according to the third World Happiness Report , released by the Sustainable Development Solutions Network for the United Nations on April 23 . People who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support , experience more generosity , have more freedom to make life choices , have lower perceptions of corruption and have a higher gross domestic product per capita , the report shows . The tiny country of Bhutan , a very happy country famous for measuring the "  Gross National Happiness " of its people , gets the credit for focusing world attention on happiness : Its Prime Minister proposed the idea of a World Happiness Day to the United Nations in 2011 . Recognizing "  happiness and well-being as universal goals and aspirations in the lives of human beings around the world , " the U.N. General Assembly declared March 20 as World Happiness Day in 2012 . This officially designated happy date marked its fourth year last month . Through the happiness report , the Sustainable Development Solutions Network hopes to encourage governments at every level to measure and improve their people 's happiness . "  There is no single key to happiness , " said Jeffrey Sachs , the network 's director and an economics professor at Columbia University . "  All of these countries do well in several ways . Being rich ? That 's good , but it 's only a modest part of the story . Trusting society , having a government that ranks on low in corruption , a society where people are generous and volunteering -- all of these are important for happiness . " Even if you do n't live in one of the 10 happiest countries in the world , a visit to these happy places will give you a taste of what the locals enjoy every day . Here are the top 10 happiest places on Earth , according to the World Happiness Report . 1 . Switzerland Switzerland took the top spot from Denmark in 2015 , rising from third to first place in this year 's list of the world 's happiest countries . Bern , the capital city of Switzerland , has the cobblestone streets and medieval architecture that make it apparent why the old city is a UNESCO World Heritage Site . Since the city 's founding in the 12th century , it has expanded in an often neat and orderly fashion . And the lovely River Aare offers in-town swimming and boating . Looking to get out of the capital city ? Book a trip to Lucerne , where you can take a boat trip on the lake , ride the panorama gondola , take in the views on the new Dragon Ride aerial cableway and ride on the world 's steepest cog railway . Book the Golden Round trip and get all four trips -- and stunning views of the Alps -- in one day .  The railway reopens in mid-May . And no matter where you go , there will certainly be plenty of delicious chocolate to try . 2 . Iceland Nature and culture combine to make Iceland a truly happy place , so delightful that the tiny country jumped from ninth to second place this year . Explore South Iceland , where many of the ancient tales -- called sagas -- that document Iceland 's 10th - and 11th-century history are remembered . A two-hour drive from the capital city of Reykjavik , south Iceland is home to Vatnajokull Glacier , the 60-meter  197-foot  Skogafoss Waterfall and amazing fresh seafood .  Though you could probably skip the fermented shark ... No matter where you visit , there 's probably a geothermal swimming pool or hot spring spa to soak your weary bones after a long day of exploring . And when you get back to the capital , note that the renowned annual Reykjavik Art Festival will take place from May 17 through June 7 . 3 . Denmark Never mind that Denmark lost the top spot this year and is now the third-happiest country in the world . Looking at all that Danes have to be happy about , you wo n't notice the slight dip while you 're enjoying jazz at the Copenhagen Jazz Festival in July , hanging out with the hipsters at Queen Louise 's Bridge , taking a canal tour or playing beach volleyball in front of the Royal Danish Playhouse . Prefer your music in the woods ? Head to Smuk Fest  "  The Beautiful Festival "  , a rock/pop festival in the woods of Skanderborg held in August . Wherever you go , enjoy that Danish tradition of "  hygge , " sometimes translated too simply as the need for "  coziness . " It 's really a complex sense of intimacy , community and contentment that generally happens with friends and family , and it makes for one happy country . Project Happy : 10 ways to get happy 4 . Norway The sun never sets in some parts of Norway during the summer months , and the North Cape area is one of the best spots to play when the sun stays out for 24 hours . Visitors love to golf , hike and even run a marathon during the months ruled by the midnight sun . If your taste buds dictate your travels , head to the Norwegian capital city of Oslo , a gastronomic paradise where the Michelin food guide has awarded five stars among four restaurants : Ylajali , Statholdergaarden and Fauna  one star each  and Maeemo  two stars  . 5 . Canada Canada combines European style , sensibility and history with the enormous natural wonder of North America . Within the French-speaking province of Quebec , a tour through the historic city of Old Quebec is a treat for any Francophile . Founded in the early 17th century , it 's the only North American city north of Mexico that still has its fortifications . The historic district is a UNESCO World Heritage Site . Just a few minutes from downtown Quebec City , Ile d'Orleans is a small island where farming and agriculture are still a way of life . And if nature is what you crave , in less an hour from Québec City , you could be hiking through the Parc national de la Jacques-Cartier , home to the glacial Vallée de la Jacques-Cartier . 50 states , 50 spots to get happy around the U.S. 6 . Finland What a happy event to spot the rare Saimaa ringed seal , which adapted to freshwater living after the Ice Age cut off its lake home from the sea . There are only about 300 of them in the world , and they can be found at Lake Saimaa in eastern Finland . But you might have more luck spotting the white whooper swan , Finland 's national bird , whose arrival heralds the start of spring . For a more urban experience , visit Helsinki 's Market Square and Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma . And you can still spot animals in the capital city : In mid-May , the cows will be herded into the fields in Viikki , a neighborhood in Helsinki , after the long winter . Locals always gather to celebrate this moo-ving event . 7 . Netherlands  Holland Though the Netherlands ' tulips are without equal , and they are most stunning at Keukenhof  known as the Garden of Europe  , there are so many beautiful spots across the country to walk and bike to welcome spring and its trademark flower . For a more regal celebration , note that the kingdom celebrates its 200th year this year with many festivities . 8 . Sweden In a country that 's very fond of celebration , Swedes love to celebrate midsummer , the longest day of the year , most of all . It 's a national holiday marked with traditional food and dances around a maypole . Ca n't make the midsummer parties ? There 's still plenty to do . Just 20 minutes from the capital city of Stockholm , the Stockholm Archipelago of about 30,000 islands offers endless opportunities for contentment . Swimming , hiking , cycling , fishing , horseback riding -- it 's all within your reach by booking a boat ride .  Some boat trips include meals and tours of many of the islands . 9 . New Zealand New to the top 10 list of happiest countries , New Zealand has plenty of reasons to celebrate . Though it 's always been an attractive spot to explore , Peter Jackson choosing the country to host the filming of the "  Lord of the Rings " movie trilogy has given New Zealand more attention than money could buy . The capital city of Wellington has benefited from the growth of the movie industry , developing a happening restaurant and design scene . And many of the country 's natural wonders have gained international attention , including the 2,291-meter  7,516-foot  - high Mount Ngauruhoe , which played the fictional Mount Doom . It 's part of Tongariro National Park , a UNESCO World Heritage Site . 10 . Australia The Great Barrier Reef , the world 's largest collection of coral reefs , is a natural phenomenon not to be missed . Australians are arguing fiercely over manmade threats to its existence  and no one is happy about that  . Once you 've had a chance to explore that magical underwater realm , head to the Australian state of Tasmania , an island 240 kilometers  149 miles  off the mainland coast . The Tasmanian Wilderness , a UNESCO World Heritage Site , includes one of the last surviving temperate rainforests in the world . To see the wilderness up close , try hiking the stunning 65-kilometer  40-mile  Overland Track . It takes about six days for hikers  who must book the trip in advance  , but day-trippers can take short hikes starting at Cradle Mountain Visitor Centre and Dove Lake .	The World Happiness Report highlights the happiest countries People live longer and experience more generosity and social support in these counties The United Nations first declared a World Happiness Day in 2012
CNN  -- From supermarkets to the office supply store , it 's hard to miss those tiny bottles of 5-hour Energy . The makers of 5-Hour Energy call it a "  no-nonsense drink . " "  It would be easier for me to tell you where we did n't sell them in the U.S. than list all the places we do , " said Carl Sperber , spokesman for Living Essentials , the Detroit , Michigan-based manufacturer of 5-hour Energy shot . The small , shot-glass size bottles promise to provide energy and alertness without jitters to fatigued Americans . Unlike other popular energy drinks that market to college students , 5-Hour Energy 's audience is multitasking , working professionals . The market demand has skyrocketed since the product hit store shelves in 2004 . The company expects to move more than 350 million shots this year , Sperber said , up from 174 million in 2008 . "  This is a no-nonsense drink , " Sperber said . "  It is not a fashion statement . It does n't have a cool name ; it is just a simple grab-and-go product to help busy adults when they ca n't afford a letdown . " Each 2-ounce bottle contains zero grams of sugar , 4 calories and about the same amount of caffeine as a small coffee . It also contains about a dozen ingredients that are broken down into B vitamins  B3 , B6 , B9 , B12  and what the manufacturer lists as an "  energy blend . " But do n't expect superhuman results , one expert said . "  The B vitamins are given at extraordinarily high levels , and people need to know they are not some magic potion that 's going to immediately raise your energy level , " said Dr. Brent Bauer , Mayo Clinic director of complementary and integrative medicine . "  There is no data that show that . " The overall health impact of the shots ' energy blend is a little fuzzy , according to some experts , because little data has been collected about the effectiveness or safety of the natural compounds . The blend contains : citicoline , tyrosine , phenylalanine , taurine , malic acid , glucuronolactone and caffeine . Phenylalanine , taurine , tyrosine are all amino acids our bodies naturally produce . Malic acid is a natural chemical substance found in food . Glucuronolactone is a byproduct of glucose produced in the liver . Citicoline is a natural compound that produces a chemical in the brain . "  These energy shots have over a dozen ingredients all together , and consumers are ingesting them at very high doses but there is no research of how the ingredients react all together , " Bauer said . "  It 's plausible if you put these 12 things together you will get a good result but it 's also possible for them to cause major interactions to medications , or have a negative impact on the liver or kidney . We just do n't know at this point . " Watch Dr. Gupta talk about the the safety of 5-hour Energy " Consumers of 5-hour Energy probably wo n't ever drink enough shots to reach toxic levels of the B vitamins , experts said , but side effects can occur . The maker notes on its Web site the potential "  niacin flush reaction " from vitamin B3 . It would be noticeable but temporary , one expert said . "  If you have too much B3 it can cause tingling in your whole body . You will turn red , flush , but it would only last for about 30 minutes , " said Jim White , spokesman for the American Dietetic Association . "  Research also shows high doses of vitamin B6 can cause nerve spasm , also temporary trouble with muscle coordination . " 5-hour Energy 's spokesman says that his company does n't have safety data on the specific blend of ingredients in its product , but believes that side effects are "  rare . " "  None of our ingredients are synthetic drugs , " Sperber said . 5-hour Energy also advises consumers to check with their health care provider before taking the booster . Medical experts acknowledged that if taken modestly , the products are unlikely to have a negative impact on health . "  In moderation , it can give you energy . But the problem is people drink coffee , then take these energy shots , then down Red Bull , take Hydroxycut , and it is just too much in the body at one time , " White said . The makers of 5-hour Energy agree . "  There is no law against stupidity and there is always that person out there that is going to push the envelope and consume too many of them or combine our product with others , but we ca n't really control that , " Sperber said .	5-Hour Energy promises energy , alertness without jitters to fatigued Americans Each bottle contains caffeine , high doses of B vitamins , and "  energy blend " Expert : No research of how the ingredients react together
Santiago , Chile  CNN  -- Sebastian Pinera was sworn in Thursday as president of Chile , taking over a country battered by a recent earthquake but with a strong economy and stable social institutions . Pinera , 60 , succeeded Michelle Bachelet , a popular president who steered the country through the global economic downturn and promoted progressive social reforms . Pinera , a billionaire , is the first conservative to lead Chile since the fall of Gen. Augusto Pinochet 's military dictatorship in 1990 . Educated in Chile and at Harvard University in the United States , Pinera is an economist , investor , businessman and former senator . Bachelet , a liberal , defeated Pinera in the presidential elections in 2005 . She endorsed Pinera 's opponent in a runoff election in January . But Pinera said recently that responding to the earthquake requires the country to transcend partisan differences . "  These are times when we have to act with a sense of national unity , " he said . "  It is not the time for conflict between government and opposition . " The 8.8-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami February 27 killed more than 500 people and affected up to 2 million . A 7.2-magnitude temblor struck Thursday as dignitaries were filing into the congressional hall in Valparaiso for the transfer of presidential power . Under Chile 's constitutional term limits , Bachelet could not run for a second consecutive four-year term . "  I leave sad because of the pain of our people but with my head held high , " a teary-eyed Bachelet said in a brief farewell address from the La Moneda presidential palace in Santiago , Chile 's capital . "  I leave proud of what we have been able to build as a nation , of the role we have played . "  I leave , above everything else , very proud of the country we are . "	Sebastian Pinera , 60 , succeeds Michelle Bachelet Term limits prevented Bachelet from seeking second consecutive term Pinera is first conservative to lead Chile since fall military dictatorship in 1990
New York  CNN  -- He was a cold , calculating , "  morally depraved " man who spent the last years of his socialite and megaphilanthropist mother 's life bilking her fortune to line his pockets . That 's one way to see Anthony Marshall -- and it 's the only way , according to the prosecutors who secured a conviction against him for grand larceny and scheming to defraud his mother , Brooke Astor . Now as the 85-year-old son prepares to be sentenced Monday for his crimes , another portrait of him has emerged -- thanks to close friends and celebrity acquaintances  including Al Roker and Whoopi Goldberg  who sent letters to the court in hopes of saving him from a lengthy prison sentence . The man prosecutors described during the trial is apparently unrecognizable to many of Marshall 's friends and acquaintances . He was a loyal , churchgoing man , a Purple Heart recipient wounded in Iwo Jima during World War II and a son who tried mightily but could never live up to the high ideals of his socialite mother , according to letters friends submitted to the court . And now , they say he is a frail and sickly man who has faced extreme humiliation and would essentially be given a death sentence if a judge hands down the maximum sentence allowed . It will be up to Judge A. Kirke Bartley Jr. to decide how to reconcile the two portraits of Tony Marshall . He faces a minimum one to three years , or as much as eight to 25 years in state prison . The drastically differing views have only further heightened interest in the case , which during the trial stage was a tabloid feeding frenzy , fostering headlines such as "  Bad heir day , " "  Mrs. Astor 's disaster " and "  DA 's kick in the Astor . " The witness list was a virtual "  Who 's Who " of New York 's social elite -- including Henry Kissinger , Graydon Carter , Barbara Walters , Vartan Gregorian and Annette de la Renta . During the case , prosecutors and witnesses portrayed Marshall as an only son preying on his physically and mentally ill 101-year-old mother . Assistant District Attorney Joel Seidemann called the case "  disturbing , " and said the trial told the story of "  how a son , an only son , would stoop so low to steal from his own mother in the sunset years of her life in order to line his own pockets and the pockets of his wife . " His only goal , they said , was to selfishly tap her fortune -- money that prosecutors said Astor intended to donate to ordinary New Yorkers who needed help after she died . He was convicted of the most serious charges against him -- first-degree grand larceny and scheming to defraud . One of the most serious convictions involved Marshall giving himself a $ 1 million-a-year raise for handling his mother 's affairs , Seidemann said . During trial testimony , Marshall 's lawyers called no character witnesses to come to his defense . So the new letters from friends are the first attempts by those who know him to share what they believe is his true character . Whoopi Goldberg told a judge in her letter that she met Tony Marshall and his wife , Charlene , 10 years ago when Goldberg moved into a building on the Upper East Side with Frank Langella . Unlike other residents who turned their nose up at her , Goldberg said she became quick friends with the Marshalls . Her interactions with Tony , she wrote , gave her an insight into his relationship with his mother , and in turn taught her about how fame can affect family dynamics . "  I also understand what it must be like for my own daughter to be around my fame , " she wrote . "  I am not comparing myself to Mrs. Astor , but I 've seen how you can be dismissed as not being good enough , or hip enough , and seeing it happen to Tony made me make sure that it did n't happen to my own daughter . " The humiliation and ugliness of the trial was punishment enough and a prison sentence would be unjust , friends argued in the letters . Marshall 's cardiologist , Kenneth W. Franklin , also wrote to urge the judge to consider his age and health in sentencing . A prison sentence "  will accelerate his deterioration from cardiac and neurologic disease and would result in his premature death due to medical complications , " he wrote . NBC 's "  Today " show weatherman Al Roker came to Marshall 's defense too , having met him at his church 10 years ago . He argued Marshall had suffered enough , paying a price greater than any sentence a judge could hand down -- seeing his son turn on him during the trial and being portrayed in a negative light each day . "  Given his advanced age and deteriorating health , justice may be better served by turning a compassionate eye towards this good son , father and patriot and finding it in your heart not to add ` prisoner ' to Anthony Marshall 's otherwise unblemished resume , " Roker wrote in his letter to the court . Goldberg too , believed "  breaking this man " by putting him in prison , was not the right punishment . "  Please do n't put him in jail , " she writes at the end of her letter . "  It would only amount to an unnecessary cruelty that would serve no real purpose . Has n't Tony been through enough ? " CNN 's Beth Karas and Jessica Ravitz contributed to this report .	Whoopi Goldberg , Al Roker among those asking for a compassionate sentence Tony Marshall convicted of bilking mom Brooke Astor of money before her death Marshall faces a minimum one to three years , or as much as eight to 25 years in state prison Friends cite Marshall 's age of 85 , deteriorating health , among reasons for light sentence
Seoul  CNN  -- What could bring together the biggest names in the Korean pop industry ? A visit by the Pope will do it . As Pope Francis tours South Korea through August 18 , some 20 Korean household names got together to record a video for a song titled "  Koinonia , " which means camaraderie and communion in Greek . It was composed by K-pop veteran Noh Young-shim to celebrate the first papal visit to Korea in 25 years . Some 5.4 million Koreans are Catholics -- roughly 10 % of the population -- and amongst them are pop stars and actors . Figure skating star Kim Yuna is also a follower of the faith and one of the celebs expected to appear at official functions during the Pope 's visit . During a recent TV appearance , she had appealed to the Pope to bless Korea and "  provide messages of hope . " Unfortunately for fans , she does not appear in the new music video . Video worship Despite involving some serious pop star power , the video for "  Koinonia " is devoid of the typical trappings of a K-pop music video . There 's no tightly choreographed dancing or thematic costumes . Instead , director Cha Eun-taek has the famous faces hidden behind sheet music , huddled together like a devout church choir . It 's a far cry from Cha 's previous work , such as the "  Hangover " video starring Psy and Snoop Dogg . "  When I called everyone they were extremely happy to be part of the music video , and those who could not make it were extremely regretful , " said veteran actor Ahn Sung-ki , who helped organize the project . Ahn has been at the forefront of several cultural projects that support religious causes , such as narrating a biopic about the life of Cardinal Stephen Kim Sou-hwan , the country 's first Catholic cardinal and a much respected figure amongst religious and secular groups . Devoted diva The number of Catholics in Korea continues to grow , with roughly 100,000 baptisms per year . The baptism du jour is that of pop star Rain  aka . Jung Ji-hoon  in July . Local media widely reported that his actress girlfriend Kim Tae-hee inspired the conversion , and the celebrity rumor mill spelled an impending marriage . Rain 's agency Cube Entertainment has rejected the claim : "  Rain has indeed been baptized , but this is something he has been meaning to do for some time now . It would be rash to make assumptions about engagement plans . " Rain 's girlfriend Kim , who rose to international stardom through TV soaps such as Iris , is outspoken on religious beliefs . She had espoused premarital chastity through press interviews early on in her career and continues to make statements on religion through the media . Korean celebrities are far from shy when it comes to expressing their faith , and actors and singers frequently pay religious tributes while making award acceptance speeches onstage . Pop singers including Lee Chang-min of 2AM , Taemin of SHINee and YeSung of Super Junior have been open about being Catholic , as have popular actors Jung Il-woo , Lee Joon-gi and Kim Rae-won . "  Korean celebrities convey their religiosity much more openly than their political views . They have been more outspoken and proactive since the 1980s as religion became increasingly secularized here , " said culture critic Kim Bongseok . Strong resonation Protestant Christian celebrities have often been more vocal than their Catholic counterparts , and many are part of well-known church gatherings . HaMiMo is a church group of young screen actresses including Han Hye-jin and Eom Ji-won , while Moonmien includes members of K-pop group such as Girls ' Generation , Super Junior and 2NE1 as well as actor Kim Soo-hyun . "  These groups are not only for Bible studies and prayer , but also for carrying out volunteer work and networking . It 's difficult for celebrities to socialize even if they are in show business together , and mutual religious views often become a strong basis for building friendship or even romance , " said an industry insider who asked to remain anonymous . Sooyoung of Girls ' Generation has been reported to have met her actor boyfriend Jung Kyung-ho through Moonmien . Meanwhile , celebrities are posting welcome messages for Pope Francis on social media networks . "  I hear this is the Pope 's first visit to Korea in 25 years , and I wish he could instill hope in youths across Korea and beyond , " tweeted RyeoWook of Super Junior . His fellow band member , KangIn , also tweeted : "  I would like to welcome Pope Francis ' arrival on Aug. 14 . I pray you can safely wrap up the four-night , five-day trip and that you can inspire youths across the world with visionary messages . " "  Pope Francis is particularly respected for making socially meaningful statements , which are resonating strongly among even non-Catholic Koreans . This is largely due to the prevailing sense of anxiousness and mistrust here following recent traumatic events , " culture critic Kim said , referring to a ferry sinking earlier this year that left hundreds dead .	About 10 % of the South Korean population is Catholic , including some of the country 's most famous pop stars A music video was made with 20 celebs to celebrate the Pope 's first visit to Korea in a quarter of a century Pop sensation Rain , figure skating star Kim Yuna amongst the devoted
CNN  -- A woman accused of helping kidnap Utah teenager Elizabeth Smart from her bed in 2002 apologized to the young woman Tuesday as she pleaded guilty to federal charges . "  I 'm greatly humbled as I realize how much Elizabeth Smart has been victimized and the role I played in it , " Wanda Eileen Barzee said during a court hearing Tuesday . "  I 'm so sorry , Elizabeth , for all the pain and suffering I have caused you and your family , " she said , according to a court transcript . "  It is my hope that you will be able to find it in your heart to forgive me one day . " Barzee , 64 , pleaded guilty in federal court to kidnapping and unlawful transportation of a minor , and she said she will plead guilty in state court to conspiracy to commit aggravated kidnapping . She also agreed to cooperate with prosecutors in the state and federal cases against her husband , Brian David Mitchell , said Brett Tolman , the U.S. attorney for Utah . Read the plea agreement The couple is accused of abducting Smart , then 14 , at knifepoint from her bedroom in her family 's Salt Lake City home in June 2002 . Smart was found nine months later , walking down a street in the Salt Lake City suburb of Sandy , Utah , in the company of Barzee and Mitchell , a drifter and self-described prophet who calls himself Emmanuel and had done some handyman work at the Smarts ' home . Smart was not in court Tuesday to hear the apology , but her father , Ed Smart , said afterward , "  I certainly believe that Wanda was a victim to a point . But she chose to be that victim . ... I think that was her choice . " Asked about Barzee 's apology , Ed Smart said , "  I just hope that it was sincere and that she will continue on that track and prove that through the rest of Brian Mitchell 's trial , or whatever happens . ... I felt it was sincere . I hope it was sincere . " In exchange for Barzee 's cooperation in the prosecution of Mitchell , authorities have recommended a sentence of 15 years in prison . "  We believe a sentence of 15 years is just and fair under the circumstances , " Tolman said . The plea agreement depends on Barzee 's cooperation in the case against Mitchell , 56 , in state and federal courts , Tolman said . "  We will ask that her sentencing date be continued to allow for her continued cooperation with the government . If Ms. Barzee fails to fully cooperate , we will move to withdraw the plea agreement . " Sentencing was set for May 19 , but a sentence will not be imposed until Barzee 's cooperation against Mitchell is complete , said Melodie Rydalch , spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office . In court , Barzee admitted that she and Mitchell planned Smart 's kidnapping and that she encouraged him to carry it out . When he returned to the couple 's outdoor camp with the girl , "  I aided and abetted Mitchell in the confinement , control and sexual assault of Elizabeth Smart , " according to the plea agreement . Barzee said she also assisted in transporting Smart to California from Utah in October 2002 and back to Utah in March 2003 "  with the intent that she engage in sexual activity for which any person can be charged with a criminal offense , " according to the agreement . "  Wanda is a person who is a different person than the person who was arrested , " defense attorney Scott Williams said after the hearing . "  The person she is now is someone who wants to accept responsibility , cooperate . " Barzee had been housed at the Utah State Hospital while courts determined her competency as well as Mitchell 's . After years of being declared incompetent , she recently was declared competent to stand trial , according to the Salt Lake Tribune newspaper . A state court had ruled that she could be forcibly medicated , and that ruling led federal prosecutors to proceed with bringing a case against the couple , the Tribune said . "  Today 's agreement means that Elizabeth Smart will not have to testify at trial against Ms. Barzee , " Tolman said . "  It is our belief that this outcome will begin to bring long-awaited closure to Elizabeth and her family . " At a competency hearing for Mitchell last month , Smart , now 21 , testified that she had been held captive in Utah and California . Just after her abduction , Mitchell took her to a wooded area behind her home and performed a mock marriage ceremony with her , she said . During the nine months of her captivity , Smart testified , no 24-hour period passed without her being raped by Mitchell . Mitchell 's competency hearing is set to continue November 30 . His attorneys asked that it be delayed further , but U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball denied their motion Monday . Smart , a student at Brigham Young University and a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , testified in October because she was set to leave on a mission , something typical for young Mormon men that is becoming more common for women as well . CNN 's Ashley Hayes and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I 'm so sorry , Elizabeth , " Wanda Barzee says , according to transcript NEW : Elizabeth Smart 's dad calls Barzee "  a victim to a point " Plea agreement depends on Barzee 's cooperation , U.S. attorney says Authorities recommend 15-year sentence for Barzee
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN/IN Session  -- A German man who called himself Clark Rockefeller and passed himself off for years as a member of the moneyed clan was sentenced Friday to four to five years in prison for kidnapping his daughter . The man who said he was Clark Rockefeller actually is Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter . Earlier in the day , a jury of eight women and four men found Christian Carl Gerhartsreiter , 48 , guilty of the kidnapping and assault and battery with a dangerous weapon . Judge Frank M. Gaziano noted that Gerhartsreiter showed little regard for the impact his actions had on his former wife and daughter . He said he also considered the defendant 's long history of deceptive and manipulative behavior , including the use of multiple aliases . Gerhartsreiter already has spent a year in jail , meaning that with credit for good behavior he could spend just another year or two in prison . Gerhartstreiter , who was born in Germany and is in the U.S. illegally , faces removal by immigration authorities when he completes his sentence . In addition , his lawyer said , authorities in Los Angeles , California , have convened a grand jury to investigate his possible role in the 1985 deaths of a couple who rented a carriage house to him . The defendant stared straight ahead as the judge announced the sentence . He was equally impassive when the jury returned its verdicts . Watch the verdict " The jury rejected Gerhartsreiter 's insanity defense , but found him not guilty of two lesser charges after deliberating for 26 1/2 hours over five days . He faces up to 15 years in prison . A sentencing hearing was set to begin at 2 p.m. ET . "  Today the victims in this case have some sense of justice , I hope , " said Suffolk County District Attorney Dan Conley "  We are very happy with today 's verdict . We 're very happy with the jury . " After announcing the verdict , all 12 jurors returned to the courtroom and delivered a prepared statement . "  This was a complicated case , and not as clear-cut as it might have seemed to those who followed it in the media , " the jurors ' statement said "  We are confident that our verdict is fair and just , and based only on the information we were legally allowed to consider , " it continued . "  Our verdict is a unanimous one , as the law requires , and all of us stand by the verdict completely . " The jurors said the terse statement was their final word on the case . They did not take questions . The case has attracted international attention because of the defendant 's bogus claim to be related to the Rockefellers , one of America 's wealthiest families . He fooled even his wife of 12 years , who said on the witness stand that she had "  a blind spot " for a man who charmed her , then controlled her and bullied her . Prosecutors said Gerhartsreiter came to the United States from Germany in 1978 as a student . They said he is a con man who has been telling fanciful tales and misrepresenting himself ever since . The defense said he has long suffered from mental illness that boiled over into insanity when he abducted his 7-year-old daughter , Reigh , last summer . The jury heard closing arguments and legal instructions before retiring for deliberation Monday . "  This is not a man playing with a full deck , " said Jeffrey Denner , one of two lawyers who gave closing arguments for the defense . According to testimony from defense experts , Gerhartsreiter believed his daughter was in danger . He also believed they could communicate telepathically and shared a secret language . "  You see him descending into madness , " Denner said . "  You see completely irrational action that other people are buying because of the name Rockefeller and the appearance , the veneer , of respectability with a powerful wife . " The defense called two experts who , he said , spent 28 hours with the defendant before diagnosing him as having a narcissistic personality disorder and grandiose delusions . Prosecutor David Deakin called the insanity diagnosis "  preposterous . " He argued , "  This is not a case about madness . It 's a case about manipulation . " He described Gerhartsreiter as a controlling man who was angry that his former wife , Sandra Boss , had moved with their daughter to London in December 2007 . According to testimony , Boss , a Harvard business school graduate and senior partner at McKinsey & Co. , a global management consulting company , took full custody of the child , giving her ex-husband $ 800,000 , two cars , her engagement ring and a dress he had bought her . She said she believed the fanciful stories her husband wove around his image as Clark Rockefeller and never saw any sign of mental illness . Denner asked how a successful businesswoman who was educated at Stanford and Harvard universities and made $ 1 million a year could fall for an impostor . "  There 's a big difference between intellectual intelligence and emotional intelligence , " Boss explained . "  I 'm not saying I made a very good choice of a husband . It 's obvious I had a pretty big blind spot . " "  He told compelling stories , " she said . "  It seems stupid in hindsight , and it really was , but that is how it was . ... I lived with a person who told me a set of internally consistent things . " "  I was completely traumatized , " Boss said of the abduction . "  I was hysterical . "	Jury deliberated for 26 1/2 hours over five days returning guilty verdicts Eight women , four men on jury reject insanity defense Man who said he was a Rockefeller faces 15 years in prison Ex-wife , Sandra Boss , testified for the prosecution
CNN  -- There are several definitions of where the Northwest Passage begins and ends , but using the Arctic Circle is certainly the most encompassing , so we 've been holding our breath until we crossed this line . The crew has negotiated some stunning and treacherous waters to sail the Northwest Passage . The Arctic Circle  66 30N  marks the lowest latitude at which the midnight sun is ever seen . We 've had some stormy weather along the Baffin Island coast . We had waves up to 8m high and winds over 40 knots . Silent Sound was being tossed around a lot , and I was thrown clear across the cabin on one occasion , suffering a minor concussion that kept me in my bunk for several days . Now that we 're out of the Arctic Archipelago and into the open sea , we are seeing more icebergs , instead of ice floes . Ice floes are frozen seawater while icebergs are chunks of ice broken off glaciers in the High Arctic . Bergs begin as snow falling on land , which is then compressed into ice . Even though the icebergs we see are easily 20 or 30 meters high , most of their volume is below water . Only about one third of their entire volume is visible above water . This means you have to stay well clear of them because they may spread out under water , like an upside down mushroom . We 've also started thinking about what we 've experienced and learned this summer . By far the most impressive feature of the Arctic has been its people . In every town we visited we met complete strangers who offered us help , welcomed us into their homes and provided us with hot showers and food . So many people showed genuine interest in our journey and generously told us about their lives , and we left nearly every town with a few fish or other wild game in our fridge . Our mission when we left Victoria , British Columbia in June was to find out how climate change is impacting Arctic communities . We saw and heard about the impacts , from slumping land due to the melting of permafrost to hunter stories about the northward migration of species and the challenge that early ice break up poses for transportation . But more importantly , I 'm leaving the Arctic with a sense that its communities are at a crossroads . They underwent a rapid change in the 1950s and 60s when people moved off the land and into settlements . Now , those settlements are bracing themselves for unprecedented change due to resource exploration , economic development , political wrangling and an influx of new wealth , people and social forces . They 're all tied to climate change in one way or another , and they leave Arctic community leaders with a big job ahead of them . Climate change is turning the spotlight on the Arctic , and hopefully that will mean federal government help where it is needed to aid the Inuit in making wise choices for their future . I 've been struck by how although the Arctic is very different place than the urban habitat most of us occupy , it is not in a different time . To maintain a romantic notion of the Arctic as a place time has forgotten where life is simple and basic would be an insult to the people that call it home and be a mistake . Many of the challenges brought to the Arctic by climate change and economic development are the same as those faced around the world . It 's just a little colder , and a little more remote . While we 've begun mulling over our experiences this summer , it 's too soon for the crew of Silent Sound to relax . We are still about three weeks from our final port . And the sailing is getting cold and tiring . The nights are very dark at sea , and temperatures are hovering just above zero degrees Celsius . On many days we are sailing in snow , rain and sleet . Our onboard heater has broken down , so we have to wear extra layers in our sleeping bags to keep warm . This also means that the condensation builds up in the boat and it gets pretty damp , making it hard to dry our socks and gloves . But Halifax is in sight , and we can get some comfort from our accomplishment of completing the Northwest Passage .	Crew of Silent Sound complete the Northwest Passage , heading for Halifax Crew have faced dangerous ice bergs and waves up to 8 meters high Arctic communities at a crossroads , directly and indirectly from climate change
New York  CNN  -- A 12-year-old girl found hanged in her home left behind a suicide note that mentioned online bullying , according to police . Gabrielle Molina was found dead Wednesday afternoon by her family , authorities said . In addition to interviewing Gabrielle 's friends and relatives , police took two computers from the seventh-grader 's home to investigate whether harsh online messages and other cyberbullying may have been a factor in driving the young girl to take her life , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told reporters . "  It 's a terrible , terrible tragedy , " Kelly said Thursday . Police released few other details . Gabrielle 's school , Jean Nuzzi Intermediate School 109 in Queens , received an overall rank of B in the city 's 2012 school progress reports , but a C in the "  School Environment " portion , which includes rankings on safety and respect , communication and engagement . But Dennis M. Walcott , chancellor of the New York City Department of Education , says he takes cyberbullying seriously . "  It 's something that I want to make sure we continue to focus on , something I 'm very much interested in working with our student population about , " he said . "  Kids need to know they 're not in this situation by themselves , " Thomas Meyers , a crisis counselor sent to the school to talk to Molina 's classmates , told CNN affiliate WCBS . Young people and social media : Docs examine pitfalls According to the Cyberbullying Research Center , approximately 20 % of students report experiencing cyberbullying in their lifetimes , and adolescent girls are specifically likely to have experienced it . In a 2008 Yale University report published in the International Journal of Adolescent Medicine and Health , researchers analyzed 37 studies that examined bullying and suicide among children and adolescents . Nearly all of the studies found a link between being bullied and suicidal thoughts among young people , and five even reported that victims of bullying were 2-9 times more likely to report suicidal thoughts than other young people . Suicide is the third-leading cause of death among young people , resulting in about 4,400 deaths per year , according to the Centers for Disease Control . For every suicide among young people , there are at least 100 suicide attempts . When bullying goes high-tech	Girl hangs self at her home in Queens Suicide note mentions cyberbullying , police say Investigation will include look at two computers
HERMOSILLO , Mexico  CNN  -- Parents in northern Mexico on Sunday began to bury the children who died in a horrific day care fire as Mexican authorities raised the death toll from the blaze to 41 . Maria Jesus Coronado Padilla mourns her 2-year-old daughter , Paulette Daniela Coronado Padilla on Sunday . A large crowd of mourners attended a funeral for six of the victims Sunday afternoon in Hermosillo , about 200 miles  320 kilometers  south of the U.S. border . The cause of Friday 's fire at ABC Day Care was n't known , but investigators concluded that the fire did n't start inside the building , said Eduardo Bours , the governor of Sonora state . Neighbors described parents arriving at the day care center completely desperate on Friday , seeing it engulfed in flames and knowing there was no way to get the children out . The building had two doors , one of which was padlocked shut , and windows were too high for the children to reach , officials said . Some parents rammed their vehicles into the building to try to free the trapped children , witnesses told CNN . Watch parents gather at site of fire " "  When we went out and ran towards the nursery , teachers already had many children outside , those who could walk properly , " said one man at the scene , who did not give his name . "  A pickup truck broke down the walls . The dad of one of the kids broke down one of the walls with his car driving in reverse , and that helped us a bit . " Others said they waited for hours for news of their children . Watch a town in deep shock " "  They did n't tell us anything , nothing , until like 6 p.m. , " said Ofelia Vasquez , whose 4-year-old son Herman was in the building . She said she eventually was told he was at Chavez Hospital . "  We went there and we saw that he was badly burned , 75 percent of his body was burned , " she said . Herman Vasquez died after surgery , his mother said . As of Sunday afternoon , 26 children remained hospitalized , 12 of them in critical condition , Sonoran authorities said . Another 10 children had been transported to other hospitals : eight to Guadalajara , one to Ciudad , Obregon , and two to Sacramento , California . A team of 29 medical experts in Hermosillo was deciding if any more victims would be moved to the Shriners Hospital for Children in Sacramento , or elsewhere . In addition , six adults were injured , Sonora spokesman Daniel Duran said . "  Without a doubt this is the worst disaster we 've had , " Bours told CNN . President Felipe Calderon traveled to Hermosillo on Saturday . He arrived with Interior Secretary Fernando Gomez Mont and Health Secretary Jose Angel Cordova to get firsthand updates from doctors and investigators , the state news agency Notimex reported . Calderon ordered the nation 's attorney general to investigate the blaze . Most of the victims died from smoke inhalation and not burns , Bours said . But the fire was serious enough for the roof to collapse , he added . At the time of the blaze , 142 children were inside the ABC Day Care . The day care is for children ages 2 to 4 , but Bours confirmed that children even younger were among the victims . All the children at the center had been accounted for by Saturday evening , Bours said . A severely burned 3-year-old girl arrived Saturday at the Sacramento hospital -- where pediatric burn treatment is a specialty -- and was in critical condition , according to Dr. Tina Palmieri , assistant chief of the burn unit . The child was burned over 80 percent of her body , the doctor told reporters . She said the hospital normally can save just over half of the children with burns that severe . In Hermosillo , a large crowd gathered outside of the emergency entrance of the city 's general hospital and many people consoled each other , video from the scene showed . "  They told me that this happened in a matter of five minutes , " Hermosillo Mayor Ernesto Gandara told reporters after surveying the scene .	NEW : Funerals for children killed in Mexican day care center fire begin Neighbors describe panic , horror as parents try to rescue kids from burning building One door was padlocked shut and children could n't get to high windows , officials say At least 41 children die in fire ; dozens more in hospitals in Mexico and U.S.
CNN  -- Oprah Winfrey , who was pregnant at 14 and lost the baby , said she thought about killing herself and saw the loss of the child as a second chance . In a wide-ranging interview that aired Monday during the premiere of CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " the talk show queen also spoke about love , her long-term partner , Stedman Graham , and what she plans to do with all her money once she 's gone . Winfrey , 56 , said she was sent to live with her father in Nashville when she was a young teenager . He laid down the rules of his house early , and without knowing she was pregnant . " ' I would rather see a daughter of mine floating down the Cumberland River , ' he said , ` than to bring shame on this family and the indecency of an illegitimate child , ' " Winfrey said , quoting her father . "  He 's saying that to me , and I know that I am pregnant . So I 'm thinking , well , I 'm just going to have to kill myself , " she said . Winfrey did not attempt suicide , though she said she tried things that were cries for help -- like drinking detergent . "  When the baby died , I knew that it was my second chance , " she said . Winfrey , best known for the "  The Oprah Winfrey Show , " now runs her own channel , appropriately titled OWN . She described her longtime partner , Stedman Graham , as someone who is "  willing to stand in and stand up " for her . "  The reason this relationship has worked as well as it has is because we each got to define ourselves in it and not in a traditional form . There 's nothing about it that 's traditional , " Winfrey said . "  I am a different kind of woman in that I am pretty assured that had I married I would n't have remained married . " "  I 'm just not the marrying kind , " she said . The talk show queen said she 's had her heart broken twice . Winfrey also discussed what she plans to do with her massive fortune once she dies . "  When I 'm gone , everything that I have is going to go to charity because I do n't have children . And I believe that that 's what you should do , " she said . "  To whom much is given , much should be given back . "	Winfrey recalls thinking about killing herself "  I 'm just not the marrying kind , " she says Winfrey says she 's had her heart broken twice
CNN  -- The headlines about Ezra Miller may focus on him being the first openly gay actor to portray a superhero in a major motion picture -- but that 's probably not exactly how the actor would phrase it . "  I 'm queer , " he told Out magazine in a 2012 interview . "  I have a lot of really wonderful friends who are of very different sexes and genders . I am very much in love with no one in particular . " Miller has been cast as the Flash in the DC Comics movie universe , presumably appearing in "  Justice League Part 1 , " which is set for 2017 , before taking the lead role in "  The Flash , " scheduled for 2018 . He has attracted attention from critics and fans for his roles in dramas such as "  The Perks of Being a Wallflower " and "  We Need to Talk About Kevin . " Wonder Woman , Aquaman and more headed to theaters Here are five things to know about the actor : 1 . He started young . Miller was only 6 years old when the New Jersey native would make treks into New York for a role in Philip Glass ' contemporary opera "  White Raven . " The arts are in his blood , he has said . "  My mother is an artist through and through , " he told Interview magazine . "  She 's a modern dancer . And I think the way she raised her children was with a playful , curious inquiry into the world . " 2 . He 's still young . Despite having longevity in the business , winning raves from respected costars like Tilda Swinton and being a bit of a darling of the indie movie world , the actor is only 22 years old . Independent film has been a perfect training ground for him . "  Everything you do as a young and budding artist will be , in some way or another , independent , " Miller said . "  And then if you can be doing independent work that is subsidized in some way , that 's a huge , beautiful leap in and of itself . " 3 . Speaking was n't always easy for him . The actor can actually thank his career , in part , for having to overcome a major challenge . Miller had such a pronounced stutter at an early age that he was introduced to singing to help overcome it . And so a career in opera was born . 4 . You may have seen him locking lips with ... The actor and his "  Beware of the Gonzo " costar Zoe Kravitz  daughter of rocker Lenny  were photographed in a make-out session that sparked speculation the pair had gotten really , really close on set . The 2010 movie about an underground student newspaper was filmed in an actual high school , which may have helped contribute to their possible summer romance . "  It was fun , " Kravitz said of filming . "  It was just like being in school again . " 5 . He 's had some legal trouble . An arrest in 2011 on marijuana possession charges garnered Miller some headlines and unwanted attention , but there were at least two people who were n't surprised . He told Details magazine that his parents were n't at all shocked when they learned of the charges . "  My parents had been gritting their teeth for that phone call for a long , long time , " he said .	Miller told Out magazine he is queer He will star in the DC Comics film "  The Flash " Miller has had trouble with the law
CNN  -- It 's a sad day for Britain 's panda lovers . After weeks of waiting , experts announced Tuesday that they no longer believe Edinburgh Zoo 's female giant panda , Tian Tian , is pregnant . Hopes had been high that Tian Tian , who has been on loan to the zoo for less than two years , might produce a panda cub to wow the crowds and help boost panda numbers . But experts at the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland now think Britain 's only female giant panda conceived and carried a fetus to late term but then lost it . Chris West , chief executive officer for the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland , said officials were saddened by the turn of events . "  Timings are difficult to pinpoint at this moment , but we had a meeting this morning where Tian Tian 's behavior and hormone results were reviewed and have come to the conclusion that it is very likely she has lost the pregnancy , " he said in a statement . Tian Tian has returned to normal eating and behavior patterns , he said . The creature 's enclosure , which was closed to visitors to give privacy during the pregnancy , will remain shut to the end of the week . "  Such a loss has always been in our minds as a very real possibility as it occurs in giant pandas as well as many other animals , including humans , " West said . The zoo 's scientists will review the data gathered , he said , but added that he is "  totally confident that we did everything it was possible to do . " The cub was conceived by artificial insemination . Panda cubs in Atlanta , Washington Although the bad news for Tian Tian is a blow for conservationists and panda fans , it 's been a good summer for the black-and-white stars at zoos across the pond . In August , a female giant panda cub was born to mother panda Mei Xiang at the Smithsonian 's National Zoo in Washington , conceived through artificial insemination . Panda twins born at Zoo Atlanta That birth came only a month after twin cubs were born at Zoo Atlanta -- the first set of panda twins born in the United States in 26 years . The twins were the first for Lun Lun , who has two other offspring at that zoo , and were the product of artificial insemination as well . Their father is Yang Yang , also a resident at Atlanta 's zoo . The cubs have still to be named , following Chinese tradition . CNN 's Susannah Palk contributed to this report .	Edinburgh Zoo 's Tian Tian is the only female giant panda in Britain Experts believe she conceived and carried a fetus to late term before losing it Giant pandas in Washington and Atlanta had cubs this summer
CNN  -- When it comes to seeking public redemption for crimes and misdemeanors , such as cheating in the Tour de France , surely being interviewed by Oprah Winfrey is , well , cheating . Even Lance Armstrong admits he is unlikely to win absolution simply by subjecting himself to a trial by talk show . The road to redemption should be a grueling uphill struggle , and one undertaken without massive quantities of drugs . Many will try to climb it . Many will fall by the wayside . Here are a 10 alternative steps to salvation Armstrong may , or may not , like to consider : 1 . DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT Before she too became an alumnus of the Oprah sofa , American sprinter Marion Jones denied doping her way to Olympic glory in the Sydney Olympics . The truth eventually overtook her . After serving jail time , Jones began a new career as a basketball player and was signed in 2010 to Tulsa Shock , a women 's team whose ill-starred fortunes she failed to improve before she was let go a year later . Lance 's chance : Armstrong 's drive and aggression would make him a natural salesman . Perhaps used cars . Perhaps used bicycles . 2 . DO SOMETHING BETTER Blurting out anti-Semitic nonsense was a drunken Mel Gibson 's ticket to purgatory in 2006 . His career-topping action movie "  Apocalypto , " released a few months later , was his ticket home . Unfortunately , Gibson kind of blew it again in 2010 when he became embroiled in allegations of domestic abuse . Despite what Jodie Foster says , he remains cast out into the wilderness . Lance 's chance : Riding to a drug-free victory in the 2013 Tour de France might help . But to fully better his former glory he will need to win every Tour until 2020 . 3 . DO A RUNNER Director Roman Polanski has spent 35 years on the lam from charges of unlawful sex with a minor at no apparent cost to his reputation as film maker . Polanski fled the U.S. before being sentenced in 1977 , seeking refuge in France . From there he has continued a successful career that peaked in 2002 with the multi-Oscar-winning "  The Pianist . " Lance 's chance : France wo n't take Armstrong given the damage he has done to the Tour . But as Gerard Depardieu has shown , Russia might . 4 . DO A STINT IN REHAB Charlie Sheen said rehab did n't work because he cured himself . And we believe everything he says , right ? But whatever the merits of checking into a clinic are , for $ 4,000-a-night , your reputation gets a lot of help . Supermodel Kate Moss lost fashion contracts after she was photographed allegedly snorting drugs . After one month in rehab , the checkbooks were back out and she was flouncing down catwalks with renewed credibility . Lance 's chance : What are you waiting for Armstrong ? Four weeks away from the bad headlines and a chance to rule the exercise bikes in the clinic gym . 7 lessons Armstrong 's confession has taught us 5 . DO A HUGH "  I did something dishonourable , shabby and goatish , " said movie star Hugh Grant in 1995 shortly after he was caught in a shabby , dishonorable and , if he says so , goatish liaison with a prostitute . Rather than lie or shy away from the truth , Grant simply admitted everything and apologized in the affable manner that has continued to earn him millions of Hollywood dollars . Grant could probably get away with punching President Obama by looking slightly sheepish afterwards and mumbling something in a charming English accent . Lance 's chance : "  Gosh , sorry everyone , I 've been a bit foolish , " says Armstrong , pushing back his newly-cultivated floppy fringe . 6 . DO A BOOK Conveniently , Lance has already done a book . "  It 's Not About the Bike , " chronicled his victory over testicular cancer and his fight back into world class cycling . It would n't take much effort to tack on a couple of extra chapters and perhaps edit in a few furtive meetings with seedy doctors that he might have accidentally missed out the first time round . The book route certainly worked for drug cheat David Millar who fessed all in his 2011 autobiography "  Racing Through the Dark , " and battled his way back last year to win a Tour de France stage to deserved acclaim . Lance 's chance : Surely no one will complain if Armstrong cheats and uses a ghost writer . 7 . DO A DOWNEY JR. . When all else fails , do all of the above . This , so far , seems to have worked out OK for Robert Downey Jr. . The once-troubled actor spent time in and out of rehab and jail . He tried something new by releasing a record . He reportedly almost wrote a book about his problems , but later pulled out of the deal . He has n't apologized in Grantish style , but he did appear on "  Ally McBeal , " which shows a degree of contrition . And since cleaning up his act , he 's gone on to deliver some of his best work . Oh , and he 's also done an Oprah interview . Lance 's chance : Seven stolen Tour de France victories . Seven shots at redemption . Seems fair . 8 . DO A STEP SIDEWAYS Or , as it is also known : A Bill Clinton . It looked like the career of the 42nd president of the United States was over after details of his improper relationship with intern Monica Lewinsky hit the headlines in 1998 . Miraculously , he survived impeachment and managed to ride out the rest of his term . Clinton 's salvation appears to have been that the furore became less focused on what he 'd done and more on what he 'd said -- a complex exercise in semantics that at one point got hung up on the definition of the word "  is . " Eventually everyone got so baffled , they more or less gave up . Lance 's chance : He 's already started with the semantics , saying he did n't consider he was cheating at the time . 9 . DO NOTHING Can Armstrong learn anything from disgraced former U.S. congressman Anthony Weiner ? Accidentally posting a photo of your own crotch on Twitter , as Weiner did , is a far cry from being accused of using performance-enhancing drugs to win major sports titles ; one misdemeanor was clearly a lot bigger than the other . But size is n't everything , so perhaps Weiner , who subsequently lapsed into an 18-month silence , can offer inspiration . Apparently absolved , Weiner has now made a tentative return to Twitter and there is now talk of him running again to become New York mayor . Lance 's chance : There 's never been a better reason to keep your cycling shorts firmly on . And your Twitter account off . Social media reaction to Armstrong admission 10 . DO IT ALL OVER AGAIN OJ Simpson is never the best person to drag into an argument about redemption , but his case does offer lessons . Former footballer Simpson , as you may or may not remember , was acquitted of murdering his ex-wife and her friend in 1994 . In a separate trial , which you also may or may not recall , he was held liable for their wrongful deaths and ordered to pay millions in damages . Then in 2007 , as you can be forgiven for being somewhat vague about , Simpson was jailed for 33 years for armed robbery and kidnapping . The upshot of all this is not many people , clearly excluding those involved , can precisely recall what Simpson has or has n't been found guilty of and what he is now being punished for . Not exactly redemption , but certainly a wall of confusion to hide behind . Lance 's chance : On second thoughts , perhaps just stick to Oprah . Read what CNN readers think about Armstrong 's Oprah interview	In an interview with Oprah Winfrey , cyclist Lance Armstrong admits doping The disgraced athlete 's admission follows 7 Tour de France wins Armstrong had for many years denied using performance enhancing drugs Barry Neild looks at ways Armstrong could try to repair his public image
CNN  -- An anti-drone activist and journalist from Pakistan has been released , more than a week after he was abducted from his home in Rawalpindi . Kareem Khan told reporters Friday how he was abducted by armed men who showed up at his family 's home in the early hours of February 5 , and then tortured him while he was in captivity . Khan , from the tribal area of North Waziristan , lost his son and brother to a 2009 CIA drone strike , and had been set to travel to Europe to meet with parliamentarians when he disappeared , lawyer Shazad Akbar said in a news release . He was also involved in legal proceedings against the Pakistani police concerning their failure to investigate the killing of his relatives . At a news conference held only hours after he was freed , Khan told how between 18 and 20 armed men kidnapped him from his home . "  The men banged at our house door , broke the lock and barged in , " he said . "  They held guns to me and my family and told us to put our hands up . Took me to a car , handcuffed me , blindfolded me and drove off . "  My eyes still hurt from the tightness of the blindfold . My temples , eyes and forehead are all in pain because of how tight the blindfold was . My feet were constantly shackled and my feet were constantly handcuffed . " ` Hung upside down ' Khan said he was not able to pinpoint where he was taken , nor who his abductors were . The scene of his torture was an underground room , he said . "  They abused me using vulgar expletives . Hung me upside down and sat on me while one other person beat my feet , " he said . He could hear other people while he was in the torture cell , he said . Khan said his questioners "  did n't mention drones , did n't mention my family . Only asked me about some names I could n't recognize and what connection I had to them . "  I could not tell if my captors were from the intelligence agencies , they were from all ethnicities and did not give away anything that could identify them . " Khan said he had been told not to speak to the media but that he was unafraid . "  I brought my children to the city of Rawalpindi from Waziristan to provide safety to them but now we do n't feel safe anywhere , " he said . "  I am going to Europe to highlight how my people are being abused by drone strikes . Our brothers and children are peaceful citizens who are being targeted . We are not terrorists that are being killed . " Charity : Serious questions to answer Reprieve , a UK-based charity that provides legal support to prisoners unable to pay for it themselves , said Khan intends still to go ahead with his trip to Europe this week . He was due to speak with German , Dutch and British parliamentarians about his personal experience of drone strikes . Reprieve legal director Kat Craig said it was a "  huge relief " that Khan had been freed , although his mistreatment was deeply concerning . "  No one should have to suffer as he and his family have done for simply trying to get to the truth about the deaths of their loved ones , " she said . "  Serious questions remain for the Pakistani government on how this was allowed to happen . " Khan spoke to CNN in December 2010 about the airstrike a year earlier that had targeted his home in Machikhel , a village in North Waziristan . Khan said the missiles killed his 35-year-old brother , a teacher with a master 's degree in English literature ; his 18-year-old son , and several others . He filed a $ 500 million lawsuit against the U.S. government . CNN 's Chandrika Narayan and Saleem Mehsud contributed to this report .	Anti-drone activist and journalist Kareem Khan is freed , nine days after his abduction Khan says he was seized by armed men , taken to a basement and tortured His abductors hung him upside down , beat his feet and shackled him , he says Khan was due to travel to Europe to talk to lawmakers about drone strikes that killed relatives
CNN  -- The world is seeing sobering signs of climate change 's accelerating impacts , from longer , more intense droughts to stronger storms and rising seas . Yet in contrast to the slow pace of international negotiations to combat climate change , national legislation is advancing at a startling rate , a surprise to those who ascribe to the conventional wisdom that progress has waned . Remarkably , since 1997 , almost 500 climate-related laws have been passed in 66 countries covering around 88 % of global greenhouse gases released by human activities . This surprising legislative momentum is happening across all continents . Encouragingly , this progress is being led by the big emerging and developing countries , such as China and Mexico , that together will represent 8 billion of the projected 9 billion people on Earth in 2050 . These are the key findings of the 4th edition of the GLOBE Climate Legislation Study , released on Thursday 27 February , the only compendium of climate legislative action created by legislators from around the world , and the most comprehensive audit yet of the extent and breadth of the emerging legislative response to climate change . Our message is that we believe national legislation should be at the heart of a new international agreement to tackle climate change , and this study is proof it can be achieved in every country . While optimistic , we must also be honest . These laws are not yet enough to limit global average temperature rise to 2 degrees Celsius  3.6 degrees Fahrenheit  above pre-industrial levels , the level scientists say we must not breach if we are to avoid the worst risks of climate change . Yet these actions are putting into place the legal frameworks necessary to measure , report , verify and manage greenhouse gas emissions -- the cause of man-made climate change . Part of the reason for this spectacular wave of progress is changing attitudes . Previously , the debate on climate change was framed by a narrative about sharing a global burden -- with governments naturally trying to minimize their share . Now , however , countries are seeing mitigating climate change -- through clean energy and energy efficiency solutions -- and strengthening resilience to its impacts , as being firmly in the national interest . For example , 61 of the 66 countries in the GLOBE study have passed laws to promote domestic , clean sources of energy and 54 have legislated to increase energy efficiency . The former reduces reliance on imported fossil fuels , thereby mitigating exposure to volatile fossil fuel prices , increasing energy security and reducing energy poverty . The latter reduces costs and increases competitiveness . That 's why the first bill U.S. Senator Markey introduced was to do both . And it 's no surprise , too , that 52 out of the 66 countries covered by the study have developed legislation to improve their resilience to the impacts of climate change , some of which we are already experiencing . Opinion : Why are we still debating climate change ? As the formal U.N. negotiations move towards Paris in 2015 , the scheduled conclusion of negotiations on a post-2020 framework , this legislation is creating a strong foundation on which a post-2020 global agreement can be built . Moreover , it is increasingly clear that not only is the agreement in Paris dependent on national legislation in place in advance , implementation of the Paris agreement will only be effective through national laws , overseen by well-informed legislators from all sides of the political spectrum . A national "  commitment " or "  contribution " put forward at the U.N. will only be credible -- and durable beyond the next election -- if it is backed up by national legislation , supported by cross-party legislators , that puts in place a credible set of policies and measures to ensure effective implementation . That is why legislators must be at the center of international negotiations and policy processes , not just on climate change , but also on the full range of sustainable development issues . And it is why , on climate change , governments must immediately prioritize supporting the implementation of national legislation between now and 2015 . GLOBE members recognize this and have been at the forefront of developing the legislative response to climate change . In 2008 UK members shaped and strengthened the Climate Change Act . In 2009 , South Korean members passed "  Green Growth " legislation . In 2013 , members in Micronesia were instrumental in the passage of climate-related legislation showing the power of island voices . A comprehensive climate change law is expected to pass in Costa Rica this year , and members in China , Colombia , Democratic Republic of Congo , Nigeria and Peru , amongst others , are developing legislation now . However , we need to do much more . And that is why , in collaboration with the World Bank and the United Nations , GLOBE is launching the "  Partnership for Climate Legislation " to promote the advance of climate-related laws . Of course , the role of legislators does not end when legislation is passed . It is one thing to pass legislation and another to implement it . That is why GLOBE is equipping legislators to be as effective as possible in holding their governments to account . This is crucial if the agreement made in Paris in 2015 is to deliver . Legislators -- with their formal responsibilities on legislation and oversight - are a fundamental part of an effective strategy to tackle the world 's environmental and sustainable development challenges . To maximize the chances of success , they must be at the center of all international processes and negotiations . Success in Paris to create a climate agreement , the follow-through to implement the accord , and the fate of our planet depend on our actions .	World seeing sobering signs of climate change 's accelerating impacts , say politicians But they argue that national legislation to limit emissions is advancing U.N. action on climate change will only be credible if backed up by national legislation , they say "  The fate of our planet depend on our actions , " they write
FORT HOOD , Texas  CNN  -- Families of tens of thousands of soldiers based at Fort Hood have one military wife to thank for a more normal routine at the base . A blunt conversation with an Army wife started Lt. Gen. Rick Lynch on the path toward his family-first policies . When Lt. Gen. Rick Lynch first took over as commander of the largest Army base in the United States , a soldier 's wife approached him and gave him a talking to about how soldiers do n't "  really " get to spend time at home when they come home from war . "  She said ` General , do n't talk to us about dwell time . Because my husband might as well be in Iraq , ' " Lynch told CNN last week . " ` He comes home after the kids go to bed , we never see him on weekends and you take him away to train all the time . ' " Lynch said that woman 's comments "  really hit me in the gut . " In response , Lynch made "  focus on the family " a key part of Fort Hood 's environment . He insists that every soldier on a day schedule leave work in to be home for dinner by 6 p.m. On Thursday , many are told to leave by 3 p.m. so they can have the afternoon with the family . And no one at Fort Hood works weekends unless Lynch signs off on it . He likes to point out that when a soldier deploys overseas , the only thing he ca n't get is time with his family , so it 's important to get it between deployments -- what the military calls "  dwell time . " Lynch 's "  home by dinner " order creates a daily traffic jam on the base in Killeen , Texas , as tens of thousands of soldiers leave at once . Master Sgt. Guadalupe Stratman enjoys Fort Hood 's family-first attitude . She has a husband and three sons . When she 's not cooking dinner after leaving the base , she 's helping with homework or "  just watching them grow . " It 's not just about keeping military spouses and children happy , it 's about creating a more resilient soldier ; one less likely to abuse drugs or alcohol , injure or kill himself in a traffic accident or fall to suicide , Lynch says . It 's working . No soldier has been killed on the roads around Fort Hood in more than 200 days . And although the base has seen two suicides since the start of the year , that is much less than some other major Army bases . Lynch is taking other steps to battle stress and suicides at Fort Hood . He 's opened a soldier "  Resiliency Campus " -- a city-block-sized collection of buildings with programs and activities aimed at improving a soldier 's mind , body and spirit . And there is a weekly meeting of the base 's "  suicide prevention board , " which Lynch usually chairs . This is n't to say that all the soldiers at Fort Hood are completely well-adjusted and ready for their next deployment . CNN spoke to one squad of soldiers who 'd returned from a deployment to Fort Hood just a week before our visit . One soldier said he has "  anger issues . I get angry over a lot of little things . " Others are bothered by crowds or just driving around town . But even those young veterans , for whom the stress of being in a war zone continues after their return to their home base , have found ways to cope . The spend their off-hours together playing video games or just remembering what they went through together . "  Some of the roughest times we 've had , we sit back and laugh , " Pfc. Keven Abbott said . "  We are very well together -- you can not bring us down . " Watch CNN 's Barbara Starr report on sorrows and joys of returning home " The successful fight against stress at Fort Hood is getting noticed at the Pentagon . Among others , Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , has praised Lynch 's programs . But just after CNN 's visit to Fort Hood , the Defense Department sent out a news release announcing that Lynch would be moving on to his next job in the Army . What remains to be seen is whether his ideas about putting families first and creating "  resilient soldiers " will carry on at Fort Hood after he leaves .	Lt. Gen. Rick Lynch at Fort Hood had blunt conversation with Army wife over priorities He instituted a family-first program , including orders to be home for dinner by 6 Fewer accidents , stress and suicides at largest Army base in U.S. now reported "  Suicide prevention board " meets weekly ; Lynch usually chairs
CNN  -- Brooke Shields is upset with a tabloid reporter over an incident involving the actress ' elderly mother . Brooke Shields moved her mother to a different residence after last week 's incident , Shields ' lawyer says . Shields accused a reporter and photographer from the National Enquirer of taking her 75-year-old mother -- Teri Shields , who suffers from dementia -- out of a New Jersey nursing home last week , People magazine reported . It was "  reprehensible and disgusting , " Shields told People . The reporter , "  looking for a tabloid story , " signed her mother out of a senior living facility in Old Tappan , New Jersey , by falsely claiming to be her friend , Shields said . Watch why Shields is upset " The National Enquirer said the reporter has known Teri Shields for a decade . "  Teri asked the reporter to take her out to lunch and run some errands , " the tabloid said . "  The freelance reporter then got permission from the facility to do so . ... At no point did the facility , which had given its permission for the outing , contend that there had been any wrongdoing . " Old Tappan police told People they are investigating . Brooke Shields ' lawyer , Gerald Lefcourt , said the actress has not filed charges , but was exploring her options . Shields moved her mother to another facility , Lefcourt said . CNN 's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	Reporter takes Brooke Shields ' mom out of nursing home , People magazine reports Reporter , with National Enquirer , claims to have known Teri Shields for years Teri Shields , 75 , asked reporter to take her to lunch , National Enquirer says Police in New Jersey community investigating , People reports
CNN  -- The urban planning equivalent of a Rorschach test , a "  Smart City " can be taken to mean almost anything . But by the most popular criteria ; sustainable energy and development , open data and government , and integrated information , communications and technology  ICT  serving wide areas of a city , these ultra-modern hubs are on the rise . Industrial analysts IHS claim predict there will be 88 cities that fit the description by 2025 , up from 21 today , taking in contenders far from the usual suspects of Vancouver and Barcelona . These dynamic new players hope to redraw the map . Bogota , Colombia While sister city Medellin has been lauded for its sustainability practices , the capital has used pioneering data analysis to address its longstanding issues with pollution and congestion . Improvements in walkways and a widespread bike-sharing scheme have led to reduced car use , with noise pollution falling almost 10 decibels since 2005 . The city has also benefited from the Transmilenio mass transit bus system and a fleet of electric taxis . Masdar , UAE The new oasis in the Abu Dhabi desert was supposed to have been the first zero carbon , zero waste city , and if such ambition is yet to be realized there is still much to admire . It is home to the region 's largest solar power plant , serving all its energy needs with 17,500 MWh of clean electricity each year . Autonomous vehicles handle transportation needs , while water and electricity use is monitored for efficiency with high-tech sensors . Accra , Ghana A recent IBM paper on infrastructure in the Ghanaian capital indicates some of the radical improvements to be undertaken , including mass transit systems fitted with intelligent technologies to better regulate the city 's traffic issues . Locally-sourced renewable energy will tackle blackout problems and enable growth , such as for the $ 40 million Ghana Cyber City , intended to become a world class tech hub . Yachay , Ecuador President Rafael Correa 's "  City of Knowledge , " which he describes as the grandest national initiative for a century . His government is investing over $ 1 billion in the north highlands site , anticipating its gains would extend the rest of the nation . A new university campus , modelled on South Korean tech cities , would develop elite engineering , energy and biotechnology projects , complete with extensive education and research facilities . Guadalajara , Mexico The "  Mexican Silicon Valley " is already a hub of over 100 software companies , from startups to Intel and IBM branches , with thousands of local students graduating with STEM degrees . It will soon receive a major upgrade through the Ciudad Creativa Digital development on a 400 hectare grid , wired full of advanced communications , data-gathering sensors , renewable energy , and transport networks . Dholera , India With India set to become the world 's most populous nation , ambitious plans are underway for new urban development with Prime Minister Narendra Modi promising 100 smart cities . Dholera , in the western state of Gujarat , would serve as test case . A smart grid is to be constructed on an area twice the size of Mumbai , designated a special investment region  SIR  , which would be managed from central command centers with high speed transit routes . Lima , Peru The government 's commitment to open data means that citizens can access most municipal services online , and that figured can be analyzed as a basis for policy initiatives . This has enabled intelligent transport management systems and a plan for energy efficiencies that could cut carbon emissions by 19 % by 2030 . The city has committed to tie infrastructure development to carbon reduction , including "  area greening " in residential areas . Lusail , Qatar The Gulf state 's efforts to expand beyond Doha before World Cup 2022 could hinge on this brand-new metropolis to the North . A reported $ 45 billion will be spent on Lusail , powered by one of the world 's most extravagant hydrocarbon centers , completed with luxury marina , commerce and entertainment zones . Vilnius , Lithuania One of Eastern Europe 's most upwardly mobile hubs benefits from one of the fastest Internet connections in the world , and recently received an IBM grant as part of the ` Smart Vilnius ' project . This is earmarked for upgrading transport and its management , as well the development of data-based infrastructure . A new tech park for gaming , big data , and cyber security companies will press its credentials further . Kalkara , Malta The island is developing a technology and business park in the village of Kalkara at a cost of almost $ 300 million , with ICT and robotics among the emerging businesses . The special zone uses advanced monitoring systems to manage energy and water , with buildings architecturally designed to maximize efficiency . Ultra-fast broadband and a low tax , pro-business government are also geared to attracting new investment .	` Smart cities ' are set to quadruple over the next decade Eastern Europe , the Gulf , and Latin America among the hotspots Entire cities being built on smart grids for intelligent transport , communications , and energy transmission
CNN  -- The body of the driver of one of two commuter trains that collided head-on in western Switzerland has been found in his crushed cab , Swiss police said Tuesday . Twenty-five of the passengers needed hospital treatment after the crash Monday evening , police in the Vaud canton said in a news release , one fewer than had previously been stated . Nine others were treated on the spot for minor injuries and 11 others were unharmed , police said . The train driver who survived , age 54 , was injured and is in hospital , Swiss Federal Railways spokesman Reto Schaerli told CNN . The collision happened just outside the village of Granges-pres-Marnand , about 8 kilometers  5 miles  south of Payerne . Authorities are trying to determine what caused the crash . The latest details were given in a news conference Tuesday by the Vaud police and senior Swiss railways officials . At this early stage , police believe that the train driver who survived was supposed to have waited at the train station in Granges-pres-Marnand until the other train had passed , but did not , Schaerli said . It is not yet clear whether there were any technical or safety failures , he said . Police said the surviving driver had stopped his train at the station to allow passengers to board and disembark . Moments after he set off again , the two trains slammed into each other . The driver had time to apply the emergency brake before the impact , police said . The trains were traveling between Payerne and Lausanne , a city on the shores of Lake Geneva , when they collided . No foreigners were on the trains , according to police . Firefighters used heavy machinery to separate the crumpled trains and access the cab where the 24-year-old driver 's body was found early Tuesday , police said . The local government sent its condolences to the driver 's family . A Swiss Federal Railways statement said "  this is a very sad day and we regret the loss of one of our colleagues as well as those who were injured . " The line between Lausanne and Payerne will remain closed Tuesday , police said . CNN 's Susannah Palk and Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	The body of one of the train drivers has been removed from his crushed cab , police say The head-on collision of two commuter trains in western Switzerland happened Monday Authorities say the train driver who survived may have left the station too soon The trains were on a route between Payerne and Lausanne , an official says
CNN  -- "  So long , Lolong . " That was the phrase echoing around social media on Monday after news emerged the night before that Lolong , the world 's largest crocodile in captivity , had died in the southern Philippines . The outpouring of online shock and grief over the demise of the heavyweight reptile , which was more than 6-meters  20-feet  long , could be considered a little surprising , given suspicions Lolong may have been involved in at least two lethal attacks on people before he was captured in 2011 . But his world-beating size earned him an entry in the Guinness World Records and drew tourists to his enclosure at the Davao Crocodile Park in a remote corner of the Philippine island of Mindanao . His death , the cause of which is still to be determined by a post-mortem , prompted tributes from top Philippine officials . Environment Secretary Ramon Paje called it a significant loss to the country 's crocodile conservation program , describing Lolong as an "  ambassador , " according to CNN affiliate ABS-CBN News . But the 1,075-kilo  2,370-pound  crocodile 's legacy will live on , Paje said , since officials plan to preserve his capacious skin so that it can be stuffed and mounted . Wildlife authorities caught Lolong in September 2011 , the result of a long effort to track him down after a young girl was reportedly killed in the Agusan Marsh on Mindanao in 2009 . The later disappearance of a fisherman from the nearby village of Bunawan was also linked to crocodiles . Attacks on livestock were also reported . But it was unclear if Lolong , a saltwater crocodile , was responsible for the attacks , so authorities made him the star of the show at the crocodile park near Bunawan . He was reportedly named after local hunter Ernesto "  Lolong " Conate , who died of a stroke while helping plan the capture of the gargantuan creature . Before the giant crocodile died , park attendants had noticed that his right stomach was bloated , Edwin Elorde , the mayor of Bunawan said , according to ABS-CBN . Elorde expressed support for the idea of preserving Lolong , so that villagers "  can still see him . "	A post-mortem is being carried out to determine the cause of death Lolong , a saltwater crocodile , was captured in September 2011 He had been linked to attacks on people and livestock A Philippine government official says his death is a big loss for conservation efforts
Atlanta  CNN  -- Two major hospital chains paid illegal kickbacks to clinics in order to treat undocumented immigrants at their facilities , a federal whistle-blower lawsuit alleges . Health Management Associates and Tenet Healthcare are accused of paying clinics to recruit undocumented pregnant women , then filing fraudulent Medicaid claims after treating them . The lawsuit was filed by HMA 's former chief financial officer and unsealed Wednesday in federal court in Athens , Georgia . It alleges violations of anti-kickback statutes by the hospital companies , pointing to contracts between them and Hispanic Medical Management , which operates clinics around the Atlanta metropolitan area known as "  Clinica de la Mama . " "  By knowingly entering these contracts with the purpose of receiving patient referral services , defendant hospitals violated federal and state law and submitted false certification to the State Medicaid program that they were in compliance with such federal and state laws , including the Anti-Kickback Statue , " the lawsuit says . That , according to the lawsuit , led to the state paying "  tens of thousands of ineligible Medicaid claims over the course of a decade . " The state of Georgia has joined the lawsuit . Georgia Attorney General Sam Olens said he wants to recover state Medicaid funds . "  These hospitals allegedly paid Clinica kickbacks camouflaged as interpreter service payments to funnel emergency Medicaid patients their way and increase their bottom line , " he said in a written statement . The alleged scheme came to light after former HMA CFO Ralph Williams flagged the contracts with Clinica to his supervisors . "  To me it was pay for patients , pure and simple . I said , ` This is an illegal agreement . It is a kickback situation , ' " Williams told CNN affiliate WSB-TV in Atlanta . He said he was eventually fired and filed a whistle-blower lawsuit . Tenet Healthcare operates 49 hospitals nationwide , five of which are in Georgia . Health Management Associates operates more than 70 hospitals , three of which are located in Georgia . In a statement , Tenet Healthcare defended the contracts . "  We believe the agreements ... were appropriate and provided substantial benefit to women in underserved Hispanic communities served by those hospitals . The services provided under these agreements included translation , determination of Medicaid eligibility , and other services designed to improve the delivery of obstetric care and increase the likelihood of a safe birth and a healthy baby , " the statement said . "  These services are important to addressing the healthcare gaps that affect many Hispanic patients and other minority communities . " Heather Vizena from the marketing department of HMA said the company does not comment on pending litigation . Calls to one number listed for Hispanic Medical Management were answered by a person claiming the clinic had new ownership and a new name . Calls to other numbers were unanswered . Hospitals can file Medicaid claims for emergency services provided to undocumented immigrants , including childbirth . Kickbacks for patient referrals are prohibited under the Medicare and Medicaid Patient and Program Protection Act . Read more : Rehab racket : Frauds , felons and fakes	A lawsuit says hospitals paid kickbacks to get undocumented immigrant patients Georgia 's attorney general accuses the hospitals of filing fraudulent Medicaid claims Former CFO : "  It was pay for patients , pure and simple " One hospital chain says the contracts were legitimate , helped underserved patients
Washington  CNN  -- House GOP leaders unveiled a 2013 budget blueprint Tuesday that has little chance of becoming law but draws a clear contrast with Democrats on taxes , spending , and a host of hot-button political issues -- all of which could play a pivotal role in the 2012 campaign . Republicans cast the $ 3.53 trillion plan -- which doubles down on past GOP proposals to overhaul Medicare and other politically sensitive programs -- as a bold attempt to reverse skyrocketing federal deficits and avert a looming fiscal catastrophe . "  This plan of action is about putting an end to empty promises from bankrupt government and restoring the fundamental promise of America , ensuring that our children have more opportunity than we do , " said House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin . "  We 're here to offer Americans the chance to choose which future they want for themselves : the president 's path of debt and decline , or the path that we 're proposing , a path to renew prosperity for Americans . " Democrats called it a betrayal of last year 's bipartisan deficit reduction deal , and characterized it as another GOP giveaway to the wealthy at the expense of the middle class and vulnerable seniors . Sensing electoral opportunity , they also tried to hang it around Republican presidential frontrunner Mitt Romney 's political neck . "  If you 're Mitt Romney , you 're going to love this budget , because what it does is provide another round of tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans and does it at the expense of middle-class taxpayers and seniors , " Maryland Rep. Chris Van Hollen , a member of the House Democratic leadership , told CNN . White House Communications Director Dan Pfeiffer said in a written statement that the proposed GOP budget "  fails the test of balance , fairness , and shared responsibility . " It "  draws on the same wrong-headed theory that led to the worst recession of our lifetimes and contributed to the erosion of middle-class security over the last decade , " he argued . White House bashes budget proposal Among other things , the House GOP plan calls for a reduction in individual tax rates and brackets . Instead of today 's six brackets , with rates from 10 % to 35 % , it calls for just two -- 10 % and 25 % . The proposal would eliminate the Alternative Minimum Tax , while dropping the top corporate tax rate from 35 % to 25 % . GOP leaders would compensate for lost revenue by closing a series of tax loopholes and ending numerous deductions . They declined to offer details Tuesday , however , on exactly which loopholes and deductions would be affected , noting that the matter would be taken up at the congressional committee level in the near future . Returning to one of the most controversial points from last year 's budget fight , the proposal includes dramatic changes to the Medicare program . It would offer future seniors a choice of staying in the traditional fee-for-service plan or opting instead for a Medicare-approved private plan , all of which would be available via a new Medicare exchange . No matter which plan they chose , including the traditional Medicare plan , seniors would receive a government subsidy to help pay for their choice . "  We propose to save and strengthen Medicare by taking power away from the government bureaucrats , " Ryan said . "  We preserve the Medicare guarantee for today 's seniors so they can count on the benefit that they 've organized their retirement around , and we preserve that guarantee going into the future for tomorrow 's seniors by empowering them with choices . " The Republicans "  have made it clear they want Medicare to wither on the vine , to die , and this is an important step for them in that direction , " said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California . "  Bless their hearts , they do n't believe in Medicare , and they act upon their beliefs . " Medicaid , which provides health coverage for the poor , would be converted under the GOP plan into a series of block grants for the states . Individual states would be empowered to tighten eligibility rules or revise enrollees ' cost-sharing obligations . Budget proposal would overhaul Medicaid The Republican proposal also protects defense spending by undoing a scheduled $ 55 billion cut in the Pentagon budget , replacing the reduction with cuts elsewhere . Ryan has called the scheduled Pentagon cuts -- part of the agreement reached in last summer 's Budget Control Act -- "  devastating to America 's defense capabilities . " Among the compensating changes : greater federal worker pension contributions and more means-testing of entitlement benefits . Overall , the GOP plan caps 2013 domestic discretionary spending -- programs other than defense and entitlements such as Social Security and Medicare -- at $ 1.028 trillion . Democrats immediately cried foul when the new proposed cap was unveiled , noting that it 's nearly $ 20 billion below the total agreed to in last summer 's deficit reduction deal . The Republicans "  shook on  that deal  and they passed it as law , " Senate Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad , D-North Dakota , said Tuesday . "  Now they are threatening to ... walk away . " If House Republicans fail to stick with the agreement , he warned , "  they will once again threaten to shut down the government and needlessly imperil the economic recovery . " House GOP leaders insist they can propose any amount under the $ 1.047 trillion level , because that figure simply represents the top limit for discretionary spending , not a level up to which Congress must spend . "  People have limits on credit cards . That does n't mean that you 're required to spend up to the limit , " argued House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  We all know that we 've got a real fiscal problem here in Washington , and frankly we think we can do better . " While the House Republicans ' proposed budget has no chance of becoming law , it does promise to have a major impact on both the presidential and congressional campaigns . Democrats believe the proposed Medicare changes in particular could prove devastating to GOP hopes in key swing states such as Florida , which has a large elderly population . A number of Republicans , however , believe they 'll ultimately be rewarded for having the political courage to tackle politically sensitive issues . Conservatives also argue it 's critical to draw clear distinctions between top Republicans and Democrats before voters go to the polls in November . "  If we simply operate based on political fear , nothing is ever going to get done , " Ryan told reporters Tuesday . "  If we allow entitlement politics -- fear that your adversaries will turn your reforms into a political weapon to use against you -- and we cower to that , then America is going to have a debt crisis . " Ryan insisted that the eventual Republican nominee will firmly support the House GOP 's blueprint . "  All of our candidates have campaigned on these various ideas , " he told reporters . "  We are sharpening the contrast between the path that we 're proposing and  Obama 's  path to debt and decline . " "  And yes , we do believe our nominee ... is going to be perfectly consistent with this , " he stressed . "  I 've spoken with all of these guys , and they believe we are heading in the right direction . " Shortly after Ryan 's remarks , Romney released a statement praising the House Republican leadership for "  taking a bold step toward putting our nation back on the track to fiscal sanity and robust economic growth . " "  Chairman Ryan and I share the same goals of cutting taxes and fundamentally reforming our tax code , dramatically reducing federal spending , as well as finally tackling the crushing debt our nation faces , " Romney said . CNN 's Kate Bolduan , Jeanne Sahadi , and Rebecca Stewart contributed to this report .	NEW : Romney praises House GOP budget plan GOP budget includes big changes in Medicare , tax code Democrats say the plan will hurt the elderly and middle class Democrats argue the plan is a betrayal of last year 's deficit reduction deal
CNN  -- Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton met her match while appearing on NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live " to deliver the show 's trademark opening line and provide an "  editorial response " to a mock presidential debate . During the opening sketch -- which featured SNL actors playing Clinton , rival candidate Barack Obama and the debate moderators -- Clinton complimented the performance of Amy Poehler , who regularly lampoons Clinton with her impersonation of the senator from New York . "  I simply adore Amy 's impression of me , " Clinton said , providing the cue for Poehler to enter the stage , wearing the same two-button brown jacket and sporting Clinton 's medium-length , layered hairstyle . Poehler giddily thanked Clinton for appearing . "  I love your outfit , " the identically dressed Poehler told Clinton . "  Well , I love your outfit , " Clinton responded , putting her hand on Poehler 's shoulder , "  but I do want the earrings back . " The quip sparked a hyperbolic cackle from Poehler . Clinton asked , "  Do I really laugh like that ? " The two jokingly agreed she did . Clinton appeared on the show ahead of several do-or-die primaries that will determine the fate of her campaign . During the segment , Poehler -- who also does impersonations of talk show host Kelly Ripa , "  American Idol " judge Paula Abdul and pop star Michael Jackson -- asked Clinton , who trails Obama in the Democratic race , how her campaign was going . "  The campaign is going very well . Very , very well , " the former first lady responded before earning some laughs with a deadpan : "  Why ? What have you heard ? " Clinton said she appeared on the show to "  just relax , have fun " without politics , but she did n't miss her chance to address voters in delivering the opening line . Saying she was appealing to all Americans -- whether they 're from Ohio , Texas , Rhode Island , Vermont , Pennsylvania "  or any of the other states " -- Clinton opened the show with "  Live from New York , it is Saturday night ! " Watch Clinton open the show " Pennsylvania 's primary is slated for next month , while the other four states Clinton mentioned are holding primaries Tuesday . Clinton 's appearance was a poorly kept secret . The media were tipped off when she failed to arrive for a campaign charter flight from Dallas , Texas , to Columbus , Ohio , on Saturday . Her campaign would not say where she was , but an entertainment industry source confirmed she was set to appear on SNL . The late-night skit show has been a popular spot on the campaign trail . Obama appeared unannounced in October , and GOP candidate Mike Huckabee did a bit on the show 's "  Weekend Update " last week . Also , former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani , who dropped out of the GOP presidential race this year , appeared later in the show that Clinton opened . During an MSNBC debate in Ohio on Tuesday , Clinton referenced an SNL skit in which the comedy troupe satirized the media for being too friendly with Obama . "  Maybe we should ask -LSB- Obama -RSB- if he 's comfortable and needs another pillow , " she said during the debate . Clinton is scheduled to appear on Jon Stewart 's "  Daily Show " Monday . E-mail to a friend	Clinton appears during the opening segment with impersonator Amy Poehler Clinton mentions upcoming primary states in opening line , "  It is Saturday night ! " Her rival Sen. Barack Obama appeared on the show last year Clinton referenced a recent SNL skit during a debate in Ohio on Tuesday
CNN  -- At least 16 people were killed by security forces across Syria Saturday as unrest there continued , a human rights organizations said . Three people were killed in the city of Homs , where a strong military presence was reported , the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Another three were killed in Hama province . The Local Coordination Committee of Syria reported that Syrian security forces were storming the Damascus suburb of Zabadany and were shelling housing and positioning snipers . The group also announced , in a separate incident , the killing of Dr. Ibrahim Nahel Othman , who they described as "  one of the most important physicians in the Syrian Revolution . " He was killed by gunfire near the Turkish border , the group said . Another group , the Coalition of Free Damascus for Peaceful Change , said that the doctor was a wanted man because he performed many surgeries on wounded protesters . The reported deaths came amid tensions in Homs -- a center of regime arrests -- as military troops manned more than 60 checkpoints inside the city and surrounded it , according to the Syrian National Council , a leading opposition movement . A feared full-scale crackdown did not happen Saturday , but activists posted a video Saturday that they said showed the military harassing residents of Homs . Mourners on Friday went to bury a 10-year-old boy , Maher al-Husseini , who was allegedly killed by a sniper 's bullet in his own home . The video shows the boy wrapped in a white sheet and carried by men in street towards a cemetery . Some of the men chant "  The martyrs blood will not be lost in vain , " as the lifeless boy is carried . As the men walk towards the cemetery , gunfire can be heard . They get to the cemetery and start digging as gunfire continues to ring out . CNN could not independently confirm what was depicted in the videos . Western networks are not allowed inside the embattled country . The United Nations said last week that more than 4,000 people have died in Syria since a government crackdown against protesters erupted in mid-March . The regime 's actions have outraged world powers and sparked sanctions by the Arab League , Turkey , the United States and the European Union . The council said the Bashar al-Assad regime is "  driving violent sectarian incidents to justify this potential murder . " More than 30 corpses -- all thought to be victims of sectarian violence -- were found Monday in Homs . The city of Homs is in a province of the same name .	NEW : Prominent opposition doctor killed , groups say More deaths were reported throughout Syria Saturday Video from Homs shows gunfire as mourners try to bury dead More than 4,000 have died in Syria since crackdown began , U.N. says
CNN  -- A baby ape born in the UK is settling into a new life in a German zoo after flying from Birmingham to Frankfurt -- monkey business class . Bili the bonobo is to be fostered by an ape at Frankfurt Zoo . The three-month old male bonobo -- who is to be fostered by a family of German apes after being rejected by his natural mother -- was considered too young and too fragile to travel cargo class , a spokeswoman for the UK 's Twycross Zoo told CNN . Instead , the tiny ape named Bili checked in for the Lufthansa flight with special travel documents -- including a fake passport in the name of "  Bili the Bonobo " -- before taking a seat in the cabin alongside a handler from Frankfurt Zoo , who had flown over to accompany him on his unusual journey . "  He was with his keeper all the way to make him feel more comfortable and relaxed , rather than being in a crate , " said spokeswoman Kim Riley . "  I just wish I 'd been there to see the other passengers ' faces . " Bonobos , which originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo , are considered particularly intelligent primates . They are the human species ' closest relation in the animal world , sharing 99.6 percent of our DNA . Bili was rejected by his mother after falling ill shortly after his birth and has required extensive nursing and medical care . Zookeepers in Frankfurt hope he can bond with an adult female bonobo which has been trained to assist with hand rearing babies . The zoo 's bonobo community will also play and interact with Bili , helping him to acquire social skills . Bili will spend 30 days in quarantine at the zoo before being introduced to his new family , Riley said .	Baby bonobo ape takes flight from UK to Germany to start new life in Frankfurt Three-month-old was rejected by natural mother after falling ill following birth Frankfurt Zoo has an adult female bonobo trained to assist with rearing babies Bili will spend 30 days in quarantine before meeting new family
CNN  -- The wife of New York Yankees baseball star Alex Rodriguez filed for divorce Monday morning in Florida 's Miami-Dade County Family Court . Lawyers representing Cynthia Rodriguez say she has officially filed for divorce from Yankees slugger A-Rod . The divorce filing said the marriage is "  irretrievably broken because of the husband 's extra-marital affairs and other marital misconduct . " "  Alex has emotionally abandoned his wife and children and has left her with no choice but to divorce him , " the petition said . Cynthia and Alex Rodriguez have two daughters together , Natasha and Ella . The split comes less than three months after the birth of the couple 's second daughter , according to The Associated Press . National newspapers and gossip magazines recently have covered the troubled marriage between Alex Rodriguez , one of professional baseball 's highest-paid stars , and his wife for weeks , chronicling rumors that both were having affairs . Reports have linked Alex Rodriguez , nicknamed A-Rod , with pop icon Madonna and Cynthia with rock star Lenny Kravitz . Both Madonna and Kravitz are denying the reports . Madonna 's representative released a statement to CNN on Monday denying the rumors . "  I know Alex Rodriguez through Guy Oseary , who manages both of us . I brought my kids to a Yankee game . I am not romantically involved in any way with Alex , " the statement said . Representatives for Kravitz also released a statement Monday saying that he was helping Cynthia Rodriguez get through the grief of her failed marriage but was not romantically involved with her . "  There is absolutely no affair between Cynthia Rodriguez and myself . This is unequivocally 100 % not true , " the statement read . "  Cynthia is a friend and is here with the godfather of her baby , who is also Alex 's trainer , his wife and their baby girl . She came here to escape from everything happening in New York City . I opened my home to her as a friend , and I find it extremely hurtful that I am now being referred to as an adulterer . " Last year , the slugger was photographed out at night with a former Las Vegas stripper , sparking headlines like "  Stray-Rod " in the New York Post . Rodriguez has been a lightning rod for praise and criticism during his 14-year professional baseball career . He has been an All-Star many times and has hit more than 500 home runs . Rodriguez also landed the most lucrative contract in baseball history with a $ 250 million-plus 10-year salary with the Texas Rangers in 2001 , which was extended by the Yankees . He was widely criticized for opting out of that contract during the 2007 World Series . The slugger later inked a new 10-year deal worth $ 275 million . The divorce filing also stated that "  the husband has the fiscal capacity to continue his high style of living , but the wife does not . " Cynthia Rodriguez asked for alimony and child support in the petition but did not specify a dollar figure . See more about expensive celebrity divorces " The divorce petition states that the couple entered into a prenuptial agreement in 2002 and asked for an investigation to determine if the agreement is still valid . On Sunday , Alex Rodriguez hit his 536th homer , tying Yankee Hall of Famer Mickey Mantle for having the 13th most homers ever .	Documents cite "  husband 's extra-marital affairs and other marital misconduct " Document : "  Alex has emotionally abandoned his wife and children " Cynthia and Alex Rodriguez have two daughters together Divorce filing comes after speculation about a split between slugger , wife
CNN  -- Author Arthur C. Clarke , whose science fiction and non-fiction works ranged from the script for "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " to an early proposal for communications satellites , has died at age 90 , associates have said . Visionary author Arthur C. Clarke had fans around the world . Clarke had been wheelchair-bound for several years with complications stemming from a youthful bout with polio and had suffered from back trouble recently , said Scott Chase , the secretary of the nonprofit Arthur C. Clarke Foundation . He died early Wednesday -- Tuesday afternoon ET -- at a hospital in Colombo , Sri Lanka , where he had lived since the 1950s , Chase said . "  He had been taken to hospital in what we had hoped was one of the slings and arrows of being 90 , but in this case it was his final visit , " he said . In a videotaped 90th birthday message to fans , Clarke said he still hoped to see some sign of intelligent life beyond Earth , more work on alternatives to fossil fuels -- and "  closer to home , " an end to the 25-year civil war in Sri Lanka between the government and ethnic Tamil separatists . "  I dearly wish to see lasting peace established in Sri Lanka as soon as possible , " he said . "  But I 'm aware that peace can not just be wished -- it requires a great deal of hard work , courage and persistence . " Clarke and director Stanley Kubrick shared an Academy Award nomination for best adapted screenplay for "  2001 . " The film grew out of Clarke 's 1951 short story , "  The Sentinel , " about an alien transmitter left on the moon that ceases broadcasting when humans arrive . As a Royal Air Force officer during World War II , Clarke took part in the early development of radar . In a paper written for the radio journal "  Wireless World " in 1945 , he suggested that artificial satellites hovering in a fixed spot above Earth could be used to relay telecommunications signals across the globe . He is widely credited with introducing the idea of the communications satellite , the first of which were launched in the early 1960s . But he never patented the idea , prompting a 1965 essay that he subtitled , "  How I Lost a Billion Dollars in My Spare Time . " His best-known works , such as "  2001 " or the 1953 novel "  Childhood 's End , " combined the hard science he learned studying physics and mathematics with insights into how future discoveries would change humanity . David Eicher , editor of Astronomy magazine , told CNN that Clarke 's writings were influential in shaping public interest in space exploration during the 1950s and '60s . Watch how Clarke stands among sci-fi giants " "  He was very interested in technology and also in humanity 's history and what lay out in the cosmos , " Eicher said . His works combined those "  big-picture " themes with "  compelling stories that were more interesting and more complex than other science fiction writers were doing , " he said . Tedson Meyers , the chairman of the Clarke Foundation , said the organization is now dedicated to reproducing the combination of imagination and knowledge that he credited the author with inspiring . "  The question for us is , how does human imagination bring about such talent on both sides of the brain ? " he asked . "  How do you find the next Arthur Clarke ? " Clarke was knighted in 1998 . He wrote dozens of novels and collections of short stories and more than 30 nonfiction works during his career , and served as a television commentator during several of the Apollo moon missions . Though humans have not returned to the moon since 1972 , Clarke said he was confident that a "  Golden Age " of space travel was just beginning . Watch Clarke talk about sci-fi vs. reality " "  After half a century of government-sponsored efforts , we are now witnessing the emergence of commercial space flight , " he said in his December birthday message . "  Over the next 50 years , thousands of people will travel to Earth orbit -- and then , to the moon and beyond . Space travel and space tourism will one day become almost as commonplace as flying to exotic destinations on our own planet . " E-mail to a friend	Arthur C. Clarke dies in Sri Lanka at age 90 , aide says "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " was perhaps his best known work He and Stanley Kubrick shared Oscar nomination for best adapted screenplay Clarke had lived in Sri Lanka since the 1950s
CNN  A deadly gun attack on the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has shocked France . And while no one has yet claimed responsibility , a history of threats over the magazine 's controversial coverage of Islam fueled immediate speculation that Islamic extremists were to blame . Adding weight to that suspicion is video taken by a journalist for the Premieres Lignes news agency which showed the gunmen shouting "  Allahu Akbar ! "  Arabic for "  God is great ! "  as they began the attack . They also shouted , in French , that they were avenging the prophet , according to Paris Prosecutor Francois Molins . If the attackers are confirmed as Islamist extremists , it will be the latest tragic example of the growing threat posed by radical Islam in Europe . France , which has the largest Muslim population in Western Europe and an interventionist foreign policy , has already been at the sharp end of such violence . Just last month , two attacks were carried out in the space of a weekend , apparently motivated by Islamist extremism . In one , a 20-year-old French-Burundian posted the ISIS flag on his Facebook page , then entered a police station in the Tours suburbs , shouted "  Allahu Akbar " and wounded three police officers before a fourth shot him dead . A day later , a 40-year-old French-North African with a long history of psychiatric problems shouted the same words as he plowed into pedestrians in Dijon , injuring 11 people before being arrested after a police chase . The deceased Tours knife attacker -- a convert named Bertrand Nzohabonayo -- appears to have been a lone wolf inspired by but not directly connected to ISIS . According to French media reports , his brother had been on the radar screen of French security services , suspected of wanting to wage jihad in Syria . In March 2012 , Mohammed Merah , a self-styled al Qaeda jihadist , killed seven people -- including soldiers and Jewish children -- in a series of attacks in the southwestern city of Toulouse . French extremists have also been active beyond their country 's borders . Mehdi Nemmouche , a Frenchman accused of the deadly shooting at Belgium 's Jewish Museum in May , recently spent a year in Syria and is a radicalized Islamist , according to French officials . Prosecutors say that when police arrested Nemmouche in France , they also seized a Kalashnikov rifle wrapped in a flag bearing the ISIS insignia . French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said last month that his country had never faced a greater terrorist threat . Nearly 400 French extremists are fighting alongside jihadist groups in Syria and Iraq , according to French officials last month , with more on their way . Meanwhile , 234 have left the conflict zone , with 185 now back in France . French police say they have thwarted five terror plots since the summer of 2013 . European officials say the threat of terrorist attack in the European Union is greater than at any time since 9/11 because of the emergence of jihadist safe havens in Syria and Iraq , according to CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank . But no country faces a greater terrorist threat than France , he said , with support for ISIS running deep among disenfranchised immigrant communities in the run-down , crime-ridden banlieues , or suburbs , that surround many French towns . Adding fuel to the fire , France joined the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS last year . The French military is also involved in fighting Islamist extremists in the African nation of Mali . Following the expansion of the coalition bombing campaign into Syria , a senior ISIS leader for the first time called for attacks against Western citizens . He specifically urged lone-wolf attacks in the United States and France -- two countries that had already been conducting airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq . And the group singled out what it called "  the spiteful and filthy French " for punishment . Alisa Lockwood , head of Europe analysis at IHS Country Risk , said that while it was too early to be sure who was behind Wednesday 's attack , the range of potential suspects is limited . "  Neither anarchists nor the extreme right would have an obvious motive to target the magazine , and intimidation or extortion by organised crime would be highly unlikely to take the form of such an attack , " she wrote in an analysis . "  On the other hand , Islamic State has explicitly threatened to attack French citizens and Al-Qaeda may also have the motivation . " The risk of such an attack has increased since France joined the coalition against ISIS , she wrote , adding : "  France has a long history of jihadist militancy , while exclusion of migrants , French foreign policy and domestic secularism are all drivers of radicalisation . " A U.S. counterterrorism official told CNN that U.S. counterterrorism agencies are looking at a number of groups as possibly being responsible , including al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , ISIS , and core al Qaeda . Britain has also been a target in recent years of violent attacks by Islamist extremists . In May 2013 , a soldier was killed in the street in southeast London in a bloody attack by two converts to Islam who ran him down with a car before attacking him with a machete . They are both now serving long prison sentences . Cell phone footage replayed in court showed one , Michael Adebolajo , still clutching a meat cleaver in his bloody hands , ranting that the killing was "  an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth " for British soldiers killing Muslims overseas . Britain raised its terror threat level to severe last summer . And UK Home Secretary Theresa May , outlining new counterextremism policies in November , highlighted the threat posed by extremists returning from Iraq and Syria . More than 500 have traveled there from Britain , she said , joining "  thousands " from other European and Western nations . "  When the security and intelligence agencies tell us that the threat we face is now more dangerous than at any time before or since 9/11 , we should take notice , " she said . Going farther back in time , the July 2005 bomb attacks on London 's public transit network left more than 50 people dead and hundreds more injured . The four men who carried out the attack were Muslims , one a convert . Spain 's public transit system , too , has been in the sights of suspected Islamist extremists . In 2004 , the bombings of commuter trains killed 191 people and injured 1,800 . Islamic militants with possible ties to al Qaeda were designated later as the prime suspects . The Netherlands has also been impacted by extremism . In 2004 , Dutch director Theo van Gogh was stabbed to death by a member of a radical Islamic group after his short film "  Submission " used verses from the Quran written on women 's bodies to criticize the treatment of women in some Islamic cultures . Newspapers in Norway and Denmark prompted furious demonstrations around the world in 2005 when they ran cartoons depicting the Prophet Mohammed . Any depiction of Islam 's prophet is considered blasphemy by many Muslims . Despite , or perhaps because of , the rising tensions , Charlie Hebdo -- which also satirizes Christianity and other faiths -- also published cartoons of Mohammed , spurring protests and the burning of the magazine 's office three years ago . Its last tweet before Wednesday 's attack featured a cartoon of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and the words , "  And , above all , health . " French President Francois Hollande appealed for national unity Wednesday as France confronts perhaps the worst terror attack ever seen on its soil . But he made no bones about calling it a terror attack and said the country 's security alert level had been boosted as police hunt the gunmen . "  We knew that we were threatened like other countries in the world , " he said . "  We are threatened because we are a country of freedom . " Paris-based security expert Jean-Charles Brisard described the attack as "  obviously an act of war . " And he warned that it was probably only the first in the current climate , with others still to come . Dominique Moisi , a French political scientist , told CNN that the attack was an assault on some of the nation 's key values : a free press , democracy , transparency . But while it 's shocking , he said , at the same time he was not surprised . "  There was an expectation in Paris , a fear , that an attack was about to occur . Police officers were saying it 's not whether an attack will take place but when , that is the only question , " he said . "  And of course Charlie Hebdo was one of the likely targets of the terrorists . " France can expect strong support from its European neighbors as it hunts those responsible . "  This is an attack on all of us , on our fundamental values , on the freedoms our #EU societies are built upon , " European Commission Vice President Frans Timmermans said on Twitter via a spokeswoman . German Chancellor Angela Merkel and UK Prime Minister David Cameron also gave their backing . "  We stand with the French people in the fight against terror and defending the freedom of the press , " said Cameron . Charlie Hebdo : Satirical magazine is no stranger to controversy CNN 's Tim Lister , Jim Sciutto , Greg Botelho and David Ford contributed to this report	Attackers shouted that they were avenging the prophet , Paris prosecutor says Security officials have warned of a rising threat from Islamist extremists No responsibility has been claimed for the attack on Charlie Hebdo But it has in the past been subject to threats over its coverage of Islam
Hours after her younger sister stood behind President Barack Obama during his gun violence speech last week , an Illinois teen died when a bullet found her in a North Chicago alley . Two people were being questioned Monday as police worked to piece together the final moments of 18-year-old Janay McFarlane , who left behind a 3-month-old son . McFarlane 's younger sister , 14-year-old Destini Warren , was among a group of high school students standing behind Obama when he spoke in Chicago on Friday . Obama cited gun violence that killed 443 people in the city last year as one reason why children need community wide support to help them believe they can improve their lives through education and hard work . Before the night had passed , McFarlane was dead and her family was plunged into mourning . "  I felt like someone took a knife and stabbed me in my heart and took a piece of my heart that I will never , ever in my life get back , " Angela Blakely , McFarlane 's mother , said Monday in an interview with CNN affiliate WLS . "  This just echoes what the president had said Friday ... we have to get handguns off the street , " North Chicago Mayor Leon Rockingham Jr. told CNN on Monday . "  We have more shootings than other communities , and it 's too much , " he said . "  Any time you have gunfire , it 's too much . " The North Chicago Police Department and investigators with the Lake County State 's Attorney 's office said community members led them to the two people being questioned Monday . The two might have knowledge about the homicide , authorities said . Janay McFarlane 's father said that despite gun violence in the community , his daughter 's death by gunfire came as a shock . "  You never think that it will be your child , " Herbert McFarlane told WLS Monday . "  This is the hardest day for me in my life . " No bond for men accused in Chicago teen 's shooting	Janay McFarlane , 18 , was shot by an unknown assailant Her death came hours after Obama spoke on gun violence McFarlane 's younger sister was in a high school group standing near the president Hours later , the violence that Obama addressed claimed another young life
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemen 's top opposition movement welcomed the U.N. Security Council 's call for a transfer of power , an initiative that could end the political instability in the poverty-ridden Arab nation . Mohammed Qahtan , the spokesman for the Joint Meeting Parties , said on Wednesday that the international stance must not be different from the will of the people who are seeking democracy and reforms . "  The U.N. and our international friends must make positive and quick steps towards the Yemeni revolution and ensure change in the manner Yemenis see necessary , " said Qahtan . The U.N. Security Council on Tuesday urged Yemeni parties "  to move forward urgently  in  an inclusive , orderly and Yemeni-led process of political transition that meets the needs and aspirations of the Yemeni people for change . " It voiced concerns over the deteriorating security and humanitarian situation in Yemen . They were "  deeply concerned at the worsening security situation , including the threat from al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . " Yemen has endured months of protests and militant violence . Protests against President Ali Abdullah Saleh began in January after the successful uprising in Tunisia that triggered region-wide reform movements . The protests led to open street battles after Saleh balked at a deal with the opposition that would have eased him out of office within a month . The government has also faced off with Islamic militants , including the al Qaeda wing in Yemen , regarded by analysts as a potent and dangerous group . Saleh was badly injured last June in an assassination attempt on the presidential palace amid a tribal revolt against his 32-year-old rule and was taken to Saudi Arabia for treatment . He had been discharged from a military hospital , but it was not clear when he would return to Yemen . Saleh 's vice president , Vice President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi , has been running the government since then . The opposition has vowed to prevent Saleh from returning . The JMP has announced the formation of a national council on August 17 to represent all the factions in the Yemeni political arena . That 's a step experts see as a beginning to the formation of an independent transitional government . "  The JMP has been patient with the slow international reaction towards the Yemeni revolution and is not willing to stay quiet any longer , " said Ali Abdul Jabbar , director of the Sana'a based Dar Ashraf Research Center . He said that the JMP is currently under immense pressure from the pro-democracy youth to cut all channels of dialogue with the regime . "  The youth have been patient and ignored for six months . The JMP saw the international community had enough time to demand change but failed . " But Mohammed Nagi Shaef , head of Bakeel confederation , Yemen 's biggest tribe , and senior member of the ruling General People Congress party , said that Yemeni tribes will not allow the international community to force Saleh into early elections or withdraw from power He said that tribal leaders have called on all Saleh 's supporters nationwide to come to the capital and protest in front of the presidential palace , demanding that the international community allow Saleh back in Yemen . "  President Saleh 's term ends in 2013 , and we will not allow him to leave before that period at any cost . This is what the Yemeni constitution says and this is what will happen , " said Shaef . However , Hameed al-Ahmar , the president of the opposition dialogue committee , said world powers should listen to the voice of the people to ensure safety and stability in the region . The United Nations , the United States and the European Union "  are clearly standing with the will of the Yemeni people for change . This is what Yemenis were waiting for all along , " said al-Ahmar . "  This is what we expected from the U.S. and the international community and we hope it continues , " al-Ahmar said .	The Security Council calls for an "  orderly " transition The president was badly hurt in a June assassination attempt Saleh 's supporters want their president to serve out his term
CNN  -- Awards season is n't over yet . MTV has announced its own list of film nominees for its 2014 Movie Awards , and you wo n't be surprised to find that some of the biggest titles at the Oscars are also up for MTV 's golden popcorn trophy . In the movie of the year category , the Academy Awards ' best picture winner "  12 Years A Slave " is competing against "  American Hustle , " "  The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug , " "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " and "  The Wolf of Wall Street . " This is n't the first time Oscar favorites have competed against fan-fueled franchises , as last year 's movie of the year category pitted "  Silver Linings Playbook " and "  Django Unchained " against "  Ted " and "  Marvel 's The Avengers . " Given that it was Joss Whedon 's critically praised blockbuster "  Avengers " that won the best of the year honor , we 'd venture to say that an Oscar nod does n't mean success at MTV 's ceremony . In addition to categorical mainstays like best film , best actor and best actress , MTV 's show is also known for its offbeat categories , like best on-screen duo , best #wtf moment , best kiss and best shirtless performance . Interestingly , in this year 's best on-screen duo category , there 's a posthumous entry : late actor Paul Walker is nominated with his "  Fast & Furious " franchise co-star Vin Diesel for 2013 's "  Fast & Furious 6 . " Check out a partial list of who 's in the running this year : Best male performance Bradley Cooper , "  American Hustle " Chiwetel Ejiofor , "  12 Years A Slave " Josh Hutcherson , "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " Leonardo DiCaprio , "  The Wolf of Wall Street " Matthew McConaughey , "  Dallas Buyers Club " Best female performance Amy Adams , "  American Hustle " Jennifer Aniston , "  We 're the Millers " Jennifer Lawrence , "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " Lupita Nyong ` o , "  12 Years A Slave " Sandra Bullock , "  Gravity " Breakthrough performance Liam James , "  The Way , Way Back " Margot Robbie , "  The Wolf of Wall Street " Michael B. Jordan , "  Fruitvale Station " Miles Teller , "  The Spectacular Now " Will Poulter , "  We 're the Millers " Best on-screen duo Amy Adams and Christian Bale , "  American Hustle " Ice Cube and Kevin Hart , "  Ride Along " Jonah Hill and Leonardo DiCaprio , "  The Wolf of Wall Street " Matthew McConaughey and Jared Leto , "  Dallas Buyers Club " Vin Diesel and Paul Walker , "  Fast & Furious 6 " Best shirtless performance Chris Hemsworth , "  Thor : The Dark World " Jennifer Aniston , "  We 're the Millers " Leonardo DiCaprio , "  The Wolf of Wall Street " Sam Claflin , "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " Zac Efron , "  That Awkward Moment " Best fight Jason Bateman vs. Melissa McCarthy , "  Identity Thief " Jennifer Lawrence , Josh Hutcherson and Sam Claflin vs. Mutant Monkeys , "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " Jonah Hill vs. James Franco and Seth Rogen , "  This Is the End " Orlando Bloom and Evangeline Lilly vs. Orcs , "  The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug " The cast of "  Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues " Best villain Barkhad Abdi , "  Captain Phillips " Benedict Cumberbatch , "  Star Trek Into Darkness " Donald Sutherland , "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " Michael Fassbender , "  12 Years A Slave " Mila Kunis , "  Oz the Great and Powerful " #WTF moment Cameron Diaz , "  The Counselor " Channing Tatum and Danny McBride , "  This Is the End " Johnny Knoxville and Jackson Nicoll , "  Jackass Presents : Bad Grandpa " Leonardo DiCaprio , "  The Wolf of Wall Street " Steve Carell , Will Ferrell , Paul Rudd and David Koechner , "  Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues " Best kiss Ashley Benson , James Franco and Vanessa Hudgens , "  Spring Breakers " Emma Roberts , Jennifer Aniston and Will Poulter , "  We 're the Millers " Jennifer Lawrence and Amy Adams , "  American Hustle " Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Scarlett Johansson , "  Don Jon " Shailene Woodley and Miles Teller , "  The Spectacular Now " Best comedic performance Jason Sudeikis , "  We 're the Millers " Johnny Knoxville : "  Jackass Presents : Bad Grandpa " Jonah Hill , "  The Wolf of Wall Street " Kevin Hart , "  Ride Along " Melissa McCarthy , "  The Heat " For a full list of nominees , visit MTV.com , where fans are now able to vote for their favorite movie moments and performances . The winners will be announced during the 2014 MTV Movie Awards on April 13 , which will be hosted by Conan O'Brien .	MTV has announced the 2014 nominees for its Movie Awards Oscar winner "  12 Years A Slave " is nominated in the movie of the year category It will compete against "  American Hustle , " "  Hunger Games : Catching Fire " MTV also celebrates film with offbeat categories like "  best kiss " and " #WTF moment "
CNN  -- The new Circuit of the Americas in Austin , Texas , will host a MotoGP from 2013 , and for the following 10 years afterwards . The track , which will also stage a Formula One race in the same year , is still under construction and is expected to be completed in June 2012 . MotoGP promoter Carmelo Ezpeleta told the official MotoGP website : "  We are delighted to be adding the Circuit of the Americas to the MotoGP calendar . "  It 's an honor to expand our championship to Texas , which has a rich history of producing riders . "  The 10-year agreement is a sign of our confidence and commitment to the future success of MotoGP racing in Austin , " he added . The sport has increased in popularity in the United States in recent years , with Americans Ben Spies and 2006 world champion Nicky Hayden on the current grid . MotoGP already has two rounds in America -- the United States Grand Prix at Laguna Seca and the Indianapolis Grand Prix at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway . Defending world champion Jorge Lorenzo leads the MotoGP standings after two races so far this season , nine points clear of fellow-Spaniard Dani Pedrosa .	The MotoGP World Championship will visit Austin , Texas in 2013 The new Circuit of the Americas will also stage a Formula One race in 2013 MotoGP already has two rounds in America , at Laguna Seca and the Indianapolis
CNN  -- Republican presidential contender Michele Bachmann defended her position on gay rights , the HPV vaccine and the debt ceiling as she made her debut on "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno . " Bachmann has more usually been the butt of Leno 's jokes -- a point he made as he thanked her for being a good sport . "  We 've done a million jokes . Hopefully , you have n't been ... watching any of them , " he said , as she joined him on set . But Leno largely skipped the jokes Friday as he quizzed the Minnesota congresswoman on her political positions . First up was the issue of the HPV vaccine , a subject on which Bachmann hit fellow Republican contender and Texas Gov. Rick Perry hard in this week 's CNN/Tea Party Republican Debate . Perry signed an executive order in 2007 that required Texas schoolgirls to receive vaccinations against the sexually transmitted HPV , although it was n't implemented . Bachmann told Leno that Perry 's action had been "  an abuse of executive power " and had sparked concern over "  crony capitalism , " an apparent reference to the fact that a former Perry aide was a top lobbyist for Merck , the manufacturer for the HPV vaccine . Merck donated to Perry 's campaign fund . She added : "  The concern is that there 's , you know , potentially side effects that can come with something like that . But it gives a false sense of assurance to a young woman when she has that that if she 's sexually active that she does n't have to worry about sexually transmitted diseases . " Leno responded : "  Well , I do n't know if it gives assurance . It can prevent cervical cancer ; correct ? " He then pressed Bachmann over comments she made earlier this week in which she said a woman had approached the congresswoman to say her daughter had suffered "  mental retardation " as a result of receiving the vaccination . There had been no recorded cases of such side effects despite 30 million people receiving the jab , Leno pointed out . "  I was n't speaking as a doctor . I was n't speaking as a scientist . I was just relating what this woman said , " Bachmann replied . The former tax attorney and mother of five , who won the Iowa straw poll last month but has seen her poll ratings slide since Perry entered the race , also defended two clinics she runs with her husband , offering what she said was a Christian counseling service . The clinics have come under fire over claims they use a controversial therapy that encourages gay and lesbian patients to change their sexual orientation . Asking Bachmann why gay people should n't have the right to be happily married , Leno said : "  That whole ` pray the gay away ' thing , What ? I do n't get that . " Bachmann said the clinics did not discriminate , but repeated her position that marriage should be between a man and a woman . Quizzed on her opposition to raising the debt ceiling , Bachmann said she would have taken the same position whether it had been President Barack Obama or George W. Bush in power . On Afghanistan , Bachmann failed to answer whether she thought American forces should withdraw , but paid tribute to the "  unbelievable job " done by U.S. service men and women there . Leno 's final question was whom Bachmann would pick as a running mate if she wins the Republican nomination , suggesting she might want someone more moderate to balance her views . She joked : "  Well , you 're taken . You do n't want a cut in pay , so what can I say ? " Leno replied : "  Well , we 'd probably have an argument over that gay thing . "	Bachmann continues her criticism of Rick Perry over the HPV vaccine Leno presses Bachmann on gay marriage and the counseling clinics she runs The presidential hopeful says her opposition to raising the debt ceiling was not political Bachmann declines to say who her running mate would be
How hard is it to create a website to help people get health insurance under the Affordable Care Act ? For three 20-year-old programmers in San Francisco , it took about three days ' worth of work . Spurred by the problems that have surrounded the rollout of the official HeathCare.gov site , the trio created an alternative , Health Sherpa , quickly and cheaply . At first glance , it looks like a triumph of tech-startup nimbleness over government inefficiency . George Kalogeropoulos , who created the site along with Ning Liang and Michael Wasser , said all three of them had tried using the government website to get insurance . "  We were surprised to see that it was actually fairly difficult to use HealthCare.gov to find and understand our options , " he told CNN . "  Given that the data was publicly available , we thought that it made a lot of sense to take the data that was on there and just make it easy to search through and view available plans . " The result is a bare-bones site that lets users enter their zip code , plus details about their family and income , to find suggested plans in their area . "  The Health Sherpa is a free guide that makes it easier to find and sign up for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act . We only use carefully vetted , publicly available data , " the site reads . "  The Health Sherpa is not affiliated with any lobby , trade group or government agency and has no political agenda . " Tech experts enlisted to help fix Obamacare website The Sherpa are an ethnic group in Nepal , some of whom have long served as guides for people climbing Mount Everest and other mountains in the Himalayas . The name has come to be used generically for any kind of guide or mentor . Of course , it 's not fair to compare the creation of Health Sherpa to the rollout of the more complicated government ACA site , which everyone from President Obama on down has acknowledged as a horribly botched affair . For one , you ca n't actually use Heath Sherpa to sign up for coverage . The site states that it 's for research purposes only , and that users must verify the premiums and subsidies they find there with state health care exchanges , insurance companies or on HealthCare.gov itself . "  It is n't a fair apples-to-apples comparison , " Kalogeropoulos said . "  Unlike Healthcare.gov , our site does n't connect to the IRS , DHS , and various state exchanges and authorities . Furthermore , we 're using the government 's data , so our site is only possible because of the hard work that the Healthcare.gov team has done . " But it does cast light on the difference between what can be done by a small group of experts , steeped in Silicon Valley 's anything-is-possible mentality , and a massive government project in which politics and bureaucracy seem to have helped create an unwieldy mess . NY government website lists bakery , mechanic for Obamacare help Creating the original Sherpa site took three days and cost "  several hundred dollars , " according to Kalogeropoulos . The three programmers have continued fine-tuning the site as its popularity has grown . In less than a week , the site has had almost 200,000 unique visitors and over half a million page views , he said . "  We 've heard from people of all ages and walks of life , and thousands of people have reached out to us directly via email , phone , and Twitter to thank us to and to suggest features and request improvements , " he said . "  Tens of thousands of people have clicked through to buy a specific plan , suggesting that we are achieving our goal : helping people find a health insurance plan . " Maybe the Obama administration can learn from the Sherpa example . As it scrambles to fix the heath care site , the government has sought to inject a little more Silicon Valley into the process by enlisting a "  Tech Surge " of staffers from Oracle and Red Hat , as well as Michael Dickerson , a site reliability engineer on leave from Google .	Three 20-year-olds create alternate site that lets people search for health care Programmers built Health Sherpa in three days for "  hundreds of dollars " Site does not let users actually sign up for coverage It was built in response to problems that have plagued Healthcare.gov site
CNN  -- Interpol announced Monday it is issuing notices to help search for another 16 suspects believed linked to the January killing of a Hamas leader in Dubai . The organization will now help investigators in Dubai try to track down all 27 people suspected of links to the death of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in a Dubai hotel . Information gathered by investigators in Dubai "  bore out the international links and broad scope of the number of people involved , as well as the role of two ` teams ' of individuals identified by the Dubai police as being linked , " Interpol said . The organization issued 16 additional "  red notices , " which are not international arrest warrants but are a way of alerting police forces around the world that the suspects are wanted by authorities in the United Arab Emirates . Interpol had previously issued 11 of the notices covering "  a smaller core group alleged to have carried out the killing , " the organization said in a news release . Interpol Secretary-General Ronald K. Noble said investigators have established "  clear " links through passport records , video surveillance , DNA analysis , witness interviews and hotel , credit card , phone and transport records , according to the news release . Two sources told CNN a week ago that the number of identified suspects was up to 27 . Of them , 26 were carrying European or Australian passports , authorities have said . The sources -- an official familiar with the investigation and a police source -- did not say which nation issued the passport used by the 27th suspect . Mahmoud al-Mabhouh , a founding member of Hamas ' military wing , was found dead January 20 in his Dubai hotel room . Police believe he was slain the night before , allegedly by the secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit Mossad . Dubai 's police chief told CNN last month that he is "  100 percent sure " Mossad was responsible . "  The Mossad needs to be ashamed of its actions , " said Lt. Gen. Dahi Khalfan Tamim . "  They sent 26 , 27 persons to assassinate one man who was involved in the capturing and killing of two Israeli soldiers . " Hamas has said al-Mabhouh was behind the 1989 deaths of the Israeli soldiers . Israel has a stated policy on security matters of neither confirming nor denying involvement . Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , however , told Israel Army Radio earlier this month , "  There is certainly no reason to think that the Mossad and not some other intelligence agency of another country operated there . " The total of 27 suspects does not include two Palestinians arrested in Jordan and returned to Dubai . Tamim said one is not believed to be directly involved in al-Mabhouh 's death , but "  he is wanted by one of the Palestinian factions in the Palestinian territories and he is sentenced to death and that 's why we will extradite him . " He declined to discuss anything about the other Palestinian .	Interpol issues notices for 16 more suspects in killing of Hamas leader in Dubai hotel It will help investigators hunt all 27 suspects in death of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh Dubai police chief "  100 percent " sure Israeli intel unit is behind Hamas slaying Israel says only media reports link it to killing and there 's no reason to blame Mossad
EW.com  -- Broadway is about to get a little extra sparkle in those famous neon lights . It was recently announced the "  Twilight " musical is officially happening . Before you book your tickets to NYC  or , conversely , get the heck out of Times Square  you should know it 's not expected to have a very long run . "  Twilight : The Musical " will make its off-Broadway debut as a one-night-only staged reading on January 16 , and the proceeds will benefit the charity Blessings in a Backpack . The most exciting thing about this announcement may be the cast , and the plot teases their characters ' names give us . In addition to Bella and Edward ,  who already sings a lullabyâ $ " why should n't he also belt out a Broadway tune ?  the name that gets me onboard is the totally awesome Lauren Lopez  Alice  , who played Draco Malfoy opposite Darren Criss ' Harry Potter in the spectacular "  A Very Potter Musical . " Other teases that make me cautiously optimistic this could be a lot of fun : characters named both Harry Potter and Hermione Granger will be showing up -- perhaps leading up to that epic vampire vs. wizard war that we all know is coming . According to the website the show , "  examines our culture of obsession through the story of teenage outsider Bella Swan who risks everything when she embarks on a star-crossed romance with Vampire Edward Cullen . " The musical , which you can watch blurry clips of on YouTube , originally premiered and was workshopped last year in New York . With opening lyrics like "  Nothing ever happens in Forks " and  of course  "  I wish I had a boyfriend , " the show seems to be in the same vein as "  A Very Potter Musical " in that it 's a fun-loving parody by people who clearly enjoyed the source material . It will be interesting to see how far the production is able to get , as the show has no stated affiliation with Stephenie Meyer or Summit . Parodies are typically ok , copyright law-wise , but a show has to play up the ` unofficial ' and ` spoof ' aspects -- the fact that the character names do n't appear to be changed surprises me . That this one-night-only reading is for charity  aka no one involved is making money  probably helps . EW reached out to Dreamcatcher Entertainment  one of the producers  and they did not return requests for comment . Love it , hate it , or some strange combination of both , I 'm surprised a "  Twilight " show has n't happened sooner . Think of the musical possibilities for a show with the tagline ` death never sounded so good . '  Please resist the obvious joke in the comments  . A teenage girl is in love with a guy vampire from the wrong side of the tracks living . Are vampires and werewolves really that different from Sharks and Jets ? And try to tell me the werewolf chases in the woods are n't just waiting to be a shirtless staged ballet . If you were in New York would you check it out ? What scenes from the films are begging for a musical interpretation ? See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Twilight : The Musical " will make its off-Broadway debut as a one-night-only staged reading Proceeds will benefit the charity Blessings in a Backpack The musical originally premiered and was workshopped last year in New York
CNN  -- After arriving in Senegal in 1974 , I lived in a small village near ThiÃ ¨ s for three years . It was here that I realized a lack of basic , life-saving information was causing so much unnecessary illness , tragedy and death : Two children in the village were lame from polio ; ordinary wounds became infected and led to hospital stays ; there were many cases of measles ; a baby died from dehydration . It was also here that I began to understand why development projects have often failed and why they have even disempowered people at the community level . To try a different approach , I partnered with the Senegalese villagers to design and implement a basic education program in African languages , and in 1991 , I set up a nonprofit organization , Tostan , to continue that work . In this program , people who had never been to school were for the first time able to understand why vaccinations are important , how to treat wounds in the village and how to ensure simple diarrhea does not lead to dehydration and death . Watch an interview with Molly Melching It was not until 1996 , however , that we had a real "  breakthrough "  which is incidentally what Tostan means in the Wolof language  when we added a learning module on human rights and responsibilities to our program . The results were transformational . By providing a framework of human rights by which women , men and adolescents could discuss new information and issues that were important to them , we saw , for the first time , open dialogue around topics that would have been previously regarded as taboo . Of course , there are things that are difficult for outsiders to accept . I have had to live through the sights and stories of little girls going through female genital cutting , which has led to hemorrhage and even death . And you feel outrage when seeing this . But with outrage alone , you can maybe save one girl , possibly a few girls . You need to understand fully and involve villagers to find a culturally relevant strategy that can reach a critical mass of people who can collectively make such practices disappear . And , this is not just about the abandonment of female genital cutting , for which Tostan is perhaps best known -- more than 6,500 communities in the countries where we work have publicly pledged to abandon this practice as well as child/forced marriage . This is about a different approach to development . It 's about the social change that can happen when people get access to good information using engaging and participatory methods -- in their own language , designed for and with people who have never been to school , and that facilitates their potential to shape a more promising future for their families and community . Today , we run a three-year comprehensive nonformal education program in eight countries in Africa and in 22 national languages . Our Community Empowerment Program covers topics of immediate relevance to those in rural communities . We believe that to make any development initiative successful and sustainable , you need a foundation of education that should be delivered in a manner that is inclusive and leads to dialogue , ideas for taking action for change and positive outcomes . This inclusive process also embodies what we frequently talk about as "  empathy in development " -- something I feel is often forgotten in the world of development . People are shocked by certain harmful practices they hear about in developing countries -- and with good intentions , they translate their outrage into telling people , "  This is wrong ! " or "  Stop this immediately ! " But we are talking about systemic change , and it goes deeper than just telling people what to do . Over the 22 years that we have been working as an organization , we have had many challenges and made many mistakes . Consequently , we have learned a great many things , and we are still learning . So much of what we do today is based on breakthroughs using knowledge we gained through thoughtful and lengthy discussions in classes or sitting under the neem trees or around a fire late into the night . We have learned four key elements that we continue to instill in all our programs . First , begin with human rights -- empower people to claim their rights to health and well-being with confidence . Two , start where people are -- have empathy and respect while you understand their history , their language and culture and their priorities . Three , do not try to force change -- lay the groundwork for dialogue , introduce people to ideas , identify shared values and allow them to decide what the change will be and when they will make it . If you start by just fighting what they are doing , you 're going to get resistance . Finally , and perhaps most crucially , remember the solutions already exist within the communities with which you work . As my village father , El Hadji Moustaafa Njaay , a wise religious and traditional leader , once told me , "  Even if you know what the answer is , and you know what is right , you must let people discover it themselves . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Molly Melching .	Molly Melching says there were signs of inadequate health care when she moved to Senegal She says real breakthroughs came when villagers were part of the process of change By talking about human rights , people were drawn into the cause , Melching says Solutions ca n't be imposed from top down ; people must discover them for themselves , she says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- They are the tales of two very different people . Director Danny Boyle 's film "  Slumdog Millionaire " shines a stark light on poverty in India . One an amoral businessman pouring out his life story to the Chinese Premier , the other a lovelorn teenager appearing on "  Kaun Banega Crorepati , " the Indian version of "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ? " But if their protagonists are polar opposites , both stories -- one as told in Aravind Adiga 's best-selling novel "  The White Tiger , " the other in "  Slumdog Millionaire , " the new movie from "  Trainspotting " director Danny Boyle -- have much in common . Both are based in modern day India , both feature characters who succeed against all the odds , and both have garnered considerable critical acclaim , with "  Slumdog Millionaire " recently awarded the three top prizes at the British Independent Film Awards . "  Slumdog , " which is set in Mumbai , has also assumed a particularly poignant resonance in light of the recent terror attacks that left 174 people dead . Above all , both narratives shine a stark light on poverty -- an aspect of Indian society that has increasingly been pushed into the background by a decade and more of upbeat headlines about the country 's dramatic economic growth . "  The growth aspect has tended to receive much more attention than the darker side of the Indian story , " Professor Babu Mathew , Country Director of Action Aid India , told CNN , "  More and more the poverty goes unnoticed , and there is less and less of a voice for the excluded peoples . " The breadth of the divide between what Aravind Adiga calls the "  India of Light , " and the "  India of Darkness , " is both dramatic and shocking . Since 1991 when "  neo-liberal " market reforms were introduced , India 's economy has ballooned . From 1991 to 2004 , the world 's largest democracy grew at 6.5 percent annually , a figure which increased to over 9 percent between 2005 and 2007 . The result has been a massive explosion of wealth creation among the middle and upper echelons of Indian society , with Indian billionaires now occupying four of the top eight slots on the annual Forbes rich list . While growth has benefited one section of society , it has left a vast swathe of the population lagging far behind . "  People in urban areas , the rich , the middle classes , the educated -- all of these have benefited from economic growth , " Dr Arun Kumar of Development Alternatives Group , a sustainable development organization based in Delhi , told CNN , "  Those who have not benefited are the small farmers , the rural poor , the artisans -- for these their situation has worsened . " Nisha Agrawal , CEO of Oxfam India , agrees . "  Economic growth has been primarily focused on manufacturing and services and largely in urban areas , " she told CNN , "  Rural agriculture has not received the kind of attention it deserves . And since the bulk of poor people derive their incomes from agriculture , that has left us with two Indias , one rich , one impoverished . " Even a cursory glance at the statistics reveals a problem on a huge scale . According to World Bank estimates , 456 million people -- just over 40 percent of India 's population of 1.2 billion -- now live on less than $ 1.25 per day , a sum recognized as the international poverty line . Almost half of India 's children are malnourished ; 1000 die every day from diarrhea ; hundreds of millions have no access to proper sanitation . These figures provide a grim counterpoint to the glitzy high-rises and designer shopping malls that have sprung up throughout the country 's major cities . How to narrow this gulf between the haves and the have-nots is a fiendishly complex issue and one that has no quick or easy solutions . More investment in basic infrastructure is seen as crucial , as is a reform of international trade agreements . "  Import and energy prices have increased for farmers , but global markets are not opening up for Indian agricultural products , " Agrawal told CNN , "  That needs to change . " Greater access to institutional finance , the creation of new jobs and economic opportunities , and the spread of information technology all have a major role to play . "  We already have small pockets of improvement , " says Arun Kumar , "  But these involve limited numbers in limited geographies . "  We need to scale everything up . It is a huge challenge . " The global economic problems have not bypassed India . Inflation is now running close to 12 percent and the Mumbai Stock Exchange has almost halved in value from a peak in January 2008 . Sensex -- the Bombay Stock Exchange Sensitive Index -- has not registered any significant drop as a result of the recent Mumbai attacks , and it remains to be seen what the longer term effect will be on the Indian economy . Nonetheless , these difficult and uncertain times may make the challenge of poverty reduction an even harder one . Will India be able to successfully reduce the gap between rich and poor ? Leave your comments in the SoundOff box below Both Kumar and Agrawal remain hopeful that change is coming to India , albeit slowly . "  We are eternal optimists , " says Kumar , "  I do believe things are changing . " "  The government recognizes that people do n't just want a high level of growth , " adds Agrawal , "  But also growth that is more equalizing . We need to bring the two Indias together , and I believe we can do it . " Despite their optimism , the problems remain vast , and the darkness intense . For the foreseeable future it seems likely the question most on the minds of India 's 456 million poor will be less "  Who wants to be a millionaire ? " than "  Will I be able to feed myself and my family today ? "	Danny Boyle 's "  Slumdog Millionaire " shines a light on slum-dwellers in India Huge growth means four of top eight billionaires on Forbes rich list are Indian But the new wealth has bypassed India 's 456 million poor Nisha Agrawal of Oxfam says there are : "  two Indias , one rich , one impoverished "
Gaza City  CNN  -- The death toll on both sides of the Gaza battle jumped Monday , as Palestinian officials reported scores more killed and Israel announced seven more soldiers died -- including several on Israeli soil . About 576 Palestinians have been killed , Gaza Health Ministry officials said . It 's unknown how many were militants , but the United Nations has estimated that 70 % are civilians . Israel has reported dozens of terrorists killed by its forces . In total , 27 Israeli soldiers have died , including three believed killed by friendly fire . Nine of the soldiers were killed Monday . Four were on Israeli soil , killed as a result of infiltration by Hamas operatives , the Israel Defense Forces said . Two of the soldiers who died over the weekend were dual Israeli-American citizens : California native Max Steinberg and Sean Carmeli , from South Padre Island , Texas , the U.S. State Department said . Two Israeli civilians have also been killed . Israel 's Iron Dome defense system helps protect its residents from missile attacks . Gaza hospital shelled The Shuhada Al-Aqsa hospital in central Gaza was hit by shelling , leaving five people dead -- one patient and four relatives , the Gaza Health Ministry said . Hamas TV showed upper floors damaged . Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni told CNN that the reports of hospital shelling are being questioned , "  and we will make all the facts found public . " The Israel Defense Forces said an initial investigation shows that a cache of missiles was stored in the immediate vicinity of the hospital and was targeted . "  Civilian casualties are a tragic inevitability of the brutal and systematic exploitation of homes , hospitals and mosques in Gaza , " the IDF said . "  While the IDF takes every possible measure to minimize civilian casualties , Hamas and its deliberate tactic of embedding terrorist activities within the urban environment is ultimately responsible . " Israel also blames Hamas for other civilian deaths in Gaza , noting that the group has encouraged people to stay in their homes despite repeated warnings from Israel in advance of airstrikes . But some Palestinians have said they feared that even if they left they could face the same violence anywhere in Gaza . More than 83,000 Palestinians have taken refuge in U.N. facilities . "  Nobody is safe and nobody can flee anywhere because everywhere is targeted , " said Enas Sisisalem , a mother of two who lives in the al-Remal neighborhood of Gaza City . "  When we hear the shelling my kids will cry . " Palestinian lawmaker Mustafa Barghouti accused the Israeli government of "  acting in a criminal way . " "  What happened in Gaza during the past 10 days is nothing but a massacre , " he told CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " "  This has to stop . " Israeli kindergarten struck A rocket fired from Gaza struck a kindergarten , which was empty at the time , in the Israeli town of Sha'ar Hanegev , the IDF said . More than 2,000 rockets have been fired at Israel since the start of Operation Protective Edge , it said . Hamas said Monday it had killed Israeli soldiers in an ambush and that the Hamas fighters were uninjured . It also said it successfully targeted Israeli troops in several places . Israel killed more than 10 Hamas terrorists who entered the country through tunnels "  to attack two different kibbutzim , " or communal areas , "  where farmers are trying to conduct their daily lives , " government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN . "  We will see Hamas come out of this substantially weakened , their arsenal of dangerous weapons diminished , " Regev vowed Monday in an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  They will understand they ca n't shoot at our people with impunity . " In a meeting late Sunday , U.N. Security Council members expressed "  serious concern about the growing number of casualties , " according to the body 's president , Ambassador Eugene-Richard Gasana of Rwanda . And as the bloodshed continued Monday , U.S. President Barack Obama announced that he has instructed Secretary of State John Kerry to "  push for an immediate cessation of hostilities . " Kerry arrived in Cairo on Monday and said the United States would provide $ 47 million in humanitarian assistance to Gaza . The talks should focus on a return to the Gaza-Israel cease-fire agreement of November 2012 , the President said at the White House . "  We do n't want to see any more " civilian deaths in Gaza or Israel , he said . Hamas speaking with other countries , not Egypt Israel has slammed Hamas for refusing to consider a cease-fire proposal made by Egypt last week . Senior Hamas political figure Izzat Risheq in Qatar told CNN on Monday that Hamas is not speaking directly with Egypt , but several other nations are involved : Turkey , Qatar , and Kuwait . Hamas political leader Khaled Meshaal traveled from Qatar to Kuwait on Sunday , Risheq said . Hamas postponed a scheduled news conference , at which Meshaal was going to speak , due to ongoing talks , Risheq said . Kerry told CNN on Sunday the United States has "  shown our willingness to try to deal with the underlying issues , " but Hamas "  must step up and show a level of reasonableness . " "  No country , no human being , is comfortable with children being killed , with people being killed , but we 're not comfortable with Israeli soldiers being killed either , or with people being rocketed in Israel , " he said . While steadfastly supportive of Israel in public comments , Kerry appeared to let slip some frustration when caught on an open microphone between television interviews Sunday . After one of his deputies mentioned the latest number of Palestinian casualties , Kerry was heard to say , "  It 's a hell of a pinpoint operation . " Obama spoke Sunday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , the second call in three days . Obama reiterated U.S. condemnation of Hamas attacks against Israel "  and reaffirmed Israel 's right to defend itself , " the White House said in a statement . Obama also "  raised serious concern about the growing number of casualties , including increasing Palestinian civilian deaths in Gaza and the loss of Israeli soldiers . " UN : ` Massive ' airlift under way The United Nations is sending supplies into Gaza in what Chris Gunness , spokesman for the U.N. agency for Palestinian refugees , described as a "  massive humanitarian airlift . " "  In the coming days , more airlifts are scheduled to arrive in Amman , from where  the U.N. agency  will truck the aid into Gaza for distribution , " he said on Twitter . The IDF , meanwhile , tweeted , "  While Hamas continues its attacks , tons of goods are reaching Palestinians in Gaza from Israel , " including 148 trucks of food and medical supplies . Israeli soldier captured ? Hamas said Sunday it had captured an Israeli soldier . "  He is a prisoner , and if Zionists lie about the dead and wounded , then the fate of this soldier is their responsibility , " Hamas spokesman Abu Obeida said . Gunfire and cheers erupted in Gaza in apparent celebration of the soldier 's capture . Israel 's ambassador to the United Nations later disputed that claim . "  There 's no kidnapped Israeli soldier , and those rumors are untrue , " Ron Prosor said . But Monday morning , the Israeli government said it was unsure . "  It could just be Hamas bravado . We 're looking into it , " Regev said . "  We do n't underestimate Hamas . Hamas has built a formidable military machine . We see that with these rockets that they can shoot at the center of our country -- at Jerusalem and Tel Aviv . That network of tunnels under the Gaza Strip , there 's a whole subterranean terror world there in Gaza . Some of those can go into Israel and pop up on our side of the frontier with arms , with explosives and can cause murder and mayhem on our side . So we take the Hamas threat very seriously . " If the claim is true , it will be "  a game changer immediately because it 's going to change what the Israelis are doing on the ground in that sector . They 're going to be looking for him , " said CNN military analyst Lt. Col. Rick Francona . But , he added , "  overall , the Israeli strategy is not going to change . They 're committed to this mission . " In 2006 , Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit was captured . He was released some five years later in exchange for more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners . Hezbollah reaches out to Hamas The Lebanese militant group Hezbollah reached out to Hamas to express its support Monday . Hassan Nasrallah , the group 's secretary-general , spoke with Hamas political chief Khaled Meshaal , who lives in Qatar . Nasrallah "  praised the steadfastness of the resisters and their creativeness in the battlefield , the enormous patience of the wronged people of Gaza and their stand behind their resistance , " according to a CNN translation of a Hezbollah statement . Nasrallah also spoke with Ramadan Shallah , head of Islamic Jihad , another Palestinian militant group , the statement said . Shallah is one of the FBI 's most wanted terrorists . CNN 's Karl Penhaul and Ian Lee reported from Gaza City , Josh Levs and Ali Younes from Atlanta and Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong . CNN 's Kareem Khadder , Ben Wedeman , Atika Shubert , Ben Brumfield , Tim Lister , Michael Martinez , Mohammed Tawfeeq and Yon Pomrenze contributed to this report .	The United States announces $ 47 million in humanitarian assistance to Gaza "  What happened in Gaza ... is nothing but a massacre , " says Palestinian lawmaker Israeli kindergarten struck ; it was empty Gaza hospital shelled ; Israel says missiles in the vicinity were targeted
CNN  -- The company owns The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino and the Sands Expo and Convention Center in Las Vegas , Nevada and the Sands Macau in The People 's Republic of China 's Special Administrative Region of Macau , as well as Venetian Macau Limited , a developer of additional multiple casino hotel resort properties in Macau . The first phase of the Venetian Casino Resort opened in May 1999 , which originally consisted of 3,036 suites though the number of suites was reduced over time to 3,014 based on renovations and remodeling . Since it 's opening , the property has received recognition as revolutionizing the Las Vegas hotel industry , and has been honored with architectural and other awards naming it as one the finest hotels in the world . In 2003 , The Venetian added the 1,013-suite Venezia tower -- giving The Venetian 4,027 suites , 18 world-class restaurants , and a retail mall with canals , gondolas and singing gondoliers . In May 2004 , Las Vegas Sands opened the Sands Macau , located on China 's southeastern coast . The Sands Macau includes approximately 163,000 square feet of gaming facilities , luxury suites , specialty restaurants and an International VIP club . In December 2004 , in one of the year 's most anticipated initial public offerings , Dr. and Mr. Adelson rang the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange and with it shares of Las Vegas Sands Corp. began trading . The price of the Sands stock rose 61 percent on its opening day , becoming the largest opening day of any American-based initial public offering in the last two years . The Venetian Casino Resort is one of the most productive properties on the Strip , having an occupancy rate of 98.3 % and an average daily room rate of $ 219 during the nine months ended September 30 , 2004 . E-mail to a friend	The company owns three major casino complexes , in Las Vegas and Macau Venetian Casino Resort opened in 1999 , originally consisted of 3,036 suites In May 2004 , Las Vegas Sands opened the Sands Macau
