CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration stood by its security officers Sunday after a Florida woman complained that her cancer-stricken , 95-year-old mother was patted down and forced to remove her adult diaper while going through security . Reports of the incident took hold in social media , with scores of comments on the topic and reposts appearing hourly on Twitter Sunday afternoon . The TSA released a statement Sunday defending its agents ' actions at the Northwest Florida Regional Airport . "  While every person and item must be screened before entering the secure boarding area , TSA works with passengers to resolve security alarms in a respectful and sensitive manner , " the federal agency said . "  We have reviewed the circumstances involving this screening and determined that our officers acted professionally and according to proper procedure . " Jean Weber told CNN 's Fredricka Whitfield on Sunday that the security officers may have been procedurally correct , but she still does not believe they were justified , especially given her mother 's frail condition . "  If this is your procedure -- which I do understand -- I also feel that your procedure needs to be changed , " she said . Weber said the two were traveling June 18 from northwest Florida to Michigan , so her mother could move in with relatives before eventually going to an assisted living facility . "  My mother is very ill , she has a form of leukemia , " Weber said . "  She had a blood transfusion the week before , just to bolster up her strength for this travel . " While going through security , the 95-year-old was taken by a TSA officer into a glassed-in area , where a pat-down was performed , Weber said . An agent told Weber "  they felt something suspicious on  her mother 's  leg and they could n't determine what it was " -- leading them to take her into a private , closed room . Soon after , Weber said , a TSA agent came out and told her that her mother 's Depend undergarment was "  wet and it was firm , and they could n't check it thoroughly . " The mother and daughter left to find a bathroom , at the TSA officer 's request , to take off the adult diaper . Weber said she burst into tears during the ordeal , forcing her own pat-down and other measures in accordance with TSA protocol . But she said her mother , a nurse for 65 years , "  was very calm " despite being bothered by the fact that she had to go through the airport without underwear . Eventually , Weber said she asked for her mother to be whisked away to the boarding gate without her , because their plane was scheduled to leave in two minutes and Weber was still going through security . By this weekend , the 95-year-old woman -- who was not identified by name -- was doing "  fine " in Michigan , where her niece and her family "  was treating her like royalty because they love her so much . " "  My mother is a trouper , " Weber said . This is not the first time that the TSA 's pat-downs of passengers have come under fire , nor the first time that the agency has rallied behind its officers and policy . Last year , the administration announced it was ramping up the use of full-body scanning and pat-downs to stop nonmetallic threats , including explosives , from getting on planes . The goal is to head off attacks such as the one allegedly attempted in Christmas 2009 by Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , who allegedly had a bomb sewn into his underwear on a flight from the Netherlands to Michigan . The TSA estimates that only 3 % of passengers are subjected to pat-downs -- and then only after they have set off a metal detector or declined to step into a full-body scanner . Yet the new policy has triggered an uproar online and in airports , from a relatively small but vocal number of travelers who feel their rights and privacy were being violated . But the federal safety agency has n't backed down , making some adjustments but no major changes to its policy . "  Every traveler is a critical partner in TSA 's efforts to keep our skies safe , " Administrator John Pistole , who ordered the new approach , said last fall . "  And I know and appreciate that the vast majority of Americans recognize and respect the important work we do . " More recently , outrage erupted over a video-recorded pat-down of a 6-year-old passenger last April at New Orleans ' airport . The video , which was posted on YouTube , shows the girl protesting the search by a female security officer at first , though she complies quietly while it is underway . Pistole addressed this controversy at a Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee meeting last week , explaining the pat-down was ordered because the child had moved while passing through a body imaging machine . He told committee members that "  we have changed the policy  so  that there 'll be repeated efforts made to resolve that without a pat-down . " The next day , TSA spokesman Greg Soule said that the new policy -- which will apply to children age 12 and younger -- is in the process of being rolled out . It will give security officers "  more options , " but does not eliminate pat-downs as one of them . "  This decision will ultimately reduce -- though not eliminate -- pat-downs , " Soule said .	A 95-year-old woman was held up by TSA officers at a Florida airport , her daughter says The agents forced the cancer-stricken woman to take off her adult diaper , she adds The TSA insists its officers "  acted professionally and according to proper procedure " The woman 's daughter says those procedures should be changed
CNN  -- Former Finnish President Martti Ahtisaari has won the 2008 Nobel Peace Prize , the Norwegian Nobel Committee announced Friday . Former Finland President Martii Ahtisaari twice worked to find a solution in Kosovo . "  Ahtisaari is an outstanding international mediator , " said Ole Danbolt Mjoes , chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee . "  Through his untiring efforts and good results , he has shown what role mediation of various kinds can play in the resolution of international conflicts . " The committee cited Ahtisaari 's "  significant " part in establishing Namibia 's independence and his "  central " role in solving the question of the Indonesian province of Aceh in 2005 . Watch as Finland celebrates the announcement " Ahtisaari twice worked to find a solution in Kosovo -- first in 1999 and again between 2005 and 2007 . He also worked with others this year to find a peaceful solution to the problems in Iraq , the committee said . Ahtisaari and his group , Crisis Management Initiative , also contributed to resolving other conflicts in Northern Ireland , Central Asia , and the Horn of Africa , the committee said . "  The Norwegian Nobel Committee wishes to express the hope that others may be inspired by his efforts and his achievements , " Mjoes said . The committee awards the peace prize annually according to guidelines laid down in the will of its founder , Alfred Nobel . He specified the prize should go to whoever "  shall have done the most or the best work for fraternity between nations , for the abolition or reduction of standing armies and for the holding and promotion of peace congresses . " The prestigious prize includes a medal , a personal diploma , and 10 million Swedish crowns  $ 1.4 million  in prize money . Former U.S. Vice President Al Gore shared last year 's prize with the Intergovernmental Panel of Climate Change . The committee plans to award the prize to Ahtisaari on December 10 at Oslo City Hall in Norway . The peace prize is one of five Nobel prizes awarded annually . The others -- for physics , chemistry , physiology or medicine , and literature -- were announced this week and will be awarded in Stockholm , Sweden later this year .	Committee cited Ahtisaari 's "  significant " part in Namibia 's independence Worked with others this year to find a peaceful solution in Iraq Helped broker a deal in troubled Indonesian province of Aceh in 2005 Ahtisaari left office in March 2001
New York  CNN  -- He 's designed everything from upscale hotels and restaurants to the sets for Broadway plays and the Academy Awards ceremony . So you might think that creating a kids ' playground would n't appeal to world-renowned architect David Rockwell . But it did . Rockwell , a father of two , became frustrated when he took his kids to traditional playgrounds . He found that these play areas lacked creativity . "  Traditional playgrounds are geared toward gross motor skills and linear play ... they are largely made of fixed equipment : seesaws , slides , monkey bars , swings , " Rockwell said . "  They are fantastic places to build gross motor skills . " So he decided to design a playground that focused on building imagination by letting the kids build the playground themselves . The first of his Imagination Playgrounds opened in July in lower Manhattan . " -LSB- Imagination Playground -RSB- is a totally manipulatable playground in which every part of it allows kids to create their own constantly transformable play escape . " Visiting the playground in lower Manhattan is an adventure . It 's not every day , as a CNN reporter , I get to cross over a moat and dodge pipes and water noodles while getting doused with the occasional water splash . In a world of endless standardized tests and regimented schedules , Rockwell 's playground is meant to encourage creative thinking , teamwork and risk taking . At first , it looks like a regular playground , but look closer , and there are no swings or monkey bars . Instead , there 's water , real sand , big blue foam pieces in many different shapes , shovels , wheelbarrows , balls and lots of running space . Kids have to work together here : two boys are dragging foam pieces from the sand to the water , while another group stacks them . When I ask why they 're doing all this work , they say , "  To close the hole in our bridge . " Most of the groups of kids have just met each other in the playground on this very day . Charlotte Kelman , 10 , stopped and pointed to a shapeless stack of blue foam wedges . "  See , that 's a boat you can float on , " she said . "  I was actually kind of helping make it . " She says she just met the kids who helped her build it in the park today . We spoke with Rockwell in the playground as two kids pushed past us with a wheelbarrow filled with foam blocks , while others built what Rockwell guessed was "  a raft city . " Laughing , he described it as "  a humbling experience for a control freak architect . " "  One hundred percent of the time , the kids do not use the objects in the way I designed them to be used , " he said . Rockwell likes to visit the playground to see what new ideas kids have developed for his foam pieces . "  We 're finding that kids are so over-programmed and have so little free time that when they get here , their own little creative potential is unleashed , " he said . It took him more than five years to build Imagination Playground , and he did n't do it alone . He consulted with play experts and conducted focus groups watching kids use prototypes of the foam . Susan Solomon , one of the play experts who worked with Rockwell on Imagination Playground , would like to see more playgrounds like it . "  It 's all about avoiding risk in most playgrounds , so it 's been dumbed down and there 's less and less kids can do , " Solomon explained . This one is different because "  everything can be invented , reinvented , and this is critical for how kids learn . This enables kids to make their own decisions , to see cause and effect by building up , destroying , building again , " she said . But building more playgrounds like this one wo n't be cheap : Rockwell donated his time and design expertise and helped raise money for the project . The Lower Manhattan Development Corp. donated $ 4.4 million , and the city of New York threw in an additional $ 3 million to get the underground pipes in working order . Solomon believes these kinds of play experiences help prepare kids for environments where not everything is controlled . "  Here , nothing is fixed , nothing is predetermined , and they can see consequences , learn to make decisions , " Solomon said . "  They learn that not everything is already laid out for you in a way in which it 's always going to be perfect : It 's possible to fail . " Gail Daum brought her daughter to the park for the first time while we were there . "  I love it , " she said as she watched her daughter help another little girl carry a large white pipe across the playground . "  She just seems to be creating things and interacting with younger and older kids . It 's been a great experience so far . " Rockwell is trying to raise a $ 5 million endowment to sustain the playground , which has some atypical costs , including replacing the foam pieces and paying for two "  play assistants " who oversee the kids . Rockwell is also exporting the idea to other cities . He 's made portable versions of the playground , which he calls "  Playground in a Box " -- each contains the foam pieces and other loose parts . Rockwell says they 're now in some parks and children 's museums around the country . They cost between $ 7,600 and $ 11,700 . He does n't make money off this project . He says he does it because he believes it makes a difference , and he 'd like to build more full-scale Imagination Playgrounds in other cities around the country . Rockwell smiled as we watched two girls try to dam up a waterspout . "  I love working for these constituents , " he said . "  They are my most interesting clients . "	David Rockwell designed Academy Awards sets , Nobu restaurants and W Hotels A father of two , the architect found traditional playgrounds uninspiring He created Imagination Playground , where kids use teamwork and creativity to play Manhattan playground cost more than $ 7 million ; he 's seeking $ 5 million more to sustain it
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- It 's been more than five months since Indonesians have seen the latest Hollywood flicks on the big screen . But cinema owners say the long wait is now over , with monster hit "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 " releasing on Friday . Djonny Sjafruddin , head of the Indonesian Cinema Companies Union , says blockbusters "  Transformers 3 " and "  Kung Fu Panda 2 " will follow a few weeks later . In February major Hollywood studios stopped distributing films to Indonesia , after the government said it would impose a new royalty tax on imported movies . That led to a protracted dispute between the government and the country 's movie distributors . Sjafruddin says a new tax scheme is now in place , eliminating the royalty tax but increasing import duties by 100 % . Earlier this month , many Indonesians looked on enviously as long-awaited summer blockbusters screened in cinemas around the globe . Some made their way to neighboring Singapore . Avid movie enthusiast Erza Setyadarma flew to the city state and watched Harry Potter and five other movies in just three days . He was not alone . "  I was shocked to see so many Indonesians there . We bumped into almost everyone we knew , in all the cinemas " , he says . There were enough Indonesians in Singapore for at least one theater chain to offer them a free pass for every eight movie tickets . The short flight is relatively inexpensive , so this became a common last resort among Indonesians who had the means . Many others resorted to buying pirated DVDs on the black market or settled for second-tier foreign movies and locally made flicks . Setyadarma heads the Indonesian Opera Society and is a supporter of the arts and movies . Many like him are appalled that Indonesians were deprived of quality films for so long . "  We 're supposed to be a progressive , modern country and we ca n't see a decent movie . It 's ridiculous " , he says . According to the Cinema Companies Union , there are 16 film distribution companies but the two largest previously brought in films by Hollywood 's major studios . Shortly after the boycott was announced , the government ordered three film importers to pay a total of 31 billion rupiah  $ 3.6 million dollars  in unpaid taxes . One importer has paid up but the two larger ones are still contesting it in court and are still banned from importing films . Sjafruddin says the government is auditing all the other distributors . A new distribution company was then given a permit to import "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 , " "  Transformers 3 " and "  Kung Fu Panda 2 . " While moviegoers express relief over the news , others doubt the real issues have been resolved . Advertising executive Ricky Pesik and his family also squeezed in as many movies into their recent Singapore holiday . Pesik says "  the real problem is fair business practice in movie distribution " . Setyadarma applauds the government for clamping down on the errant distributors but adds "  the tax issue is n't the problem . The problem is the monopoly . I ca n't stand it . Why not open up the distribution to others ? I love playing the game of Monopoly but it should n't be applied in real life " . In this game , moviegoers and local cinemas have been the biggest losers . Syamsul Lusa , director of film at the Ministry of Tourism and Culture , says the absence of marquee films in Indonesia has taken its toll on local cinemas , citing a decrease in business of roughly 30 % to 40 % over the last four months . Sjafruddin says income from the taxes dropped 50 % in the first quarter of 2011 , from 3.9 billion rupiah to only 1.8 billion rupiah . Movie fans are sure to pack theaters when the final Harry Potter installment releases on Friday . The dispute has played out like an extended suspense flick and many in Indonesia hope it 's reached the end of its reel . Anantha Natalegawa and Masyitha Chita Baziad contributed to this story .	In February major Hollywood studios stopped distributing films to Indonesia Government taxes led to a protracted dispute with the country 's movie distributors Some Indonesians have been visiting neighboring Singapore to see the latest films
The Greek parliament voted Sunday to approve the nation 's 2013 budget that contains steep austerity cuts required for Greece to receive the next installment of a crucial economic bailout . The cuts have provoked ire among Greeks furious about the effects of multiple rounds of belt-tightening , which have resulted in cuts to pensions and pay . Greece has seen its unemployment soar to more than 25 % . The final tally in the 300-member parliament was 167 votes in favor , 128 opposed , with four abstentions . One lawmaker was not present at the vote , which took place amid protests organized by Greece 's largest public and private sector unions . Addressing lawmakers ahead the vote , Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras pledged the severe spending cuts included in the budget would be the last the Greek people will have to face . Greece , "  as of tommorrow , turns a page , " he said . Even though the parliament approved the budget , a disagreement among its creditors may delay delivery of the financial aid . Reports from Brussels and elsewhere suggest that the European Union , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund officials have been unable to reach an agreement on the release of the money . The EU 's finance ministers are set to meet Monday in Brussels , where the bailout funds for Greece , which is grappling with its fifth year of recession , is likely to top the agenda . "  Greece has done what it was asked to do and now is the time for the creditors to make good on their commitments , " said Samaras . Passage of the austerity cuts was needed for the payout of the next international bailout installment of 31.5 billion euros  about $ 40.2 billion  , which the Greek government desperately needs to stay in operation . Without the aid , Samaras has said , it would run out of money by mid-November . More than one-fifth of the population could face poverty , defined as a family of four on an income of 13,842 euros  about $ 17,500  per year , state news agency AMNA has reported . The budget contains reforms and fiscal measures worth 13.5 billion euros over the next two years . It will raise the retirement age from 65 to 67 and cut pensions on average between 5 % and 15 % . Some salaries in the public sector will be reduced by about a third , and several bonuses will be scrapped . Some judges must take a 30 % pay cut , for example . The thorniest issue is that of labor law changes . The austerity measures contained in the budget give the government the right to set the minimum wage as of April 2013 . It also reduces the redundancy notice period -- the time given to workers to leave their jobs after being laid off -- and limits compensation for workers with more than 16 years of service , as well as allowing stores the right to ask employees to work more flexible hours . The anger in the Greek population against the latest round of cuts , which come on top of many others , runs deep . "  The measures just never stop . Every time , politicians say they are going to be the last measures ... they are never the last , " Melina Grigoriadou , a 50-year-old married businesswoman with two children , told CNN last week . As lawmakers considered the austerity measures included in the draft budget , protesters in Athens threw Molotov cocktails and police fought back with tear gas outside the parliament as lawmakers prepared to vote . As many as 70,000 people took part in demonstrations in Athens ' central Syntagma Square , outside the parliament building , according to police estimates .	The final tally was 167 votes in favor , 128 opposed , with four abstentions The parliament needed to OK the budget to receive the next round of bailout funds Greece 's budget contains steep austerity measures , including cuts to pay and pensions A disagreement among Greece 's creditors may delay the bailout aid
CNN  -- A Utah man trapped for more than 26 hours in a crevice of a popular cave tourist attraction died as rescuers struggled to save him , authorities said Thursday . John Edward Jones , 26 , of Stansbury Park was stuck in the Nutty Putty Cave , which sits west of Utah Lake near Cedar Valley , according to the sheriff 's office of Utah County . The cave is 55 to 60 miles south of Salt Lake City . Sheriff 's officials said Jones entered the cave at around 6 p.m. Tuesday with a group of about 11 people and became stuck about 8:45 p.m. in a "  tightly confined " feature inside Nutty Putty Cave called "  Bob 's Push . " Utah County sheriff 's spokesman Sgt. Spencer Cannon told CNN affiliate KSL that Jones was trapped upside down in a crevice that was about 18 inches wide and about 10 inches high . The crevice is about 150 feet below the surface and about 700 feet from the cave entrance , according to the sheriff 's department . "  They had him to a level spot where he was n't heading downhill with his head below his feet , " Cannon said . "  During the course of that , they have a raising system to hold him in position , and one of the devices of that system failed , and Mr. Jones actually fell back to the area where he had been stuck for so long . " Shortly before midnight on Wednesday , rescuers got close enough to Jones to conclude that he was not breathing and he had no pulse . Rescue officials were meeting Thursday to determine how to recover Jones ' body . Rescuers had tried to reach Jones for more than 24 hours , but had problems navigating the treacherous terrain , Cannon said . "  Getting people to him is very difficult , " Cannon told KSL before Jones died . "  It is a tightly confined space . When there is movement , it is literally millimeters at a time . " There are narrow areas of the cave where visitors have to crawl on their bellies to get through , according to the attraction 's Web site . Up to 5,000 people visit each year , the site said .	John Edward Jones was stuck in cave crevice outside Salt Lake City He was trapped in a space that was 18 inches wide , 10 inches deep One of the rescue tools failed while trying to free him and Jones fell back
CNN  North Korea tested what it described as a new type of "  cutting-edge " anti-ship missile with its leader Kim Jong Un pictured beaming at the launch , as shown in state media on Saturday . But some analysts are saying North Korea 's touted missiles appear to be Russian designs . The announcement of the test also occurs just weeks before the annual joint U.S.-South Korea military exercises , that annually draws colorful rhetoric and promises of catastrophe from Pyongyang . The test-firing took place in the East Sea and the North Korean media boasted that its "  intelligent rocket precisely sought , tracked and hit the ` enemy ' ship after taking a safe flight . " The South Korean Defense ministry said five short-range missiles were fired on Sunday with a range of 200 kilometers  124 miles  . The purpose of the new missiles are for North Korea to defend its waters and "  strongly react to any attempt of the enemy 's fleets of warships for military attack , through close combat or distant combat , " according to North Korea 's state-run KCNA news agency . North Korean media also showed a beaming Kim standing with military generals who were applauding . It also reported that Kim expressed "  satisfaction " over the "  highest level " of rockets being developed in North Korea . But that point is being disputed , as one analytical officer wrote the weapon appeared to be a Russian Kh-35E anti-ship cruise missile . "  Whether the KPN  Korean People 's Navy  acquired the system directly from Russia or a third party is unclear , " wrote Joseph S. Bermudez in the North Korea analysis site , 38 North . "  Should the new system be successfully integrated into the KPN and widely deployed it would represent a significant step towards redressing the service 's obsolescence and increasing the threat poised to South Korean and U.S. Navy vessels in the region . " Bermudez also cautioned that this was only a "  potential development " as North Korea 's military has a "  long history of slow and often poor system integration . " This year , North Korea has made the usual protestations of the joint U.S.-South Korea military exercises , which it has referred in the past as "  joint saber-rattling . " It offered a nuclear moratorium earlier this year in exchange for canceling the joint exercises . But the U.S. rejected the proposal , with a State Department spokeswoman calling it a "  false choice . " Through KCNA , North Korea has since denounced U.S. with its colorful slogans as : "  Let 's wipe out and annihilate the enemy and give death to him ! " and warning that the U.S. "  imperialists will face final doom . " After the Korean War , which ended with an armistice in 1953 , the U.S. has maintained military personnel in South Korea . Based on a mutual defense treaty , the countries have carried out annual joint military exercises between U.S. units and South Korean armed forces , that they say are defensive in nature . CNN 's Paula Hancocks in Seoul , South Korea , contributed to this report .	North Korea tests anti-ship missile it says was developed in the country Analyst says the missile actually look similar to Russian Kh-35E anti-ship cruise missile Announcement comes before annual U.S.-South Korea exercises that draws heavy criticism from North Korea
CNN  -- I can pinpoint the exact moment that put me on a path to moderate San Diego Comic-Con 's first anti-bullying panel last weekend . It happened 32 months ago , when I published a blog post about my first-grade daughter Katie , who was taunted for carrying a "  Star Wars " water bottle and backpack . It was the post that launched a thousand geeks , and then 5,000 tweets . Over the next weeks and months , I read a near-constant stream of e-mails , letters and messages from people around the world who wanted to share their own stories of bullying and peer victimization . The story touched the collective nerve of a very motivated and tech-savvy group of people , who took my daughter in as one of their own . My husband and I like to say that we were the first ones to adopt Katie , and the self-proclaimed geeks and nerds adopted her six years later . The kindness of strangers to our family served as the catalyst for my transition to full-time work as an anti-bullying advocate . After interviewing hundreds of people , including parents , teachers , kids , bullies , victims , bystanders , researchers , psychologists , lawmakers , celebrities and social workers , I wrote a book about why bullying persists in our culture and how we can end the cycle of fear . But even within geek culture , there is still a vast amount of peer victimization , harassment and bullying . The gaming industry has been plagued by a hotbed of vicious attacks -- male gamers versus female gamers and hardcore gamers versus casual gamers , with issues of misogyny and homophobia and discrimination coming to the forefront of our collective consciousness . Within cosplay , people attack each other over myriad issues : Is the costume authentic ? Does the person have the right body shape or ethnicity for the chosen costume ? The roles of bullies and victims can sometimes be blurry , especially when someone who was bullied as a child grows up to be the aggressor . In a world that likes to simplify goodies versus baddies , bullying dynamics are not always so simple to deconstruct . Comic-Con is widely revered as the mecca of pop culture conventions , but it had never hosted a conversation directly about bullying . Just as parents , kids and communities are talking about social cruelty in schools and online , I wanted to keep the discussion going among geeks and nerds . We need an opportunity to reach the content creators and ask : How can we respond to messages of bullying perpetuated by entertainment media while retaining dynamic narratives in music , movies , video games and comics ? Two years ago at the first GeekGirlCon , I met Chase Masterson , who played Leeta during the final five seasons of "  Star Trek : Deep Space 9 . " Masterson has mentored kids in gangs for many years , and she views bullying prevention as a passion project . "  There 's strength in the knowledge that countless bullied kids , who have felt so hopeless , have overcome that pain and have rich , fulfilling lives and relationships . And people who have been bullied have a unique ability to become compassionate voices , leaders and champions over oppression ; the potential for healing to conquer injustice is huge , " she explained . A bite-size tour of Comic-Con At Comic-Con , Masterson and I debuted the newly formed Anti-Bullying Coalition to lead conversations about a wide range of bullying issues . How can we get society to stop blaming the victim ? How can we create safer spaces for GLBT kids ? How do we empower kids to speak up for others who are being victimized ? How do we raise children who are neither bullies nor victims ? The questions flew back and forth , bandied about by Coalition members such as No H8 Campaign , the United Nations Association , Cartoon Network 's Stop Bullying : Speak Up , the Anti-Defamation League and GLSEN . At one point I stood back and looked around , equal parts grateful and amazed to be part of the discussion . Surrounded by people in elaborate costumes , listening to the noise and excitement , I recalled the moment 32 months ago when I was just another worried mom , wondering how to help my kid . That moment led me here . Comic-Con is serving as a model for other conventions by addressing the issue of bullying . There is space for fun and games as well as tackling the more serious issues that affect convention-goers . Comic conventions provide a common forum for those with passionate -- even obsessive -- interests , and the same people who were once taunted for dressing as Superman in school are now celebrated as cosplayers at a con . Indeed , some of the strongest voices of support for Katie came from the 501st Legion , an international charitable organization dedicated to creating exact costume replications of characters from Star Wars . When Katie mentioned that she would like to be a Stormtrooper for Halloween last year , the 501st Legion put out a call to action , and members worldwide donated parts for a miniature set of armor . The Midwest Garrison assembled the costume and presented it to Katie in a ceremony that ended with her hugging Darth Vader . After Katie outgrows the armor , we 'll donate it back to the 501st so it can be passed to another child , most likely through the Make-A-Wish Foundation . Katie , who is off at sleep-away camp , was unable to attend Comic-Con . But she was with me every step of the way . Late Sunday afternoon , in the final hour of the final day of the con , the first-ever anti-bullying panel took place . From the moment I posed the first question to writer Jane Espenson of "  Once Upon a Time " and "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer , " to the very last comments by Masterson , the room was full . Every person stayed . Within hours of the panel ending , tweets were already coming in from people asking us to bring anti-bullying panels to other pop culture conventions . Leaders in the geek community are spreading the word . I think back to the first moments of the panel , when I said to the room , "  Raise your hand if you still remember a specific incidence of being taunted from more than a decade ago . " The sheer number of hands in the air served as testimony to the power of hurt feelings to linger . From now on , Comic-Con convention-goers will come for cosplay , entertainment , freebies , autographs -- and healing .	Author Carrie Goldman moderated the first anti-bullying panel at San Diego Comic-Con Goldman : "  Even within geek culture , there is still a vast amount of peer victimization " More pop culture cons need to start conversations about bullying , Goldman says "  There is space for fun and games as well as tackling the more serious issues , " she says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two Chinese fishing vessels came "  dangerously close " to a U.S. military ship in the Yellow Sea off the coast of China last week -- the fifth such incident in the past few months , two U.S. officials told CNN Tuesday . The USNS Victorious is an unarmed ocean surveillance ship operated by a civilian crew . The officials -- who could not be identified because the incident has not yet been formally announced -- said the two Chinese boats approached the USNS Victorious , a military sealift command ship , in international waters Friday in the Yellow Sea , which lies between China and North and South Korea . Over a period of several hours , the officials said , the Chinese vessels repeatedly came close to the Victorious in what was described as deliberate maneuvers -- once coming within 30 yards of the U.S. vessel . Both officials said the Chinese vessels came to a dead halt in front of the Victorious at one point , in heavy fog , causing the U.S. ship to have to come to a dangerous sudden stop . The officials did not know the exact size of the Chinese ships but described them as being smaller than the 235-foot long U.S. vessel . The crew of the Victorious turned its fire hoses on to keep the Chinese ships away but did not directly spray them at the smaller boats , one official said . The Victorious also sounded its danger alarm system and radioed for assistance to a larger Chinese fisheries service vessel nearby . That vessel did shine a light on the small Chinese vessels but took no further action , the official said . The USNS Victorious is an unarmed ocean surveillance ship operated by a civilian mariner crew working for the Military Sealift Command . The mission is to conduct authorized undersea listening operations in international waters , according to the U.S. Navy . There is video of this latest incident , but it has not been released by the Pentagon . The Victorious was involved in another incident with a Chinese ship on March 4 in the Yellow Sea , when a Chinese Bureau of Fisheries Patrol vessel used a spotlight to illuminate the Victorious and crossed the U.S. vessel 's bow "  at a range of about 1,400 yards in darkness without notice or warning , " according to a Pentagon statement . The following day , a Chinese Y-12 maritime surveillance aircraft conducted 12 fly-bys of the Victorious at an altitude of about 400 feet and a range of 500 yards , the Pentagon said . On March 6 , a Chinese frigate approached the USNS Impeccable , another U.S. ocean surveillance ship , "  and proceeded to cross its bow at a range of approximately 100 yards , " the Pentagon said . Two hours later , a Chinese Y-12 aircraft conducted 11 fly-bys of the Impeccable at an altitude of 600 feet and a range from 100-300 feet , the statement said . Two days later , five Chinese ships surrounded and harassed the Impeccable in the South China Sea . The crew of the Impeccable turned its fire hoses on the Chinese boats , which also moved in front of the U.S. vessel and dropped pieces of wood in the water . The United States protested the actions to Beijing as "  unprofessional . " Last week 's incident came soon after U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Gary Roughead returned from a visit to China last month . He was there to discuss the safety of U.S. and Chinese maritime operations . After the Impeccable incidents , the U.S. Navy provided armed warships to escort some USNS ships in the region , but as one of the officials said , "  it 's international waters , we should not have to do that . " The Chinese claim much of those waters as an economic zone over which they have sole authority .	Chinese boats force U.S. ship to come to dangerous sudden stop , U.S. officials say The fishing boats repeatedly come close to USNS Victorious , officials say USNS Victorious authorized to do listening operations in international waters The Victorious was involved in another incident in Yellow Sea in March
CNN  -- Jacques Kallis has crowned his final Test appearance with an innings that typifies his status as one of cricket 's greatest batsmen . The 38-year-old posted a defiant 115 runs on Sunday as South Africa piled up 500 against India in the second Test of the series in Durban . It was his 45th century in the five-day format , leaving Kallis behind only the record 51 set by Sachin Tendulkar -- who retired from the game last month . The innings also lifted Kallis into third place in the all-time Test run-scoring standings , above Tendulkar 's compatriot Rahul Dravid with 13,289 in his 166th match . Kallis , who announced before the match that it would be his last , had resumed on his overnight score of 78 . He was dismissed soon after passing Dravid , and Dale Steyn then fell for 44 , but Robin Peterson  61 off 52 balls  and Faf du Plessis  43 off 70  combined to give the top-ranked home team a first-innings lead of 166 against No. 2 India . The tourists then slumped to 68-2 when bad light ended play on day four , still trailing by 98 overall . While that two-Test series is evenly poised after a draw in the opening match , Australia cantered to a 4-0 lead in the Ashes against England on Sunday . The home side will seek to inflict an embarrassing whitewash in the final Test after triumphing by eight wickets in Melbourne . Resuming day four on 30-0 in pursuit of 231 for victory , the Australians lost just two wickets as veteran opener Chris Rogers made 116 from 155 deliveries and Shane Watson was undefeated on 83 off just 90 balls faced , hitting 11 boundaries . Captain Michael Clarke hailed his team after bouncing back from a poor first innings , which had given England a 51-run advantage . "  I think for the first time in this series , we were behind in a Test match -- and we had to find a way to claw our way back into it , " Clarke told reporters . "  We let ourselves down with the bat -- certainly our top six batters did n't bat as well as we would have liked in the first innings . "  The way our bowlers were able to turn it around -- knocking them over for 179 -- and the way we batted today , you see the real positive sides of this team . "	South Africa batsman Jacques Kallis scores century in his final Test Kallis ' 115 puts Proteas in charge of second match against India Tourists battling to avoid defeat after losing two wickets on Sunday Australia takes 4-0 lead against England in Ashes with Melbourne win
CNN  -- The climate change crisis is upon us . The world 's leading climate scientists agree that time is rapidly running out and that urgent steps are needed in the next 10 years to dramatically reduce our carbon emissions . But exchanging global warming for nuclear meltdown is not the answer . From a purely practical standpoint â $ " and ignoring for a moment nuclear power 's other showstoppers such as cost , unmanaged nuclear waste , atomic weapons proliferation and catastrophic accident â $ " there simply is n't time to choose nuclear power . There are faster , affordable alternatives , including energy efficiency and renewable energy installations such as wind farms and solar arrays that can be completed in months to a few years . The average construction time for a new nuclear power reactor is close to 10 years . A 2003 Massachusetts Institute of Technology study concluded that more than two new reactors would have to start operating somewhere in the world every month over the next 50 years to displace a significant amount of carbon-emitting fossil-fuel generation . Such a fantasy does not pass the reality check in corporate boardrooms or on Wall Street where nuclear power has been soundly rejected . The exorbitant costs and unpredictably long completion time -- a reactor at Watts Bar in Tennessee , for example , was "  under construction " for 23 years and may be connected to the grid by 2015 -- make nuclear power an unappealing , even reckless , business choice for corporations and shareholders . Construction costs for a new reactor are predicted to top at least $ 15 billion , assuming the project remains on budget , which those under way in France and Finland have demonstrably failed to do . Meanwhile , since 2008 , the world market cost of solar photovoltaic modules has fallen by 80 % . In the U.S. , the four reactors currently under already-behind-schedule construction in Georgia and South Carolina would never have begun without fleecing ratepayers in advance through a surcharge on their electricity bills . This cost is shouldered by ratepayers even if the reactor they are paying for is never completed . Government support does not sweeten the pill . Constellation Energy abandoned its application for a new reactor in Maryland after being offered a federal loan of just under $ 8 billion , a burden that would likely have been shouldered at least in part by taxpayers . Constellation pulled out because it was unwilling to risk $ 880 million of its own money in federal financing charges . Advocates of allegedly "  new " designs such as the sodium-cooled integral fast reactor  IFR  touted in "  Pandora 's Promise " are reaching back into the atomic dark ages . Previous incarnations of this design have suffered fires , leaks and disastrous economics . For example , Monju in Japan , cost $ 10.11 billion and generated just one hour of electricity before closing . The "  new " IFR design is decades away , economically unappealing , proliferation risky , and its safety claims are unproven . The IFR can not magically eat nuclear waste for lunch as some claim . Theoretically , it can gradually reduce the amount of the more dangerous isotopes in the waste , but the process comes at very high costs with marginal benefits and would take hundreds of years . Energy efficiency measures and renewable energy , which have been marginalized by decades of disproportionate federal handouts to the nuclear sector , are the real answer . They can be deployed fast , far more cheaply and safely , are more practical in rural , developing countries , and are more effective in displacing carbon than nuclear power . Germany has stepped in where the United States failed to lead , well on the way to a 100 % renewable energy economy by 2050 , with a revitalized supply chain and 380,000 jobs in the renewable energy sector compared with 30,000 in nuclear . Nuclear France , meanwhile , must import electricity in winter and during summer droughts and heat waves . The ongoing nuclear crisis in Japan in the aftermath of the triple reactor meltdowns at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear complex serves as a permanent reminder of the unacceptable risks posed by the current fleet of nuclear plants . Given the latency period between exposure even to "  low " doses of radiation and the manifestation of disease , we may not know the true health effects of the Fukushima nuclear disaster for decades . The experience of the 1986 Chernobyl reactor accident demonstrates that negative health effects can last generations , cause immense suffering and trigger other fatal and non-fatal illnesses as well as birth defects . Even the routine radioactive releases from nuclear power plants can prove fatal . Studies in Germany and France found elevated rates of leukemia among children living near nuclear power plants . The situation at Fukushima remains perilous and could still become orders of magnitude worse . A technology that has the capacity to poison human resources and render vast areas unfit for habitation for decades , even centuries , can not be endorsed by environmentalists and runs contrary to the best interests of humanity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Linda Gunter and Kevin Kamps .	Authors : There is n't time to choose nuclear power as a way to stop climate change Wall Street rejects nuclear power plants for being costly and time consuming , say authors Beyond Nuclear 's Linda Gunter and Kevin Kamps say advanced nuclear technology is risky
CNN  -- World champion Jorge Lorenzo trimmed the lead of this season 's MotoGP pacesetter Dani Pedrosa with his second successive race victory on Sunday , overcoming scorching hot conditions in Spain . Pedrosa had set a lap record in Saturday 's qualifying for the Catalunya Grand Prix , but was upstaged from the start by his fellow Spaniard and had to settle for second place as he spent most of the race holding off his rookie Honda teammate Marc Marquez . Lorenzo followed up his victory in Italy two weeks ago as the Yamaha rider moved to within seven points of Pedrosa after his third triumph in the sixth of 18 races on the 2013 calendar . The 26-year-old from Mallorca also won at Montmelo last year , and in 2010 when he went on to clinch his first world title in motorcycling 's elite class . "  To be honest I did n't expect to win , " Lorenzo said after registering his 26th career victory , putting him seventh on the all-time list . "  I knew I had some chance , but not like in Mugello where I was more convinced we could get the victory . It was really difficult physically as it was the hottest race of the year . I kept pushing 100 % all race because any mistake would have been a disaster . "  Because I was tough mentally and never gave up , I could open up a little gap in the last five laps that was enough to win . " Pedrosa , who is from the city of Sabadell in Catalonia province , has now been runner-up three times in his home race , which he won in 2008 . "  I had to ride a defensive race for most of it as Marc was really attacking me , " Pedrosa said . "  It was not a perfect race for me as I was never close enough to Jorge to pass him . It 's not a good feeling from this race but still I am relieved to be in the overall lead . " Marquez , who started sixth on the grid , bounced back from his crash-ruined weekend at Mugello as he claimed his fifth podium position this season to stay third in the championship -- 30 points behind Pedrosa . Seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi returned to form with fourth place , having failed to finish his home event in Italy after finishing 12th in France the previous race . "  Race by race , apart form the unlucky times especially like Mugello , we grow up and I am able to ride the bike in a better way , " he said . "  We still have some challenges , especially in the first part of the race where I still do n't have the right setting to push to the maximum . " Germany 's Stefan Bradl was fifth on a Honda ahead of Britain 's Bradley Smith -- who achieved a career-best finish for Monster Yamaha Tech 3 -- and Ducati 's Andrea Dovizioso . Spain 's Aleix Espargaro was eighth for Aprilla while U.S. veteran Colin Edwards was ninth on a Kawasaki ahead of Italian Michele Pirro on another Ducati . Monster Yamaha Tech 3 's Cal Crutchlow had started from second on the grid , but the British rider crashed out on the 10th lap along with Ducati 's former world champion Nicky Hayden to be among eight retirements .	Jorge Lorenzo closes to within seven points of MotoGP leader Dani Pedrosa Spaniards dominate at Montmelo , with Marc Marquez finishing third World champion Lorenzo becomes first rider to win three races this season His Yamaha teammate Valentino Rossi finishes fourth in hot conditions
Commuters encountered an unexpected passenger when they boarded a New York City subway train early Wednesday : a shark . A still wet 1-and-a-half foot shark carcass was discovered on the floor of a subway car at around midnight in downtown Manhattan . "  I thought it was just a plush toy or a prank , " passenger Juan Cano told CNN . "  When I saw the teeth that 's I knew it was real , it was no toy . " The shark , described as weighing between five to 10 pounds , was discovered near a row of seats by passengers on the Queens-bound N train at the 14th Street stop . The shark had blood on its mouth , as though it has recently been punctured by a fishing hook , according to Cano . The shark quickly drew a crowd , as entering subway riders began to photograph and pose with the shark , even adding a subway fare card , soft drink can and a cigarette to the supine shark as props . After several stops , an MTA official entered the train at Queensboro Plaza , cleared it of passengers , and locked its doors , Metropolitan Transit Authority spokesmen Kevin Ortiz told CNN . The shark was removed later that night and disposed of . The shark 's species was never identified . MTA officials were unable to "  determine the shark 's origin , " according to Ortiz . This is not the first case of a mysterious shark appearance . In Nantucket last week , a 5-foot-long shark carcass was discovered outside the door of a bar on Water Street . "  I have no idea how or why it got there . " Sea Dog Brew Pub manager Jim Agnew told CNN . Asked whether anything out of the ordinary happened that evening , Agnew could only point to having to ask two people to leave , but those were "  peaceful ejections " he said -- adding that the customs had since returned to the bar . Some have speculated that the appearance of sharks in mysterious places is a publicity stunt for the Discovery Channel 's "  Shark Week . " Photos of the two mysterious sharks have exploded on social media using the hashtag #sharkweek . Discovery Channel denies any involvement . "  Shark Week is all about conservation , so it deeply saddens us that someone would think that this was funny or in any way connected to our celebration of sharks , " said spokeswoman Laurie Goldberg . MTA officials told CNN they have no plans to "  continue investigating " how the shark got on the subway .	Shark carcass found on subway Passengers pose for photos MTA officials do n't know how it got on board
Washington  CNN  -- Some Marine Corps families , mourning a son or daughter killed in action , received an unexpected surprise for the holidays : an ornament of the Purple Heart , a letter addressed to their fallen hero and even information about athletic reconditioning . The Marine Corps was apologizing Tuesday for sending the packages to families of the fallen instead of the Marines wounded in action but still alive . "  There are no words to express how very sorry we are for the hurt such a mistake has caused the families of our fallen warriors , " said Col. John L. Mayer , commanding officer of the Marines Wounded Warrior Regiment . "  We always strive to honor the sacrifices these Marines , sailors and their families gave to this country . " Mayer , alerted to the problem when families began phoning in Monday , said there was no excuse for what happened . "  We accept full responsibility for this error and are moving quickly to reach out to the families we have affected , " he said in a statement . "  This initiative was meant to thank combat-wounded Marines and sailors for their service . " Mayer is calling some of the families who telephoned after they received the packages in error and all will receive a letter of apology . More than 9,000 were sent out , but 1,150 went out to families of the Marines who had died .	Families of fallen Marines received packages meant for injured veterans The parcels offered information about athletic reconditioning Wounded Warrior commander : "  We accept full responsibility for this error " 1,150 packages went to families of Marines who had died
Jackson , Georgia  CNN  -- Troy Davis , whose case drew international attention , was put to death by lethal injection for the 1989 killing of an off-duty police officer in Savannah , Georgia , prison officials announced Wednesday night . Davis was defiant to the very end . After he was strapped to the death gurney , he lifted his head to address the family of the slain officer . He told the family of Mark MacPhail that he was not responsible for the officer 's death and did not have a gun at the time , according to execution witnesses . Davis said the case merited further investigation , talking fast as officials prepared to give him the lethal cocktail . The execution followed the U.S. Supreme Court 's rejection of a stay , allowing the state to proceed . Davis was declared dead at 11:08 p.m. ET . Throughout the day , Davis ' lawyers and high-profile supporters had asked the state and various courts to intervene , arguing he did not murder MacPhail in 1989 . Davis initially had been scheduled to die by lethal injection at 7 p.m. ET . But the proceeding was delayed more than three hours as the justices pondered a plea filed by his attorney . Several hundred people , most of them opposing the proceeding , gathered outside the state prison in Jackson where Davis , 42 , awaited his fate . Others held a vigil in a nearby church . The inmate 's sister , Martina Davis-Correia , was among those who held a vigil outside the prison . Before the U.S. Supreme Court 's decision , she said officials needed to take more time to examine the case . "  When you are looking at someone 's life , you ca n't press rewind . " More than 100 officers , many in riot gear , stood guard over the largely-quiet gathering , which featured candles , occasional prayers and songs . At least three people who crossed the street had been taken away in handcuffs . "  Tonight the state of Georgia legally lynched an innocent man , " Davis ' lawyer Thomas Ruffin Jr. said . "  Tonight I witnessed something tragic . " Davis ' supporters , who also rallied outside the U.S. Supreme Court building , argued that his conviction was based on the testimony of numerous witnesses who had recanted , including a jailhouse informer who claimed Davis had confessed . "  There 's a genuine feeling among people here and across the nation that we 're about to do the unthinkable , " said Isaac Newton Farris Jr. , president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference . But prosecutors have stood by the conviction , and every appeal -- including the last-minute petitions filed Wednesday -- has failed . Davis 's supporters cheered and hugged each other when news of the earlier delay reached them . But it did not sit well with McPhail 's mother , who remained at home . "  This delay again is very upsetting and I think really unfair to us , because we want this situation closed , " the slain officer 's mother , Anneliese MacPhail , told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " earlier in the evening . She said the execution would bring her "  relief and maybe some peace . " Davis ' attorneys started the day by asking a judge in Jackson , where Georgia 's death row is located , to halt the proceeding , citing a new analysis they say shows ballistics testimony at his trial was "  inaccurate and misleading . " They also note that a federal judge found in 2010 that a jailhouse informer 's testimony that Davis confessed to killing MacPhail was "  patently false " and that prosecutors knew a key eyewitness account was wrong . "  Clearly , the fact that Mr. Davis 's death sentence rests in part on ` patently false ' and egregiously inaccurate and misleading testimony , evidence and argument renders the death sentence fundamentally unfair , unreliable and therefore violative of the Eighth and Fourteenth Amendments , " his attorneys argued in a motion filed Wednesday morning . That appeal was denied Wednesday afternoon . The state Supreme Court followed suit a short time later , leading his attorneys to turn to the U.S. Supreme Court in the final hour before the execution . Davis has been scheduled to die three times before , most recently in October 2008 . That time , the U.S. Supreme Court halted the execution two hours before it was scheduled to take place . This time , Davis declined to request the special last meal offered inmates prior to execution and was offered a standard meal tray : Grilled cheeseburgers , oven-browned potatoes , baked beans , coleslaw , cookies and a grape drink . "  He has continued to insist this is not his last meal , " said the Rev. Raphael Warnock , the senior pastor at Atlanta 's Ebenezer Baptist Church . Pope Benedict XVI , South African anti-apartheid leader Desmond Tutu and former President Jimmy Carter said the execution should have been called off . Amnesty International and the NAACP led efforts to exonerate Davis , and U.N. human rights officials joined those calls Wednesday . "  Not only do we urgently appeal to the government of the United States and the state of Georgia to find a way to stop the scheduled execution , but we believe that serious consideration should be given to commuting the sentence , " read a joint statement from the U.N. special rapporteurs on arbitrary executions , judicial independence and torture . But the man who originally prosecuted the case , Spencer Lawton , said those who do not believe there is physical evidence in the case are wrong . "  There are two Troy Davis cases , " Lawton said Tuesday . "  There is the legal case and the public relations case . We have consistently won in court , and consistently lost in the public relations battle . " Since Davis ' 1991 trial , seven of the nine witnesses against him have recanted or contradicted their testimony . The U.S. Supreme Court ordered a district court in Savannah to review his claims of innocence in 2009 , but District Judge William Moore ruled the following year that the evidence did "  not require the reversal of the jury 's judgment . " The parole board rejected a plea for clemency on Tuesday . In Georgia , only the board -- not the governor -- has the right to grant clemency . And a request that Davis be allowed to sit for a polygraph by his attorneys was also rejected by the state Department of Corrections . Davis ' supporters argue he was the victim of a rush to judgment by police seeking justice for the death of one of their own , as well as widespread racial prejudice in the criminal justice system . Warnock noted to CNN that several other inmates have been proven innocent in recent years . Supporters argued that the original witnesses who testified against Davis were fearful of police and spoke under duress . Other witnesses also have since come forward with accounts that call Davis ' conviction into question , according to his supporters . According to prosecutors , Davis was at a pool party in Savannah when he shot a man , Michael Cooper , wounding him in the face . He then went to a nearby convenience store , where he pistol-whipped a homeless man , Larry Young , who 'd just bought a beer , according to accounts of the case . Prosecutors said MacPhail rushed to the scene to help , but wound up being shot three times by Davis . They said Davis shot the officer once in the face as he stood over him . A jury convicted Davis on two counts of aggravated assault and one count each of possessing a firearm during a crime , obstructing a law enforcement officer and murder . The murder charge led to the death sentence . Anneliese MacPhail told CNN earlier this week that she did n't begrudge protesters their opinions . But she said they do n't understand the facts of the case . "  To them the point is the death penalty . Ninety-nine percent have absolutely no idea who Troy Davis is or who Mark MacPhail was , " she said . "  They 're just following their belief . " CNN 's David Mattingly , Vivian Kuo , Bill Mears , Gustavo Valdes and John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	NEW : Inmate tells victim 's family he was not guilty Troy Davis put to death late Wednesday U.S. Supreme Court denied stay of execution The original prosecutor says the facts support Troy Davis ' sentence
CNN  -- President Obama will sign an executive order establishing a presidential commission to investigate the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , an administration official said Monday . Eight U.S. senators called earlier Monday for an independent federal investigation of whether oil giant BP violated civil or criminal laws in connection with the Gulf of Mexico oil spill . It has n't been determined when Obama will make the announcement of the presidential commission or when he 'll sign the executive order , said the official , who did not want to speak on the record ahead of an announcement . "  The commission will take into account the investigations under way concerning the causes of the spill and explore a range of issues , " the official said . In particular , the commission 's inquiry will focus on industry practices , rig safety , regulatory regimes , federal governmental oversight -- including the structure and functions of the Minerals Management Service -- and environmental review and other protections , the official said . Last week , Obama harshly criticized the companies involved in the spill , which threatens to become one of the nation 's worst environmental disasters , and pledged to break up what he called the cozy relationship between regulators and the oil industry . In testimony on Capitol Hill , BP touted its progress toward plugging the spill , but a top Obama administration official said the disaster is far from over . Officials grilled on oil spill "  We are in the middle of this crisis . We are not at the beginning , " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told a Senate committee Monday afternoon . "  We 've been at it a month almost , but we are not near the end as well . " BP has successfully inserted a siphon into the damaged riser pipe from the underwater well at the heart of the spill . The procedure has allowed the company to collect more than 1,000 barrels  42,000 gallons  of oil a day that would otherwise spill into the Gulf , said Doug Suttles , the company 's chief operating officer . That , combined with the use of chemical dispersants to break up the spill , has reduced the amount of oil reaching the surface , he said . "  This -LSB- is -RSB- probably the smallest amount of oil I 've seen on the surface since the effort began , " Suttles said . The well had been spewing an estimated 5,000 barrels a day into the Gulf since late April , when the drill rig Deepwater Horizon blew up and sank about 40 miles off Louisiana . Eleven workers are presumed dead after the sinking , and the cause has not been determined . Some of the oil has washed ashore on the Louisiana coast , and tar balls related to the spill have turned up as far east as Dauphin Island , Alabama . Some estimates put the amount of oil gushing from the well far higher than the 5,000-barrel-per-day estimate made by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration a few days after the spill began . Samples taken by scientists offshore have raised concerns that large plumes of oil are settling below the surface . Samantha Joye , a professor of marine sciences at the University of Georgia , told CNN 's "  American Morning " that the size of the suspected plumes is hard to determine . "  Nothing like it has really ever been seen in the deep water of the Gulf of Mexico before , " she said . "  It 's not only a large feature , but it 's a very complex feature . There 's a lot of vertical structure to it . " But federal officials said the results have not been fully analyzed . Charlie Henry , a scientific adviser from NOAA , said descriptions of "  layers of oil " beneath the Gulf were "  totally untrue . " "  They were able to detect what we think is hydrocarbons in the water column . It was stated as oil , but it was n't like oil you could see , " Henry told reporters Monday afternoon . The researchers were looking into the effects of the undersea dispersants used to break up the oil near the mouth of the well , nearly a mile beneath the surface , NOAA administrator Jane Lubchenco said in a statement issued Monday . But Lubchenco said the agency does not consider dispersants -- which have their own hazards -- "  a silver bullet . " "  They are used to move us towards the lesser of two environmental outcomes . Until the flow of oil is stemmed , we must take every responsible action to reduce the impact of the oil , " she said . Suttles said the next step in capping the well is a "  top kill " procedure , in which a large amount of heavy "  mud " -- a fluid used as a lubricant and counterweight in drilling operations -- is inserted into the well bore . If that succeeds , the well will be cemented shut , he said . "  That is the method we think we will be deploying later this week or this weekend , " Suttles said . Another option -- putting debris in the well to stop the flow -- may also be utilized , he said . And once the leak is sealed , "  We intend to fill up the bottom of this well with cement and it will never be produced . " BP , as the well 's owner , is responsible for stopping the underwater gusher and paying for the cleanup , and Napolitano said the company has paid more than $ 9.6 million so far without denying a claim . BP America CEO Lamar McKay , who appeared with Napolitano before the Homeland Security Committee , said the company was concentrating on plugging the leak and limiting the economic damage . "  We will put blame , liability , and those kind of things over to the side . That 's not our concern right now , " he said . Large oil plumes may pose additional threat The April 20 explosion aboard Deepwater Horizon has left BP , rig owner-operator Transocean and oilfield services contractor Halliburton pointing fingers at each other over the cause of the blast . The doomed rig 's chief electronics technician told the CBS news program "  60 Minutes " on Sunday that Transocean was being pushed to complete the well quickly because it was taking longer than expected -- an allegation Suttles would not discuss during an appearance on "  American Morning . " "  I know people are talking about various things that occurred that night on the rig , but I actually have n't seen any of the results of these interviews or investigations ... I do n't actually have any knowledge that that was the case , " he said . A top official of the Interior Department agency that oversees offshore drilling is retiring a month earlier than planned . Chris Oynes told his bosses after the Deepwater Horizon explosion that he would retire at the end of June , an administration official told CNN , but announced Monday that he would step down at the end of May instead . Oynes has been associate director of the Minerals Management Service 's Offshore Minerals Management Program since 2007 . In the past , critics have accused MMS of being too cozy with the industries it regulates . A 2008 report from the Interior Department 's inspector-general found MMS employees received improper gifts from energy industry representatives and engaged in illegal drug use and inappropriate sexual relations with them . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar last week announced he would split MMS into separate divisions -- one for regulating offshore oil drilling and the other for collecting royalties from oil companies . Salazar is scheduled to appear before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee on Tuesday , while Elizabeth Birnbaum , the current MMS director , will appear before the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee . CNN 's David Mattingly and Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report .	8 senators want to know if oil giant violated laws in connection with Gulf spill On Capitol Hill , BP touts its progress toward plugging the spill Researchers say oil could be lurking below Gulf surface in huge "  plumes "
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A few months ago , it seemed liked nothing could stop Iraqi sprinter Dana Hussain from representing her country in the upcoming Summer Olympics . Iraqi sprinter Dana Hussain was devastated to learn she could not participate in the Beijing Summer Olympics . Then , the International Olympic Committee banned Iraq from competing because of what it says is the government 's political interference in sports . Hussain cried for hours after hearing the news , which arrived in the form of a letter to Iraqi officials . "  She has n't stopped . It 's like finding out that a close relative has died , " said her coach , Yousif Abdul Rahman . Abdul Rahman attempted to console Hussain by assuring her that she could compete in the 2012 Olympics . Watch Hussain react to the news " "  In this horrible situation , " she said , "  who can say I 'll even be alive in 2012 ? " CNN received a copy of the letter sent to Jassim Mohammed Jaffer , Iraqi minister of youth and sports , and Ali Mohsen Ismail , acting secretary general of the Iraqi general secretariat of the Council of Ministers . "  We deeply regret this outcome , which severely harms the Iraqi Olympic and Sports Movement and the Iraqi athletes , but which is unfortunately imposed by the circumstances , " said the letter , signed by two IOC officials . Watch an official explain the decision " The move stems from an Iraqi government decision in May to suspend the nation 's Olympic Committee and form a temporary committee to handle its duties . The Iraqi government thought the committee had not been operating properly and as a result undermined the sporting movement there . The government said the original committee held meetings without quorums and had officials serving in one-year posts for more than five years . Many of the officials also lived outside Iraq , the government said . iReport.com : See a cartoonist 's take on the decision Emmanuelle Moreau , a spokeswoman for the International Olympic Committee , said it suspended Iraq 's national Olympic Committee in June after the government removed elected officials and put in people the IOC did n't recognize . She said the IOC proposed to the Iraqi government that officials come to the organization 's headquarters in Lausanne , Switzerland , "  to discuss possible solutions . " But she said they did n't respond . "  We 're extremely disappointed with the situation . The athletes have been ill-served by the government in Iraq , " she said . Moreau said Iraq missed a Wednesday deadline for the entry of athletes to compete in archery , judo , rowing and weightlifting . Watch a historian discuss the Olympics in Iraq under Saddam Hussein " She said there is a chance that track and field athletes could compete if the original committee is reinstated . The deadline for the track team to register is at the end of the month . The Games begin August 8 . A former official from the disbanded Iraq Olympic Committee said the IOC 's decision was justified because the government interfered with the national committee by suspending it . The former official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the subject . He said he believed that the government suspended the committee out of "  jealousy . " The national committee was making great strides , and the government , namely the Ministry of Youth and Sports , wanted control of it , he said . The seven Iraqi athletes who were to travel to China for the Games ' start in August are disappointed by the decision , officials said . They include an archer , a weightlifter , a judoka , two rowers and two sprinters , one of whom is Dana Hussain . Her coach called the decision unfair and said he blames "  everyone " : the Iraqi government and the Iraqi and International Olympic committees . In the end , Abdul Rahman said , the athletes are paying the price . "  It 's a shame after all the efforts , ambitions , risks and dangers , " he said . "  I wish from the bottom of my heart they would reconsider this unjust decision for the sake of the athletes . " CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : Iraqi government interference in Olympic committee attributed to "  jealousy " International Olympic Committee accuses Iraqi government of interference in sports Iraqi government suspended nation 's Olympic Committee in May Seven Iraqi athletes were to compete in Beijing , China
San Salvador , El Salvador  CNN  -- The remnants of Tropical Storm Agatha were headed into the Caribbean Sea late Sunday after leaving behind more than 80 dead in Guatemala and El Salvador , authorities in those countries reported . Most of the dead were in Guatemala , where heavy rains triggered mudslides that collapsed homes and forced thousands to evacuate . The country 's preliminary death toll was 73 on Sunday , with 49 of those reported in the province of Chimaltenango , said David de Leon , Spokesperson for the National Commission for the Reduction of National Disasters . That toll was expected to rise , he said . And El Salvador reported nine deaths from the storm . The government issued a red alert , the highest warning level , which shut down schools and opened up shelters for families in the affected areas , President Mauricio Funes said . Agatha , an Eastern Pacific storm , struck land Saturday and was downgraded from a tropical depression to a remnant storm on Sunday . It was last reported moving toward the western Caribbean on Sunday afternoon , but was expected to keep producing heavy rains through Monday , according to the U.S. National Hurricane Center . In Guatemala , the storm damaged more than 3,500 homes and forced the evacuation of more than 61,000 people , the nation 's emergency office said Sunday . And in Mexico , the government 's National Meteorological Service predicted torrential rain for Chiapas state , intense downpours in Tabasco and strong showers in Quintana Roo . Four other Mexican states were predicted to receive moderate rain . Strong winds also were forecast . Swollen rivers and mudslides were a concern . In Guatemala , four children were buried in a landslide outside Guatemala City , the nation 's capital . Four adults were killed in the capital , disaster officials said . Another two children and two adults were killed when a boulder , dislodged by heavy rains , crushed a house in the department of Quetzaltenango , 125 miles  200 km  west of Guatemala City , officials said . Guatemala is already under a 15-day state of calamity because of Thursday 's eruption of the Pacaya volcano , which killed at least three people . At least 1,800 people had already been evacuated to shelters . The volcano also shut down the capital 's international airport . Ash from the volcano that covered city streets and other areas mixed with the heavy rain , forming a goo that caused many drainage systems to clog . Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom said damage from Agatha was probably worse than the destruction caused by Hurricanes Mitch in 1998 and Stan in 2005 , both of which devastated the Central American country . "  The country is suffering a great tragedy , this attack by nature , " Colom said from the Guatemalan emergency agency center . Emergencies were reported in all of Guatemala 's 22 states , called departments . The worst , Colom said , was the Pacific Ocean port of Champerico , which is isolated . "  We have no way of getting there to help the public , which is in danger because of flooding , " Colom said . The president said he has asked the international community for help . Agatha is the first named storm of the Pacific hurricane season . The Atlantic hurricane season starts June 1 . CNN 's Esprit Smith and journalist Merlin Rodriguez contributed to this report .	Guatemala counts 73 dead in wake of Tropical Storm Agatha Nine dead in El Salvador Agatha struck on Saturday , by Sunday was a remnant storm In Guatemala , more than 3,500 homes damaged , 61,000 people evacuated
CNN  -- Apple fans -- including co-founder Steve Wozniak -- lined up on Friday morning for a chance to buy the iPhone 4S , the latest in the company 's line of "  Jesus Phones , " which includes many under-the-hood improvements . The lines , which drew thousands , were part exercises in tech commercialism and part homages to Steve Jobs , Apple 's other co-founder , who died last week following a battle with pancreatic cancer . In New York , Apple fans created a makeshift memorial to Jobs that included flowers , photos , iPad boxes and apples  as in the fruit  . And in Atlanta , some people said they were lining up for the phone in part because of Jobs . "  I wanted it anyway , but  Jobs ' death  made me sort of want it more because this is the last one I know he worked on , " Dwight Hill , from an Atlanta suburb , said of his decision to buy the phone . "  I just hope the company keeps going in the same direction . " About 200 people had lined up in the wee hours of the morning in New York to buy the new phone , which has a faster processor and a "  digital assistant " that responds to voice commands and talks back to phone owners , answering their questions . Long lines also formed in Asia and Europe as people waited for the phone . In Silicon Valley , California , Wozniak , the Apple co-founder who , along with Jobs , helped create the world 's first truly personal computer , sat in an armchair at the front of a line that began forming Thursday afternoon . He tapped on his iPad , sipped Diet Dr. Pepper and took photos with fans while he awaited the phone 's release . "  I want to get mine along with the millions of other fans , " Wozniak said . "  I just want to be able to talk to my phone . " The iPhone 4S initially was panned by critics , who said it was more of a facelift to the iPhone 4 than a new product . The phone 's exterior looks the same as its predecessor , but the guts are new . Inside there 's a faster A5 dual-core processor , an improved 8 megapixel camera and a voice assistant named Siri , who will respond to voice commands and answer questions . When Brian X. Chen , a tech writer at Wired , tested the phone , he found Siri to be quite the helpful -- and hilarious -- assistant . He published a series of his conversations with Siri . "  Me : ` I 'm drunk , ' " he wrote . "  Siri : ' I found a number of cabs fairly close to you . '  Perfect ; it did n't dial my ex-girlfriend .  " Aside from Jobs , Siri seemed to be one of the main draws for people waiting in line for the iPhone 4S . "  I just want the personal assistant , " said Teresa Sparks , 41 , an Atlanta nurse who had been waiting in line for the phone since 4:45 a.m. Scott England , who also waited in an Atlanta line for the phone , teased a friend of his who said he was buying the iPhone 4S because of the camera . Clearly , he said , "  Siri is a big deal , " not the camera . "  He 's got a secretary -- I do n't , " he joked . Becky Waddell , a 33-year-old real-estate agent , also praised Apple 's new digital assistant , which is only available on the iPhone 4S , and which has been compared to HAL 9000 , Skynet and other fictional computer overlords . "  I love Siri , " she said . "  We played with it in the store . I know for sure it will make me a safer driver . I do n't have to scramble through my phone while I 'm driving . If I can talk to it and get answers , it 's going to cut out so much time for me . " Plenty of excitement seemed to surround the phone 's release . In true Apple-head fashion , two Apple fans in New York said they arrived at the flagship Apple Store 18 days before Friday , and blogged about the experience on a site called iPhoneWhatever , CNNMoney reports . Another person arrived at that store on crutches . "  I got hit by a car and had surgery a few weeks ago . There 's tons of metal plates in my foot -- it shattered , " David Betz , a 26-year-old bartender , told CNNMoney . "  Is it worth it ? We 'll find out . " Apple CEO Tim Cook helped unveil the 4S last week a day before Jobs ' death . Pre-orders of the phone started on October 7 and beat expectations . Apple sold 1 million of the phones in the first 24 hours via its website and carriers AT&T , Verizon and -- for the first time -- Sprint . By comparison , Apple reported 600,000 iPhone 4 pre-orders last year in 24 hours , but that included orders placed with overseas carriers . The iPhone 4S went on sale Friday at all 245 Apple stores in the U.S. , in addition to the following countries : Australia , Canada , France , Germany , Japan and the United Kingdom . The new iPhone will be available in 22 additional countries by the end of October , Apple says . Apple stores and other retailers opened at 8 a.m. Friday . Online orders can be made at Apple 's online store as well as on AT&T , Verizon and Sprint 's websites . If you were hoping to pre-order now and pick up the phone Friday , you 're out of luck . Pre-orders at AT&T , Sprint and Verizon are sold out , and phones ordered through Apple 's website may not be delivered for several weeks . All of those brick-and-mortar retail stores also will carry the phone , along with select Apple-approved retailers : Radio Shack , Best Buy , Target and Sam 's Club .  Word of warning : Check availability before lining up at one of those third-party sellers . Inventory is limited , and some will be filling pre-orders before selling whatever stock may remain . Customers who buy the phone at an Apple retail store will be offered free in-store setup service , personalized instruction on how to set up e-mail and download apps . The phone sells for $ 199 for 16GB of storage , $ 299 for 32GB and $ 399 for 64GB , marking the first time an iPhone has had that much memory . It also seems impossible to separate interest in the iPhone 4S with news of Jobs ' death last week . Among the legions of Apple 's diehard fans , some have taken saying the "  4S " in the phone 's name represents the words "  For Steve . " Although it 's virtually impossible that the company would have done that on purpose  the phone 's development happened largely when Jobs was still CEO  it speaks both to the long reach of Jobs ' legacy and the cult-like devotion that some Apple loyalists feel toward the company and its products . CNN 's Mark Milian and Umika Pidaparthy and CNNMoney contributed to this report .	Apple 's iPhone 4S goes on sale at 8 a.m. Friday in each time zone Pre-orders have broken an Apple record , with 1 million in first 24 hours Phone features faster processor , better camera , "  personal assistant " Siri Friday is first iPhone release since death of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs
CNN  -- Remote and wild , the windswept island of Newfoundland off Canada 's Atlantic Coast offers Viking history , stunning rocky landscapes and warm , welcoming locals . iReporter Margaret Zubert , from Sudbury in the Canadian province of Ontario , recently traveled to Newfoundland as part of a travel quest . "  My goal is to visit all the Canadian provinces on the premise that even though I love to travel to other countries , I should also know my own country too . So , after the Newfoundland trip , I only have one more province to go ! " she said . The large island , which is part of Canada 's easternmost province , Newfoundland and Labrador , even has its own time zone -- a half-hour ahead of neighbors to the west . Zubert , 63 , made the trip to Newfoundland with her sister-in-law , Sylvia . They two took a 12-day bus tour from Deer Lake in the northwest , along the Northern Peninsula and then south along the east coast to St. John 's . The tour was operated by McCarthy 's Party , a local company . "  Our tour escort was a retired school principal who was just a fountain of information about the history , the people and the culture of the province , " Zubert said . Zubert answered the following questions about her trip : Favorite spots That is a tough one to answer since we visited so many wonderful places . I 'll give two places : St. John 's , the capital city , because it 's so different from most North American cities , and Conche , a small fishing village on the Northern Peninsula , which has the most fabulous tapestry I 've seen outside of Europe . Do n't - miss experience Do n't miss the chance to hear the locals perform ! At almost every stop , local fiddlers and singers performed their own music . At times , it was toe-tapping dances or sea shanties ; at other times , sad ballads that brought a tear to the eye . Share your travel experiences on iReport.com : Just back from First impression I was amazed by how rugged the landscape was and how close the sea was to every community . It 's obvious that this harsh environment has helped to shape a tough and resilient people . Lasting memory I will always remember the friendliness of the people . They were courteous yet funny , helpful but proud . Three adjectives that capture this place Scenic , rugged , resilient Biggest surprise The amazing history -- from Vikings , to explorers , to current-day oil rigs off the coast . Most delicious food , drink or place to eat Maybe not most delicious , but most notable is the local rum , Screech . If you go to Newfoundland , you have to be Screeched in ! Most meals featured fish , and the featured fish there is cod . We had wonderful fish chowders and fish cakes . Atlantic salmon was also very good . Check out Zubert 's photos above for more on the places she visited . Have you been on a trip recently ? Share your story at Just back from on iReport.com .	Newfoundland is a large island off Canada 's Atlantic Coast It is part of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada 's easternmost province Friendly people , local music and rugged scenery impressed iReporter Margaret Zubert
Los Angeles  CNN  Here is a look at some of the strongest potential contenders to replace California Sen. Barbara Boxer , who announced this week that she will not run for re-election in 2016 . Boxer and Sen. Dianne Feinstein have held the state 's two Senate seats for more than two decades , setting up a potentially wild scramble for Boxer 's seat . California 's Republican Party has been decimated in recent years -- with no obvious GOP candidate emerging . But the state 's top-two primary system could well lead to a Democrat vs. Democrat runoff in November of 2016 . KAMALA HARRIS Kamala Harris , a former San Francisco District Attorney , replaced then-Attorney Gen. Jerry Brown in 2010 , filling a job that is one of the best stepping stones to higher office in this state . In that post , she continued her longtime focus on reducing recidivism and truancy , and won accolades for vigorously pursuing banks accused of foreclosing properties on homeowners without following procedures . At the same time , critics have said she has been too cautious in taking positions on controversial issues like the legalization of marijuana . The daughter of a Jamaican-American father and an Indian-American mother , Harris has gained national notice and enjoyed a strong friendship with President Barack Obama , who could help her raise money for a bid . At a 2013 fundraiser , Obama called her "  brilliant , " "  dedicated " and "  tough " before joking that she was "  by far the best-looking attorney general in the country . "  He later apologized , and she expressed her strong support for him through a spokesman  . Barbara Boxer 's retirement sets off wild scramble During her six years as San Francisco 's district attorney , Harris faced criticism because of her opposition to capital punishment . She infuriated many police officers when she refused to pursue the death penalty in 2004 for the suspect who gunned down Officer Isaac Espinoza with an AK-47 . But when she ran for attorney general , she said she would enforce the state 's law . She followed through last year when she announced that she would challenge a federal judge 's decision declaring California 's death penalty unconstitutional . GAVIN NEWSOM Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom is best known for touching off a national firestorm in 2004 by issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples as mayor of San Francisco . Denying gay men and women that right , he told CNN in 2004 , was "  wrong and inconsistent with the values this country holds dear . " He added that he was willing to end his political career over the issue . Instead , the decision helped him develop a strong fundraising base among advocates of LGBT rights in California . Newsom is now serving his second term as lieutenant governor -- an office with limited powers that has made it more difficult for him to directly influence policy . But as a member of the UC Board of Regents , he has tried to block tuition hikes and develop proposals to improve higher education -- endearing him to the younger generation of Californians . He has also outlined his agenda to reinvigorate the state 's manufacturing base and enhance the work force , as well as ideas to reduce homelessness , which he tackled as San Francisco 's mayor . When he left that office in 2010 , Newsom claimed he had reduced the level of homelessness in San Francisco by 40 % over his tenure , by moving many of them into supportive housing . Newsom proposed an interagency council on the homeless to Gov. Jerry Brown after taking his No. 2 post , but got nowhere . Pelosi on Boxer retirement : ` What ? ' Newsom and Brown have had a notably frosty relationship over the years . When Newsom briefly ran for governor in 2009 , he told Democratic delegates at a state convention that he represented the party 's future and compared a vote for Brown  who had not yet announced  to a "  stroll down memory lane . " With Brown in the wings , Newsom struggled to raise money and withdrew from the race . ANTONIO VILLARAIGOSA Villaraigosa 's long career in the public eye has included stints as a union organizer , speaker of the California Assembly and most recently mayor of Los Angeles between 2005 and 2013 . His deep roots within Southern California 's Latino community boosted his margins in each of his campaigns , and would give him a notable edge in a statewide race . He was a controversial figure as a mayor -- often criticized for having big ambitions and limited follow through . But he presided over a drop in violent crime and major initiatives to make the city more energy-efficient . Most notably , he doggedly pursued funding to improve Los Angeles ' woefully incomplete public transit system . He championed a 2008 voter initiative for a half-cent sales tax increase over 30 years that accelerated funding for expanding rail networks around Los Angeles County , as well as LA 's long-awaited "  Subway to the Sea . "  For now , that line wo n't actually make it all the way to the ocean , but construction recently began on the extension that will run to Westwood by 2035  . Ironically , the battles that Villaraigosa took on during his time as mayor might endear him to some independent voters in California , but have complicated his relationship with labor groups  whose financial support and manpower can not be underestimated in an expensive statewide race  . Though Villaraigosa was once an organizer for the United Teachers of Los Angeles , he engaged in a bitter battle with the teachers ' union as he tried unsuccessfully to assert control over the troubled L.A. Unified School District . His relationship with city employee unions also suffered during the city 's financial crisis after the recession when he tangled with city workers over raises , layoffs and what he viewed as much-needed pension reforms . TOM STEYER Tom Steyer , the billionaire investor who spent more than $ 74 million -- much of it his own money -- during the 2014 midterms to try to make climate change a key issue , is one of the few potential contenders who could fund his own bid for Boxer 's Senate seat . Forbes has estimated the net worth of the former hedge fund manager at $ 1.6 billion . He and his wife , Kat , have pledged to give away the bulk of their fortune to philanthropic and public interest causes . Steyer 's enormous investment in the midterms through his Nextgen Climate Action Committee had little demonstrable success in what turned out to be a Republican wave in November . But the Democratic activist has dismissed the notion that Republican gains last year would discourage him from future political endeavors . He told the Los Angeles Times after the election that he felt "  great " about what his organization had been able to do . "  We set out to put climate on the ballot in a bunch of states , to build an organization and to build a relationship with a bunch of voters , " Steyer said . He has said he is committed to advancing his agenda over several election cycles . While Steyer may be weighing a run for Boxer 's seat , he is also intrigued by the possibility of running for governor when Brown leaves office in 2018 .	Several key Democrats could enter race with a strong fundraising advantage With thin GOP field , California could see runoff between two Democrats Billionaire Tom Steyer could scramble race with ability to self-fund
London  CNN  -- Seven athletes from Cameroon 's delegation to the London Olympics have gone missing , the country 's head of mission said Tuesday . The missing athletes include five male boxers , a female footballer and a male swimmer , Paul Ekane Edingue , said David Ojong , Cameroon 's head of mission to London 2012 . Ojong said the missing boxers , named as Thomas Essomba , Christian Donfack Adjoufack , Yhyacinthe Abdon Mewoli , Serge Ambomo and Blaise Yepmou Mendouo , had not been seen since Monday . Footballer Drusille Ngako , who was one of the team 's reserve players , went missing on July 26 , he said . The Cameroonian delegation approached the London Games organizers , LOCOG , and the High Commission of Cameroon in London as soon as they became aware of the missing athletes , Ojong said . Nothing has been heard from the athletes since they went missing , he said , but their compatriots "  hope and believe " the athletes will rejoin the group before they return to Cameroon . UK authorities say athletes visiting the United Kingdom for the Games are free to come and go as they please from the Olympic village , where visiting delegations are housed . Athletes and team officials have been allowed to seek permission to enter and remain in the United Kingdom without a visa from March 30 to November 8 . Their right to be in the country ends on November 8 . The UK Home Office , which is responsible for border security , declined to comment on the missing athletes . The director of protocol at the Cameroonian Ministry for External Relations in Yaounde also declined to comment . Cameroon , a west African nation of more than 20 million people , sent more than 30 athletes to the London Games but has yet to win a medal . It is not clear whether the missing athletes plan to seek asylum in the United Kingdom . CNN 's Jo Shelley and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Seven athletes from Cameroon have gone missing , their team chief says The athletes include five boxers , a woman footballer and a male swimmer , he says The athletes have the right to remain in the United Kingdom until early November It is not yet clear whether they intend to try to seek asylum in the United Kingdom
Archaeologists working alongside builders on a new London rail link have turned up a grisly find that harks back seven centuries , to a time when Black Death stalked the medieval city . A shaft sunk for the underpinnings of the new Crossrail link in Farringdon revealed 13 skeletons , lined up neatly in two rows , the company said Friday . Suspicions are that the dig has revealed a "  plague pit " -- one of many mass graves used to dispose of the bodies of those who succumbed to the Black Death , or bubonic plague , in the 14th century . Since then , the bones have lain undisturbed just 2.5 meters  8 feet  below the surface in one of the few areas of the central London neighborhood not to have been developed over the years . Historical records talk of a "  no man 's land " established in 1348 in the Farringdon area , where some 50,000 plague victims were buried , according to a contemporary historian . Up to now the area has never been found . The shaft sunk as part of Crossrail 's construction is located on the edge of Charterhouse Square in Farringdon , formerly the site of a monastery . Crossrail 's lead archaeologist , Jay Carver , quoted in a company media release , said it was "  a highly significant discovery , " and one that left many questions still to answer . "  We will be undertaking scientific tests on the skeletons over the coming months to establish their cause of death , whether they were plague victims from the 14th century or later London residents , how old they were and perhaps evidence of who they were , " he said . Body found under parking lot is King Richard III , scientists confirm "  However , at this early stage , the depth of burials , the pottery found with the skeletons and the way the skeletons have been set out , all point towards this being part of the 14th century emergency burial ground . " The pottery found with the skeletons dates to before 1350 , the archaeologists said . The skeletons are being excavated and taken to the Museum of London Archeology for further testing . Scientists hope to extract a DNA profile that could be used to study the development of plague since then . However , there is no risk to people 's health now because the plague bacteria can not survive long in the soil , Crossrail says . Eventually , the shaft will be sunk 20 meters deep to support the Crossrail tunneling works . The archaeologists may turn up other unexpected finds as they dig back through soil packed down over centuries . The Yersinia pestis bacterium that is behind the plague is found mainly in rodents , particularly rats , and in the fleas that feed on them , the U.S. National Institutes of Health website says . Each year , roughly 10 to 20 people in the United States develop plague from flea or rodent bites , mostly from infected prairie dogs in rural southwestern areas , the NIH says . About one in seven of those infected dies . No person-to-person transmission has been recorded in the past 90 years . In the 1300s , the Black Death killed an estimated 20 million to 30 million people in Europe , the NIH says . Another 12 million fell victim to the scourge in China in the mid-19th century , and smaller outbreaks have occurred elsewhere . Once completed , the Crossrail route will run 73 miles from east to west across London , improving access to Heathrow Airport , central London and towns to the east . Central London services could start as soon as 2018 . Opinion : After Richard III , can we find Genghis Khan ? According to the company , it is currently running the country 's largest archaeology program . Other finds turned up in the course of excavations for the rail route include bones from prehistoric animals , Bronze Age and Roman tools , and the largest piece of amber ever uncovered in Britain . Archaeologists also found a former cemetery in excavations near Liverpool Street , where 300 skeletons were found . Those are thought to have been buried between 1500 and 1700 . More space and science news on CNN 's Light Years blog	Archaeologists working for London 's Crossrail project find 13 skeletons in 2 neat rows They are thought to have been buried in the mid-14th century amid a plague outbreak The area excavated in central London has lain undisturbed for centuries Plague bacteria are still carried by some rodents and the fleas that live on them
CNN  -- Ryan Giggs is venturing where few footballers have gone before . On Friday the Welshman turned 40 , marking the start of a new chapter of a career which has seen him achieve unprecedented success with Manchester United . Twenty two years , eight months and 27 days on from his debut for the Old Trafford club , Giggs is officially the most decorated player in English football history . The explosive winger turned midfield playmaker has won 13 Premier League titles , four FA Cups , four League Cups and two Champions League titles , not to mention numerous personal accolades . Whle most middle aged men are worrying about their waistlines , Giggs seemingly remains impervious to the ravages of time . So just what is his secret ? According to the man himself -- yoga "  You can feel it working and you can feel the benefits straight away , " he was quoted as telling the Manchester Evening News . "  My body feels so much better having done the yoga . "  I still get the odd hamstring strain , which you are going to get playing football , but it was n't about curing the problem , but making it less frequent . I wish I had done it from the start of my career . " At an age where most players have long since hung up their boots , 8308 days on from his first United appearance as a substitute in a 2-0 defeat by Everton , Giggs is demonstrating rare longevity . "  Ryan is obviously a different player now compared to when he broke through as a 17-year-old winger , " Henning Berg , who played alongside Giggs at United between 1997 and 2000 , told the club 's official website . "  But that says a lot about how football has developed in terms of sports science to make sure that players still have enough power and energy to play the physical part of the game . " Even accounting for advances in sports science , Giggs ' ability to remain effective at the top level as he enters his fifth decade is still exceptional . Italian defensive stalwart Paolo Maldini , a picture of durability and the rock of a successful AC Milan defense for 24 years , called time on his own glittering career at Giggs ' age . Brazilian striker Romario retired in 2008 aged 42 , before making a one-game comeback in 2009 , saying he was unable to regulate his body weight while not playing regularly . It is Giggs ' ability to remain in peak physical condition which sets him apart from other aged soccer stars . Few players could have controlled a top-level match the way Giggs did this week , orchestrating United 's 5-0 demolition of Bayer Leverkusen in a Champions League group match . United manager David Moyes , who took over from Ferguson at Old Trafford , is still a keen admirer of Giggs ' talents . The Scot highlighted Giggs as the perfect role model for any young player looking for a long , successful career in the sport . "  People mention his age but all you should mention is his football ability , " Moyes , who has appointed Giggs as a player/coach , told a press conference . "  He 's an unbelievable footballer . All round he is a wonderful player and I am really fortunate to be working with him . "  Ryan will tell us when he has had enough , or when he thinks his time is up , " the former Everton manager added . "  He keeps training day in day out and his performances since I came to the club in the summer have been excellent . "  I think , when you get to Ryan 's age , it 's best to make decisions at the end of the season . It 's how you feel , how you 've done over the year and what your body is telling you . "  There 's no quick decisions on that one . He 's on the staff now , so we can always use him at any time ! " Giggs also credits his continued influence and fitness to spending his entire career at one club , avoiding the upheaval which can accompany numerous transfers . "  If I 'd moved from club to club I 'd be finished by now , " Giggs said after his virtuoso performance in Leverkusen . "  I 'm lucky that I have been at one club , where I am surrounded by good players . I also have a good manager . "  I look after myself and try to train every day in order to make myself available for selection . "  I enjoy it as much as I can and , of course , try to contribute to the team . " For much of his time at United Giggs was part of a group of homegrown players affectionately known as the "  Class of 92 " -- referring to the year United won the FA Youth Cup . Giggs , David Beckham , Paul Scholes , Nicky Butt and Gary and Phil Neville all broke into the first team together and went on to achieve era-defining success under the tutelage of legendary United manager Alex Ferguson , who retired last season after 26 years at the helm . In his recently-released book Ferguson refers to Giggs as the leader of the group , who are celebrated in the forthcoming documentary "  Class of ' 92 . " "  He was the King , the man , " says Ferguson when referring to his longest serving players . On Sunday Giggs could make his 954th appearance for United in its match against Tottenham Hotspur . At 40 , he is four years older than Tottenham manager Andre Villas-Boas , a statistic which puts Giggs ' incredible staying power into perspective .	Manchester United midfielder Ryan Giggs celebrates 40th birthday on Friday The Welshman made his United debut in 1991 Giggs is the most decorated player in English football history He has won 13 Premier League titles and the European Cup twice
CNN  -- Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola has hailed Manchester United as "  extraordinary " after Alex Ferguson 's side all but secured the English Premier League title with a 2-1 victory over nearest challengers Chelsea on Sunday . Guardiola , whose Barca side will face United in the Champions League final at Wembley on May 28 , told reporters : "  They have a great team , extraordinary players . " Guardiola , who was at Old Trafford to see United beat German side Schalke 4-1 in the second leg of their Champions League semifinal last week , added : "  They played a Champions League semifinal with a team full of reserves and they won 4-1 -- that says everything you need to know about the quality they have . " Following Sunday 's victory over Chelsea , United now need just one point from their remaining two games against Blackburn and Blackpool to claim the Premier League title and overtake Liverpool 's overall record of 18 league wins , a figure they currently share with their north-west rivals . Meanwhile , Guardiola , said his attention is primarily focused on his side claiming the Spanish La Liga title at Levante on Wednesday , ahead of their meeting with United later this month . And Barca midfielder Xavi Hernandez added : "  We 're almost there and we want to win it as soon as possible so we can have our heads focused on Wembley . " Captain Carles Puyol , who has been out of action for several weeks with a knee injury , is expected to be fit enough to face United at Wembley . "  He was out for three months and the doctors decided he was n't in shape to play , but he is building up his fitness and will feature more in the next few games , " Guardiola added . Barcelona inched towards claiming a third consecutive title after beating city rivals Espanyol 2-0 at the Nou Camp on Sunday , with goals from Andres Iniesta and Gerard Pique .	Pep Guardiola calls Manchester United "  extraordinary " after their 2-1 win over Chelsea Guardiola 's Barcelona side will face United in the Champions League final at Wembley United need just one point from two games to claim their 19th league title
CNN  -- A 12-year-old girl died Tuesday after falling into floodwaters near Flagstaff , Arizona , authorities said . Shaelyn Wilson had gone to see runoff from a flash flood around 2 p.m. , according to the Coconino Sheriff 's Department . A younger sister ran back to tell the father that Shaelyn had fallen into a wash . The family searched the area near where the girl fell and several agencies also took part in the search , according to Kelli Most , administrative specialist with the sheriff 's department . The girl was found about a third of a mile from where she went into the water , and her father performed CPR until paramedics arrived . She was pronounced dead at Flagstaff Medical Center . A massive wildfire last month made the area susceptible to flooding , said Most . "  There 's just no greenery there " to prevent runoff , she said . The blaze charred 15,000 acres . Several small streams pushed over their banks , and flash floods were threatening homes , according to CNN affiliate KPHO .	Girl , 12 , dies in flooding near Flagstaff , Arizona Her younger sister ran to get help The area lost vegetation in a recent large fire
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama had a clear message in interviews with two of America 's largest Spanish-language broadcast television networks on Wednesday : Immigration reform is coming soon . A group of lawmakers are close to working out the details of their proposal , Obama said . "  I 'm actually very optimistic that when they return in early April we will see a bill ready to move through the process , " he told Telemundo . "  The most important thing is that we are seeing a strong compromise to resolve the problem , " he said . "  I 've got my own legislation , I 'm prepared to step in , but I do n't think that 's going to be necessary . " In another interview that aired at the same time on Univision , the president made a similar point . "  My sense is that they are close , " Obama told Univision . "  My expectation is we 'll see a bill on the floor of the Senate next month . " His comments to Telemundo and Univision -- in interviews that were conducted in English and aired in dubbed Spanish -- were part of the president 's latest push to ignite congressional movement on immigration reform . If a bill is introduced next month , Obama told Telemundo he was "  confident we can get it done certainly before the end of the summer . " Last week a source familiar with the immigration reform proposal negotiations said a bipartisan group of eight senators had tentatively agreed to some of the stickiest issues , like a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants and metrics for securing the border . But there was a key issue that had yet to be resolved : how to construct a guest worker program for the future . The senators were haggling over details like how much low-skilled guest workers would be paid , and how many workers would be allowed into the country each year , the source said . According to the source , the eight senators -- four Democrats and four Republicans , who released the framework for their plan in January -- were confident last week that they would be ready to unveil the highly anticipated immigration bill early in the week of April 8 , when Congress returns to work . On Wednesday , Obama told Telemundo he did n't think the debate over guest workers would derail reform efforts . "  I disagree that it 's threatening to doom the legislation . ... I think there is commitment among this group of Democratic and Republican senators to get this done , " he said . The interviews aired hours after the White House announced that Obama would be traveling to Mexico and Costa Rica in May , a topic Obama also touched on . When the reporters from Telemundo and Univision both noted that many Latin American governments do not feel like they 're a priority for the Obama administration , the president described his upcoming trip . "  I 'm really looking forward to the opportunity to visit Mexico . I 'm going to be there in early May , " Obama told Telemundo . "  Sometimes the relationship gets characterized as being just about borders or just about drug cartels . There is so much more in terms of commerce , trade and energy . " CNN 's Elwyn Lopez , Joe Sutton and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	President Obama speaks with Univision and Telemundo He tells both networks he expects an immigration bill on the Senate floor next month A debate over guest workers wo n't derail reform efforts , Obama says The president also discusses his upcoming trip to Mexico and Costa Rica
CNN  -- "  The Duke " knows within a split second if something is awry . The trouble is , he only has two further seconds to put it right . Such are the fine margins in Orlando Duque 's chosen discipline , cliff diving -- which he lovingly , and understatedly , refers to as "  fun " and "  intense . " The Colombian is a master of his art , with 11 world high-diving titles and two Guinness world records to his name , including one for a "  perfect 10 " dive at the World Championships in 2000 . He had started out in conventional Olympic-style diving , but after growing tired of the pool he turned to the cliffs and an adrenaline-fueled pursuit that can thrill and terrify in equal measure . "  When I jump off , immediately I know if things are going well or not , " the 39-year-old told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I know if I 'm having a problem or something or if I just need to go through the dive and things should be OK . "  You get information immediately and it 's amazing how fast you start processing that and , if needed , trying to make adjustments -- because you can make adjustments in mid-air , but it is just really quick . "  It 's nice . As soon as you jump off , you know if it is OK , we 're good . " Duque is a permanent fixture on the Red Bull Cliff Diving World Series circuit , which this year consists of eight events in glamorous destinations such as Brazil , France , Thailand and Portugal . Participants perform four dives from a 27-meter cliff -- two stipulated , two freestyle -- often reaching speeds of 85 kph with every fall . Every leap is a leap into the unknown ; a crash landing from 27m is the equivalent of a 13m fall onto concrete . But ask Duque for a comparison and he offers an unlikely one . "  When I dive off a cliff , it 's too much fun . I have all the control , I decide to jump and the feeling in the air , it 's just amazing , " he says . "  It 's kind of like how your dog feels when he sticks his head out of the window , he 's just so happy feeling the wind . That 's how we feel . "  When I 'm standing up on top , I 'm worried . I know this is high . It 's going to be some danger involved in the dive but I still want to do it . "  And you 're worried , you have a little bit of fear but then when you 're in the air , you feel the wind in your face . You hear it . It 's really , really intense and then once you 're in the water , it 's like ` Whoa ' . It 's just relief . "  In three seconds you went from being really worried and now you 're in the water and you 're super happy . It just changes really quickly and it 's hard to compare to anything else , you know ? " Duque swapped the football pitch for the pool aged just nine and has never looked back . He made the switch to cliff diving in 1995 and was soon the sport 's dominant force . His first cliff diving world title came in 2000 , the season in which he broke a world record after scoring a perfect 10 from all seven judges for a double back somersault with four twists from 24.4 m in Hawaii . He went on to win an incredible nine world titles , the last coming in 2009 , the first year of Red Bull 's sponsorship . Agonizingly , he lost out to British rival Gary Hunt last year in the very final round of competition . But he did get his own back on an emotional return to the pool in July , winning gold as high diving made its debut at the 2013 FINA World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona , alongside more established disciplines such as swimming , synchro and water polo . It was fitting reward for a pioneer of the sport who has had much to do with its slipstream into the mainstream -- and one which ranks as his proudest achievement . "  It was the first time our sport was there , so being part of that group that was probably the top there , " he says . "  And winning my first cliff diving world championships back in 2000 . It was a great competition . It was of course the first one . That stays in your mind , for sure . " Easing back into the pool environment -- where in Olympic diving competitors leap from heights between 1-10 meters -- is a much easier transition than the move in the other direction . So apart from the obvious , what takes the most adapting to ? "  If you 're going higher than 25 meters the speed is much higher so you have to get used to that first , and the height and the speed of the fall , " Duque says . "  You can not train that too much because the impact of the water is so heavy , the body can not handle it . You have to really trust yourself , trust your skills . Know that you 're going to be able to do it . " Duque can still recall the first time he dipped his toe in the cliff diving water , in Switzerland . "  It was scary , " he explains . "  And it 's because you do n't have that much proper training let 's say up until that point . You kind of have to take the leap . You go up and then you know you can control certain dives and then you 've just got to do it . "  Luckily , I had really good technique , really good preparation . It was in Switzerland in this little river thing and beautiful place but in those moments when you 're like scared , you do n't even realize what 's around you . "  You forget all of that and you just focus on the dive . It was really nice but I can only remember the dive , let 's say . " Duque is currently third in the standings with just one event remaining this season -- inclement weather dealt his championship hopes a blow by forcing the abandonment of the penultimate event in Brazil . It did , however , save Duque 's body the strain of another competition and he admits that even textbook dives tend to hurt in some way shape or form . "  Doing some of the things I 've done , I 've scared myself a few times but it 's more of a natural thing , " he says . "  It 's just my defense mechanism telling me , ` Listen , be careful ' , you know ? You have to be concentrated to do this . "  I 'm fully conscious of what I 'm doing and I know I can do it , it 's just you have that automatic switch in your head that is telling you be careful , you 're not supposed to do this . "  If you make a mistake then deceleration is too quick -- you can have a concussion , you can have a broken coccyx the legs can separate and then you overstretch , separated pelvises -- that 's common injury . "  It could be that you have some internal bleeding if you were to land completely flat . " Duque has seen the sport grow in his near 20-year cliff diving career , and after recognition by FINA at the World Championships , there is one more leap for it to make . "  I 've been around this for over 15 years and every year is getting better in terms of diving , also the sport is growing , " he says . "  We 've just been included in FINA  which governs most water sports  . Hopefully in the future , it will make it to the Olympics . You know , this is a spectacular sport that would add to the Olympics . "	Orlando Duque has won nine cliff diving world championships and two world records Cliff divers can reach speeds of 85 kph when jumping from 27 meter high platforms Known as "  The Duke , " he also won the first high diving gold at FINA World Championships He recorded a perfect 10 score during a cliff diving competition in Hawaii in 2000
CNN  -- Delta Airlines said Tuesday that it did n't bump 50 passengers just to accommodate the travel plans of a nationally ranked college basketball team on Sunday , one of the busiest travel days of the year . A spokesman for the carrier said the plane the 15th-ranked University of Florida Gators were supposed to use had an engine problem , so the carrier put them on another jet out of Gainesville while workers tried to fix the issue . When the problem could n't be solved , Delta booked many of the 50 passengers headed to Atlanta on a later flight . A handful of passengers left on flights Monday , Morgan Durrant said . The story made national sports websites Monday with headlines like "  Delta bumps entire flight to accommodate the Florida basketball team , " but Durrant said the fact that it was a charter flight played no role in the plane swap . Flight schedules weigh heavily on operational decisions , he said . The Gators were due to take off at 3 p.m. , and the commercial flight was scheduled to depart about a half-hour later . ExpressJet , the regional carrier that operated both flights , assured Delta that it would have the problem solved in time , Durrant said . "  We do n't bias toward the chartered side of the business , " Durrant said , pointing out that such flights make up a tiny percentage of Delta 's business . "  All of our customers have somewhere to go . " Earlier , Durant told CNN that none of the 50 passengers had been pulled off their original flight , and they were all offered vouchers toward a future flight . A spokesman for the Gators said they had no idea the planes had been swapped . "  UF was not part of the decision-making process , " Denver Parler said . "  We arrived , boarded and departed as we normally would . " The Gators lost the Monday game , by the way , dropping a last-second 65-64 decision to the Connecticut Huskies . CNN 's Alina Machado , John Couwels , Jill Martin and Meridith Edwards contributed to this report .	Delta say team got new plane because it was supposed to take off first 50 passengers on second flight had to be rebooked when engine problem could n't be fixed Team says it was not involved in the decision to swap planes Florida lost to UConn by one point on Monday
CNN  -- For the generation of Iraqi artists who came of age under Saddam Hussein 's regime in the 1980s , one common subject was the dictator himself , often depicted holding a sword or riding an Arabian horse . Politics aside , those were good days for artists , says Natiq al Alousi , 49 , an Iraqi sculptor who considers his commissioned work of Saddam to be an achievement . "  Working as an artist in Iraq , when Saddam Hussein was president , was a golden period for all artists , not just myself . He was supportive of artists and was open to them , " he says . "  But we were n't open to the world for security reasons , and that 's it . " Receiving small recognition from Saddam was important to him as a budding artist , al Alousi says . As a student he entered a large competition -- one that he did not expect to win -- and Saddam attended the event . Upon viewing his work , "  Saddam Hussein himself told me that the idea was nice , and that 's the only thing I remember from the whole competition , " he says . Read more : Bringing Babylon back from the dead Al Alousi went on to create public sculptures and some that were placed in presidential palaces . Some were made for aesthetics and others to reflect events or issues that the country faced , he says . His memories of the time under Saddam can verge on idyllic . "  There was never a day , for any artist in any form of art , who was forced to work for Saddam Hussein or the country , " he says . "  We were all happily working , and there were competitions that anyone can participate in . " And when Saddam fell in 2003 , so too did al Alousi 's statues . He says it is disheartening to think of art being torn down . Now living in Abu Dhabi , al Alousi still sculpts using various mediums , but there are stumbling blocks . Few people there want to buy large statues , he says , and there is not even a foundry for his bronze works . He has to mail molds more than 1,000 miles away to Egypt , and the bronze rarely survives the return journey intact . In Abu Dhabi , "  the art movement is still yet to begin in the right way . It did start , but it needs more solidarity and extra encouragement from certain entities for it to be mature , " he says . Read more : Rediscovering Iraq 's cultural heart But al Alousi sees these as only minor problems for his art , which he says is the "  purest thing " in his life , a matter of expression , beauty and experimentation . And he says art has nothing to do with politics or religion . As for his associations with the dictator , it only meant he was at the top of his game . "  I do not regret that I once worked for Saddam Hussein , " he said . "  This is history . Only the best artists work for presidents . "	Under Saddam Hussein 's regime , Natiq al Alousi was commissioned to create works depicting the dictator Al Alousi , a sculptor , says artists received much support from Saddam He says working for Saddam was only a "  fact of history " and does not regret it
CNN  -- Fall is time to get serious . School is back in session . The presidential election is just weeks away . Baseball 's pennant race is on . Hollywood turns from popcorn features to Oscar-worthy drama . The same holds true in bookstores , where some of the biggest names in publishing are back on the shelves . With a slew of titles debuting in the weeks ahead , here are four hot reads for serious readers . Michael Chabon , "  Telegraph Avenue " In stores now In "  Telegraph Avenue , " Michael Chabon does for used record stores what he did for comic books in "  The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay . " It 's a sprawling multiracial story set in the Pulitzer-winning novelist 's adopted home of Berkeley , California , along with its gritty neighbor to the south , Oakland . Like "  Kavalier & Clay , " the story follows a pair of friends , Archy Stallings and Nat Jaffe . The two are struggling to hold on to their version of the American dream , an appropriately named used vinyl store , Brokeland Records , located of course on Telegraph Avenue . Complicating their entrepreneurial efforts , an ex-NFL quarterback who happens to be the fifth-richest black man in America announces plans to build an entertainment megastore just down the street . The supporting cast includes a pair of independent-minded midwives , a former blaxploitation star who ca n't let his movie career go , a Black Panther-turned-politician and a funky mix of aging jazz musicians . Chabon throws it all together in a funny and imaginative mix . The author is at the top of his game as his playful language pulses with a beat like the classic jazz and soul music he writes about , riffing on the counterculture and complex racial politics of the East Bay Area . Get the free enhanced e-book sampler of "  Telegraph Avenue " Kevin Powers , "  The Yellow Birds " In stores now Kevin Powers is winning rave reviews for his first novel , "  The Yellow Birds , " a personal and moving story of two young soldiers caught in the crossfire of the war in Iraq . Powers knows his subject firsthand . Before becoming a writer , he served as a U.S. Army machine gunner in some of Iraq 's bloodiest battles in 2004 and 2005 . In the book , two grunt soldiers , Bartle and Murphy , are bound together in basic training after their tough-as-nails sergeant commands Bartle to watch over the younger Murphy . We follow their platoon into battle and see the dangers the soldiers face up close : armed insurgents , excruciating heat and constant stress . In between the haphazard gunbattles and indiscriminate explosions , there are bouts of boredom , all of it taking a mental toll on the men . As reality begins to blur into a hazy nightmare , both soldiers do everything they can to protect each other from a war neither is truly prepared for . "  The Yellow Birds " is written in a poetic style with a near-stream of consciousness feel as the story jumps back and forth in time and from Iraq to the home front . Powers goes beyond the battlefield to show the effects of the war not just on the soldiers but on their families as well . Powers is winning high praise from some well-known authors , and his book drawing lofty comparisons to other battlefield classics from Tim O'Brien and Ernest Hemingway . If you 're looking for one of the first great novels of the Iraq war , this may be it . Read an excerpt from "  The Little Birds " on Facebook Michael Ennis , "  The Malice of Fortune " In stores now Before Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson , Michael Ennis goes 500 years into the past to imagine the unlikely crime-solving duo of Niccolo Machiavelli and Leonardo da Vinci in "  The Malice of Fortune . " Although the story concerns a hunt for a Renaissance serial killer , the book is based on actual historical events . Ennis , a former art history professor , spent 12 years researching and writing the story , bringing multiple layers of authenticity to his epic w novel . It 's a heady mix of "  The Da Vinci Code , " Borgia politics and "  The Silence of the Lambs . " Think of it as CSI : Italy circa 1502 , with Machiavelli as a detective and psychological profiler and da Vinci as history 's first forensic pathologist . Ennis also wins points for perseverance with the book . His first draft was rejected by nearly two dozen publishers . The author then printed his own galleys , showed them to independent booksellers across the U.S. to build support and after three tries found a willing publisher in Doubleday . Now "  Malice " is winning widespread praise from critics , fellow authors and booksellers . More than just history reimagined , Ennis claims to have discovered a secret buried in the pages of "  The Prince . " So if you 're among the millions who read Machiavelli 's political treatise in school , "  Malice " may hold added appeal . Read an excerpt from "  The Malice of Fortune " J.K. Rowling , "  The Casual Vacancy " In stores September 27 Perhaps the most anticipated title of not just the fall but the entire year is J.K. Rowling 's "  The Casual Vacancy . " Publisher Little , Brown is betting big on Rowling 's first novel since the Harry Potter finale . More than 2 million copies are due to hit store shelves across Australia , Germany , North America and the UK on September 27 . Booksellers are hoping the billionaire author has kept her magic touch , but readers should not expect a return to Hogwarts in the new book . Set in an idyllic English town where everything is not what it first seems , the plot deals with the unexpected death of a member of the Pagford parish council and the machinations that follow to fill his empty council seat . "  The Casual Vacancy " is described as a thought-provoking black comedy , but only a select few have read it . Little , Brown is offering no advance copies to reviewers , while Rowling herself is granting a few handpicked interviews to media outlets once the book is released . The secrecy only seems to be feeding the sky-high anticipation , with advance sales looking strong . We 'll have to wait and see whether Rowling can repeat the phenomenal success of the Harry Potter series in her first novel for adults . What 's your most anticipated book of the season ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below .	Some of the biggest names in publishing are back on the shelves this fall An Iraq war veteran is winning rave reviews for his first novel J.K. Rowling 's first novel since the Harry Potter series is finally here Michael Ennis makes Machiavelli and da Vinci crime solvers in a new novel
TACOMA , Washington  CNN  -- At a time when she really needed a miracle , Annamarie Ausnes found one in an unusual place . Sandra Andersen , right , donated a kidney to Annamarie Ausnes . Last fall , Ausnes , 55 , was one of nearly 75,000 Americans in need of a kidney . Today , she is recovering from a successful kidney transplant -- thanks to her local Starbucks barista . Sandra Andersen only knew Ausnes as her upbeat morning customer who always ordered a short cup of coffee . What Andersen did n't know was that Ausnes suffers from a genetic kidney disease called polycystic kidney disease . When both of her kidneys began failing , she was placed on a kidney transplant waiting list . "  I was kinda losing a little hope , " said Ausnes . Her next step would be dialysis . "  I 'd read the statistics . People have been waiting on dialysis for many , many years before a donor comes forth . I felt like the control was being taken away from me , " Ausnes said . "  But I did have control over one thing , and I knew how to pray . And I just started praying for someone ; for God to please send me an angel . " Andersen recalls one particular morning last October when her customer 's normally cheerful demeanor had changed . "  I could tell that she just was n't feeling real well , " said Andersen . "  So I asked her what was wrong . " Across the counter , Ausnes confided in her barista : Her kidneys were failing rapidly and no one in her family was a match . Without hesitation , Andersen said she would test for her . Ausnes remembers the moment vividly . "  She threw her hands up in the air . She said , ` I 'm testing . I 'm going to test for you . ' And it was a complete shock to me . " Even more so because Andersen did n't even know Ausnes ' name . Andersen ca n't explain it either . "  I just knew in my heart , I ca n't tell you why . I knew I had to find out as much info as possible , " recalls Andersen . Watch Ausnes recall how she met her "  miracle donor . " " After getting her blood tested , she signed a release to become an organ donor and began an interview process to move forward . Then the day came when she was able to break the good news to Ausnes . "  She walked in to get her short cup of coffee . I said , ` I 'm a match , ' and we both just stood there and bawled , " said Andersen . "  From that day forward we knew this was gon na happen . " On March 11 , Andersen and Ausnes underwent a kidney transplant at Virginia Mason Hospital in Seattle , Washington . The surgery was successful . "  We are doing well ! " Ausnes said Monday night . "  We 're moving slower but we feel good . I talk to Sandie every day , and sometimes I sit here and bawl because of what she 's gone through for me . " Watch how Andersen 's gift became ' A kidney named Rose . ' " Andersen says her kidney started working faster in Ausnes than the hospital expected . "  Annamarie is doing better than me ! I 'm just trying to do too much , " laughs Andersen , explaining why she 's tired . "  We 're just excited to get together for lunch sometime soon ! " Watch Andersen and Ausnes describe the best kind of donor " E-mail to a friend	Nearly 75,000 Americans need a kidney transplant Annamarie Ausnes told her story to a worker at her regular coffee shop The barista , Sandra Andersen , tested and found out she was a potential donor Both are doing well after a transplant procedure on March 11
CNN  -- The term nugget does n't quite do it justice . This thing is more like a whopper . A more than 6-pound chunk of gold sold over the weekend for $ 400,000 , according to the San Francisco Chronicle . An anonymous Bay Area buyer snatched up the "  Butte nugget " -- named for the Northern California county in which it was discovered this summer -- at the San Francisco Fall Antiques Show . The huge hunk of bullion went on public display Thursday , piquing the interest of hundreds who flocked to the show to get a peek . "  Nuggets like this do n't come along every day , " said David McCarthy , the nugget 's appraiser . "  I really did n't believe that I would see a California nugget of this size unearthed during my lifetime . " McCarthy told the Chronicle that the buyer is "  a prominent Bay Area collector " who specializes in historical items . A fitting specialty , given that his collection is now one for the history books . And that 's a distinction that is worth its weight in gold .	"  Butte nugget " nets $ 400K at a San Francisco antique show The 6-pound gold chunk was discovered in Northern California in July Buyer wishes to remain anonymous
CNN  The scene of devastation is staggering in Debaltseve , the town at the heart of the battle between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists in recent days . Barely a house is unscathed by shelling . Elderly civilians trapped by the fighting still cower in basements . After most Ukrainian forces pulled out Wednesday , the separatists are now in control . It 's obvious there 's been a seismic shift on the battlefield . But it 's not yet clear what the Ukrainian withdrawal means for the shaky peace deal that came into force Sunday . Will the separatists halt their offensive , satisfied with the territory they hold ? Or will they be emboldened to push for more ? The leaders of Ukraine , Russia , France and Germany spoke Thursday by phone in an attempt to patch up the deal , rocked by the fierce fighting for control of Debaltseve , a strategic railroad hub . They called for the ceasefire to be respected along the entire front line and for the withdrawal of heavy weaponry by both sides to create a buffer zone , as agreed to in Minsk , Belarus . But skeptics may wonder whether it 's too late to salvage the deal , hammered out a week ago by the four leaders -- Germany 's Angela Merkel , France 's François Hollande , Ukraine 's Petro Poroshenko and Russia 's Vladimir Putin . The ramifications for the West are huge because the 10-month-long conflict in eastern Ukraine has hiked tensions with Russia to a level not seen since the end of the Cold War , affecting trade and raising the specter of a Russian threat to Eastern Europe . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , who was able to return to Debaltseve on Thursday after a two-week absence , said the physical change in the town was astounding , with destruction on a wide scale . Terrified elderly women are still taking shelter in the basement of a building formerly held by Ukrainian forces but now in rebel hands , he said . Humanitarian aid deliveries have started quickly , with food parcels brought in on trucks run by the separatists . Those still in Debaltseve -- a fraction of its former population of 25,000 -- are angered by what has happened to their hometown . A Ukrainian tank and other destroyed military armor could be seen across the town , and the noise of machine gun fire could be heard , suggesting some Ukrainian soldiers are still holed up on the edges of Debaltseve , Paton Walsh said . The rumble of shelling also continued , mostly in the distance . It 's not clear yet how many civilians , separatist militants or Ukrainian soldiers died during the days of fighting for Debaltseve or in attempts to leave the town . Ukrainian leaders claim their troops ' withdrawal was strategic and organized , but the signs indicate that a vastly better equipped separatist force outgunned them and that they came under fire while retreating . Separatist fighters who spoke to CNN said the road out of town was still a contested area . Kiev and the West accuse Russia of arming and training the separatists and sending Russian troops over the border to fight with them . Russia has steadfastly denied the claim . Debaltseve : Inside the ghost town Ukraine 's Poroshenko has not hesitated to point the finger at Russia over the fighting this week in Debaltseve . "  The whole world saw that Russia does n't adhere to its commitments , " he said after his troops ' hasty retreat . "  In my telephone conversation with Merkel , Hollande and Putin I stressed that the situation around Debaltseve was in breach of Minsk accords , " he tweeted a day later . According to his office , Poroshenko asked for "  definite guarantees in case there are further attempts to violate the agreements . " The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which is tasked with monitoring the ceasefire , has criticized the separatists for refusing to allow its monitors into Debaltseve . Michael Bociurkiw , the OSCE spokesman in Kiev , told CNN on Thursday that the organization had made contact with both the Ukrainians and the separatists regarding access to Debaltseve . Separatist leaders in Luhansk and Donetsk said they were unable to provide safe passage for the OSCE monitors , he said , so "  at the moment it is not possible for us to visit the area . " Poroshenko said all four leaders had agreed in their phone call that the OSCE should be supported in its mission and that full access should be ensured starting Thursday , particularly around Donetsk 's airport and in other towns where fighting has occurred in the past hours . Only after a full ceasefire is achieved will the drawback of heavy weapons start under direct OSCE observation , he said . A statement from Hollande 's office said the leaders had agreed the ceasefire should be in effect on the entire front line without exception . The leaders called for an acceleration in the release of prisoners held by both sides , as agreed to under the Minsk deal . Poroshenko said this release should include those captured in Debaltseve . A statement from the Kremlin said the leaders had stressed that the start of the implementation of the Minsk agreement had led to a decrease in military activity in eastern Ukraine and fewer civilian casualties . "  The leaders emphasized the need of holding a ceasefire , taking real steps to withdraw the heavy weapons and release of prisoners , " it said . Poroshenko sought to portray his forces ' retreat from Debaltseve as organized and orderly , disputing separatists ' claims that the Ukrainian troops were surrounded and surrendered their arms . The separatists regarded Debaltseve as already being their territory when the front lines for the ceasefire were drawn . Hours after Kiev pulled its troops out of Debaltseve , Ukraine 's National Security and Defense Council said it would ask for U.N. peacekeepers to be sent to eastern Ukraine . But a spokesman for Russia 's Foreign Ministry , Alexander Lukashevich , said Moscow rejects any such call . The Minsk agreement is the basis for the ceasefire and resolution of the conflict , so there 's no need for international monitoring , Lukashevich said at a televised briefing . He added that the government in Kiev was responsible for its implementation . "  We 're convinced the full responsibility of fulfillment of the agreement lies only on the parties of the conflict , " Lukashevich said . Poroshenko said the question of deploying peacekeepers along the front line and the Ukraine-Russia border had been included in the Minsk agenda . Speaking later Thursday in Kiev , he insisted that Russia , given its alleged involvement in the conflict , could not play a role in peacekeeping operations in Ukraine . "  Ukraine will not agree to a peacekeeping format , which threatens to legalize thousands of Russian militaries -- we already have enough such ` peacekeepers , ' " he said . In a sign of the heightened tensions between Russia and other European nations , Britain 's Royal Air Force scrambled fighter jets Wednesday after Russian aircraft were identified flying close to UK airspace , the Ministry of Defence said . "  The Russian planes were escorted by the RAF until they were out of the UK area of interest . At no time did the Russian military aircraft cross into UK sovereign airspace , " a spokeswoman said . UK Defence Secretary Michael Fallon told Britain 's Telegraph newspaper that there 's a "  real and present danger " that Putin would use murky tactics to destabilize the Baltic states of Lithuania , Latvia and Estonia , which border Russia on NATO 's eastern flank . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko , Matthew Chance and Khushbu Shah contributed to this report as did journalist Victoria Butenko in Kiev .	A CNN team finds wide destruction in Debaltseve , now in separatist hands Leaders of Russia , Ukraine , France and Germany speak a week after forging peace deal Ukrainian President says a separatist offensive in Debaltseve breached the deal
CNN  -- Call it a bigger , bolder version of the deadline-driven congressional stalemates over taxes and spending that have come to define Washington dysfunction of the past two years . The latest edition of political "  blinksmanship " pits President Barack Obama and Democrats against Speaker John Boehner and Republicans on how to avoid the fiscal cliff -- automatic tax increases for everyone and deep spending cuts including for the military that will be triggered in the new year without an agreement . While the focus now is on a possible agreement in coming days or weeks , anti-tax crusader Grover Norquist told CNN on Monday that the nation should gird for long-range battle . "  This is a long fight . It 's four years of a fight . It 's not one week of a fight , " said Norquist , who has threatened to mount primary challenges against Republicans who violate a pledge they signed at his behest against ever voting for a tax increase . Financial planners : How to survive fiscal cliff With neither side showing any sign of blinking , however , the battlefield will probably shift to the Senate this week after GOP disarray in the House stymied any progress before Christmas . Congress and the president are taking a holiday break , with plans to return to work Thursday to try to find a deal in the final five days of the year . Economists warn that failing to avoid the fiscal cliff could spark recession , and stocks opened lower Monday amid no sign of the Washington impasse ending . According to multiple Democratic and Republican sources , no weekend conversations occurred between the White House and Senate leaders from either party or their aides . The main dispute continues to be over taxes , specifically the demand by Obama and Democrats to extend most of the tax cuts passed under President George W. Bush while allowing higher rates of the 1990s to return on top income brackets . Republicans oppose any kind of increase in tax rates , and Boehner suffered the political indignity last week of offering a compromise that his colleagues refused to support . While both sides say they want to avoid the fiscal cliff , signs are emerging that a deal would come after the new year to blunt the harshest impacts . Under that scenario , legislators would vote to lower taxes from the higher rates that will go into effect in January when the Bush cuts expire , with the new top rates staying intact . The sources described to CNN three possible options for moving ahead , all resting with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada . One would be to amend a House measure passed in July that extends the Bush tax cuts for everyone . The changes would return to higher rates on top brackets , which Obama defines as family income up to $ 250,000 , and also could include the president 's call to extend unemployment benefits and some of the fiscal cliff spending cuts . Read more : Clock ticking on mortgage tax break for struggling homeowner A second possibility would involve a Senate measure that Democrats passed in July with no Republican support . It calls for the Obama plan of extending the current tax cuts on family income up to $ 250,000 . However , the Senate version has a constitutional problem because by law , measures that raise revenue must originate in the House . Boehner said Friday that the Senate plan has a "  blue slip " problem , which refers to an objection that it is unconstitutional and therefore remains lodged in the Senate . While one Democratic source said the Senate version could get taken up in the House if Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell or Boehner do n't raise a blue-slip objection , Republican sources rejected that scenario . Reid also could take a different revenue-raising bill from the House and rewrite it as a tax and spending measure to address fiscal cliff issues , the sources explained . With Republicans holding filibuster power in the Democratic-majority Senate , at least seven GOP senators would have to join Democrats on such a plan before the end of the year . With McConnell up for re-election in 2014 , he is considered unlikely to risk angering the party 's conservative base by supporting a compromise or allowing one to pass on a simple majority vote that would need no GOP backing , sources said . In the new Senate that will convene in early January , the number of Republicans needed to pass a deal would be five because of Democratic gains in November , when Obama won re-election . According to a senior administration official , the president is still holding to his promise not to sign a short-term bill that extends Bush-era tax cuts across the board to buy time for a deal to avoid the fiscal cliff . So , absent a deal that includes increasing income-tax rates for wealthy Americans , the country is still headed for the cliff . But the administration official told CNN it 's still possible to resolve the impasse : "  The unanimous desire to avoid the fiscal cliff will hopefully animate everybody , " the official said . According to a Senate Republican leadership aide , Republicans reject Obama 's $ 250,000 threshold for tax cut extensions . Meanwhile , a Senate Democratic leadership aide lamented McConnell 's apparent unwillingness to negotiate . "  We 're going to be here New Year 's Eve , " retiring Sen. Joe Lieberman said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " adding that it was likely the nation would go over the fiscal cliff . Failing to meet the year-end deadline on striking a deal would amount to "  the most colossal , consequential act of congressional irresponsibility in a long time , " said Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut who caucuses with Democrats . "  Maybe ever in American history , because of the impact it will have on almost every American . " However , Norquist called the situation part of a longer process . "  This is not a fight that begins and ends the first week of January , " he said , predicting "  a regular fight " when Congress needs to authorize more government spending and raise the federal debt ceiling in coming months . "  There the Republicans have a lot of clout because they can say we 'll let you run the government for the next month , but you 've got to make these reforms , " he explained . How might the "  fiscal cliff " affect you ? Obama spoke separately Friday with Boehner and Reid to try to salvage a fiscal cliff deal by the end of year , then delivered a previously unscheduled statement to reporters at the White House . He acknowledged what has become obvious : The broader deficit reduction deal he seeks will probably come in stages , rather than in the so-called grand bargain he and Boehner have been trying to negotiate . In particular , Obama called for Congress to come back after Christmas and work with him on a limited agreement to prevent tax hikes on the middle class , extend unemployment insurance and set a framework for future deficit reduction steps . Boehner 's spokesman said the speaker will be "  ready to find a solution that can pass both houses of Congress " when he returns to Washington , as now planned for Thursday . The GOP opposition to any kind of tax rate increase has stalled deficit negotiations for two years and led to unusual political drama , such as McConnell recently filibustering a proposal he introduced and Thursday night 's rebuff by House Republicans of an alternative tax plan pushed by Boehner , their leader . Boehner said at a news conference Friday that his Republican colleagues refused to back his plan , which would have extended all tax cuts except for income of more than $ 1 million , because of fears of being blamed for a tax increase . The negotiations with Obama on a broad deficit reduction agreement hit an impasse last week when both sides offered their "  bottom line " positions , Boehner said . In what was considered as progress just a week ago , the president and speaker made major concessions but remained a few hundred billion dollars apart . Reid and other Senate Democrats say House Republicans must accept that agreement will require support from legislators in both parties . He insisted that the Senate-passed plan with Obama 's $ 250,000 threshold , which polls show is strongly supported by the public , would pass the House if Boehner would allow a vote . Some House Republicans have said they would join Democrats in supporting the president 's proposal in hopes of moving past the volatile issue to focus on the spending cuts and entitlement reforms they seek . The possibility of a fiscal cliff was set in motion over the past two years as a way to force action on mounting government debt . Now , legislators risk looking politically cynical by seeking to weaken the measures enacted to try to force them to confront tough questions regarding deficit reduction , such as reforms to popular entitlement programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid . Polling has consistently shown most Americans back the president , who insists wealthy Americans must pay more , rather than Boehner and his Republican colleagues , who have balked at tax rate hikes and demanded spending cuts and entitlement program reforms . A new CNN/ORC International survey last week found that just over half of respondents believe Republicans should give up more in any solution and consider the party 's policies too extreme . The two sides seemingly had made progress early last week on forging a $ 2 trillion deficit reduction deal that included new revenue sought by Obama and spending cuts and entitlement changes desired by Boehner . The president 's latest offer set $ 400,000 as the income threshold for a tax rate increase , up from his original plan of $ 250,000 . It also included a new formula for the consumer price index applied to some entitlement benefits , much to the chagrin of liberals . Called chained CPI , the new formula includes assumptions on consumer habits in response to rising prices , such as seeking cheaper alternatives , and would result in smaller benefit increases in future years . Statistics supplied by opponents say the change would mean Social Security recipients would get $ 6,000 less in benefits over the first 15 years of chained CPI . Liberal groups sought to mount a pressure campaign against including the chained CPI after news emerged this week that Obama was willing to include it , calling the plan a betrayal of senior citizens who had contributed throughout their lives for their benefits . CNN 's Brianna Keilar in Hawaii and Dana Bash in Washington reported this story , which was written by Tom Cohen in Washington .	Who will blink first in Washington 's fiscal cliff showdown ? Without a deal , everyone 's taxes go up next year Senate Republicans reject a tax plan already passed by Democrats President Obama pushed his campaign stance on taxes
CNN  -- He did n't die with Wendy on the streets , but Bruce Springsteen 's career needed some life . It was early 1974 , and Springsteen had enjoyed critical acclaim but little commercial success with two albums the previous year , "  Greetings from Asbury Park , N.J. " and "  The Wild , the Innocent & the E Street Shuffle . " He was n't the rock icon he 'd soon become . He needed a hit . So the 26-year-old sat down at his Long Branch , New Jersey , home on 7Â 1/2 West End Court -- the same house where he would also write "  Thunder Road " and "  Backstreets " -- and he began scribbling lyrics on a sheet of ruled paper from a spiral notebook . "  This town 'll rip the  out your  bones from your back / it 's a suicide trap  rap   it 's a trap to catch the young  your dead unless / you get out  we got to  while your young so  come on ! / with  take my hand cause tramps / like us baby we were born to run . " On December 5 , almost 40 years later , the handwritten genesis of one of The Boss ' biggest hits -- and one of rock 'n' roll 's most well-known songs -- will be auctioned off to the highest bidder . Sotheby 's New York expects the manuscript , which features 30 lines and marginal notations scrawled in blue ink , to fetch between $ 70,000 and $ 100,000 . "  Born to Run " reached only No. 23 on the Billboard Hot 100 , but it aged incredibly well , earning the No. 21 spot on Rolling Stone magazine 's list of all-time greatest songs and being named among the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 's 500 songs that shaped the genre . Springsteen explained the song 's birth in a statement from Sotheby 's . "  One day I was playing my guitar on the edge of the bed , working on some song ideas , and the words ` born to run ' came to me . At first I thought it was the name of a movie or something I 'd seen on a car spinning around the circuit . I liked the phrase because it suggested a cinematic drama that I thought would work with the music that I 'd been hearing in my head . " An AllMusic review described the tune as a "  celebration of the rock & roll spirit , capturing the music 's youthful abandon , delirious passion and extraordinary promise with cinematic exhilaration . " "  A blue-collar fairy tale evoking Phil Spector in its romanticized grandeur and Bob Dylan in its street-corner poetic grit , critic Greil Marcus once described it as ' a '57 Chevy running on melted-down Crystals records , ' " the review states . " ` Born to Run ' is teen melodrama in excelsis , overblown and histrionic in ways Spector never imagined ; it smacks of the kind of palpable , life-or-death desperation which threads its way through everything from ` Romeo and Juliet ' to ` Rebel Without a Cause , ' where every action , every thought and every word bears the complete weight of the world . " The 1975 track became Springsteen 's first worldwide release , and while Sotheby 's says many of the original lyrics never made it to the recording booth , the chorus was "  nearly perfected " in the handwritten manuscript . "  Ultimately , the song took six months to finalize and clocks in at four and a half minutes long . Springsteen aimed for musical perfection and Spector-level grandeur which he undoubtedly achieved , " a Sotheby 's news release says . The manuscript , which was once part of record producer Mike Appel 's personal collection , will be on public view beginning Saturday , according to Sotheby 's . Appel is credited with discovering Springsteen , and he produced The Boss ' first three albums .	Sotheby 's New York expects handwritten lyrics to fetch $ 70,000 to $ 100,000 at auction The sheet of notebook paper features 30 lines and notations scrawled in blue ink Many original lyrics did n't make the cut , but manuscript contains "  nearly perfected " chorus Springsteen 's "  Born to Run " is today considered one of the greatest songs of all time
CNN  -- The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers began explosions Monday night at the Birds Point-New Madrid levee at the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers . The explosions , near the southern border between Missouri and Illinois , marked the start of a three-stage process to intentionally breach the levee -- and , in the process , pave the way for tons of water to flood 130,000 acres of Missouri farmland -- to alleviate pressure caused by historically high water levels in the rivers . At 5 p.m. Monday , the water level outside Cairo , Illinois , was 61.44 feet -- well above the flood stage of 40 feet -- according to the National Weather Service . Maj. Gen. Michael Walsh ordered the intentional breach . "  The system  continues to be under enormous and unprecedented pressure , " said Walsh , the president of the Mississippi River Commission . "  Because of that ... I 've ordered the district commander to operate the project . " Walsh said that historic and still-rising flood waters made it imperative to begin the explosive operation as soon as possible . The multistage process is expected to continue through Tuesday . Missouri Attorney General Chris Koster 's office tried to block the move , challenging the Corps ' authority to breach the levee . But the U.S. Supreme Court , in a ruling from Justice Samuel Alito , denied Missouri 's bid . On Monday , Gov. Jay Nixon issued a statement saying he had talked with Walsh about the attempt "  to relieve pressure on other parts of the levee system and save lives . " He said Missouri authorities are ready for the blast and subsequent flood . "  I urge Missourians to continue to cooperate fully with state , county and local law enforcement , as they have at every stage of this process , " Nixon said . "  Together , we will ensure that Missouri families stay safe in the coming days . And together , we will recover and rebuild . " Without an intentional breach , authorities had warned of massive flooding that could wipe out Cairo . Already , Cairo 's mayor ordered the city 's 2,800 residents to evacuate . Walsh acknowledged the human dimension of his plan , which has irked many in Missouri , where hundreds more have been evacuated . Nixon has estimated that it will take tens , if not hundreds of millions of dollars to recover property and rebuild lives as the water rushes through the floodway , including washing out farmland he described as "  literally the most productive part of our continent . " "  It 's a heart-wrenching story , " Walsh said . "  It takes a long time to recover from something like this . " He said the fate of Cairo was just one of many factors in his decision , saying he hoped the move would alleviate issues throughout the Mississippi River system . Water levels and flooding have hit record highs in many spots , putting severe strains on systems meant to prevent uncontrolled floods and the resulting loss of life and property . With rain continuing to fall and water levels continuing to rise , Walsh said the situation would only get worse without drastic action . "  Nobody has seen this type of water in the system , " he said . "  This is unprecedented . " And he did not rule out similar moves elsewhere , including possibly more purposeful explosions at other levees along the Mississippi and its tributaries . The area , in Missouri 's so-called "  Bootheel , " is one of four floodways along the system that could be opened up . Walsh said he expected the Birds Point-New Madrid levee breach will cause river crests to drop three to four feet "  for a few days , " even as he voiced concerns that water levels could very well rise again . "  This does n't end this historic flood , " said Walsh . "  This is not going to be over when we operate this . "	NEW : The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers begins intentionally breaching the levee Water levels near Cairo , Illinois , reach 61.4 feet -- far above the 40-foot flood stage Missouri had tried to block the decision , which will flood productive farmland
CNN  -- Jesse Owens ' triumph over the Third Reich in Berlin at the 1936 Olympic Games , Zinedine Zidane 's perfect volley in the 2002 European Champions League final , Tiger Woods ' astonishing chip-in at the Masters in 2005 or Rafael Nadal celebrating in the growing dusk around Wimbledon 's Centre Court after overcoming Roger Federer in 2008 . All iconic moments in the history of sport , forever etched in the memory of spectators lucky enough to be able to say "  I was there " . But these days witnessing greatness is clearly not quite enough for the modern sports fan as countless spectators religiously record career-defining events on mobile devices and post their own personal accounts on various social media websites . Shades of greatness : Duval dreams of British Open renaissance "  The pleasure of sport lies not so much in witnessing an event as talking about it , " explains Ellis Cashmore , professor of Culture , Media and Sport at England 's Staffordshire University . "  We 've all at some point sat at home and watched a fight or a tennis match in isolation and it 's never as enjoyable as when we are in company , talking about the competition as it unfolds . Mobile phones have opened out the possibilities . We can talk to anyone , anywhere while the action is taking place . " One event to have resisted the tidal wave of mobile technology which has swept through society is the British Open -- golf 's oldest major -- which will take place for the 141st time this weekend . Blog : Why U.S. golf has a healthy future But this year the R & A , which governs golf outside the United States and Mexico , has relented , allowing spectators at north-west England 's Royal Lytham and St. Annes Golf Club to bring their phones into the event for the first time since 2006 . "  The attachment people have to their mobile phones is getting ever stronger , " R & A head of communications Malcolm Booth told CNN . "  People feel it 's an item they really do n't want to be separated from . It 's very clear to us that people coming to any sporting event , and the Open is no exception , want to have their mobile phones with them . " This is a view supported by Cashmore as he outlines how people are increasingly unwilling to venture out of the house without a mobile phone in their pocket . "  Mobiles are now less accessories , more extensions of our lives , " said Cashmore , who is currently conducting a study entitled "  Barbaric Britain ? " "  We can manage without our watches or our keys , but not our phones . They are like pacemakers -- artificial devices , but vital for the regulation of organs . "  More generally we are consuming sports differently today than we were as recently as five years ago . The pattern is towards a much more remote consumption through smartphones and mobile computers . "  Portability is the key to this . We consume not just sport but everything on the move . " Current world No. 3 Lee Westwood , searching for a first major title in front of his home fans , sees no reason why the public should be separated from their trusty mobile phones , providing the players are not distracted at crucial moments . Australian Adam Scott , also looking for a first win in one of golf 's four marquee events , agrees with Westwood , though as long as the sport 's fans observe the customary on-course etiquette . The R & A have set up designated "  Mobile Device Zones " where visitors can use their phones , while also attempting to ensure spectators do not take home their every own visual souvenirs . "  There are obviously great challenges with that , " outlined Booth . "  That provision is in keeping with many sporting events , including the Olympics where they are going to have exactly the same challenge . "  We have a very strict mobile phone policy at the Open Championship this year which means there are dedicated areas where people can use their phones . "  The hope is they will not use phones to any great extent near play and we 'll have a marshal near play encouraging that behavior . It is one of the great challenges of allowing mobile phones at any sporting event . " Cashmore argues such personal recordings of events are used by people to enhance their eye-witness memories . "  We remember experiences by context : the circumstances that form the setting for an event , what happened immediately before and afterwards , and the people with whom we stood , sat and chatted to , " said Cashmore . "  Phones enable us to extend this to a wider network of people . By describing an experience we memorialize it . " One man who believes sport 's iconic moments do not require additional "  memorializing " is British journalist Richard Williams , the author of Perfect 10 : Football 's dreamer , schemers playmakers and playboys . Ten years ago Williams was at Hampden Park , Glasgow when Zidane 's audacious left-foot strike in the last minute of the first half proved enough to give Real Madrid a 2-1 win over Germany 's Bayer Leverkusen in one of soccer 's most high-profile matches -- the European Champions League final . Williams believes he witnessed a sporting moment of such complete perfection he decided to never watch a replay of the now iconic goal . "  Maybe people growing up now , in the age of technology and media saturation , will develop a different attitude , " wrote Williams in a chapter extolling the talents of Zidane . "  But one of the pleasures of being a football fan is the archive of individual images saved on the memory 's hard drive . "  Each of them is divorced from its immediate context : only with the greatest difficulty could I dredge up the details of the matches in question , never mind its result . "  I wanted Zidane 's goal to claim a place in that personal file ... If I watched it again on television , I would inevitably be replacing my own image of the moment with that of a television camera , if only partially . "  It would not contain within it the surge of exhilaration and admiration that I felt in that moment and that remain part of the emotional response to replaying the goal as it was experienced from my own point of view . " Despite the compelling and heartfelt argument put forward by Williams , Booth is confident the British Open will retain the aura which has helped it become one of golf 's most cherished tournaments . "  You ca n't swim against the tide in terms of technology and we 're not the only sporting event having to deal with this challenge , " said Booth . "  We 've got great television partners and they are always going to find a way to romanticize those phenomenal sporting moments . Equally , people will want to take their own records of sporting events . "  There would be no point trying to fight that , it is the way people want to consume events now . But traditional media will always allow you to present events in the way they should be . " So with the influence of the phone continuing to grow , how long before spectators are so busy tweeting about the British Open they miss the champion lifting the Claret Jug ?	The British Open will allow mobile phones for the first time since 2006 Academic Ellis Cashmore believes mobiles have become like pacemakers -- artificial devices , but vital for the regulation of organs Top golfers Lee Westwood and Adam Scott have backed the move Use of phones will be restricted certain zones , while they must be switched to silent
New Delhi  CNN  -- The victim of a brutal gang rape that sparked massive protests in India arrived in Singapore for treatment Thursday morning . "  The patient condition remains extremely critical as before , " said Dr. Kelvin Loh , CEO of Mount Elizabeth Hospital . "  Prior to coming to Singapore , she had three abdominal surgeries and cardiac arrests in India . Currently , we have a multidisciplinary team of specialists who are taking care of her and doing everything possible to stabilize her condition . " The 23-year-old woman spent days in intensive care after what police said was a rape and beating on December 16 on a moving bus in New Delhi . Widespread anger about the incident prompted massive anti-rape protests in the Indian capital over the weekend . Riot police surrounded downtown streets as scores of protesters -- mostly students -- took to the streets again Thursday . Elderly and middle-aged women also joined the march , which was blocked from moving into downtown New Delhi , the scene of furious protests over the weekend . Marching demonstrators carried placards demanding fast-tracking of rape trials across the country and an emergency session of parliament to toughen laws related to sex attacks . New Delhi rape exposes the perils of being a woman in India "  Commit or quit , " read a large banner . "  Justice for women now . " Protesters chanted slogans against the government and police for Sunday 's crackdown on anti-rape demonstrations in New Delhi 's government district . Hundreds of police had fanned across the area in riot gear well before the march . "  Despite massive protests across Delhi and India , the government 's assurances have been hollow and smack of tokenism , " said Neha Kaul Mehra , a student participant . "  Rather , the response -- the crackdown -- has been feudal . " Read more : New Delhi police fire water cannon at India rape protest The Cabinet plans to set up a commission to look into the rape and suggest measures to improve women 's safety . The commission has three months to submit its report to the government . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi . Elizabeth Neisloss reported from Singapore .	NEW : "  The patient condition remains extremely critical , " hospital official says NEW : Students , elderly women joined a march that was blocked from downtown New Delhi Widespread anger about a 23-year-old woman 's rape has prompted massive protests She was hospitalized after a rape and beating on a moving bus on December 16
After Marco Rubio won his inaugural Senate race in 2010 in Florida , he became the latest star of the Republican Party . The young , insurgent candidate was so impressive , talk of a presidential future quickly ensued . He entered the Senate with high expectations , having won his race with the support of the new tea party movement while simultaneously appealing to mainstream conservatives . But his journey has not been without roadblocks . Leadership on controversial topics has slowed his rise . Now , Rubio , 43 , is working to right his perceived wrongs and shed his stereotypes as takes up the mantle once adorned by doing the work to launch a presidential run . Boosting his presence The freshman senator is doing all the things necessary to make himself known . He 's traveling to early presidential nominating states , heading overseas to beef up his foreign policy credentials , appearing on national TV to boost his name recognition and formulating policy ideas to demonstrate substance . On Wednesday , he delivered a "  major address " on economic mobility and challenges facing the middle class . Little new came from it . It was a culmination of previously announced ideas and legislation he 's already introduced this year and weaved in personal stories of childhood poverty as the son of Cuban immigrants and accounts of people struggling to make it in the middle class . "  Too many are starting to believe the American Dream is no longer possible for people like them , " he said . Alex Conant , Rubio 's spokesman , said the senator has been developing these ideas "  for months , " since the 50th anniversary of the War on Poverty earlier this year . It 's a comprehensive speech but one that could be delivered on the floor of the Senate , a place where any of the 100 members go to offer their policy prescriptions . Instead , Rubio 's speech was aimed at garnering as much attention and clout as possible . In an attempt to appeal to the right , he spoke a few blocks from Capitol Hill at conservative Hillsdale College , which stresses the teaching of "  constitutional principles . " A coordinated media campaign that includes post-speech interviews is geared toward bolstering the significance of the speech . An alternative Rubio 's efforts to raise his profile and prove his substance is also an effort at differentiating himself from Democrats . His economic address comes the same week that President Barack Obama 's summit on working families and the Clinton Global Initiative conference in Colorado that focused on jobs and the economy . It was attended by former secretary of state and potential Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . Hillary Clinton on wealth missteps : ` My record speaks for itself ' Rubio 's address contrasted the ideas they presented and , instead , took up themes Democrats have largely rejected , including a private option for Medicare and gradually raising the retirement age for Social Security . They are popular ideas within the Republican Party that would arguably save federal dollars . On jobs and economic mobility , Rubio detailed his ideas that include tax reform and tax credits for mothers obtaining an education and income-based student loan payments . He also backed a reduction of regulations and taxes and the repeal of Obamacare that he says prohibits employers from hiring , a far different platform from his Democratic counterparts . Kevin Madden , a former adviser to 2012 presidential candidate Mitt Romney , said Rubio is trying to fill a void . "  He recognizes the Republican Party is very hungry for leaders who want to serve as a counterpoint to President Obama on the big policy issues , " he said . To beef up his foreign policy resume , the member of the Foreign Relations Committee has put himself out front on related matters . He appeared on the Sunday talk shows to discuss the U.S. response to the chaos in Iraq where he backed air strikes , a position Obama has n't pursued . A crowded field But to get where he 'll contrast his ideas against a Democratic presidential candidate , he needs to differentiate himself from his fellow Republicans . Rubio is doing what other potential presidential candidates have done . Sen. Rand Paul has delivered numerous policy speeches throughout the country ; Gov. Chris Christie has been active outside New Jersey in his role as head of the Republican Governors Association ; former Florida Governor Jeb Bush has begun strategically appearing at national conferences . They , and a dozen other potential candidates , have also traveled to early nominating states of Iowa , New Hampshire , South Carolina and Nevada . Rand Paul : Will his star continue to rise ? There lies the problem : Rubio is just one of many climbers trying to reach the same summit . As many as four governors , three senators , a former senator and two former governors are contemplating a 2016 run . Rubio faces a difficult slog to rise above the noise that the Republican race is already making . In a June CNN poll , Rubio pulled 8 % among potential GOP presidential candidates . His support is low , but he fell smack in the middle of the large pack and not much worse than the most popular potential candidate , Paul , who garnered 14 % . In a fractured Republican Party that consists of social conservatives , fiscal conservatives , tea party activists and pragmatists , Rubio will have to find his niche . Rubio 's rising star After he won his Senate race , Rubio was the face of the tea party . He was considered one of the more conservative to enter the Senate . But as the Republican establishment struggled to embrace the tea party , he became the glue . Party leaders saw potential and a future in Rubio . He 's young , He 's Hispanic and he 's telegenic . "  It 's a great day for the conservative cause . New people with new thinking , new ideas -- 21st century solutions , " Jeb Bush said immediately after his victory . But politics is a volatile profession . Rubio 's folly Rubio 's stock within the Republican Party plummeted last year when he held up the mantle for the Republican Party on immigration reform . He was part of a group of eight senators that forged an agreement , leading to the passage of comprehensive immigration reform . While he was dubbed "  The Republican Savior " by Time Magazine for his work on a solution that has been unable to pass Congress for nearly a decade , conservatives called the bill amnesty for undocumented immigrants and conservative Erick Erickson called Rubio a "  disappointment " on his blog Red State . "  While some of us will be able to forgive Marco Rubio 's rather rapid shift toward the very position he once vocally opposed , others probably will not be so forgiving , " Erickson wrote . Bob Vander Plaats , CEO of The Family Leader , a social conservative organization in Iowa that has a large amount of political influence in the critical presidential caucus state , said people "  really backed away " from Rubio after immigration . Rubio , he said , is going to have to explain himself to Iowa Republicans . Iowa voters are "  a very discerning lot , " Vander Plaats said . "  They 're willing to forgive . They 're willing to try to understand . " Although his immigration position was likely to appeal to independent voters and even Democrats , the outrage proved the position was unpopular among the base , which he needs in a presidential primary . After the immigration fallout , Rubio felt the heat and backed away from the national spotlight . He laid low and made little noise . Rubio 's return Rubio has mostly avoided the topic of immigration except to pivot away from the bill he helped pass through the Senate by endorsing a fragmented approach in the Republican-led House . He maintained his latest stance again Wednesday when he said a solution for the millions of undocumented immigrants ca n't happen before the border is secure and a worker verification system is in place . Since 2014 rolled around , Rubio has been carefully crafting his image as a well-rounded , versatile leader in the Republican Party . He has repeatedly appeared on the business channel CNBC to discuss economic policies without mentioning immigration . A smart move , Madden said , because "  it 's dangerous when you make your name on one issue . " Madden , who has been watching his campaign , said Rubio is making the right moves , not only in the policy arena but the political one , too . "  He 's not making 2014 about Marco Rubio but making it about candidates across the country , " Madden said . Rubio was the first of the possible presidential candidates to endorse Iowa Senate candidate Joni Ernst . He traveled to the state to fundraise and campaign for her . His endorsement and her subsequent win helps him build relationships and a national infrastructure in critical states . Media . Check . Policy . Check . Politics . Check . Now Rubio has the long , treacherous trek of finding the voters who support him . "  Slow and steady wins the race , " Madden said . How many ways can Romney say no to 2016 ?	Florida Sen. Marco Rubio is giving a major economic policy address It 's part of a larger coordinated strategy to prepare for a presidential run One challenge is being noticed among the many other Republicans considering his lead on immigration caused discernment among the Republican base
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria imposed a 24-hour curfew Saturday in the northern city of Kano after assailants killed scores of people and wounded others in a hail of gunfire and coordinated bombings of eight government sites . A military official told CNN that at least 156 people were dead and feared the number would rise . "  The hospitals are not equipped to deal with the influx and severity of the injuries , so we are expecting that figure to go up further , " the official said . Nwankpa Nwankpa , a Red Cross information officer in the capital , Abuja , said 50 people were injured in the attacks . He said that search and rescue operations are underway and volunteers are working to assist those hurt . The attacks targeted several police stations , barracks and the building housing the assistant inspector general of police in Kano , Nigeria 's second largest city . A passport office , state security headquarters and the immigration office were also hit , police said . Are you there ? Share your story Terrified residents barricaded themselves in their homes , said Rev. Murtala Mati of the Christian Association of Nigeria . "  The government is really trying but we are afraid ... we are all scared , " he said . During the attack , assailants entered a police station , freed detainees and bombed it , authorities said . They later canvassed the area in a car led by motorcycles , spraying targets with gunfire . Islamist group Boko Haram claimed responsibility for the blast in a phone call to the Daily Trust , according to journalists at the newspaper . Nigeria closed its borders Saturday with Cameroon and Niger , whom it has accused of allowing the militants to move freely into Nigeria . The government has put in place a state of emergency , and a large deployment of troops has been sent to the north of the country . African Union commission chairman Jean Ping condemned "  in the strongest terms " the attacks Saturday , and expressed his condolences to the families of those killed and his concern for the many people who were injured . The AU rejects terrorism in all its forms , the statement said , and gives Nigeria its full backing in its efforts to end terror attacks . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is "  appalled at the frequency and intensity of recent attacks in Nigeria , which demonstrate a wanton and unacceptable disregard for human life , " his office said Saturday in a statement . "  In voicing solidarity with the government and people of Nigeria , the secretary-general also expresses his hope for swift and transparent investigations into these incidents that lead to bringing the perpetrators to justice , " the statement added . In December , Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan declared a state of emergency in four northern states . The declaration followed a series of Christmas Day attacks on Christian churches blamed on the Boko Haram group . The man suspected of masterminding those attacks , named Kabiru Sokoto , was briefly captured this week before escaping police custody while being transferred to another prison . Several police officers and the local commissioner are under investigation over his escape . A 50 million naira  $ 307,000  reward was also offered by police Thursday for any information leading to Sokoto 's re-arrest . Northern Nigeria has been wracked by religious violence in recent weeks , including a spate of attacks in early January that killed at least 25 Christians . Boko Haram has been blamed for months of widespread bloodshed , with churches and police stations among the targets . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.N. 's Ban Ki-moon is "  appalled at the frequency and intensity " of recent attacks A military official tells CNN that at least 156 people were killed Nigeria closes its borders with Niger and Cameroon and imposes a state of emergency The Islamist militant group Boko Haram claims responsibility
The world has devoted a great deal of diplomatic energy to securing Syria 's chemical weapons . It has yet to do the same for securing Syria 's children . Their future is as important for international security and stability , even if the consequences of inaction will take far longer to be seen and felt . The war in Syria between the government of Bashar al-Assad and forces opposed to him has ground on for more than two years and claims new victims each day . More than 100,000 have been killed . Starvation has become a gruesome reality , with a religious leader now saying it is OK to eat cats and dogs given the lack of much of anything else . Polio , likely brought by foreign fighters , has resurfaced to claim tiny victims younger than 2 . In the past two weeks , barrel bombs -- drums filled with shrapnel and explosives -- are reported to have killed more than 500 people in the city of Aleppo . According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a UK-based group with links to Syrian opposition , children accounted for more than 150 of the dead . Refugees fleeing the conflict , most to Syria 's overwhelmed neighbors Jordan and Lebanon , top a whopping 2 million . Some U.N. officials expect that number to climb as high as 4 million in 2014 . More than 1.1 million of these refugees are younger than 18 . Indeed , Syria 's youngest citizens are paying dearly for a war they did not create , one that is laying waste to their present and their future . Three out of four Syrian children "  have lost a close friend or family member in their country 's ongoing conflict " and "  many have witnessed violence , " notes the International Rescue Committee . Charities such as IRC and Mercy Corps working with Syria 's children tell of young people isolated , lonely and struggling with the impossible task of coming to terms with all that they have seen and lost . "  If we do not act quickly , a generation of innocents will become lasting casualties of an appalling war , " U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees António Guterres said in November when releasing a report on the grim future facing Syria 's children . "  A grave consequence of the conflict is that a generation is growing up without a formal education , " the report said . "  More than half of all school-aged Syrian children in Jordan and Lebanon are not in school . In Lebanon , it is estimated that some 200,000 school-aged Syrian refugee children could remain out of school at the end of the year . " They join 25 million kids of primary-school-age around the world out of school because of war . These numbers matter and well beyond Syria 's borders . As U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan has often noted , security and education are bound together : Low educational attainment is among the strongest predictors of violence . Anyone hoping for a safer , more secure world had better start with educating children . And yet until now , the international community 's reaction to the escalating death count and the rising number of hungry , homeless and displaced children has fallen somewhere between a shrug and a sigh . Although U.N. agencies have released a slew of dire warnings about the situation 's urgency and its gravity , it is unclear anyone is listening , let alone ready to act to change the calculus on the ground . In September , a round of feverish and focused diplomacy unfolded between Russia and the United States to reach a deal with the Assad regime on its chemical weapons . No nations have engaged in such fully concentrated diplomacy to open and secure humanitarian corridors and bring supplies to cities being starved and cut off from the rest of the world -- and to make sure Syria 's children do n't go hungry . Although chemical weapons may be close to being secured , conventional weapons face no such limitations and are being used to kill , injure and maim with impunity . This leaves children to pay the price . And so will the rest of us , eventually , if nothing is done to help a lost generation find a way to a more secure future .	Gayle Lemmon : Nations have tried to secure Syria 's chemical weapons but not to help children Lemmon : Children suffer from starvation and polio , killed by airstrikes and bombs She says chemical weapons close to being secured , but not conventional weapons Children pay the price , she says . The world has turned its back on them
EW.com  -- It 's a casting "  X " - gravaganza ! Director Bryan Singer tweeted Tuesday that Ian McKellen and Patrick Stewart will be reprising their respective roles as Magneto and Prof. X in "  X-Men : Days of Future Past , " and they 'll be joined by "  X-Men : First Class " stars Michael Fassbender as Magneto and James McAvoy as Prof. X. Wait , what ? For the geek uninitiated , "  Days of Future Past " is also the title of an X-Men comic book storyline from 1981 , which alternated between a dystopian future in which mutants are living in internment camps , and the present day mutants working to prevent that future from happening . EW.com : Bryan Singer will direct ` X-Men : Days of Future Past ' With this casting news , Singer has all but confirmed that the next X-Men film will reconstitute that storyline a bit , making the Fassbender/McAvoy mutants in the go-go 1960s the "  present day " storyline , and the McKellen/Stewart mutants in the early 21st century the ones trapped in a bleak alternate future . This is likely a way back to the series for Stewart , given that his Prof. X was  more or less  killed off in 2006â $ ² s "  X-Men : The Last Stand . " Curiously , Singer also officially announced that "  X-Men : First Class 's " Jennifer Lawrence and Nicholas Hoult are also returning as Mystique and Beast , respectively . Does this mean Rebecca Romijn and Kelsey Grammer will be playing their 21st century counterparts ? All Singer would say in his final tweet : "  More to come ... " EW.com : All time great comic book movies This also officially means that McKellen is set to go up against himself : Both "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " and "  The Hobbit : There and Back Again " are scheduled to hit theaters on July 18 , 2014 . Geek brains are exploding everywhere . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ian McKellen and Patrick Stewart have been cast in "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " McKellen will reprise his role as Magneto and Stewart will be back as Prof. X Michael Fassbender and James McAvoy of "  X-Men : First Class " will also portray Magneto and Prof. X The casting news hints that the next film will reconstitute a 1981 comic book storyline
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The former lover and feng shui master to one of Asia 's wealthiest women has been sentenced to 12 years in jail after being found guilty of forging a will that made him the beneficiary of her multi-billion-dollar fortune following a long-running case that transfixed Hong Kong . Peter Chan Chun-chuen , 53 , formerly known as Tony Chan , was convicted on Friday after a jury found him guilty of forging the will of the eccentric billionaire widow Nina Wang , according to a statement from Hong Kong 's Court of First Instance . He was also found guilty of a further charge of using a false instrument after the eight-member jury returned its verdict on Thursday after deliberating for two days . In his reasons for sentencing , Justice Andrew Macrae said Chan had shown "  not the slightest remorse " for his conduct . "  I have no doubt from the evidence I have heard that you are nothing more than a clever and no doubt beguiling charlatan , " he said in his judgment . Wang , the heiress known for her iconic pigtail braids and nicknamed "  Little Sweetie , " died of cancer in 2007 . After her death , a will was presented by Chan , who claimed he had been her confidante and lover for over 14 years . The will stipulated that her estate , valued at $ 4 billion , go to him . Wang 's family disputed the will , allegedly signed by her in 2006 , and a court finally dismissed the claims to the inheritance in 2011 , ruling in favor of a charity run by Wang 's siblings , Chinachem Charitable Foundation Ltd. . In a long-running case that often seemed like a soap opera , the court heard details about the bizarre rituals associated with feng shui , adultery and the long love affair between one of Asia 's most eccentric tycoons and a man 23 years her junior . Wang was the widow of Hong Kong industrialist Teddy Wang , who was kidnapped in 1990 and has never been seen since . Authorities declared him legally dead in 1999 . The Wangs ' Chinachem Group earned the family billions in property deals and was Hong Kong 's largest private property developer . Chan , a former bartender and self-taught feng shui master , who is married with children , told the court Wang hired him in 1992 to find her missing husband . During testimony , the court heard how Wang ordered contractors to dig as many as 80 feng shui holes to be filled with pieces of jade at properties owned by Chinachem Group , according to a report in the South China Morning Post . Feng shui -- which literally translates as "  wind-water " in English -- is a Chinese system of geomancy or divination that relies strongly on the orientation of buildings or objects to retain auspicious "  qi " or energy . Many corporate buildings in Hong Kong are situated according to the tenets of feng shui . A court judgment said Chan had received about HK$ 2.1 billion  $ 27 million  from her between 2005 and 2006 . His lawyers contended the payments were intended to groom him for managing her estate . The South China Morning Post reported that Chan had recently renounced the practice of feng shui and converted to Christianity , also changing his name to Peter Chan . Reports said the court heard for the first time how Chan had 10 previous criminal convictions relating to credit cards applications in which he claimed to be a qualified medical doctor working in public hospitals . He was fined $ HK20 ,000  $ 2,600  in 1986 after pleading guilty to 10 counts , including obtaining property by deception and obtaining services by deception .	Former lover of billionaire Nina Wang , Peter Chan , sentenced to 12 years ' jail for forgery Chan , 53 , claimed he was employed as a feng shui master by Wang to find her missing husband He claimed Wang 's will had made him the main beneficiary of her $ 4 billion fortune Justice Andrew Macrae in sentencing describes Chan as a "  clever and beguiling charlatan "
Travel + Leisure  -- Climbing up the spiral stairs and through a stone tower to our room , we notice a passageway . "  Where do you suppose it goes ? " asks my wife , Sandra , as she signals me to follow her . Stop for coffee and cake at the 11th-century Hornberg Castle hotel-restaurant in Neckarzimmern . We emerge atop a medieval parapet . On our left is the steeply banked Rhine Valley and the vineyards that line the winding Rhine River ; to our right is a medieval inner courtyard with a multilevel patchwork of Romanesque arches , half-timbered chambers and tumbledown stonework . I 'd first stumbled upon the Schönburg Castle Hotel while traveling through Germany 's Middle Rhine Valley four years earlier . The 13th-century fortress had struck me as one of the most hauntingly romantic places in Europe . And so here we are on our honeymoon , the first leg of a two-week journey through the Rhine Valley : south along the Burgenstrasse  "  Castle Road "  , to the Romantische Strasse  appropriately , "  Romantic Road "  , then north toward the vibrant city of Weimar . Oberwesel to Heidelberg : 90 miles From the Frankfurt Airport , we drive an hour northwest to the town of Oberwesel , contending with jet lag and a torrential downpour . As the Schönburg Castle Hotel comes into view , however , the unforgiving weather subsides and we forget our desperate need for sleep . Travel + Leisure : Guide to Germany 's Rhineland Darkened by storm clouds , the crumbling fortress commands the valley with a sphinxlike gravitas . Its stones have survived countless histories : throughout the Middle Ages wealthy nobles lived here , accumulating monies from river traffic tolls ; during the 17th-century Palatinate Heritage War , the French Army set the castle on fire ; it was abandoned for more than two centuries until , in the late 1800 's , an American of German descent purchased the property and sold it to another family , who turned it into a hotel in the 1950 's . Our wood-paneled room , an octagonal chamber at the top of the highest tower in the hotel , resembles an officer 's quarters on a sailing ship : the bed is built into a windowed alcove , high off the floor , so we have to climb a semicircular stepladder to reach it . A doorway leads to a tiny stone balcony overlooking the valley . I ca n't help thinking of Rapunzel locked away in her belfry . With the castle as our base , we explore the Middle Rhine , stopping at small villages along the valley floor and amid the forests on the plateau above the river . At the Historische Weinwirtschaft  "  Historical Wine Inn "  , a stone-walled restaurant with a wood-beamed ceiling , dogs and children run around freely , popping up every so often at our table , which had been made from an old wooden bed . The place strikes me as the very essence of Heimat , the peculiarly German nostalgia for connection with home and homeland . The notion is reflected in the food we eat -- the ingredients of our sauerbraten have been raised a literal stone 's throw away -- and the welcoming , laid-back staff are locals . The road heading south of Oberwesel takes us to the university town of Heidelberg , with its stone-arched bridges spanning the Neckar River and the grand , 12th-century Heidelberg Castle perched above the town on a high promontory . Sandra and I trek up a narrow cobblestoned alley , past gabled stone houses with ancient doorways , and through a lush green park until we reach the castle . What was once a thick-walled tower now stands torn in half , the remnants of centuries of warfare . But as old ruins always do , the broken masonry now radiates calm in the cool autumn sunlight . Heidelberg to Rothenburg ob der Tauber : 100 miles East of Heidelberg , the Castle Road follows the course of the Neckar , along which castles emerge from the crests of hills like capped mushrooms . We excitedly count each one , like kids on a road trip spotting license plates . At the town of Neckarzimmern , in the Tauber Valley , we pull a hard left to Hornberg Castle , an 11th-century keep , where we stop for coffee and cake on the castle 's terrace , with a view of the red-roofed village below . The walled city of Rothenburg ob der Tauber is one of the few towns in the Tauber Valley that has remained virtually untouched since the 17th century . And for the next couple of days , we stay on its main street in a storied old pile called the Hotel Eisenhut . Travel + Leisure : The world 's best hotels Once among the most prosperous towns in Germany , Rothenburg suffered an outbreak of the plague in the early 1600s and was sacked soon after in the Thirty Years ' War . The town never recovered , and as a consequence , little was built ; the city is a medieval time capsule of half-timbered houses and arched gateways that pass through the bases of stone towers . Despite being a picture-perfect town full of tourists , Rothenburg , truth be told , is not the most exciting place . It is , however , known for the Restaurant Mittermeier . In the busy basement enoteca , decidedly less pricey and formal than the fine-dining room upstairs , dark walnut tables are full of hip young locals ; it 's like being back in the 21st century . The owner , 42-year-old Christian Mittermeier , is a voluble , bearlike man who apprenticed as a butcher as a teenager , before managing a small hotel just outside of town . After a glass of red wine and some goat ragoût , we ask his advice on the best vineyard in the region to visit . "  Mine ! " he says . "  Meet me at nine tomorrow morning and I 'll take you myself . " Rothenburg ob der Tauber to Weimar : 165 miles True to his word , Mittermeier shows up the next morning , and together we drive north through pastureland and orchards brimming with apples and pears -- it 's no wonder the Germans call this the Romantische Strasse . Up the side of a steep ridge sits Mittermeier 's winery , Tauberzell , where we try the Riesling grapes and take in the valley below . Travel + Leisure : 10 unexpected U.S. wine trails "  There is the Tauber River , which means fish ; the mill , which means grain and bread ; the fields with sheep , which means meat and wool ; and beyond , the village , " he says . "  From this one spot , I can see everything that is important to me , and no factory in sight . It must have been like this 500 years ago . " On the way back , Mittermeier insists we stop at Mainbernheim village , where his cousin owns a hotel-restaurant called Gasthof Zum Falken . It 's a Thursday , one of the two days each week when his cousin , Lars Zwick , makes fresh bratwurst from pork butchered in town . Zwick serves each of us a pair of perfectly grilled sausages over sauerkraut , with a glass of local Riesling , before we head out . After dropping Mittermeier back in Rothenburg , we drive north on the Romantische Strasse toward Weimar , a town of an altogether different provenance . If Rothenburg is a time machine to the Middle Ages , then Weimar is a portal to the Enlightenment ; J. S. Bach and Franz Liszt both lived in the city center during some of their most productive years . As we cruise down the tree-lined streets , the country 's genteel past comes to life , with stately slate-roofed houses rising from walled-in yards . The Bauhaus movement was founded here in 1919 . Judging by its modern interiors , you would never suspect that our hotel , the 313-year-old Hotel Elephant , was once the preferred meeting spot for intellectuals like Goethe . For dinner , we head to the nearby Anno 1900 , a Beaux-Arts-style pavilion jutting out from the side of the historic Hotel Anna Amalia . Franz Kafka lived in the hotel building in 1912 , as did his longtime friend Max Brod . Outside , the weather has turned cool and crisp . I pull Sandra close and together we set off , our footfalls echoing off the cobblestones . Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Author travels along Germany 's Romantic and Castle roads for honeymoon Schönburg Castle Hotel housed wealthy noble in the Middle Ages Rothenburg ob der Tauber has remained virtually untouched since the 17th century The town of Weimar is a portal to the Enlightenment
CNN  -- The cigarette companies -- and , boy , it 's hard to say this -- may turn out to be right . Not "  right " in the sense we usually think of the word . The death , suffering and heartache that cigarettes have brought to millions of families is no longer in serious dispute . But in the courts right now , it is beginning to look as if those gruesome , graphic warning illustrations that were supposed to be plastered all over packs of cigarettes might not happen after all . You know the illustrations -- there has been abundant advance publicity about them . A photograph of a diseased lung , a picture of a tracheotomy hole in a man 's throat , an illustration of a man with his bare chest surgically stitched up , a picture of rotting teeth . The full-color illustrations were mandated by the government to cover the entire top half of the front and back of every package of cigarettes . They were intended to be so revolting and so visually inescapable that potential customers would turn away . But five tobacco manufacturers have argued in federal court that what the government has ordered is in violation of the First Amendment . The cigarette companies say that freedom of speech must not be trampled upon -- and that for the government to tell private companies what large , ugly , dominant illustrations they must print on their packages is an infringement upon basic American principles . The government derives the power to do this from the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act of 2009 , which was enacted by Congress . The R.J. Reynolds Co. , manufacturer of Camel , Kool , Winston and Salem cigarettes , has said that the government-ordered images are "  intended to elicit loathing , disgust and repulsion . " U.S. District Judge Richard Leon appears to believe the cigarette manufacturers have a strong case . Back in November he issued a temporary injunction that blocked the forced publication of the images . At a hearing this month , he said : "  There 's nothing on the record to suggest that Congress gave any clear and thoughtful analysis on the First Amendment implications of this . " He promised to have a final ruling soon . No matter how much many of us may dislike what cigarettes have done to the nation 's health , the First Amendment argument is a compelling one . The government risks setting a troubling precedent when , regardless of how laudable the intentions , it tells someone -- either a person or a company -- that it must say and show things that aggressively advocate against the person 's or company 's own interests . That 's the slipperiest of slopes to start sliding down . What about the text-only warning labels that have appeared on packs of cigarettes for decades ? The cigarette companies have never liked them either , of course . But the argument in court is that there is a legal distinction between requiring labels that state facts and requiring illustrations that serve to actively advocate against the purchase of the product . The government believes that public health concerns are paramount ; the cigarette companies contend that nothing outweighs free speech . The tobacco manufacturers , as we all know , have long made ample use of their own free speech . Some of the old advertisements for cigarettes , when you come upon them now , are simply astonishing . I recently saw a November 1936 national magazine advertisement for Camels , which presented cheerful , colorfully illustrated , course-by-course instructions on how to smoke five cigarettes at the table during Thanksgiving dinner to achieve "  the peaceful feeling that comes from good digestion and smoking Camels . " Among the tips : Start with tomato soup and "  smoke a Camel right after the soup . " Before asking for a second helping of turkey , "  smoke another Camel . Camels ease tension . " After the salad course , another Camel , which "  clears the palate and sets the stage for dessert . " It goes on . In 1954 , when health concerns about cigarettes were gaining momentum , the Old Gold brand took out a double-spread national magazine ad that all but mocked the medical evidence . "  America , we love you ! " the ad began . "  Thanks again for putting your trust in the cigarette made by tobacco men ... not medicine men ... We promise ! Old Gold will continue to cure just one thing : the world 's best tobaccos ... Smoke Old Golds for a treat instead of a treatment . " If , in 2012 , cigarettes were a new prescription drug , or a new over-the-counter medication , or a new snack , and the government knew what it knows now about the health ramifications , such a product would never be approved for consumer use . It would be yanked from the shelves right away . But cigarettes are n't a new product . They have a history of being sold legally . So the government is telling the manufacturers that they must run those illustrations to drive people away . Will it transpire -- will the government get its way ? Or will the cigarette companies ' First Amendment argument prevail ? It has long been axiomatic that free speech stops at the right to yell "  Fire ! " in a crowded theater . But do cigarette marketers have the unfettered right to enthusiastically yell "  Smoke ! " to a crowded nation ? You can almost bet that this one is going to end up in front of the U.S. Supreme Court . What a case it will be . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Cigarette companies fighting a government mandate ; they may be right They say requiring them to show graphic warnings on packs hurts free speech Whatever you think about scourge of cigarettes , their argument is compelling , he says Greene : Cigarette companies have long pushed a dangerous product . Do they have the right ?
CNN  -- Egyptian authorities have charged seven Coptic Christians living in the United States and a Florida pastor with insulting Islam and inciting sectarian strife for their alleged links to an online video that has enraged much of the Muslim world . Egypt 's public prosecutor announced the charges Tuesday , the latest development in the deadly backlash against the low-budget , amateurish 14-minute movie trailer produced privately in the United States and posted on YouTube . The clip from "  The Innocence of Muslims " mocks the Muslim Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer , child molester and killer . Belief : Controversy shines light on Coptic Christianity "  Innocence of Muslims " was an obscure Internet video until September 11 , when rioters , seizing on it , breached the U.S. Embassy in Cairo . Protesters also attacked the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , killing U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans . The charges -- largely symbolic because the accused all live outside Egypt -- name alleged filmmaker Nakoula Basseley Nakoula , who is identified by Egyptian officials as Elia Bassili . Reports that Nakoula is a Coptic Christian have raised concern about a possible backlash against the minority religious group in Egypt , where tensions between Copts and Muslims have risen recently . Egypt also charged Morris Sadek , who is believed to have posted the clip to YouTube . The Florida pastor charged is Terry Jones , who was allegedly contacted by the filmmaker to help promote the video . Jones sparked some protests in Muslim countries last year when he staged a trial of Islam at his church . The others accused were identified as Morcos Aziz ; Fikri Zokloma , also known as Esmat Zokloma ; Nabil Bissada ; Nahed Metwali ; and Nader Nicola . Aside from Nakoula , who lives in California , and Jones in Florida , it was not clear where the others live in the United States . Opinion : Anti-Islam video does not represent Coptic community In addition to charges of insulting the Islamic religion , insulting Mohammed and inciting sectarian strife , all eight are charged with harming national unity and spreading false information , according to Adel Saaed , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office . Egyptian authorities added the names to their airport watch list . Prosecutors said they will ask the international police agency , Interpol , to add the names to its wanted lists . U.S. authorities would also be contacted , according to prosecutors . Although Washington has made it clear that it did not sanction the film , a week of protests have rippled from Morocco to Malaysia , spurring U.S. officials to increase security at diplomatic missions and demand other governments to take action . Sherif Doss , head of the Egyptian Coptic Association , said the accused Copts have created their own "  cult-like " organization in the United States , have appointed their own minister and are "  disregarding any church or religious norms . " Here are the latest key developments : Call to kill Americans As part of the fallout from the video , al Qaeda 's affiliate in North Africa on Tuesday urged Muslims in the region to kill U.S. government representatives and called the death of Stevens a "  gift . " "  We encourage all Muslims to continue to demonstrate and escalate their protests ... and to kill their  American  ambassadors and representatives or to expel them to cleanse our land from their wickedness , " said the statement from al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . The group called last week 's killing of Stevens "  the best gift you  can  give to his arrogant and unjust administration . " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland reiterated the Obama administration 's stance that video , which she called "  reprehensible , " was no justification for violence . Actor : Maker of anti-Islam film ` was playing us along ' The man behind the anti-Islam film Video purportedly shows Libyans rushing to aid Stevens Investigation into ambassador 's killing U.S. and Libyan officials have held a series of high-level meetings to "  assess what went wrong " in Benghazi , a senior Libyan official said Tuesday . Some of the U.S. officials had flown in for the meetings , which included security experts . Following the attack , Libya suspected an increase in U.S. drone activity over eastern portions of the country and were worried the Obama administration would take military action because of domestic political considerations , the official told CNN . Mohamed al-Magariaf , newly elected president of Libya 's parliament , spoke with the White House "  to contain the situation , " the official said . The official said the government urged the Americans to work together "  in full partnership " because any military action during this "  fragile and sensitive situation " would give "  an excuse " to the two main threats to the state : extremists and loyalists to the deposed Gadhafi regime . The official expressed concern with the deteriorating regional picture . "  They  the United States  are losing Egypt , if they lose Libya ... they and we can not afford to lose our partnership . " CNN correspondent Brianna Keilar pressed the White House on Tuesday on whether the Libya attack was planned or spontaneous . "  We saw no evidence to back up claims by others that this was a preplanned or premeditated attack , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said . "  But there is a lot that is under investigation here , and as more facts come to light , if they change that assessment , we 'll make that clear . " Libya has taken steps to arrest those responsible for last week 's deadly consulate attack , bringing in dozens for questioning over the weekend , Libyan officials said . The exact number of arrests was unclear . One Libyan official said those arrested included suspects from Mali and Algeria as well as al Qaeda sympathizers . Ambassador 's last moments Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Tuesday that FBI agents had arrived in Tripoli . They had delayed entering the country a few days while the situation remained especially volatile . The United States is looking at security at all diplomatic posts and will augment it at specific locations if necessary , Clinton told reporters . Where Obama , Romney stand on foreign policy challenges Fareed 's Take : Protest images do not tell the whole story Media for Christ leader says he was duped A man who allowed his studio to be used for 10 days for the making of "  Innocence of Muslims " said he was misled by the person behind the film . Joseph Nassralla , president of Media for Christ , based in Southern California , said the ensuing controversy over the anti-Islam film brought him death threats and forced him into hiding . In a statement , Nassralla criticized Nakoula , the alleged filmmaker . Nakoula told him he was making a movie about Christian persecution that "  would examine the culture of the desert and how it is related to what is going on right now , " said Nassralla . "  Nakoula altered the film without anyone 's knowledge , changing its entire focus and dubbing in new dialogue ... " said Nassralla , who who also runs a satellite TV station in Los Angeles . "  The final product ... bore no resemblance to the film I thought he was making , or the film the actors thought they were creating . We were shocked . " Nakoula denied that he made the film , according to Bishop Serapion , the head of the Coptic Orthodox Diocese of Los Angeles , citing a phone conversation with him last week . At a news conference Monday , the Coptic leader condemned violence by protesters which , he said , "  only serves to continue the hate . " Nassralla said his interest is calling attention to "  bloody persecution of the Copts . " He said his only involvement in the finished film was allowing use of his facilities . Nassralla 's statement was provided to CNN by blogger Pamela Geller , who posted it on her website after receiving it from Nassralla . Geller is author of "  Stop the Islamization of America . " Suicide attacks in Afghanistan Taliban-allied insurgent groups claimed responsibility for two suicide attacks that killed 13 people , including eight South Africans , in Afghanistan . The first attack was a response to the film , one of the groups said . Hezb-e-Islami Gulbuddin , a group allied with the Taliban , said a 22-year-old woman drove a car packed with 660 pounds  300 kilograms  of explosives into a van on a road leading to Kabul International Airport . Eleven others were wounded in the attack , the Afghan Interior Ministry said . In Kunar province , the Taliban claimed responsibility for a suicide attack that killed an Afghan civilian and wounded four people , including three International Security Assistance Force troops , according to Wasifullah Wasifi , a spokesman for the provincial governor 's office . State Department spokeswoman Nuland on Tuesday described the first Afghan attack as "  piling on . " "  We are seeing a lot of extremist activity trying to exploit the sentiments from this video to gin up folks to violence and try to use that as an excuse for things that might otherwise have been planned for their otherwise rejectionist agendas , " Nuland said . "  So , that is very concerning , this sort of spoiler , pile-on agenda that is happening now . " The escalating tensions have spilled into NATO military operations in the central Asia nation , prompting the alliance to order its troops to adjust joint operations with Afghan security forces to minimize attacks on them by their local allies . "  Recent events outside of and inside Afghanistan related to the ` Innocence of Muslims ' video plus the conduct of recent insider attacks have given cause for ISAF troops to exercise increased vigilance and carefully review all activities and interactions with the local population , " a spokeswoman for NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . The operations with Afghan forces could increase as the "  threat level " goes down , she said . More protests • About 100 demonstrators gathered Tuesday near a U.S. diplomatic facility in Medan , Indonesia , the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta reported on its website . Indonesian authorities were deploying about 150 police officers to the Medan protest and adding security outside the U.S. facility in Jakarta , although no protests were taking place there , the embassy said . • In Indian-administered Kashmir , a general strike flared , shutting down businesses , public transport and most government operations , with reports of sporadic violence . A coalition of religious parties and separatist groups called the strike as a protest against the video . • In Thailand , a peaceful crowd protested in heavy rain in front of the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok for about 90 minutes Tuesday , the Bangkok Post newspaper reported . No violence was reported , the newspaper said . U.S. officials were aware of the planned protest and made plans to close the building to the public and send home nonessential personnel , the embassy said on its website . • In Iran , students at universities staged protest rallies Tuesday against the film and the United States . They chanted "  Death to the U.S. " and "  Death to Israel , " the semiofficial Fars News Agency reported . Opinion : Should Google censor film ? CNN 's Mohamed Fadel Fahmy , Mukhtar Ahmad , Jomana Karadsheh , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Miguel Marquez , Anna Coren , Nasir Habib , Reza Sayah , Jessica King , Chelsea J. Carter , Tom Watkins , Greg Botelho and journalist Farid Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : Head of Media for Christ said he was duped by filmmaker U.S. , Libyan officials discuss what happened in Benghazi Egypt charges maker of anti-Islamic film , seven others Al Qaeda urges killing of U.S. government representatives across Muslim lands
CNN  -- Four past or present New Orleans Saints players were suspended Wednesday by the National Football League for their roles in the "  bountygate " scandal involving bonuses for trying to hurt opponents . The league announced that Scott Fujita , Anthony Hargrove , Will Smith and Jonathan Vilma were suspended without pay for varying lengths of time . The NFL previously suspended Saints coach Sean Payton for the 2012 season while levying an indefinite suspension on former Saints defensive coordinator Gregg Williams , who was accused of masterminding the bonus program . Vilma , a linebacker who is still with the Saints , got suspended for a year , and teammate Smith , a defensive end , got a four-game suspension . Fujita , a linebacker with the Cleveland Browns , was suspended for three games while Hargrove , a defensive lineman now with the Green Bay Packers , got an eight-game suspension . "  It is the obligation of everyone , including the players on the field , to ensure that rules designed to promote player safety , fair play , and the integrity of the game are adhered to and effectively and consistently enforced , " NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said in a statement announcing the suspensions . "  Respect for the men that play the game starts with the way players conduct themselves with each other on the field . " The statement said evidence reviewed by the league "  demonstrated that from 2009-11 Saints players of their own accord pledged significant amounts of their own money toward bounties , that players accepted payments for ` cart-offs ' and ` knockouts ' of injured opposing players , and that the payout amounts doubled and tripled for playoff games . " Vilma was a captain of the defensive unit under Williams and assisted in creating and funding the bounty program , the NFL statement said . "  Multiple independent sources also confirmed that Vilma offered a specific bounty -- $ 10,000 in cash -- to any player who knocked Arizona quarterback Kurt Warner out of the 2009 Divisional Playoff Game and later pledged the same amount to anyone who knocked Minnesota quarterback Brett Favre out of the 2009 NFC Championship Game the following week , " the statement said . Hargrove "  actively participated in the program " as a Saint and obstructed the league 's investigation by "  being untruthful , " the statement said , while Fujita pledged "  a significant amount of money " to the program . Smith , a captain of the defensive unit , helped Williams with the program and pledged money for it , according to the statement . All four players can appeal the suspensions and would be entitled to a hearing and representation by counsel , the statement said . DeMaurice Smith , executive director of the NFL Players Association , said the organization would help the players fight the suspensions . "  After seeing the NFL 's decision letters , the NFLPA has still not received any detailed or specific evidence from the league of these specific players ' involvement in an alleged pay-to-injure program , " Smith said in a statement . "  We have made it clear that punishment without evidence is not fair . We have spoken with our players and their representatives and we will vigorously protect and pursue all options on their behalf . " In addition to the suspensions of Williams and Payton , the Saints were fined $ 500,000 and required to forfeit their second-round selections in the 2012 and 2013 NFL drafts . The NFL also previously announced the suspensions of Saints General Manager Mickey Loomis for the first eight regular-season games of the 2012 season and Saints assistant head coach Joe Vitt for the first six regular-season games The program involved as many as 27 players and at least one assistant coach , the league concluded after an investigation . Players regularly contributed cash to a pool , which may have topped $ 50,000 at its peak . The players were paid $ 1,500 for a "  knockout , " when an opposing player was not able to return to the game , and $ 1,000 for a "  cart-off , " when an opposing player had to be carried off the field . In some cases , particular players on the opposing team were targeted , the NFL said . After the program was reported on , Payton and Loomis said they took "  full responsibility " for the practice , which they said "  happened under our watch . "	NEW : The NFL Players Association challenges the suspensions Two of the suspended players are now with different teams The suspensions are the latest by the NFL in the scandal over bounties The league previously suspended a coach and a former defensive coordinator
CNN  -- Barack Obama touched hearts during an impassioned speech to a 200,000-strong crowd in Berlin , German newspapers agreed , but suspicions remain about the White House contender 's motives for courting a European audience . Barack Obama addressed a huge and friendly crowd in Berlin on Thursday . Berlin 's Der Tagesspiegel wondered whether so many young people had ever gathered for a political event in Germany and said that Obama 's address -- which echoed speeches by former U.S. presidents John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan when the divided city was in the Cold War frontline -- could only have been made in the German capital . "  Barack Obama 's address might not have been statesmanlike and it definitely was n't worldly-wise . But with its symbolism and the message of this 46-year-old , it certainly was the signal of a new era for a new generation on both sides of the Atlantic , " the newspaper said . "  What better thing could have happened to us than the potential next president of the U.S. sending this message to the world from here ? " Obama moved on from Germany to France on Friday where he was due to hold talks with President Nicolas Sarkozy . He is also slated to meet British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and opposition leader David Cameron in London later Friday . German tabloid Bild said Obama had articulated his version of the American dream -- the idea that politics can change the world : "  Unlike George W. Bush , he wants to do this in cooperation with others , especially Europe . That 's his message from Berlin : Let 's try this together ! " But Bild warned that an Obama presidency would place fresh demands on traditional allies such as Germany , which fell out with Washington over the war in Iraq and has refused to contribute combat troops to NATO operations in Afghanistan . iReport.com : View photos from the scene "  He did n't say what he expects , but it 's not hard to figure it out . He 'll call for more German participation during international crises ; he 'll call for more German soldiers , " said Bild . But it concluded : "  No matter how you might feel about this : A President Obama would be Germany 's friend -- and a fan of Berlin ! " Munich 's Sueddeutsche Zeitung sounded a more cautious note , warning that an Obama presidency would be "  expensive for Germany . " "  He explicitly called for German soldiers for Afghanistan -- he did not say ` more soldiers ' but that was what he meant , " said commentator Reymer Kluever . "  And Obama also indicated this : he will want support as president to wind up the Iraq adventure . " The paper noted too that the speech had been intended less for the crowds gathered in Berlin 's Tiergarten park than for "  hesitant white voters in Ohio and Pennsylvania , Colorado and Virginia " and said that Obama had proved himself to be a clever tactician , capable of shifting positions to suit his audience . "  He wants to convince  voters  that the world will also listen to a black president ... And there 's one other thing one should n't forget when talking about Obama : He easily reworks even positions that have been written in stone and adjusts to new requirements . " But nobody in the German press appears to have been quite as smitten by their visitor as Bild reporter Judith Bonesky , who had the opportunity to work out with Obama in the gym of the Ritz Carlton Hotel earlier in the day . "  Obama  with toned arms and a strong back  puts on his headphones for his iPod to listen to pop music . He hums quietly . Then he jumps on a fitness bike . He pushes three times on the pedals -- but then ca n't be bothered with it . "  He picks up a pair of 16 kilo weights and starts curling them with his left and right arms , 30 repetitions on each side . Then , amazingly , he picks up the 32 kilo weights ! Very slowly he lifts them , first 10 curls with his right , then 10 with his left . Quickly I ask : "  Mr. Obama , could I take a photo ? " . "  Of course ! " he answers , before asking my name and coming over to stand next to me . "  My name 's Judith " I reply . "  I 'm Barack Obama , nice to meet you ! " he says , and puts his arm across my shoulder . I put my arm around his hip -- wow , he did n't even sweat ! WHAT A MAN ! "	German papers agree that Barack Obama won hearts with Berlin speech Der Tagesspiegel : Obama 's speech a "  signal of a new era for a new generation " But question marks hang over White House contender 's motives Papers say Obama will demand more German troops for Afghanistan
Mental Floss  -- The legend of Jack Daniel reaches all the way back to the moment he was born . Unfortunately , nobody knows exactly when that was . Jack Daniel believed the more memorable his image , the more memorable his whiskey . Some records show that Jasper Newton "  Jack " Daniel came into the world on September 5 , 1846 . His tombstone , however , says 1850 . Strange , because his mother died in 1847 . All of this might not normally matter , but Jack 's birth date is important to his overall legend , which proudly proclaims him "  the boy distiller . " So perhaps it 's best we begin when Jack was first introduced to whiskey , which we know was early in life . Leaving home at a young age , Jack struck out on his own with nothing more than a handful of items valued at $ 9 . He ended up at the home of Dan Call , a preacher at a nearby Lutheran church and the owner of a general store . There , Reverend Call also happened to sell whiskey that he distilled himself . Jack quickly became determined to learn the craft . In fact , many storytellers claim the boy wonder bought the still from Call and began pursuing the business full-time at the ripe age of 16 . If that legend is true , then Jack began selling his own Tennessee whiskey only three years later ; the famous black labels on the company bottles proudly pronounce , "  Established and Registered in 1866 . " In reality , no documents support that myth . Jack may have been a teenage moonshiner , but he did n't register his business with the federal government until 1875 . And by then , Jack would have been the more booze-appropriate age of 29 . The maker makes his mark Whatever legends exist , one thing is certain : Jack Daniel had a brilliant mind for marketing . Even as a youngster , Jack understood that if people remembered him , they would remember his whiskey . To that end , he decked himself out in a formal knee-length coat , a vest , a tie , and a wide-brim planter 's hat , and was never caught out of "  uniform " again . Jack also established the Jack Daniel 's Silver Cornet Band -- a 10-member outfit solely devoted to promoting his whiskey across the countryside . With uniforms and instruments from the Sears & Roebuck catalog and a specially designed wagon for traveling , Jack made sure the band played every saloon opening , Fourth of July celebration , and political rally around . But perhaps Jack 's most brilliant decision concerned how to present his whiskey . From the beginning , Jack had been one of the first sellers to stencil his distillery name on his whiskey jugs . Next , he upgraded to round , custom-embossed bottles . But when a glass salesman showed him a prototype square bottle in 1895 , Jack realized he 'd stumbled upon something unique . The new bottles not only stood out from the crowd , but also had a shape that would prevent them from rolling around and breaking during transport . In addition , the square look reinforced the idea that Jack was a square dealer who put honest work and high standards first . Whatever effort Jack Daniel put into his marketing , he never let quality slip . In 1904 , the distiller decided on a whim to enter his whiskey in the taste competition at the St. Louis World 's Fair . It came as little surprise when he won . Lucky No. 7 Perhaps Jack 's greatest coup was the name he gave his high-quality product -- Old No. 7 . Naturally , nobody seems to know why . The official historian at the Jack Daniel Distillery today says it 's the most oft-asked question on factory tours . As you might imagine , many theories have been advanced . Jack had seven girlfriends . Jack believed the number seven was lucky . Jack was honoring a merchant friend who owned seven stores that distributed Jack 's liquor . Jack misplaced a batch of whiskey for seven years and , upon finding it , labeled it "  Old No. 7 . " None of these stories , however , makes as much sense as the less-than-sexy explanation from Jack Daniel biographer Peter Krass . Simply put , Jack was originally assigned a district tax assessment number of 7 . But when the IRS consolidated districts within Tennessee , they arbitrarily reassigned him the number 16 . Jack did n't want to confuse his loyal consumers , and he certainly did n't want to bend to the government , so he began labeling his bottles "  Old No. 7 . " More than 125 years later , this act of defiance still makes his labels stand out . Jack without Jill Jack Daniel never married . Some say it 's because he was married to his work ; others say it 's because he never found a girl who measured up to his high standards . Or perhaps it 's just that he was too busy catering to the greater Lynchburg population -- throwing elaborate Christmas feasts , hosting exquisite costume parties in his second-story ballroom , and donating money to every church in Moore County . But by all accounts , Jack was quite a ladies ' man . He was a perfect dance partner , a polite conversationalist , and a fantastic gift-giver . Unfortunately , he also gravitated toward girls young enough to be his daughter  or even granddaughter  . Once , Jack even asked for a woman 's hand in marriage , but her father denied him -- partly because Jack enjoyed keeping his own legend alive and always hesitated to reveal his true birth date . When Jack proposed , her father made it clear that any man unwilling to disclose his age was "  a little too old for such a young girl . " The early bird gets the gangrene Hard as it might be to believe , in the end , the great distiller actually died from getting to work too early . As the story goes , one morning in 1906 , Jack arrived at his office before anybody else . He tried to access the company safe , but had a terrible time remembering the code . After a few frustrating minutes , he kicked the safe as hard as he could . He badly bruised his left foot and immediately began to walk with a limp . The limp only grew worse with time , and he later discovered the injury had led to blood poisoning . Then came gangrene , then amputation , and then , five years later , death . It 's not the happiest ending for the story , or the clearest cut , but it is the best , because it adds to the mystery and mystique of Jack Daniel . As they say , where facts can not be found , legends fill the empty space and that 's perfectly fine for the keepers of the company flame . After all , as Jack himself believed , the more memorable his image , the more memorable his whiskey . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	To this day , nobody knows exactly when Jack Daniel was born Daniel 's "  uniform " : formal knee-length coat , vest , tie , and a wide-brim planter 's hat Origin of "  No. 7 " : Daniel was assigned a district tax assessment number of 7 Daniel died from complications of gangrene from an injury to his foot
CNN  -- The University of California San Diego has suspended a student who admitted to hanging a noose in a campus library , school officials announced Friday . "  We are feeling real pain , and we will take real action , " said UCSD chancellor Marye Anne Fox told reporters . "  The safety of our students , faculty , and staff is my primary concern . " The student , whose identity was not released , admitted Friday to police at the University of California San Diego that she hung a noose Thursday night in the library , police said . "  Detectives have interviewed the student and taken a statement , " UCSD police said in a release . "  The investigation is ongoing as we continue to identify and interview witnesses . " After Thursday 's discovery , hundreds of people joined a campus rally to oppose racial intolerance . "  It 's OK to feel hurt and angry about this , " said one participant . "  We 've been silent for too long . " Watch iReport of campus protest One student said she feared for her safety . The student 's admission came the day after police were alerted to the presence of the noose in a library bookcase at the school . Fox said the admission was a result of "  pressure from our UC San Diego community . " "  This underscores the fact that our university is banding together , " she said . In a crime alert bulletin , police said they received several reports Thursday around 10:30 p.m. of the noose on the seventh floor of the Geisel Library . It was found hanging in an aisle facing windows . "  Officers spoke with people who were in the area , but no one witnessed the noose being placed on the bookcase , " police said in a campus notice . Hanging a noose with intent to terrorize is a crime , it noted . On Friday , the school announced several measures it was taking in response to recommendations from its Black Student Union . They include the establishment of a task force on minority faculty recruitment , a new commission to addressing declining African-American enrollment and finding space for an African-American resource center . "  I want to emphasize these are the initial steps , and I realize we have a lot of work ahead of us , " Fox said . The noose incident occurred two weeks after Black History Month was mocked in an off-campus party that was condemned by the school . It 's unclear how long the student is suspended for .	University suspends student who admits hanging noose in library Hundreds attend campus rally to oppose racial intolerance Incident comes weeks after Black History Month was mocked in off-campus party
CNN  -- A debate is raging over the tragic case of Justin Ross Harris , who left his 22-month-old boy , Cooper , in a car all day . Cooper perished , and now his father has been charged with murder and child cruelty . Some people call this a tragedy , and some call it a crime . Who is right ? Harris will appear in court Thursday to face a probable cause hearing in which the prosecution will try to convince a judge that it was indeed a crime . The defense will likely try to show that Harris ' act was simple negligence . Either way , the focus will be on why Cooper was left in the car -- and although this seems counterintuitive -- for the purposes of the criminal proceedings , the tragic death will not be material for determining guilt . To make the case that Harris committed premeditated first-degree murder by intentionally leaving his child in a car to die , the justice system will need to look at his prior history , both criminal and psychological , and consider any other acts that show a complete disregard -- or worse -- for the child . We should see some previous behavior consistent with his ability to act as one of the worst that we identify in our society : people capable of killing their own children . This behavior could include anger at the child or the child 's mother , pending divorce litigation , frustration at an illness the child suffers , financial distress or other stressful situations . The defense and the prosecution and law enforcement have to examine these considerations quickly . If they decide that Harris is not the worst among us -- if he is not someone guilty of filicide -- then the alternative is one of negligence . In this case , the cause of "  just forgetting his child in a car " needs to be analyzed . We as humans often want to reassess our decisions based upon the outcome . Deciding to stay late at work and then being involved in a major accident on the way home puts focus on whether or not you should have stayed late . Splurging for dessert after dinner and getting hit by a car while crossing the street suggests the dessert was significant . The reality is when that decision is made , it is almost always inconsequential . Nobody would have considered it significant if Harris had walked 10 paces away from his car toward his work and then remembered Cooper . The fact that a simply negligent mistake had devastating consequences does not , logically or rationally , make the act grossly negligent or criminal in and of itself . CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin bravely confessed in an opinion piece that she once left her child in the car , something she realized in horror a few moments later . Her baby was fine . It was simple negligence . If Harris ' mistake was one of simple negligence , that he truly just forgot to drop Cooper off at day care , then the question is : Should we make a simply negligent act that has significant consequences a criminal act because of those consequences ? That is an extraordinarily dangerous precedent to set . Thousands of cars get in accidents every day , most caused by simple negligence . Some are fender benders , some cause significant property damage , some cause simple injuries , some cause significant injuries and some end up with people dying . Our law is well settled in that context -- it is the negligent act that we focus on and not primarily the result . One concept that we use in all of our jurisprudence is the reasonable man theory . That is , most people are presumed to act in a reasonable way , with the term reasonable determined by our societal norms . We judge each other in many circumstances based upon whether or not we 've acted reasonably . The reasonable man concept appears in other aspects of criminal law . In self-defense cases , we seek to find if a person had reasonable fear of great bodily harm or death . In civil cases , such as in personal injury law , the difference between simple negligence and gross negligence has huge implications on a plaintiff 's chances to be awarded damages -- no matter how severely he or she suffered . To change a well-settled principle of law -- that we are to be judged on whether we acted reasonably or negligently independently from the consequences -- would be a dangerous alteration in the way we interact , not only in the court system , but as a society . Harris probably acted with simple negligence . If he did , he will deal with having been the cause of his son 's death for the rest of his life , but he should not be held criminally liable . There is one other possibility to consider . If Harris showed a reckless disregard for the consequences of his actions or a blatant indifference to his legal duties , then he may be guilty of gross negligence . If it is determined that Harris acted in a grossly negligent way , then he should be held criminally responsible . If the facts came forward that he left his son in the car because he was drunk , or because he wanted to go out and party , then a criminal negligence standard would be easy to reach . If I drive my car in a school zone five miles over the speed limit , and run over and kill a child , I am probably only acting in a simply negligent way . If I do so at 70 mph , I would be acting grossly negligently , and should be held criminally liable . We 've all been quick to judge Harris , and we 're going to have to wait for all the facts to come out before we can make an informed opinion . In this case , making an informed opinion means making a reasoned assessment regarding whether Harris acted on purpose , or whether it was negligence . We just have to be careful not to allow the tragic consequences of the act to influence how we judge the act itself .	Justin Ross Harris has been charged with murder , child cruelty after son died in hot car Mark O'Mara : We need to look at any prior behavior that shows complete disregard for son O'Mara : If there 's none , we look at negligence ; "  forgetting child " needs to be analyzed He says it 's wrong to judge a negligent act by consequences , no matter how bad
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Two 16-year-old Palestinian boys were killed and three other teens were injured in Gaza on Friday from an unexploded Israeli ordnance , Palestinian medical and security officials said . Hamas security sources say the explosive device was left over from Israel 's 22-day Gaza offensive that began two years ago . There was no immediate Israeli response to this incident . The Palestinian sources also reported the wounding of two people in Gaza , one a worker collecting gravel near the Erez Crossing and another a farmer east of Khan Younis . An Israel Defense Forces spokesman said Israeli forces fired shots when suspicious people approached the fence between Gaza and Israel in two separate locations . One incident occurred in northern Gaza and the other took place near Khan Younis . Troops first fired warning shots in the air but the people continued moving . Then , they fired at their legs , the IDF said .	The device was left over from the Gaza offensive In other incidents , two people were wounded
CNN  -- In focus : OPEC quota cuts OPEC , which pumps 40 percent of the world oil , is set to announce this week plans to cut its output when it meets in Oran , Algeria . CEO Naguib Sawiris is expanding his mobile phone services into North Korea , an area where few businessmen venture . The cut in crude is hoped to stabilize prices and will be the third cut in quotas since September . So what 's behind the supply cuts ? Is it just a matter of price stability ? Or is OPEC trying to protect the cost of future investments ? Facetime with Naguib Sawiris , Chairman and CEO of Orascom Telecom Amidst the economic downturn , one company is venturing into markets where others fear to tread . Orascom launches its mobile phone services in North Korea this week . CEO Naguib Sawiris tells MME about the company 's ambitious expansion plans and the effects of the international financial crisis . Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0915 , 1945 Saturday : 0645 Sunday : 0815	OPEC , which supplies 40 percent of world oil plans on cutting more output This is the third cut since the fall and is supposed to stabilize prices-will it ? Or is OPEC just looking out for its own interests ? Plus , CEO Naguib Sawiris talks about his North Korea expansion plans
CNN  -- Planning to dress as a plain old witch or scarecrow this Halloween ? Sorry , that 's not going to cut it anymore . In the age of Internet memes , creative and punny costumes are becoming the norm . Dressed as Mitt Romney ? Boring . Dressed as "  binders full of women ? " Now that 's more like it ! At CNN iReport , we asked for your best photos of Internet-inspired costumes . From "  The Most Interesting Man in the World " to "  dog shaming , " you did n't disappoint . Click through the gallery above to see the cleverest costumes we received . CNN 's Jareen Imam and Rachel Rodriguez contributed to this story .	Internet memes are becoming increasingly popular as Halloween costumes Among the most popular meme costumes this year was "  binders full of women " Click through the gallery above to see clever and creative meme costumes CNN iReport : Dressing as a meme this Halloween ? Share a photo
Washington  CNN  -- Former presidential assailant John Hinckley Jr. should not be allowed to spend any unsupervised time during visits to his mother 's home in Virginia , according to a psychiatrist who first met Hinckley in the 1980s and interviewed him several times in recent months . Dr. Raymond Patterson testified in a federal court hearing on Wednesday he was concerned to learn that Hinckley sometimes did not follow the hospital-approved itinerary for how he would spend his few hours of unattended time while in Williamsburg , Virginia . In several instances , Hinckley was supposed to go to movies , skipped them and then later told doctors back at his mental hospital in Washington that he had attended the movies . "  He has gone out of his way to lie about it and then embellished the lie , " said Patterson . The psychiatrist said he questioned Hinckley in November about being dishonest about his activities , and that Hinckley minimized it and called it "  nitpicking . " Hinckley , now 56 , was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the March 1981 shooting of President Ronald Reagan , his press secretary James Brady , Secret Service Agent Timothy McCarthy and Washington police Officer Thomas Delahanty . All four men survived , though Brady was permanently disabled and Delahanty 's wounds forced him to retire shortly afterward . Patterson said he had asked Hinckley about Secret Service reports Hinckley had gone into book stores and looked at shelves of history books which included volumes about presidential assassination . He said Hinckley maintained he never looked at those books . Patterson said he did n't know whether to believe him . Hinckley currently spends 10 days a month at his elderly mother 's home at a gated community . During those visits , he is allowed three hours of unsupervised time twice during his stay , although sometimes Secret Service agents are watching Hinckley without his knowledge . A federal judge is hearing testimony on St. Elizabeths ' plan to increase his time in Virginia to two visits of 17 days followed by six stays of 24 days . The hospital is seeking authority to decide after that whether Hinckley should then be released as a permanent outpatient . Dr. Patterson , the former director of forensic psychiatry at St. Elizabeths , told the court he opposes allowing any expansion of Hinckley 's trip beyond 17 days and said the unaccompanied time should end . Patterson said Hinckley engages in deception and has what he termed "  distorted relationships " with women . He said those are risk factors in analyzing whether he could become a danger to himself or others . Patterson said Hinckley lied to his parents and psychiatrists prior to the 1981 Reagan shooting . The doctor made a rare reference to actress Jodie Foster during these proceedings . It was Hinckley 's fixation on the actress that led him to shoot Reagan in an attempt to impress her . Patterson said that relationship was a delusion and noted that years after the assassination attempt -- in 1995 -- Hinckley said he was over his feelings for Foster . However , pictures of her were found in his room at St. Elizabeths at that time . Barry Levine , a lawyer for Hinckley , has said the main issue is whether Hinckley is dangerous and that no evidence has been presented to show that he is . Whenever the subject has come up about Hinckley looking at books on assassination , Levine has said there were many books in the history section and agents do n't know if Hinckley was looking at any books in particular . The hearing on whether Hinckley should get increased freedoms will resume on Monday .	Dr. Raymond Patterson testifies in federal court about John Hinckley Jr. 's behavior Patterson : Hinckley engages in deception and has "  distorted relationships " with women He was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the attempt on President Reagan 's life He currently spends 10 days a month at his elderly mother 's home at a gated community
CNN  -- Did a retired firefighter fall off an Amtrak train as it sped toward Chicago ? That is what authorities are wondering as they continue their search for Charlie Dowd , 69 , who has been missing since Friday . The retired San Francisco firefighter went missing while traveling to visit family , Amtrak police said . Dowd spoke to his son by cell phone Thursday night , saying he was just outside of Denver , according to his family . But when his train arrived in Chicago on Friday , he was not on it . His luggage , cell phone and medication were found in his sleeping car , the family said on a Facebook page they set up to find him . "  It is torture not knowing where he is . Torture , " his daughter , Jennifer Dowd , told CNN affiliate KMTV . Amtrak officials told the family that a door of the train was found ajar and passengers saw him acting disoriented near a door , the daughter said . Amtrak officials said he could have fallen off the train somewhere between Colorado and Nebraska , Jennifer Dowd told the affiliate . Family members flew to the area and are searching for him . Dowd takes medication for high blood pressure and heart disease , his daughter said The family asks anyone with information to contact Amtrak Police or the family on a Facebook page they set up for him . Crews search after cruise passenger goes overboard	Charlie Dowd was on his way from San Francisco last week He was not on the train when it arrived in Chicago Police found his phone , luggage and medication on board His family says he was seen looking disoriented near the door of the train
CNN  -- I first became involved with the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation  EGPAF  five years ago , when I traveled to Tanzania to take photographs and film a documentary about EGPAF 's work in Africa . Today , I continue to be inspired by the mothers , health workers , volunteers and government officials I met during my travels who remain dedicated to stopping this deadly virus from infecting another generation . But more than an inspiration , my trip to Tanzania was an education . I learned that not only is pediatric HIV almost 100 % preventable , but that we have tools available to achieve an AIDS-free generation within this lifetime . By giving an HIV-positive pregnant woman access to antiretroviral therapy  ART  during pregnancy and breastfeeding , we can almost ensure that her baby will be born and remain HIV-free . Sadly , many of the women and children who need these crucial services still do n't receive them . According to the 2013 UNAIDS Global Report , 700 children are infected with HIV every day . Most contract the virus from their mothers during pregnancy , childbirth or breastfeeding . And only one third of those children currently have access to the medications that will help them remain healthy . Another UNAIDS report from 2012 says without ART , half of all HIV-positive children wo n't live past the age of 2 and 80 % of them will die before their 5th birthday . While these numbers are staggering , so is progress that has been made since Elizabeth Glaser first started her fight to help children with pediatric HIV more than 25 years ago . Pediatric HIV has been virtually eliminated in the United States and Europe and thanks to programs such as the United States President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief  PEPFAR  , we are closer than ever before to ending pediatric HIV in Africa and other resource-limited regions around the world . We can see evidence of PEPFAR 's positive impact firsthand in stories like that of Tatu Msangi , a woman I met during my trip to Tanzania . Tatu discovered she was HIV-positive after becoming pregnant with her daughter , Faith , in 2004 -- when HIV/AIDS was killing millions of people each year and resources to treat and prevent the virus in Africa were very limited . But , thanks to PEPFAR , Tatu received the medicine she needed to prevent transmitting HIV to her child . Today , almost 10 years later , Faith is happy , healthy and HIV-negative . Tatu was so inspired by PEPFAR and EGPAF 's work to help HIV-positive mothers and their children that she went back to school to become a nurse and now works at a clinic in Kilimanjaro . This past June , Tatu and Faith joined U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in Washington , DC to celebrate the fact that since PEPFAR began in 2003 , 1 million babies , just like Faith , have been born HIV-free . Preventing mother-to-child transmission of HIV is the first step toward achieving an AIDS-free generation . I encourage everyone to take a few moments out of your day to learn more about the fight for an AIDS-free future . Tweet , post to Facebook , or even just talk to someone you know about pediatric HIV and what each of us can do to make sure that this generation is the last one to face this devastating epidemic .	Photographer Nigel Barker is an ambassador for the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation Foundation 's mission is to create an AIDS-free generation More than 700 children are infected with HIV every day , most as a result of mother-to-child transmission
CNN  -- The death of Chinua Achebe represents more than the loss of a great writer . Achebe was perhaps the first to give voice with elegance , a poetic prose , and startling insight to the other side of the world which most Western readers encounter in Joseph Conrad . For the first time , through the success of Achebe 's best-known book , "  Things Fall Apart , " a world both distinctive and familiarly human as well as uniquely African won the hearts of an otherwise ignorant and insensitive and largely condescending reading public in Europe and North America , regarding African history and culture . It is a pity that not more of Achebe 's prose is as well-known as "  Things Fall Apart . " At the same time , Achebe took his place in the pantheon of great writers with one acknowledged masterpiece , alongside Melville 's "  Moby Dick " and Charlotte Bronte 's "  Jane Eyre . " But Achebe 's contribution was not merely literary . Unlike most writers , he displayed few traces of narcissism . He was committed to his people and his community . He did not shy away from political controversy , and he did so in a manner that was unforgettable . He was soft spoken , gracious to a fault , generous . His charisma was one that mixed authority with kindness . He seemed to possess no limits to patience . He made his interlocutors and students feel that they were as important as he was . Unlike so many he did not internalize the brutalities and prejudices of oppressors only to visit the very same quality on others when the oppression vanished . Perhaps this was a function of his personality and his natural nobility and pride in his heritage . But it was also a function of his Christian faith and his commitment to the vocation of teaching and writing . Chinua Achebe came to Bard after suffering an accident that left him paralyzed from the waist down . By coming to the United States he was able to secure the proper medical care , and at Bard he became a member of an academic community as teacher and colleague . He used his prestige and presence to ensure that African history and literature would take their proper place in the education of undergraduates . One of Achebe 's most fervent admirers has been Nelson Mandela , who once described the sense of hope he derived from reading Achebe in prison . What Mandela saw in Achebe was the characteristic that inhabits all great literature : details that seem very particular retain their uniqueness in the hands of a great writer . But through the poetry of the prose what seems utterly foreign and unfamiliar becomes recognizable and profoundly thought-provoking . Time and place are transcended without the loss of authentic particularity . These qualities are what have made great writers great , whether they be George Eliot or Tolstoy . Achebe , drawing from his heritage and traditions , used his talent and gift of imagination to generate a visual and moral landscape entirely unfamiliar to most readers . His achievement was both historic and personal . If there was one dimension of disappointment that one could detect in Chinua Achebe , it was the fact that he was famous for one great book when in fact he had written a whole series of great books . He suffered the same frustration that is perhaps more common among composers who become associated with one piece to the exclusion of the rest of the music they have written . One hopes that Chinua Achebe 's death will spark a renewal of interest beyond "  Things Fall Apart . " That novel will remain a staple of world literature . Readers should be encouraged to look at the novels Achebe wrote aftewards . The simplicity of his language , the disarming lyricism , and acuity of perception define his greatness . But in the end Achebe was in the best sense a moralist . Not a preacher , but a writer who drew his readers into contemplating the possibilities of how they might lead a better life with a greater commitment to justice , to civility , to respect , and to simple decency . The opinions expressed in this opinion piece are solely those of Leon Botstein .	Unlike so many , Achebe did not internalize the brutalities and prejudices of oppressors , writes Leon Botstein His charisma was one that mixed authority with kindness , he says Botstein : One hopes that Chinua Achebe 's death will spark a renewal of interest beyond "  Things Fall Apart . " Achebe was in the best sense a moralist , says Botstein
CNN  -- The global appeal of football can hardly be doubted . It is said the membership of ruling body FIFA exceeds that of the number of member countries in the United Nations . Furthermore , football is attributed the status of being one of only two entities that are truly global languages . Music is the other . The passion of this sport has been known to halt armed conflicts and to unite rivals , all for the good of the "  Beautiful Game . " I venture that there is nothing within the sphere of the human social arena that can transcend or perhaps even challenge the passion and fixation associated with this truly global sport . More than a kick in the universal grass , football is a script that translates without interpretation , that amends without severe changes , that entertains an informed audience , and pleasures even the most casual and naive observer merely through its grace and simplicity . Aside from its widespread appeal and acceptability , football provides opportunities for personal development , social exposure and travel . It is a tool for product marketing and even tourism . It is participatory with no regard to social and economic status . The impact of this great and wonderful sport is evidenced in the excitement of the pauper and through the accolades from the palaces of the royal fans . It is because of all these things , and more , that the "  Beautiful Game " deserves to be respected , preserved and immortalized . Arguably those players and administrators who have emerged as notables should be lionized ; some may even revere them as icons and deified gods . I will not lend myself to such lofty thinking . I am a mere lover of the "  Beautiful Game " -- one who has trotted through the athletic portals and has been blessed to perform on its many green expanses . Discipline is integral to successfully achieving in this sport . Discipline to get there , discipline to maintain your performance , and discipline to sustain your humbleness as the benefits accrue . There is even the element of self-discipline to accept when your role alters , and to accept that neither you nor anyone else is bigger than the "  Game . " Challenges have always been present in this sport , and although some have mutated over time as the game became more global , others remain problematic . Perhaps it is symptomatic of modern society that despite the diversity of practitioners and the potpourri of fans , the ugliness of racism seeps through . Is it so ominous that we should shudder in fear ? Is it so idiotic that we can attempt to minimize it by not diverting great resources towards its eradication ? After all it is only the ignorant and the inebriated that dare spoil this pristine scene . I offer this explanation : The "  Beautiful Game " is not immune from the variances and the often pejorative behaviors that inculcate the minds of many in our community . The same unpredictability that causes people to riot at an event celebrating Gandhi or Martin Luther King Jr. -- the same mob mentality that sends fans crashing and burning all in their paths after their favorite team has triumphed in some distinguished competition -- is the same uncontrollable factor that leads to much of the racial abuse . We can do much in terms of our formal response . We can be infinitely creative in proactive initiatives . However , what has never been done -- and what will never be accomplished -- is to legislate an attitude . The hallowed sanctums of the "  Beautiful Game " will survive because it is the "  Beautiful Game . " It is neither the cause nor the panacea of society 's ills . It is an avenue that has shown that it offers resiliency and relief come what may . Respect it , enjoy it and it serves us well .	Clyde Best is known as one of the first black players to establish himself in England Best was a striker who played for West Ham United between 1968-1976 He says racism in sport is for "  the ignorant and the inebriated " Best argues that football is the "  Beautiful Game " and it should be enjoyed and respected
CNN  -- After almost 10 months , the FBI has zeroed in on a suspect in the case of missing Florida pilot Robert Wiles , who may have been kidnapped for ransom . Missing Florida pilot Robert Wiles is thought to have been kidnapped for ransom . "  We 're close to solving the case , " said FBI special agent David Couvertier . He would not elaborate . Agents also would not identify the suspect , and they said the person is not in custody . Investigators would only reveal that the "  key suspect " is in Florida , either in Orlando , Lakeland or Melbourne . "  They 're holding that back in hopes of getting additional information , " said Couvertier . The FBI says it 's also looking at several persons of interest in those same three Florida cities . Wiles , 27 , was last seen in the family 's aircraft maintenance business , National Flight Services , at Lakeland Linder Regional Airport on April 1 , 2008 . The day Wiles disappeared , he left behind his bags , his computer , and even his car . His father says the next day , Wiles was supposed to be on a flight out of Orlando . He never showed up . Two days after he vanished , Wiles ' father , Thomas , received a ransom note . It demanded money and threatened to harm Robert Wiles if the terms were n't met . Wiles ' parents said they tried to comply but heard nothing back . Nearly a year later , the FBI says their investigation shows that those involved "  were very familiar with Robert 's work , Robert 's personal information and had knowledge of his parent 's personal affairs . " Agents say they 've tracked down leads in nine U.S. cities and as far away as Thailand where National Flight Services also does business . The Ohio-based company services aircraft in 50 countries and has been in business since 1972 . Investigators are reaching out to the public in hopes of sparking any additional information about Wiles to "  close the loop , " Couvertier said . Investigators want to talk with "  people who knew about his work routine , who might know someone who was obsessed with him , who was upset or jealous of him , or complained about him , anything that might be helpful , " said Couvertier . Wiles ' parents told CNN they hope their son Robert is still alive . "  That is our hope until proven otherwise , ' said his mother , Pamela . "  We do n't know what happened to him . We do n't know where he is . We just hope somebody will call and tell us what their needs are , " she added . "  Sometimes , I stay up late and get up early and try to come up with any scenarios to make sense of this , " said Wiles ' father . "  I have my very low moments when I think I 'll never see him again , " he added . Occasionally , Wiles ' mother says she plays back a voicemail message her son left her shortly before he disappeared . It said "  Hey , mom . It 's Robert . I just wanted to call and thank you for sending that stuff down to me . And I hope you have a good weekend , ... and I 'll talk to you later . " "  I still listen to it , and it breaks my heart , " said Pamela Wiles . The Wiles are still offering a $ 250,000 reward for information about their son and arrest of those responsible for his disappearance . "  But Tom and I do n't think you can put a dollar on his head , " said Pamela Wiles . "  We want to provide them with security and a new life , if that 's what they need , " she added . His father does n't think whoever is responsible is working alone . He says his son is too strong to have left willingly or without knowing who his alleged captors are . Anyone with information is asked to contact the FBI . Wiles ' parents have a message for the FBI 's unidentified suspect . "  I would say to him ` come forward and tell the truth and we hold no personal animosity , ' " said Pamela Wiles . "  Someone made a bad mistake . It 's up to God to forgive him . "	FBI agent says they are "  close to solving the case , " have a "  key suspect " "  Key suspect " is in Florida , either in Orlando , Lakeland or Melbourne , agent says Police believe missing pilot Robert Wiles may have been kidnapped for ransom Mother would tell suspect to "  come forward and tell the truth "
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- German Chancellor Angela Merkel defeated her foreign minister Sunday to win another four-year term , according to exit polls reported by German television network NTV . German Chancellor Angela Merkel and her husband , Joachim Sauer , vote Sunday in Berlin . NTV reported Merkel 's center-right Christian Democratic Union  CDU  party received 33.7 percent of the vote , based on exit poll projections . The polls show Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier 's center-left Social Democrats received 23.4 percent , the network reported . "  Not only are you happy , I am very happy as well , " Merkel told cheering supporters at her headquarters . "  We 've accomplished something great . We 've done it . We 've reached our election goal , to retain a stable majority in Germany and a new government with a new coalition . " The crowd chanted , "  Angie , Angie , Angie . " Steinmeier , meanwhile , conceded what he called "  a bitter defeat " for the Social Democrats . "  The voters have decided , and the result is a bad day , " Steinmeier said in a speech to supporters . He thanked those who helped lead his campaign and those who supported him . The two parties currently are in a coalition , with Steinmeier as foreign minister . Few doubted that Merkel 's party would receive the most votes . The question was what kind of coalition will be formed -- another broad centrist one , across the political divide , or a more right-leaning one . Merkel favors cutting taxes to spur growth , while Steinmeier opposes tax breaks . The country is deep in debt . What 's at stake in the German election " Voters chose members of the lower house of parliament , or Bundestag , who will pick the head of government . Each German had two votes -- one for a member of parliament representing a district and another for a political party . The election Sunday followed release of a threatening videos from al Qaeda and the Taliban warning Germans not to vote for leaders who want to keep the country 's troops in Afghanistan . Security was tightened at airports and train stations , and authorities on Saturday banned all flights over the Oktoberfest beer festival until it ends on October 4 . The annual event attracts about 6 million people . About 62 million people were eligible to vote , out of Germany 's population of 82 million . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Chancellor Angela Merkel defeats her foreign minister , exit polls indicate "  This is a bitter defeat , " says challenger Frank-Walter Steinmeier Merkel 's center-right Christian Democratic Union got 33.7 % of vote , TV reports Steinmeier 's center-left Social Democrats received 23.4 percent , network says
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI completed his eight-day tour of the Holy Land on Friday with an exhortation to both Israelis and Palestinians to work through their decades-old conflict . Pope Benedict XVI prays in Jerusalem on Friday at what 's believed to be the burial site of Jesus . "  No more bloodshed ! No more fighting ! No more terrorism ! No more war ! Instead let us break the vicious circle of violence . Let there be lasting peace based on justice , let there be genuine reconciliation and healing , " the pontiff said . Benedict made the comments at a farewell ceremony at Ben Gurion International Airport in Tel Aviv before Israeli President Shimon Peres and other religious and secular leaders . In his concluding remarks , Benedict called his visit to Israel 's Holocaust memorial Yad Vashem and his conversations with survivors a "  deeply moving encounter . " He seemed to address some criticism he received within the country for not speaking in stronger terms about anti-Semitism and Holocaust denial . Referring to the Holocaust , Benedict spoke of the victims who "  were brutally exterminated under a godless regime that propagated an ideology of anti-Semitism and hatred . " After Benedict 's Monday speech at Yad Vashem , the memorial 's chairman , Holocaust survivor Rabbi Yisrael Lau , criticized the pope , saying the pontiff did not "  participate in the pain of the Jewish people " and "  used the term ` killed ' when talking about Holocaust victims and not the word ` murdered ' as his predecessor did . " Benedict drew the ire of Jews and German Catholics earlier this year by rehabilitating an excommunicated bishop who had disputed the number of Jews killed in concentration camps during World War II . The bishop 's excommunication was unrelated to his Holocaust denial . Friday , Benedict repeated his call for Palestinians to enjoy a "  sovereign independent homeland " and "  to live in dignity and to travel freely . " He remarked that "  one of the saddest sights for me during my visit to these lands was the wall " -- a reference to the 20-foot concrete barrier he saw in Bethlehem during his visit to a Palestinian refugee camp . Israel says the structure , which it calls a security fence , was built to prevent terrorist attacks ; Palestinians consider it an illegal land grab . Benedict began the day with a busy morning in Jerusalem 's Old City , including meeting the patriarchs of the Greek Orthodox and Armenian Apostolic churches . Between sessions with the patriarchs , Benedict toured and prayed at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher , believed to be located on the site where Jesus was crucified and buried . On his Middle East visit , the pope has navigated the region 's treacherous political landscape , which often pits Jew against Muslim and Muslim against Christian . Benedict has repeatedly called for reconciliation between the peoples of the region during his visit , urging Israelis and Palestinian to put aside their grievances and divisions . "  Just and peaceful coexistence among the peoples of the Middle East can only be achieved through a spirit of cooperation and mutual respect , in which the rights and dignity of all are acknowledged and upheld , " the pope said . Celebrating Mass on Thursday , Benedict covered similar territory in his message to over 30,000 parishioners gathered at the Mount of the Transfiguration , outside Nazareth . Watch the reaction of one visitor who attended Mass " "  Christians readily join Jews , Muslims , Druze and people of other religions in wishing to safeguard children from fanaticism and violence , while preparing them to be builders of a better world , " he said . Benedict 's trip marks the first papal visit to some of Christianity 's most holy places since Pope John Paul II made the pilgrimage in 2000 .	NEW : Benedict XVI winds up Mideast trip with call for "  peace based on justice " Pope revisits Old City after similar outing on Tuesday Pope calls for spirit of cooperation and mutual respect in the Middle East Trip marks first papal visit to Holy Land since Pope John Paul II in 2000
OPRAH.com  -- Shelly and her husband , Daren Forney , were the happily married parents of three beautiful girls , 13-year-old Jessica , 9-year-old Erica and 4-year-old Valerie . "  Erica is my little sunshine because she lit up the house , " Shelly says . "  She was making us laugh before she was a year old . " Two days before Thanksgiving in 2008 , Shelly came back from a doctor 's appointment to find emergency crews on her street . "  There were all these people and a child lying on the ground , " she says . "  I had no idea it was my daughter . " Daren says Erica was riding her bike home from school . "  Erica was just around the corner from our house , " he says . "  She was 30 seconds from being home safely . " Erica had been hit head-on by a 5,000-pound SUV . Police say that the driver had recently finished a phone call at the time of the accident . "  The driver said : ` I 'm so sorry . I did n't see her , ' " Shelly says . "  I felt badly for the driver because I thought : ` Oh , she 's unconscious . She 's going to be okay . ' ... And they started cutting my daughter 's clothes off and it was hitting me this is very , very , very serious . " Watch mom remember her daughter , the fatal day Erica was rushed to the local children 's hospital , then airlifted to another facility . "  The neurosurgeon made it very clear she was going to die , " Shelly says . "  I spent the night with her that night . I held her . Cried . I kissed her . I sang to her . I just needed to have time with my girl . " The driver of the SUV , Michelle Smith , pleaded guilty last year to careless driving resulting in death and was sentenced to two years probation , a $ 300 fine and 150 hours of community service , according to the Denver Post . Her sentence also required her to write a letter of apology to the Forney family and have the letter published in newspapers . Since Erica 's death , Shelly and Daren have been working to change the laws in Colorado . "  I do n't want any other parent to have to go through this , or a husband to lose his wife , " she says . "  We have been trying so hard to get this law changed , and we 're going to continue until it happens . " In the meantime , Shelly and Daren say every single person who gets behind the wheel can make a difference . "  Get off the phone . Save a life . Do n't talk and drive , " she says . "  You 've got precious cargo in that car . Your life . Your children 's life . They are not worth a phone call , a text , an e-mail . It 's not worth it . " Nearly 500,000 people are injured and 6,000 are killed each year because drivers are talking , texting and e-mailing behind the wheel , according to the U.S. Department of Transportation . "  It is my prayer that this show , this day will be a seminal day in your life , " Oprah Winfrey said on her show Tuesday . "  Let it be the end , the end of you using a cell phone or sending a text message when you are behind the wheel of a moving vehicle . And until we as a nation decide we 're going to change that , those numbers are only going to go up . " Oprah.com : Take Oprah 's no phone zone pledge Most European countries ban the use of handheld cell phones while driving , but not all U.S. states have laws restricting texting and driving . So far , 19 states and the District of Columbia have banned texting while driving . In seven states and the District of Columbia , drivers can only use their cell phones if they are hands-free . Of the states with these laws , Utah 's laws are among the strictest , due to one distracted driver and two grieving families . Oprah.com : Why multitaskers should beware September 22 , 2006 , began like any other day for Jackie Furfaro . She kissed her husband , Jim , goodbye as he left to pick up his colleague , Keith O'Dell , for work . A few hours later , Jackie arrived at work , where police were waiting for her . They told her Jim had been in an accident . "  I saw Jim 's license in the hands of one of the police officers , and I realized that he was dead , " she says . "  They told me that a 19-year-old who was driving a white Tahoe had crossed the center line and clipped my husband , " she says . "  He ended up in the oncoming traffic line and was broadsided by the vehicle behind the 19-year-old , and he was killed instantly , along with Keith . " An investigator at the crash site suspected texting was involved when he saw the 19-year-old , Reggie Shaw , texting on the way to a mandatory drug and alcohol screening . No drugs or alcohol were found in his system , but cell phone records confirmed Reggie had been texting from the time he got into his car up until the moment of the crash . Reggie was sentenced to 30 days in jail , community service and to honor a unique request from Jackie -- to watch a video of her husband 's funeral . "  I just wanted him to know who he killed , " she says . "  That was a way for him to get to know one of the men . " Before the accident , Reggie says he texted "  pretty close to 100 percent of the time " while driving . "  I just never thought about it , " he says . "  Growing up , going to high school , going to driver 's ed , it was never taught to me how dangerous it was . " Reggie says he 's haunted by what he 's done . "  This affects my life every day . It 's something that I can never really forgive myself for . It was a poor choice that I made , " he says . "  I have trouble sleeping at night . You drive down the road , you see accidents on the side of the road , and instantly that 's the first thing that I think of . It 's hard every day . It never gets easier . " When asked whether the jail time he served was enough , Reggie says he does n't know . "  I think about those 30 days in jail and what I went through and how hard that was for me -- and I think about the two lives that are lost , " he says . "  I do n't know if it was enough . " Still , Reggie says it 's important for him to share his story with others . In fall 2008 , Reggie spoke at a national summit in Washington , D.C. , about the dangers of distracted driving . He also speaks at high schools to give students the warning he never received . "  A lot of them think along the lines like I thought : ' I can do this . I 'm safe , ' " he says . "  I explain to them : ` It 's not safe . Absolutely not . Look what it 's done to me . Look what it 's done to these two families . You do n't want to put anyone through that . It 's not worth it . ' " Oprah.com : Can cell phones put you at risk Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Oprah Winfrey talked with people who lost loved ones to accidents with distracted drivers Shelly and Daren Forney lost their daughter in an accident They are campaigning for tougher laws against driving while using a phone Winfrey asks people to make cars a no-cell-phone-zone
CNN  -- An ice jam on the Yukon River in Alaska sparked flooding in the city of Galena , where some 300 people have been evacuated , authorities said . Most of the people who left their homes were being housed in either Ruby or Fairbanks , said Kerry Seifert , operations section chief at the Alaska Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Management . Some are at shelters , while others were with friends and relatives . "  We expect the flooding to become worse before the waters start to recede , " said Alaska Gov. Sean Parnell , who surveyed the damage this week . "  Ensuring the safety of those impacted by the flooding remains my top priority . " According to Seifert , the cause of the jam was a late break up of ice . Colder temperatures meant there was no melting until a rapid warming put lots of water in the river basin . A wall of ice got hung up at a steep curve in the river near Galena , he said . Water appeared to be beginning to move around the sides of the ice Wednesday , Seifert said , which could be good news for people living in Galena . When the jam breaks , however , downriver communities of Koyukuk and Nulato may be at risk . Alaska volcano "  fountains " with fire , spreads expansive ash cloud	A wall of ice got hung up at a steep curve in the Yukon River Some 300 people are evacuated "  We expect the flooding to become worse before the waters start to recede , " governor says
CNN  An indignant letter written by a Titanic survivor to a friend in New York sold at auction this week for $ 11,875 , according to RR Auction in Boston . The remarks were written on Lady Lucy Duff-Gordon 's personal letterhead and dated May 27 , 1912 -- six weeks after HMS Titanic struck an iceberg and sank on its maiden voyage -- and seem to indicate that she and her husband , Sir Cosmo Duff-Gordon , did n't receive such a warm welcome home after their rescue . "  According to the way we 've been treated by England on our return we did n't seem to have done the right thing in being saved at all !!!! Is n't it disgraceful ? " Lady Duff-Gordon wrote . The prominent London fashion designer and her husband , a Scottish baronet , escaped by boarding Lifeboat 1 , which transported 12 passengers despite having capacity for 40 . Fewer than one-third of the more than 2,200 people aboard Titanic survived , hundreds fewer than could have lived if all of the lifeboats had been deployed and filled . The couple were the only two passengers asked to testify during the British Wreck Commissioner 's inquiry into the sinking . Their testimony , along with allegations that Cosmo had bribed the crew to row away faster rather than try to rescue others , made them popular fodder for tabloids . Lifeboat 1 became known as the "  Money Boat . " Rumors that the Duff-Gordons tried to deter the crew from making other rescues were never corroborated , but Lady Duff-Gordon later said her husband was "  brokenhearted over the negative coverage for the rest of his life , " according to a news release from RR Auction . "  We remain fascinated by the Titanic tragedy and will for years to come , " RR Auction 's Bobby Livingston said . A cup and saucer from the Titanic sold for $ 13,750 . Also auctioned was a letter Grateful Dead front man Jerry Garcia sent to a former Vogue cover model he met at a New York party in 1980 . The undated letter was postmarked June 22 , 1982 . In the letter , which sold for $ 32,500 , Garcia asks the woman , "  Pardon my handwriting , this is the first letter I 've written in years . " He includes a sketch with the words , "  Grateful Dead just played our first outdoor show of the year at a place called the Greek Theatre . " The historic Berkeley , California , music venue would become a home base for the band . Garcia died in 1995 . The auction item that pulled in the most was a signed 1965 Mosrite Ventures Guitar that belonged to Johnny Ramone . It sold for $ 71,875 . Violin played as Titanic sank sells for $ 1.7 million	Lady Lucy Duff-Gordon 's letter to a friend , written just weeks after the Titanic sank , sells for nearly $ 12,000 She tells friend of "  disgraceful " treatment after rescue , says RR Auction , which sold the letter She and her husband were haunted by allegations about their conduct as the ship sank in April 1912 A rare letter from Jerry Garcia sells for $ 32,500 ; Johnny Ramone 's guitar fetches nearly $ 72,000
As the crisis in Syria enters its third year and the death toll exceeds 70,000 , America 's values and interests are increasingly at risk as others fill the void left by our inaction . I saw this firsthand during a recent trip to the Middle East during which I met with Jordanians , Syrians and Israelis concerned about the fallout of a brutal civil war . In Jordan , the government and international aid agencies are scrambling to deal with more than 400,000 refugees fleeing the fighting , many of whom are women and children . Meanwhile , our allies in Israel are increasingly concerned about the nightmare scenario of chemical and advanced anti-aircraft weapons falling into the hands of terrorist groups such as Hezbollah or Islamist groups linked to al Qaeda . In April 2011 , when the death toll stood in the low hundreds , I called on President Barack Obama to support the Syrian people 's desires for freedom and an end to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . I proposed a series of measures to immediately isolate al-Assad , including tough economic sanctions and severance of diplomatic ties . Unfortunately , this and similar calls by Democrats and Republicans went unheeded at the time , only to be implemented by this administration months later -- slowly , hesitantly and ineffectually . There are now two conflicts underway in Syria . One is the battle to oust al-Assad . The second is the emerging fight for control of a post-Assad Syria . This latter fight will pit more moderate groups within the armed opposition against Sunni Islamists . We need to ensure that the responsible actors win this battle and that Syria is no longer an ally of Iran and a staging point for destabilizing terror . America must not turn its back on the Syrian people . Our interests are still served by the rapid resolution of the conflict and the removal of al-Assad from power . What might a successful Syria strategy look like ? First , we can not expect Syria 's post-Assad rulers to respect our interests and wishes if we are not willing to support them in their fight . While recent reports indicate that the rebels are increasingly in possession of much of the weaponry they have long sought , what they need now is ammunition . We should do everything possible to get moderate elements within the opposition the ammunition , intelligence support , training and other equipment they need to help hasten al-Assad 's fall . Ghitis : Syrian war is everybody 's problem While some worry that the Syrian opposition is entirely anti-American and made up of radicals , the reality is that Islamist forces remain in the minority . Continued inaction , however , will only empower these anti-American elements of the opposition . We thus need to work more closely with groups such as the Syrian Opposition Council . The SOC has made great strides in unifying the more reasonable elements of the opposition and attempting to be inclusive of Syria 's minorities , but it has suffered from slow and lukewarm support from Washington . The Obama administration should back their efforts to form a transitional government that can begin to govern rebel-controlled areas of Syria as soon as possible and put to rest any doubts about our support . The additional nonlethal assistance to the SOC and to armed opposition groups announced by Secretary of State John Kerry in Rome on Thursday is a positive step , but much more needs to be done . Just as the Berlin airlift in the late '40s created a generation of Germans who remembered American support in their hour of need , Syrian children suffering today in refugee camps should understand that the U.S. government and American people care about their plight and are taking action to assist them . Although most of it can not be traced back to us , the U.S. has actually provided hundreds of millions of dollars in humanitarian aid and nonlethal assistance since the conflict began . However , in the camps outside of Syria , international aid agencies , often supported primarily by U.S. funds , have not made the source of their funding apparent to the refugees they are hosting . Similarly , citing security concerns , the administration has been slow to brand U.S. assistance inside of Syria and make its origins clear to the populace . Even if these concerns are justified , there are ways to work with aid groups to utilize social media and with local leaders to highlight America 's humanitarian assistance at work . We should also be more willing to rely not just on international nongovernmental organizations and aid agencies , but also use the moderate groups we wish to strengthen as conduits for aid , helping them legitimize themselves with the Syrian people . We need decisive American leadership to avoid the worst outcomes in Syria . As one Syrian opposition figure recently told me , as long as "  the United States remains not present , " the crisis is likely to only be prolonged . This may result in a post-Assad Syria that is a failed state in which Islamic radicals and Iranian agents with little interest in a liberal order flourish . For the sake of our security interests and the safety of our allies , we can and must do more to prevent such an outcome .	Marco Rubio : U.S. must step in with more assistance or other actors will fill void He says Obama 's slowness to act to end bloodshed risks increasing instability in region He says U.S. should help moderates get ammunition and training to oust al-Assad Rubio : U.S. should back opposition ; the Syrian people will remember U.S. help
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal agents have determined New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer used a high-priced call-girl ring at least eight times in recent months , and agents had him under surveillance twice this year , sources familiar with the investigation said Wednesday . Sources say New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer used a call-girl service eight times in recent months . Spitzer announced his resignation Wednesday , two days after reports of his connection to the Emperors Club VIP became public . He has not been charged with a crime . He told reporters Wednesday , "  I can not allow my private failings to disrupt the people 's work . " The resignation will take effect Monday . Watch Spitzer say he will resign " The sources said the investigation began when New York 's North Fork Bank notified the Treasury Department about suspicious transfers of money from Spitzer 's bank accounts . That investigation led agents to the alleged organizers of the prostitution ring , four of whom were charged in a criminal complaint last week , the sources said . A grand jury in New York is likely to hear evidence in the case soon , said Kathleen Mullin , an attorney who said she represents one of the ring 's employees . Mullin would not identify her client , but said she was not the woman identified only as "  Kristen " linked to Spitzer in court papers . She said her client and other women who worked for the Emperors Club have been asked to testify before the grand jury . Asked if her client had any encounters with Spitzer , Mullin said , "  We have no information regarding the governor . " Wiretaps on suspected members of the ring , authorized in January , yielded more than 5,000 telephone calls and text messages and another 6,000-plus e-mails , according to court papers . In those intercepts , the organizers told clients how to arrange and pay for their trysts , a federal agent 's affidavit states . The affidavit identified clients by number , with Spitzer designated "  Client 9 , " a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN this week . Sources familiar with the investigation said federal authorities Wednesday were trying to clamp down on leaks of the investigation 's details . See a timeline of the investigation " The affidavit states "  Client 9 " paid $ 4,300 for 2 1/2 hours with a call girl he arranged to meet at Washington 's Mayflower Hotel , with some of that a deposit on a future session . Court papers state he also paid for train tickets , cab fare , mini-bar and room service charges for Kristen -- a 5-foot-5 , 105-pound brunette he arranged to meet the night of February 13 . Kristen is a 22-year-old would-be singer from New Jersey , The New York Times reported Wednesday . The newspaper said Ashley Youmans -- now known as Ashley Alexandra Dupre -- was identified in court documents as Kristen . Dupre has not been charged with a crime . She made a brief appearance Monday in U.S. Magistrate Court as a witness against four people charged with operating the Emperor 's Club , the Times said . In an entry on her MySpace page , Dupre says she left "  a broken family " and "  abuse " in 2004 , eventually settling in Manhattan "  to pursue my music career . " "  I am all about my music , and my music is all about me , " she writes on her MySpace page . "  It flows from what I 've been through , what I 've seen and how I feel . " Dupre 's mother , Carolyn Capalbo , told the Times she and her daughter were close , adding that "  she obviously got involved in something much larger than her . " Spitzer , whose squeaky-clean image as a corporate corruption-buster made him a rising Democratic star , testified to the House Financial Services Committee the next day about the effect of the mortgage meltdown . He took a state plane from Buffalo , New York , to Washington and back to New York , his office confirmed Tuesday . Sources told CNN that FBI agents had Spitzer under surveillance at the Mayflower that night -- and on an earlier occasion , on January 26 , when no prostitute showed up . His resignation is unlikely to affect decisions about whether he will face prosecution , the sources said . His attorneys were negotiating Wednesday with the U.S. attorney 's office in New York in an effort to avoid criminal charges , a source told CNN . But in a statement issued after the governor 's resignation , U.S. Attorney Michael Garcia said no agreement had been reached between his office and the governor "  relating to his resignation or any other matter . " The resignation could be a factor in the U.S. presidential race . Spitzer was a superdelegate , one of nearly 800 party leaders and officials who cast their votes at the Democratic National Convention . They are free to vote for any candidate they wish . Spitzer was a political ally of New York Sen. Hillary Clinton , who is currently in a tight race with Illinois Sen. Barack Obama to win the Democratic nomination . A candidate must get 2,024 delegates to clinch the Democratic nomination . With the race so close , superdelegates could play a larger role in determining the Democratic presidential candidate than in past elections . According to two sources who spoke Tuesday with CNN , Spitzer hit the federal radar when a bank reported to the Internal Revenue Service that a significant amount of money had been suspiciously transferred from one account to another . Late last year , upon investigating the movement of money that the bank initially reported , the IRS found that the accounts were connected to Spitzer , the sources said . The IRS contacted the FBI , which joined the case to investigate the possibility of government corruption . Federal law requires a banking institution to file a suspicious activity report when the institution suspects a transaction is linked to a federal crime . More specifically , banks are required to report to the IRS any transactions totaling $ 5,000 or more if the transactions "  involve potential money laundering or a violation of the Bank Secrecy Act . " The act requires businesses to keep documents that are useful for identifying and investigating money laundering . After receiving the IRS report last year , the FBI Corruption Squad linked the account transfers to a prostitution ring , according to sources . The FBI criminal division joined the probe to look into the prostitution ring , while the federal corruption team continued its investigation into Spitzer . Legal experts not involved in the case have said Spitzer could face some type of money-laundering charge , such as structuring a financial transaction to evade federal bank reporting requirements by breaking up a large transaction into smaller ones . Sources tell CNN that prosecutors have considered pursuing a structuring charge , but have run into some difficulty . And Richard Smith , a former Justice Department official , said structuring charges are "  fairly difficult to prove . " "  You are going to have to prove that he withdrew sums of money with the intent to evade the reporting requirements , to conceal the fact that he is withdrawing the money , " said Smith , the former deputy chief of the Justice Department 's fraud section . "  Because if the money was withdrawn , it appears if his lawyers are correct , in a manner that he did n't conceal anything , it begs the question whether or not they can prove the reckless intent that he withdrew this money in small sums to avoid the reporting requirement . " Spitzer also could face charges related to the Mann Act , which makes it a federal offense to transport someone across state lines for the purpose of prostitution . But sources tell CNN that the government is less interested in pursuing charges for prostitution than on following the money . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	"  Kristen " identified as aspiring singer Ashley Youmans , 22 Spitzer resigns Wednesday , two days after he is linked to call-girl ring Bank notified Treasury Department about suspicious transfers of money Spitzer could face charges of money laundering , legal experts say
CNN  -- Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal , one of the world 's richest men , Thursday excoriated a young woman model whose accusation that he raped her was dismissed a day earlier by a Spanish court , the prince said in a statement . Bin Talal said the court ruling "  dismissed the totality of the claims by the self-described victim . " "  In doing so , the court engaged in a disciplined factual analysis which eviscerated her credibility , pointing to a multitude of inconsistencies , the absence of any corroborating evidence of her continuously changing story and the fact that all the physical evidence , including a physical examination by an independent physician after the night in question and the report of an independent toxicologist , contradicted her claims of assault and drugging , " the prince said in a statement Thursday . Bin Talal said the conduct of the model , her lawyers and her mother were "  particularly blameworthy . " "  The model and her mother have admitted that they only learned of HRH Prince Alwaleed by searching the Internet for ` Saudi Royal Family , ' yet even then , as the Court pointed out , they did not identify HRH Prince Alwaleed as her alleged attacker , an outrageous defect which , the court agreed , ` infected the whole investigation ' , " the statement from the prince 's office said . "  Their accusations varied wildly each time they were recounted in the proceedings and the press , in both Spain and Germany , " the prince said . "  After the model , her mother and her lawyers learned along with the rest of the world that HRH Prince Alwaleed had been in France at the time of the alleged events , they deliberately initiated a relentless public attack on HRH Prince Alwaleed through a public relations campaign involving multiple interviews , calls to reporters , and television appearances , all in an attempt to harm HRH Prince Alwaleed through the media , " the prince said . The young woman had alleged that the prince raped her on a yacht on the island of Ibiza in 2008 . On Wednesday , a Spanish court in Palma de Mallorca found there was n't sufficient evidence to press charges . The prince , who was never formally charged in the case , has long maintained that he is innocent , that he has n't been in Ibiza in more than a decade and that others have tried to impersonate him . In September , a Spanish court reopened the investigation into the rape allegation . The woman filed her complaint in Ibiza in August 2008 , but a local judge shelved it in 2010 , citing a lack of evidence that a crime had been committed , according to court documents . The woman appealed to the next highest court , the Balearic Island Provisional Court , which ruled the lower court in Ibiza should reopen the investigation . According to court documents obtained by CNN , the victim argued in her appeal that the real reason the lower court tossed out the case was that the alleged perpetrator was a powerful member of the Saudi royal family . In September , the Saudi prince , a billionaire and the biggest foreign investor in companies such as News Corp. and Twitter , said in a statement that he was just learning of the accusation . "  These allegations are completely and utterly false , " said the statement from his investment firm , Kingdom Holding Company . "  The alleged encounter simply never happened . " According to the September statement , the prince does n't vacation in Spanish waters . But Max Turiel , one of the lawyers for the alleged victim , said last year there was evidence his team had wanted the court to examine further . According to the court documents , the woman believed her drink had been drugged . She sent a text message to a friend stating as much . She awoke on a yacht to find she was being sexually assaulted by a man she identified as the prince , according to court documents . Turiel said "  there were remains of semen " that should be examined against the prince 's DNA , as well as "  remains of a tranquilizer that produced the symptoms she had . " The evidence came from tests carried out 30 hours after the alleged rape , the attorney said , so any alcohol was gone from her body , but not the drug or the DNA . In September , Turiel said the alleged victim 's mother could answer questions from CNN , but only through e-mail . He provided responses to questions that he said were from the mother . CNN could not independently confirm the message was from the victim 's mother . "  She wanted to reopen the case due to the huge injustice and a feeling of a helplessness ; powerful people should not take undue advantage of it and have others subjected to them , " the message said . The message described the "  man or men " who allegedly abused the young woman as powerful individuals who threatened her onboard the yacht . Asked if her daughter was afraid to appeal the case , the mother said , "  Part of the fear has a lot of dignity and that ca n't be bought nor scared off with threats . " The young woman , a dual Spanish and German citizen , was 23 in September , the e-mail said . CNN 's Al Goodman in Madrid , Spain , contributed to this report .	Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal says court ruling dismisses "  totality " of rape accusation A Spanish court "  eviscerated " the credibility of young woman model accuser , prince says The model , her lawyers and her mom waged "  a relentless public attack , " prince says "  Their accusations varied wildly each time , " bin Talal says
CNN  -- It 's hard to believe , but there was a time when Apple 's computers were accused of being strictly last generation . Their computers were made with clunky Power PC processors , and Windows PC owners smirked at the wheezing Mac platform . Michael Dell even famously said the whole company was so behind the times that if it were up to him , he 'd euthanize it . How things change . While the rest of the industry was counting Apple out , a Steve Jobs newly returned to Apple spent the early part of the last decade quietly assembling a time machine . Following the iPad , iPhone and MacBook Air before it , the retina-display MacBook Pro announced Monday at the Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco is just the latest time traveler Apple has sent back to us from the future . It 's a machine so shiny , so shimmering , so futuristic , so unlike anything else out there that it will take the PC-making competition at least a year to release a truly competing product . How did this even happen ? How did Apple assemble its time machine , and why ca n't the likes of Sony , HP , Dell , Acer and Lenovo seem to catch up ? Apple announces high-res laptops There 's no flux capacitor involved , and although Apple 's design team , led by Jony Ive , is truly visionary , there are lots of companies with revolutionary visions of the future of computing . The difference between Apple and other computer makers is that Apple can actually build the revolutionary , magical machines it dreams up . That 's Apple 's real mojo . They can actualize . Apple can say to themselves that they are going to revolutionize the professional laptop , or the smartphone , or the tablet , and then not only follow through with an enviable purity of design , source all of the parts and manufacture their product in utter secrecy , then ship the resulting en masse and sell them at unheard of profit margins . No one else can . It 's all in Apple 's mastery of the supply chain , which is Tim Cook 's particular genius . His strategy is simple : When Apple decides to go ahead and make a revolutionary new product , it buys up literally almost all of the world 's stock of the components that define the gadget . This not only gives Apple massive discounts in component prices , because they are buying in extreme bulk , but it also prevents the competition from quickly releasing clones of Apple 's iconic machines , or matching Apple in price without cutting corners . It happens time and time again . When Apple first released the iPhone , it took the smartphone industry a year to release a phone that was even competitive , spec-for-spec , by which time Apple had already unveiled the iPhone 3GS . Hardware manufacturers trying to compete with Apple constantly discover that they can only build competing devices off of Apple 's rejected parts , or else build new factories from the ground up to manufacture the parts they need . Look at the iPad . It has no competition , 2Â 1/2 years in . Last quarter , Apple sold almost 12 million iPads . Comparatively , Apple 's biggest competitor -- Samsung -- sold 1.1 million tablets . Why ? Companies simply ca n't build products as good , or Apple 's stranglehold on the manufacturing supply chain prevents them from doing so . Then there 's a MacBook Air . We 're starting to see competitive ultrabooks a year and a half after Apple unveiled the second-gen Air , but that 's only after Intel reportedly set up a massive $ 500 million subsidy fund to help PC makers build a MacBook Air clone . The new retina-display MacBook Pro is another such product . It 's a beast of a machine all around , but its defining feature is a high-resolution display with 220 pixels per inch , each smaller than the acuity of the human eye . It 's far and away the best display of any notebook or even desktop on the market , and you can bet that Apple is in control of most of the world 's supply of the panels necessary to make a machine that even comes close to competing . There 's a famous Ray Bradbury story called "  A Sound of Thunder " in which a man travels into the prehistoric past , accidentally squashes an insect underfoot and thus indelibly changes the future forever . Apple is that time traveler . The prehistoric insect is the competition . Apple crushes it underfoot with calculated purpose , and that is how the future of computing is once again forever changed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Brownlee .	John Brownlee : Unveiling of a new MacBook is another sign of Apple 's competitive advantage He says Apple does more than innovate ; it controls supply chain and freezes out competitors Apple 's products can then be sold at extraordinarily high profit margins , he says Brownlee : Apple has a virtual "  time machine " with which it 's able to stay years ahead
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Gunmen fired on two female health workers administering polio vaccines in northwest Pakistan on Tuesday , killing one and wounding the other . The shooting on the outskirts of Peshawar was the latest in a series of deadly attacks against those giving out the vaccine . Two men on a motorbike opened fire on the two women while they were going house to house in the village of Bedh Der , said local police official Shafi Ullah . One woman died at the scene ; the other was critically injured , Ullah said . Why polio has n't gone away yet Pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated . Pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicion after the CIA 's use of a fake vaccination program in 2011 to collect DNA samples from residents of Osama bin Laden 's compound to verify the al Qaeda leader 's presence there . Bin Laden was killed by U.S. forces in May 2011 . In June , a Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan announced a ban on polio vaccines for children in the region as long as the United States continues its campaign of drone strikes in the region , the Taliban said . Opinion : Drones decimating Taliban in Pakistan It was n't immediately clear if the Taliban played a role in Tuesday 's attacks . Polio , a highly infectious viral disease that can cause permanent paralysis in a matter of hours , has been eradicated around the world except for three countries where it is endemic : Pakistan , Nigeria and Afghanistan . After the number of cases spiked sharply last year , Pakistan stepped up its eradication efforts . The numbers fell from 173 in 2011 to 58 in 2012 , according to the Global Polio Eradication Initiative . Polio workers come under fresh attack in Pakistan	Pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated . The Taliban announced a ban on polio vaccinations in June Pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicion
CNN  -- The drama surrounding Olympus and cover-up of $ 1.7 billion in losses resulted in the first arrests Thursday . Three former executives -- ex-Chairman Tsuyoshi Kikukawa , former Executive Vice President Hisashi Mori , and Hideo Yamada , a former auditor -- were arrested for filing fraudulent information on the company accounts in 2007 and 2008 . Four other outside financial advisers were also arrested for assisting with the fraud . The furor that followed the firing of former Olympus CEO Michael Woodford in October and his subsequent turn as whistleblower on the decades-long cover-up , saw the stock value of the Japanese camera and medical instruments maker drop more than 75 % at the height of the crisis . Besides the charges in Japan , officials in the U.S. and the UK are investigating possible criminal wrongdoing . The company appointed an independent commission , led by a former Japanese supreme court judge , who released a report in December saying , "  the management was rotten to the core , and infected those around it . " Who is Michael Woodford ? A foreign "  salariman " for Olympus , the Briton worked for 30 years at the company , starting as a sales assistant in its medical sales division and rising up the ranks to become executive managing director of its European operations in 2008 . In April , he was tapped by outgoing President and CEO Kikukawa to become the Japanese company 's first foreign president , a rarity among Japanese listed companies . Only Howard Stringer , Chairman of Sony , Carlos Ghosn , the head of Nissan , and Craig Naylor of Nippon Sheet Glass currently lead Japanese listed companies . According to Woodford , things began to go awry internally when a Japanese magazine , FACTA , published an expose in July questioning exorbitant fees Olympus paid consultants for a 2008 acquisition deal , and extravagant purchase prices of three small companies . Woodford said that when he began asking Kikukawa and Mori about the deal , he was stonewalled . Tensions escalated until October 14 when at a board meeting Woodford was fired by a unanimous vote . What was the cover-up ? According to a December 6 report issued by the third party set up by the company to investigate Woodford 's claims , the company had inflated fees for the 2008 purchase of Gyrus , a UK medical instruments firm . The fees paid to advisers totaled $ 687 million , nearly one-third of the company 's purchase price . The panel also found the $ 773 million paid for three small Japanese companies -- a face cream maker , a plastic container maker and a recycling business , each with fewer than 50 employees -- were exorbitantly priced to cover-up the company 's loses . The problems at Olympus date back to Japan 's booming 1980s , according to the report . After the 1985 Plaza Accord on currency , Japan 's yen steeply appreciate in value . To offset the losses Japanese corporations saw on the back of a rising yen , companies like Olympus began dealing highly speculative securities , such as derivatives trading , the report said . By 1990 , the losses had mounted and a series of chief executives , ending with Kikukawa , kept the losses secret . The losses were hidden through an intricate scheme that diverted cash through a Cayman Islands account . Police in several countries are still investigating the transaction -- so far , no one has been arrested in the scheme . Was the Japanese mafia involved ? There have been some published reports that the Japanese mafia may have been involved in helping to hide the assets . While criminal investigators may still examine that possibility , the independent committee report said it did not find any involvement of "  antisocial forces " in its investigations . What 's next ? After his ouster , Woodford talked to investigators in three continents , Japanese legislators about improving corporate governance in the company , and campaigned to retake the helm of the company . Woodford sought the resignation of the entire Olympus board and new management for the company . The Olympus board said it plans to step down , but not until after a special shareholder meeting expected in April to chart the new management direction of the company . In January , citing lack of support from Japanese institutional investors , Woodford abandoned his drive to return to the company , but said he plans to file suit for wrongful termination .	NEW : Seven men arrested in connection with $ 1.7 billion Olympus Corp fraud Ex-Chairman Tsuyoshi Kikukawa and two other former executives detained Company executives hid $ 1.7 billion in losses in bad investments from the 1990s Ex-CEO Michael Woodford was fired in October when he questioned shady transactions
With arms around each other 's shoulders , Wu Yebin and An Wei strolled past rows of food booths and game stalls along the main road cutting through their small village in northern China one recent Friday morning . Looking like two buddies soaking in the sights and sounds of the village fair , the young men wearing matching rings blended in perfectly with the local crowd . Their story , however , stands out : They are an openly gay couple living in the Chinese countryside , where homosexuality remains largely taboo . "  They sought medical treatment for me and hired a shaman to exorcise me , " recalled Wu of his family 's reaction when he came out . "  I had to comply -- but at the same time I found information on homosexuality online and shared with them . "  The more they learned , the more accepting they became , " he added . It took his parents several years to come around , but Wu and An -- who had met online and quickly fallen in love -- now live together and run a roadside convenience store next to the Wu family home in rural Hebei province . As news of advancements in gay rights in other countries spreads , the two partners in life and business have been thinking more about cementing their own relationship . "  I hope to see same-sex marriage become legal in China one day , " An , 32 , said . "  We 'll go get the license right away to enjoy all the rights like married straight couples . " "  It 's going to happen , " Wu , 29 , chimed in . "  I bet next year . " Not everyone is so optimistic though . A lesbian couple in Beijing recently saw their marriage application rejected by local officials and video of their futile attempt made the rounds on the Internet . Activists also complain about periodic government crackdowns , citing a recent case in May . In the central city of Changsha , a 19-year-old activist leading a street rally against homophobia was jailed for 12 days . Local police accused him of "  holding an illegal protest " in a statement . "  They are n't just targeting gay groups , " said Xiaogang Wei , a prominent gay rights advocate who heads the Beijing Gender Health Education Institute . "  The authorities are increasingly worried about the organizational capability of various rights groups , especially when we band together , because it could challenge their political power . "  Sometimes we have to take to the streets to raise the visibility of our cause , " he added . "  It stirs discussion and debate , which could eventually lead to more understanding and acceptance . " Homosexuality is not illegal in China and the Communist government has long removed it from the official list of mental disorders , but activists and experts agree that prejudices and discrimination persist . "  Gay people still ca n't make their voices heard and they have no representation in the legislature , " said Li Yinhe , a renowned sociologist with the Chinese Academy of Social Science . In China , LGBT citizens seek acceptance Li conducted China 's first comprehensive surveys on gay men and published her findings in a popular 1992 book . For more than a decade , she has been calling on national legislators to legalize same-sex marriage but sees a prolonged uphill battle ahead . "  This is an issue affecting a minority group and ranks really low on the government 's agenda , " she said . Opposition to a different kind of "  gay marriage , " however , has become a priority for many activists . Unlike in the West , experts say the vast majority of gay people in China -- especially men -- stay in the closet and marry the opposite sex . Noting the lack of hostility toward homosexuality throughout Chinese history , Li explains that the Confucian concept of carrying on the family line is "  the only thing akin to religion in traditional Chinese culture . "  That 's why so many gay men are put under tremendous pressure to get married and have children , especially in the countryside . " An had three girlfriends and almost tied the knot with the last one . Wu was married to a woman for 40 days -- and regrets have dogged him since . "  Sometimes when I lie on bed , I think of my ex-wife and still feel guilty , " he said , recalling how much she cried during their brief sexless marriage . "  My momentary lapse of judgment ruined her life : Even though I never touched her , it 'd be hard for her to find an ideal husband as a divorcee . " State media has cited one estimate putting the number of Chinese women married to gay men at more than 10 million . Sociologist Li calls those unions "  tragedies " and has counseled many women in such marriages . While a nationwide support network has emerged to help so-called "  gay wives " -- or "  tongqi " in Chinese -- break free , observers note a small but growing number of young gay men in big cities marrying lesbians to placate families and maintain their lifestyles at the same time . Wu and An are no fans of such arrangements , and predict personal and financial complications . After he met An , Wu started tweeting on Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter with more than 300 million users . By telling his own story and re-posting news on global gay rights campaigns , Wu hopes to inspire more closeted gay Chinese to come out . Remembering his own days of feeling lonely , helpless and even suicidal , Wu points to his experience as evidence of progress and hope in gay acceptance in China -- even in the most unlikely families and places . Back at the village fair , Wu and An -- whose rural hometown has no cinemas let alone gay bars -- paused for a "  face-changing " opera performance as an actor quickly switched colorful masks on stage without revealing his identity . After cheering the entertainer , the two young men who have taken off their "  masks " in real life moved on to buy groceries as meat and vegetable sellers greeted them as old friends . "  Many people say they admire us -- they say we did something amazing , " Wu said . "  We are just two ordinary people who came out to our families so that we can live with our loved ones . " And maybe one day , get married .	Wu Yebin and An Wei live in rural China where homosexuality remains largely taboo They dream of seeing same-sex marriage becoming legal in China one day Homosexuality not illegal in China , long-removed from official list of "  mental disorders " Activists and experts agree that prejudices and discrimination persist
CNN  -- "  Hannah Montana : The Movie " is exactly what it purports to be , no more , no less : a two-hour version of a "  Hannah Montana " TV episode . Miley Cyrus stars as Hannah Montana -- and Miley Stewart -- in "  Hannah Montana : The Movie . " Hannah 's popularity becomes too much for Miley Stewart  Cyrus  . Miley retreats to Tennessee , learns what really matters , performs some songs and kisses a boy , and everything turns out all right in the end . Peter Chelsom -- whose checkered career includes the terrific "  Funny Bones " and "  Hear My Song " as well as the bomb "  Town & Country " -- handled the direction . It 's a sunny movie for Easter weekend . There are no Blofelds threatening the world , no sexual intercourse with pies , no bodies shot into pieces by machine guns smuggled in cocaine . Just sweet Miley Cyrus , her soul-patched dad and the huge Disney movie machine humming along . Watch Miley and Billy Ray Cyrus talk about "  Hannah " " Which means that perfect counterprogramming is "  Observe and Report , " which walks a fine line between brilliant and revolting . CNN.com 's Tom Charity thinks it 's great ; the New York Press ' Armond White calls it "  the ugliest , most hate-filled comedy since ` Borat . ' "  Which , for many , could make "  Observe " a must-see ; if White wanted to discourage people , he should have said "  the ugliest , most hate-filled comedy since ` Waiting . ' " Also opening this weekend is "  Dragonball : Evolution , " and , for a handful of markets , there 's "  Anvil ! : The Story of Anvil , " about an '80s metal band that never grasped the brass ring but whose history certainly makes for entertaining watching . That film is earning a 98 percent rating at Rotten Tomatoes and 83 percent at Metacritic , some of the highest marks of the year . Watch a preview of "  Dragonball " " On the DVD front , more 2008 holiday movies have found their way on to video , including "  Yes Man , " "  Bedtime Stories , " "  The Day the Earth Stood Still " and "  Doubt , " the latter of which was nominated for five Oscars . That 's five more than "  Yes Man , " "  Bedtime Stories " or "  The Day the Earth Stood Still , " for what it 's worth . Bob Mould , Neil Young and the Doves released albums last week ; among the acts putting out albums Tuesday are Fastball and Silversun Pickups .  And now "  The Way " is running through my mind .  Watch an interview with country star Jason Aldean " So , not a bad Easter weekend -- and it will conclude  more or less  with the final round of the Masters golf tournament . Miley Cyrus will probably not be there . She 's got some wholesome singing to do .	"  Hannah Montana : The Movie " opens this weekend , starring Miley Cyrus "  Observe and Report " is "  Hannah 's " opposite : crude and cutting Masters golf tournament ends Sunday
CNN  -- Two civil lawsuits against the company that owns the private jet that crashed Sunday in northern Mexico -- presumably killing music star Jenni Rivera -- accuse the firm of lying about its links to a businessman convicted of falsifying maintenance records . Insurance firms QBE and Commerce & Industry Insurance Company filed suits this year seeking to rescind its contracts with aviation company Starwood Management because of alleged falsehoods . In short , the insurance companies claim that Starwood lied in its application for coverage about the history of the planes being insured and about the true owner of the company . Starwood is the owner of the Learjet that crashed Sunday in Mexico , most likely killing Rivera , who has not been found . DNA tests are currently being conducted to confirm the identities of the remains found at the crash site . Read more : Jenni Rivera is mourned , but still inspires Rivera was a Mexican-American star with a rising cross-border appeal . She sang traditional Mexican ballads and was nominated for a Latin Grammy Award in 2002 in the category of "  Best Banda Album . " The lawsuits against Starwood focus on the man who signed the insurance paperwork on its behalf , Ed Nunez . Nunez 's full name , the insurance companies claim , is Christian Edward Esquino Nunez , a businessman with a criminal record that includes falsifying airplane records . The registered owner of Starwood , Norma Gonzalez , or her representatives were not immediately available . In an unrelated lawsuit , Starwood admits that the company gave power of attorney to Ed Nunez to sign documents but denies that the man has any ownership or management role in the company . The sole member of Starwood is Norma Gonzalez , the court document states . The pair of lawsuits from the insurance companies , however , tell another story . The QBE lawsuit claims that Ed Nunez , also known as Christian Esquino , is the "  alter ego " of Starwood , and that he is tied to the operations , assets and ownership of the firm in a way that makes him "  inseparable " from the company . The convicted businessman 's history may be troublesome to observers of Sunday 's crash . Additional court records reviewed by CNN show that under the name Eduardo Nunez , the businessman was indicted by a federal grand jury in 2002 of falsifying logbooks to obtain airworthiness certificates from the Federal Aviation Administration . He pleaded guilty . Esquino , a Mexican national , pleaded guilty in 2004 of participating in a scheme in which he "  obtained a counterfeit Mexican inspection stamp , which was used to make entries in the fraudulently created logbooks , concerning the airworthiness for aircraft engines , propellers and airframes , as well as , certify completed 25 - , 50 - and 100-hour aircraft inspections , " the criminal complaint states . He sold those planes at a higher price , according to court records . The Learjet in which Rivera was traveling , built in 1969 , was not one of the aircraft cited in any of the legal action , records indicate . Another case filed against Esquino in 1993 resulted in a conviction for "  the concealment from the IRS of the existence , source and transfer of cash " for which he was sentenced to five years in prison . According to court documents obtained by CNN , Esquino has a criminal record dating to 1991 , when he pleaded guilty to one count of "  aiding and abetting a false loan application . " He was then sentenced to three years on probation . Opinion : America missed out on getting to know Jenni Rivera In April 1991 , Esquino was arrested and subsequently indicted on one count of "  conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine , " according to court records . He pleaded guilty . The insurance companies claim that they would not have provided coverage for Starwood if they had known about such a criminal history . They allege that Esquino simply went by the name Nunez instead and failed to report his past . Civil aviation officials say they believe no one survived Sunday 's crash . Yet Rivera 's family says hope is the last thing to go . Authorities would not describe the condition of the remains but said they do not know how many people they belong to . The remains were found Tuesday at the site of the wreckage and were transported to Monterrey , the same city the private Learjet took off from , said Priscila Rivas , spokeswoman for the state 's public ministry . It is too early to tell if Rivera 's remains were among those found , Rivas said , but DNA tests are under way . Test results could take anywhere from a day to weeks , she said . Rivera 's brother , Lupillo , arrived in Monterrey Tuesday from the family 's home in Lakewood , California . Before he left California , he described the situation as "  95 % bad news " but added that the family is clinging to the small hope that Jenni Rivera somehow survived . A makeshift altar with flowers , balloons and candles appeared on the family 's front lawn . "  I trust in God , and he gives me strength , " said Rivera 's mother , Rosa Rivera . "  I know that if indeed  she 's dead  , I would thank God for the time he shared her with me , for the precious time she called me Mother . " Six others , including two pilots , were thought to be on board the plane , which lost contact with air traffic controllers soon after takeoff . Born in Long Beach , California , to Mexican immigrant parents , Rivera , 43 , released her debut album in 1999 , according to her website . In October , People en Espanol named Rivera to its list of the 25 most powerful women . Famous for her music , she is also known for her tumultuous personal life . The singer was a single mom at the age of 15 , is thrice-married and the mother of five , her website said . Rivera 's "  I Love Jenni " reality show began airing on Telemundo 's mun2 network last year . She is a judge on the popular TV show "  The Voice Mexico , " which was scheduled to air Sunday night on Televisa . Noting its concern for Rivera , Televisa said it would air a special report on the singer instead . "  To all her fans who are suffering , I say thank you , and do n't suffer . Soon we will have news of her , " Rosa Rivera said . Flashback : Jenni Rivera reflects on her success CNN 's Jaqueline Hurtado and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Two lawsuits link owner of plane carrying Jenni Rivera to man in trouble with the law The lawsuits allege that Christian Eduardo Esquino Nunez is linked to aviation company Esquino has been convicted of falsifying plane maintenance records The aviation company denies in court documents that the man works for them
CNN  -- An infant falls to his death from a second-story window while his parents are making love . Charlotte Gainsbourg and Willem Dafoe star in the Lars von Trier drama "  Antichrist . " The mother  Charlotte Gainsbourg  is consumed with grief and guilt . She 's hospitalized and sedated for days and weeks before her husband  Willem Dafoe  , a therapist , insists she return home . He gets rid of all her medications . He will be her partner and her grief counselor , and he will see her through this , if only she will place her trust in him . Not a good idea for either of them , as it turns out . Halloween is nearly upon us , but "  Antichrist " is a mighty strange kind of horror movie , a wrenching psychodrama for two-thirds of its running time before collapsing into a steaming heap of deranged sadism and supernatural symbolism in the outrageous third act . The movie 's peculiarity can be accounted for in three words : Lars von Trier . The Danish provocateur twice won prestigious honors at the Cannes Film Festival  with "  Breaking the Waves " and "  Dancer in the Dark "  and re-energized European art cinema in the 1990s with the Dogme movement 's so-called "  Vows of Chastity . " It 's not often that an art-house director takes up the implements to make a horror film , and for a while , "  Antichrist " compels with its anguished intensity and audacious stylistic choices , not least the severity that keeps the focus exclusively on this man and woman , neither of whom is named . The prologue -- the child 's death -- is a luxurious , slow-motion rhapsody of explicit sex , black-and-white photography and baroque music , commingling with the infant 's almost ersatz tragedy and finding perfunctory counterpoint in banal close-ups of the family 's washer-dryer .  There may be a deliberate echo here of the famous sex scene in Nicolas Roeg 's "  Do n't Look Now , " a far more keenly calibrated examination of grief succumbing to the supernatural . Dafoe and Gainsbourg are riveting as the ill-matched couple . He 's an implacable rationalist , urging her to confront her fears and venture into the darkest recesses of her psyche . She 's not sure he 's ready to share that torment with her . Their bitter , sometimes sourly funny back-and-forth fleetingly echoes the railing , pugnacious and remorseful men and women we find again and again in Strindberg and Bergman . Of course , when those great Scandinavian dramatists wanted to shock us with the ferocity of the battle of the sexes and show a married couple going at it tooth and nail , their only weapons were words . Mindful that he 's up against "  Hostel , " "  Saw " and the like , Herr von Trier ups the ante considerably . Hiking to a log cabin in the mountains to uncover the apex of his wife 's fears  it could be anywhere , but let 's imagine we 're in the neighborhood of Burkittsville  , the doctor 's little experiment in exposure therapy ends in crushed genitals and , uh , worse . Much worse . It 's safe to say von Trier knows this climax is over the top : "  Chaos reigns ! " announces a fox , in perfect English , just as the movie goes off the deep end . Chaos reigns all right , and Gainsbourg 's traumatized mom is transformed nonsensically into a raving psycho witch-bitch . This director has often been accused of misogyny for the punishments that befall his heroines -- spuriously , in my opinion . But this time the boot is on the other foot , and for once the charge seems to stick ; no matter that the first half of the movie suggests Dafoe 's smug therapist is due for a comeuppance . Apparently someone had a seizure when the movie showed at the New York Film Festival recently . When I caught up with it at the Vancouver International Film Festival two weeks ago , the screening was punctuated with the single loudest shriek I 've ever heard in the theatre -- that would have been when Gainsbourg gets out the scissors for a spot of ad hoc auto-surgery . There also was a very vociferous walk-out : a gentleman who fairly barked "  You get what you pay for , folks " as he made for the exit a full 20 minutes before the end . That unhappy camper had a point . Either von Trier is barking up the wrong tree , or he 's pandering to the basest instincts of an audience that 's seen it all before and still demands more , more , more . Beautifully shot by Anthony Dod Mantle and acted with raw conviction , "  Antichrist " is a calamitous atrocity from a major filmmaker , nothing more and nothing less . If you do n't believe me , go ask the talking fox . "  Antichrist " is not rated and runs 104 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's review , click here .	"  Antichrist " has met with vitriolic reaction at film festivals Lars von Trier film stars Willem Dafoe , Charlotte Gainsbourg as troubled couple Horror goes from moody to over-the-top and graphic To CNN.com 's Tom Charity , the film is a "  calamitous atrocity "
CNN  -- If I can help one person battling this disease , who 's fighting for his or her life , stay positive by being stronger , then my goal has been accomplished . Finding inner strength at a time when being strong seems like such an impossibility is what can pull you through cancer . The kids at Seattle Children 's Hospital got me out of bed on days that I would n't want to . Kids are resilient . They 'd knock on my door and force me out of bed . Force me to walk -- with tubes in their noses , barf buckets resting on tricycle handlebars , beads of courage clinking from their IV poles . THAT was awesome . Every day was a lesson . It 's a lesson no one is prepared for , and ironically , you have no time to prepare . You are thrown into this , this nightmare , and within hours , your life , your plans , your goals , your future has completely changed . My proudest moment was during a scary clinic visit when I toyed with going into septic shock . My fever spiked , and my blood pressure plummeted -- never a good combination with no immune system . I was minutes away from ICU , and I do n't know what happened , but I rallied and fought , and my numbers turned around . The most awesome moment was walking out of the hospital for the last time . Done . Never looking back . People need to know what goes on behind the walls on the oncology floor . It 's the scariest , most wonderful place you could ever observe . A monumental will to live . A child 's naivete . A parent 's reality , holding onto a tiny thread of hope . These kids exude strength , and it was their courageous fight that made ME stronger . That I will never forget .	Chris Rumble 's music video at Seattle Children 's Hospital went viral Rumble was diagnosed with leukemia at the age of 22 Rumble now plays NCAA Division I ice hockey
CNN  -- London police have dropped an investigation into Premier League referee Mark Clattenburg after he was accused of using inappropriate language towards a footballer from Chelsea . The official was the subject of a complaint to the Football Association  FA  from Chelsea after their 3-2 defeat by Manchester United in October but vehemently denies their claims . The club claimed Clattenburg used "  inappropriate language , " thought to be of a racist nature , during an exchange with their Nigerian midfielder John Obi Mikel . Subsequently , the Society of Black Lawyers made a complaint to the Metropolitan police , who now say the probe has been shelved due to a lack of evidence . A statement read : "  An investigation was launched into alleged comments made during a football match between Chelsea FC and Manchester United FC at Stamford Bridge on 28 October 2012 . "  This follows on from a complaint received by the Metropolitan Police Service on 29 October . Enquires were made and no victims have come forward . The matter will remain as a recorded incident . "  Without a victim and/or any evidence that any offence has been committed , the matter can not currently be investigated . "  If the situation changes and a victim and/or evidence to support an allegation of a crime comes to police attention then further enquiries will if appropriate be made . " Clattenburg has not officiated a match since Chelsea filed their report with the FA , and the 37-year-old looks set to be kept out of the firing line until their investigation is completed . That could be as early as Wednesday , as the English game 's governing body strives to prevent the issue dragging on as other racism cases that have dogged soccer of late . Chelsea captain John Terry has only recently completed a four match ban for using racist language during a Premier League game with Queens Park Rangers in October 2011 . The FA could only reach their own verdict after Terry 's case had been heard in a criminal court and in July the former England captain was found not guilty of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand , brother of Manchester United defender Rio . Chelsea chairman Bruce Buck rejected criticism of the club on Tuesday after they were labeled hypocritical for their handling of the Clattenburg and Terry situations . He told the London Evening Standard newspaper : "  Suppose we had tried to sweep this under the rug and said to the various players , ` Look , it 's not a big deal and the press are going to be all over us , maybe you want to reconsider . ' "  If that had leaked out , we would 've really been crucified . The press seem to juxtapose ` our support ' of John Terry and what 's going on here and looking at us as being a bit hypocritical . We have to divorce the John Terry situation from this . " Last season Liverpool striker Luis Suarez was banned for eight matches after being found guilty of racially abusing Manchester United 's French defender Patrice Evra . Recently , a number of black players refused to wear T-shirts promoting an anti-racism campaign in protest at a perceived lack of action about the problem .	Police drop their investigation into Premier League referee Mark Clattenburg The official was the subject of a complaint from Chelsea back in October Club allege he made inappropriate comments to their player John Obi Mikel Society of Black Lawyers referred the complaint to the Metropolitan police
CNN  -- Lenny Dykstra , the former New York Mets outfielder who became a successful self-taught investor , was sentenced Monday to 6 1/2 months in federal custody following bankruptcy fraud and other federal charges , authorities announced Monday . Dykstra , 49 , faced 20 years in prison but prosecutors recommended 2 1/2 years following his guilty plea to three felony counts -- bankruptcy fraud , concealment of assets and money laundering , according to U.S. Attorney spokesman Thom Mrozek . Dykstra is already serving a three-year state prison sentence after pleading no contest in July to grand theft auto in a separate case . The federal indictment stemmed from a bankruptcy case that Dykstra filed on July 7 , 2009 . Dykstra was accused of removing , destroying and selling property that was part of the bankruptcy estate without the permission of the bankruptcy trustee . In the bankruptcy filing , Dykstra had listed assets of $ 24.6 million and overall debts of $ 37.1 million . Among the assets listed were two residences : a Ventura County mansion in Lake Sherwood Estates he had purchased from hockey legend Wayne Gretzky valued at $ 18.5 million , and a home in Westlake Village that he estimated was worth $ 5.4 million . During his financial turmoil , Dykstra 's personal property became part of the bankruptcy estate that would be used to pay off creditors . In his guilty plea in July , Dykstra specifically admitted he committed bankruptcy fraud by lying about whether he had taken and sold items from his $ 18 million Sherwood mansion after creditors seized the property . Dykstra also admitted that there were at least 10 creditors who were victims of his crimes , and those victims each lost between $ 200,000 and $ 400,000 . Dykstra , who was nicknamed "  Nails " for his all-out playing style , was a key member of the New York Mets team that won the 1986 World Series . By the time he retired after 12 seasons , he had earned at least $ 36.5 million while a major leaguer , according to Baseball-Reference . com . As a self-taught financial analyst , Dykstra proclaimed himself a financial guru and began writing a stock-picking website column . His prominence soared as a sports celebrity , entrepreneur and popular guest on numerous financial news broadcasts . In 2008 , Dykstra began publishing the Players Club , a glossy financial advice magazine exclusively for pro athletes to help them with wealth management and investment banking . Former baseball star makes plea deal in auto thefts But Dykstra seemed to lose control of his extravagant jet-setting lifestyle during the housing bust . When Dykstra filed for bankruptcy in 2009 , his only income was a $ 5,700 monthly pension from Major League Baseball , records show . As part of the federal sentence , U.S. District Judge Dean Pregerson ordered Dykstra to perform 500 hours of community service and pay $ 200,000 in restitution . He also was sentenced earlier this year to nine months in jail after pleading no contest to charged of indecent exposure to women he met through Craigslist .	Former Mets star amassed fortune playing baseball and investing in stocks He had faced up to 20 years but pleaded guilty to three felonies Dykstra admitted he had sold items from his mansion after creditors seized property He was already in prison , serving a three-year sentence for another crime
CNN  -- Espanyol captain Daniel Jarque has died from a heart attack while on a pre-season training camp in Italy . Jarque 's death has stunned Barcelona-based Espanyol . The 26-year-old defender died at the hotel where the team were staying in the town of Coviciana . He was found after teammates realized he had not come for an evening meal . Club doctors and Italian paramedics tried to revive Jarque , a product of the Espanyol youth system , but without success . Jarque 's death comes two years after the death , also from heart failure , of Sevilla defender Antonio Puerta , who died after collapsing in the opening game of the Spanish Primera Liga season . It is shattering blow for the Barcelona-based club , who beat Liverpool 3-0 in a pre-season friendly as part of their preparation for the start of La Liga with Jarque playing in the match . A statement on the club Web site , www.rcdespanyol.cat confirmed the terrible news on Saturday night . "  Tragedy struck Espanyol and the family of Dani Jarque this evening . The blanquiazul player died from a cardiac arrest . " "  The doctor Cervera carried out CPR on the player and used a defibrillator , which showed that the arrest was non-responsive . "  The medical services continued carrying out CPR , administering adrenaline and atropine for an hour , but the player 's heart did not react , so finally that determined his death . "  RCD Espanyol , broken with pain , wish to put themselves at the absolute disposition of the family of our captain Dani Jarque , to whom go our warmest thoughts . " Espanyol , who had been due to play Italian side Bologna on Sunday , have suspended their pre-season tour of Italy and will fly back to Barcelona . Jarque joined Espanyol at the age of 12 , making his debut in 2002 , and was given the captaincy this summer as a reward for his strong performances .	Espanyol captain Daniel Jarque dies of heart attack on Italy training camp Jarque , 26 , could not be revived after being found in hotel room Tragedy comes two years after death of Sevilla player Alberto Puenta
CNN  -- Nearly a million acres were burning as 21 wildfires raged in the Pacific Northwest on Sunday , fire officials said . The unconfined fires in Oregon and Washington , mostly ignited by lightning from thunderstorms that swept through the region a week ago , covered 942,247 by Sunday , Northwest Interagency Coordination Center spokeswoman Carol Connolly said . The 21 large fires are the most the region has seen on the landscape at one time , she said . According to Okanogan County , Washington , Sheriff Frank Rogers , one person died attempting to protect his home from the flames . Authorities arrested two people over the weekend on suspicion of arson , the sheriff said . They set backfires to protect their property . More than 150 structures have been lost . The sheriff expects that number to go up . "  I 've been here 30 years , never seen anything like this , " Rogers said . According to Connolly , firefighters from across the United States , including Mississippi , Illinois , New Mexico , Utah and Montana , have joined the battle , bringing to 8,928 the number of people involved in trying to contain the fires . There are 35 "  hot shot " crews involved , she said . Health officials in Washington and Idaho are warning residents that smoke drifting eastward from the Washington wildfires would create unhealthy air . "  The biggest health threat comes from the fine particles in smoke , " the National Weather Service said . "  These can cause burning eyes , runny nose , bronchitis and other illnesses . Smokey air can also aggravate heart and lung disease , and even lead to death . " Hundreds evacuated as Washington wildfire grows What to know about wildfires CNN 's Dave Alsup and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Wildfires cover 942,247 acres in the Pacific Northwest on Sunday The 21 large fires are the most the region has seen at one time , an official says Health officials in Washington and Idaho warning smoke creates unhealthy air
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Oil from a small leak in Brazilian waters -- the second in less than two months -- has reached the shores of Rio de Janeiro state , environmental authorities said . The oil was discovered on Bonfim Beach during a flyover Sunday , according to the state environmental secretariat . The oil is believed to be from a Japanese-operated oil platform that leaked 63 barrels on Friday in the picturesque waters around Ilha Grande and Angra dos Reis , the agency said . In early November , some 3,000 barrels of oil spilled into the ocean at a deep-water well drilled by U.S. oil giant Chevron . In response to the spill , Brazilian federal prosecutors filed a suit last week against Chevron and oil rig operator Transocean Ltd. for about $ 11 billion . The civil suit also seeks to halt the companiesÂ ¹ operations in Brazil . In the case of this second spill , authorities said they would initially levy a $ 5.4 million fine on Modec , the rig operator . The accidents , though small , are getting high-profile treatment as Brazil begins to develop more deep-water sites in extreme depths off the coast of the state of Rio . Extraction will require extremely complicated techniques but Brazil hopes it will also make the country the third largest oil producer in the world by 2020 .	The oil is on a beach in Rio de Janeiro state The spill is from a Japanese-operated oil rig Brazil plans to develop more offshore oil platforms It wants to be the world 's third largest oil producer by 2020
CNN  -- Move over , Ashton Kutcher . Christian Bale is going to give the role of Steve Jobs a go . Aaron Sorkin has confirmed to Bloomberg that the "  Dark Knight " actor has been cast in an upcoming biopic about the Apple co-founder . Sorkin , who wrote the screenplay for the acclaimed film "  The Social Network , " about the founding of Facebook , is at the helm of the picture and said of Bale 's casting , "  What we needed was the best actor . " "  He really is a phenomenal actor , " Sorkin said . "  He did n't have to audition . " Bale will be in every scene , Sorkin said , and it 's an "  extremely difficult part . " "  He 's going to crush it , " Sorkin assured . The film is reportedly based on the "  Steve Jobs " biography by Walter Isaacson , which the late Jobs sanctioned . Jobs died in 2011 following a long battle with pancreatic cancer . Kutcher portrayed the innovator in the 2013 film "  Jobs . " Bale -- best known for playing Bruce Wayne/Batman in the "  Dark Knight " trilogy -- will next be seen in Ridley Scott 's "  Exodus : Gods and Kings . "	Screenwriter Aaron Sorkin confirmed Bale as the star The new film is based on a Jobs-approved biography Sorkin said Bale will "  crush it "
CNN  -- The driver in Thursday 's bus crash in Texas was investigated but not indicted in a fatal accident 15 years ago , according to court documents . Two people were killed and dozens rushed to hospitals after a charter bus bound for Oklahoma overturned on a Dallas-area turnpike Thursday morning . The driver is 65-year-old Loyd Rieve , the Texas Department of Public Safety said . He was investigated in a 1998 accident , but a grand jury declined to indict him on a charge of criminally negligent homicide . In that accident , Rieve was driving a bus that ran over a good Samaritan helping at an accident scene . 2 killed in Dallas-area bus crash The bus driver was injured in the Thursday accident , which occurred on the President George Bush Turnpike in Irving . It involved only one vehicle . Department of Public Safety spokesman Sgt. Lonny Haschel told CNN the bus went off the right side of the road , hit a barrier , swerved left across lanes of traffic and struck a concrete median in a grassy area . "  It rode up on top of that concrete barrier , and then rolled on its right hand side , where it came to rest , " Haschel said . The bus , owned by Dallas-area charter company Cardinal Coach Line , was taking passengers to Choctaw Casino in Durant , Oklahoma , the department said . Haschel said it 's too early to determine a cause . Investigators are looking at several factors , including the vehicle and physical evidence on the road . The National Transportation Safety Board said it has sent two investigators to the scene of the wreck . "  It 's going to be a lengthy investigation , " Haschel said . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	A grand jury declined to indict him on a charge of criminally negligent homicide 15 years ago The driver was injured in the Thursday accident The bus was headed to an Oklahoma casino The NTSB has sent investigators to the scene
CNN  -- Iraq has executed a high-ranking aide to the late ruler Saddam Hussein , a government spokesman said Thursday . The Justice Ministry carried out the execution of Abid Hamid Mahmud al-Tikriti , who was Hussein 's personal secretary , national security adviser and senior bodyguard , spokesman Ali a-Dabbagh said . Al-Tikriti was the "  ace of diamonds " in the U.S. military 's card deck of 55 most-wanted Iraqis . He was No. 4 on the list , behind Hussein and his sons Uday and Qusay . He and members of Hussein 's special security forces were captured in a 2003 raid by U.S. Special Operations Forces near the north-central Iraq town of Tikrit . The Iraqi High Tribunal had sentenced al-Tikriti to death for genocide and crimes against humanity . The 2003 U.S.-led invasion toppled Hussein 's Sunni-dominated regime . Hussein was hanged in December 2006 after being found guilty of crimes against humanity in the killings of Shiite villagers in 1982 .	Abid Hamid Mahmud al-Tikriti was Saddam Hussein 's national security adviser Al-Tikriti was the regime 's most wanted official next to Hussein and his sons He had been sentenced to death for genocide and crimes against humanity
Parenting.com  -- Like many toddlers , little Kate Davis attends a mommy-and-me story time and playgroup in her hometown of Elgin , Illinois . Although it sounds lovely , it 's a source of anguish  some call it working-mommy guilt  for her mother , because Kate attends with her nanny , Sarah , and not with her mother . "  I 'm happy Kate gets to go , but I feel guilty that I 'm not the one taking her , " says Jenny Davis , who hired Sarah a year ago to take care of Kate while both she and her husband work . Parenting.com : Moms ' dirty little secrets "  I feel jealous that they do fun things together while I 'm the one who forces Kate to eat the vegetables she hates . I make dinner , give her a bath , brush her teeth , and then she 's off to bed . There 's no time to goof off . " While this is n't uncommon , there are easy solutions , says parenting expert Michelle LaRowe , author of "  Nanny to The Rescue ! " and "  A Mom 's Ultimate Book of Lists . " For example , there 's no reason why mom should n't get in on the fun . "  When parents come home , I recommend they change into play clothes , put down their phones and transition into family time . As soon as they walk in the door , they should get down on child 's level to help her warm up to you , " says LaRowe . Parenting.com : How to handle annoying advice What happens if you feel like the nanny may even be a better mom than you are ? "  Kate has tantrums if you give her water instead of orange juice , " Davis says . "  But Sarah will just ask her to get her cup and drink the water , and she 'll accept it . " The nanny also seems better able to control stressful situations , like when Kate throws food from her high chair to alert everyone she 's done . "  Maybe it 's because Sarah is right on top of her , and I 'm trying to load the dishwasher and get household chores done at the same time , " Davis says . Parenting.com : 20 of the greatest mom tips , ever LaRowe says nannies may actually have an easier time disciplining because they 're not the mom . "  While nannies genuinely love the children in their care , they are n't ruled by emotions when setting boundaries . It may be more convenient to give in , but due to experience , they 're aware of the consequences , " says LaRowe , adding that busy moms might try to reduce multitasking . "  The simplest of child-care tasks , like bathing , diaper changing or feeding , can provide wonderful bonding opportunities . " Sarah is , of course , also a pro . "  The reality is that many nannies do have more parenting skills than parents , " says LaRowe . "  For a mom to realize that someone else can meet her child 's needs faster is hard . Parenting.com : How becoming a mom changes you And what if your kid just seems to love the nanny more than she loves you ? Unlikely , says LaRowe . Kids may cry when the nanny leaves or even call her mama , but mothers should n't see this behavior as a potential "  The Hand That Rocks The Cradle " moment where a sitter is trying to steal your family . "  Developmentally , once a baby says dada and mama , they say it about everything and everyone . They 're just babbling , " explains LaRowe . Think of it this way : For many multitasking modern moms like Davis , a nanny can be a life raft . After all , the hit show about child-care providers is called "  Nanny 911 " , not It 's Nice To Have A Nanny . The key is to trust your caregiver -- and give yourself a break . In many ways , you 're bettering the life of your child by giving her a greater circle of loving caregivers . Says LaRowe , "  Early interactions with a loving , nurturing and consistent caregiver can teach a child about forming non-familial relationships that foster healthy self-esteem . A baby can never receive too much love . And since many nannies take on other household tasks , you may be able to check the children 's laundry , meal preparation and grocery shopping off your list . " That might give you more time to make up for any daytime cuddles you 're missing . Says LaRowe , "  Do n't worry , a child always knows who her mom is . " Parenting.com : 6 new-mom confidence boosters Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2010 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Woman is jealous because nanny spends more time with daughter Mom forces daughter to eat vegetables and get ready for bed Expert advises parents to play with kids after arriving home Also it 's easier for nannies to discipline kids because they 're not the moms
CNN  -- Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borisov tendered his government 's resignation Wednesday after eight days of nationwide protests over high energy bills , his office said . CNN iReport : Protests in Shumen , Bulgaria The protests against soaring electricity bills have morphed into wider discontent over austerity and the way the country is being run , the official Bulgarian News Agency reported . Parliament will vote Thursday on whether to accept the Cabinet 's resignation , the government said . If it is accepted , the president will announce an election date . "  We will perform our functions until the election of a new Cabinet and we will do everything possible to ensure continuity , " Borisov said in the formal resignation letter read to parliament , according to the Bulgarian News Agency . The government has done its best to respond to the protesters ' demands , the news agency quoted Borisov as saying . Borisov , who has been prime minister since 2009 , earlier told lawmakers his GERB party would not be part of a caretaker government . Bulgaria , a country of just over 7 million people , held its first free multiparty elections since the Second World War in 1990 , according to the CIA World Factbook . Why Bulgaria ? Why now ? CNN 's Christine Theodorou and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Prime Minister Boyko Borisov 's government has resigned from office NEW : Parliament is expected to vote on whether to accept the resignation Thursday Bulgaria has been roiled by public protests for more than a week
Washington  CNN  -- Flights transporting critically injured Haitians to the United States are set to resume Monday morning , according to a spokeswoman for a University of Miami team of volunteers in Port-au-Prince . The flights are scheduled to resume at 11 a.m. Monday , said Nery Ynclan , a spokeswoman for the university 's R. Barth Green , who is leading the team . The flights were temporarily suspended because of logistical issues including space to care for the injured , White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said Saturday . "  Having received assurances that additional capacity exists both here and among our international partners , we determined that we can resume these critical flights , " he said in a statement Sunday . The statement , released Sunday afternoon , said flights would resume "  in the next 12 hours . " The evacuated patients are those whose medical needs could not be met by doctors working in Haiti . Nearly 23,000 people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 earthquake , Vietor said . The missing , the found , the victims Airlifts stopped after there were "  concerns about the strain on domestic health capacity , " Vietor said . But officials have increased the ability to care for patients through a network of nonprofits and U.S. hospitals , he said . Earlier reports also cited questions over who would pay for patients ' care . The flights stopped Wednesday when some states refused to allow entry to Haitians needing care , according to Navy Capt. Kevin Aandahl , a spokesman for the U.S. Transportation Command . He would not say which states objected . In a letter to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius obtained by CNN , Florida Gov. Charlie Crist asked that the federal government activate the National Disaster Medical System to provide reimbursement to Florida and other states for taking in the patients , who have no insurance . Share your stories from Haiti Florida 's health facilities were already strained by winter tourism and seasonal residence migration , Crist said in the letter . But Florida officials said Saturday that the state was committed to assisting Haitian quake victims and had not asked the airlifts be halted . Full coverage Florida will play a role in caregiving once flights resume . The state has identified medical facilities that could take in victims , Vietor said in Sunday 's statement . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	Evacuation flights to U.S. to resume Monday morning , aid group says Flights were temporarily halted Wednesday over logistical issues , White House says Some hospitals lacked space to care for influx of Haitian patients Questions have also been raised about who will pay for their care
CNN  -- Kenyan officials sent mediators into Somalia Sunday after captors took a kidnapped French woman there , a Kenyan government official said . "  We have sent mediators to find out what are their requests or what are their issues , " Kenyan Tourism Minister Najib Balala told CNN . Meanwhile , he said Kenyan security officials were planning their next move and weighing whether to enter Somalia and attack . "  We have realized it is an aggression of foreign people and we can not tolerate it as a government . We believe that if we go into Somalia and also attack on them , I think it will teach them a lesson , " Balala said . A sea battle failed to rescue the French woman , who was seized in Kenya early Saturday , Balala said . But the clashes left two of her captors injured , he said . Gunmen snatched the woman early Saturday from her holiday home in Manda Island , close to where a Briton was abducted and her husband killed last month . They were "  10 heavily armed Somali bandits suspected to be al-Shabaab operatives " from Ras Kamboni , across the border in Somalia , Kenyan security minister George Saitoti said in a statement . Security forces pursued the men as they raced in a high-speed boat toward the border , but despite the Kenya navy injuring several abductors in a shoot-out , they managed to reach Ras Kamboni , according to Saitoti . "  In the meantime , every effort is being made to rescue the victim , " he said . French authorities are not releasing the woman 's name , said Eric Bosc , a spokesman for the French Foreign Affairs Ministry . She is in her 60s and lives in Kenya about six months a year , and French authorities are doing everything they can to free her , the spokesman said . However , Balala identified her as Marie Dedieu , 75 . Kenyan officials and an acquaintance said the woman uses a wheelchair and is not in good health . It is the second kidnapping near the popular tourist town of Lamu in a month . Gunmen fatally shot a British man and kidnapped his wife , Judith Tebbutt , from a safari lodge near the town last month . David Tebbutt was killed in the attack when he resisted , according to Kenyan police . The U.K. Foreign and Commonwealth Office issued revised travel advice to its citizens traveling near the Somali border . "  We advise against all but essential travel to coastal areas within 150 km of the Somali border , following two attacks by armed gangs in small boats against beach resorts in the Lamu area on 11 September and 1 October 2011 , " the statement said . Its previous advice cautioned against travel within 60 kilometers  37 miles  of the border . Security analysts have said Judith Tebbutt is being held by pirates in a remote corner of Somalia . British government officials have asked journalists not to reveal her exact location to avoid abduction attempts from rival gangs . The French embassy in Nairobi urged "  extreme caution " for people visiting Lamu and the surrounding area . Balala said Sunday that Dedieu 's kidnapping was an "  isolated incident " and stressed that the nation 's beaches were safe . "  We are doing everything possible to rescue these two visitors of ours , " he said . "  We value them dearly . " Manda Island is made up of luxury homes and some small hotels . It is directly across a narrow channel from Shella Beach , one of the most popular -- and long considered safest -- tourist spots in Kenya , on Lamu Island . The channel runs straight from the open ocean . It is off-season in the area , an is frequented by Europeans and other expatriates living in Kenya . Hadija Ernst , a resident of the area and editor of the local magazine Chonju , said the abductions have put local residents and tourists on edge . "  The people are actually leaving , the tourists that are here are leaving because of the reports that we 're getting , " she said . Ernst , who knows the kidnapped woman , said she is a "  kind and gentle person . " "  She 's very interested in Swahili culture , the culture of the island here , " she said . Security in the area should have been improved following the first kidnapping , Ernst said . She has not seen any signs of increased security in the area and worries that the tourist economy in the area will suffer . "  So we are all very concerned and we want to see the government take this matter very seriously , " she said . Saitoti called the abduction a serious violation of Kenya 's territorial integrity . CNN 's Zain Verjee and David McKenzie contributed to this report .	NEW : Tourism minister : Security officials weigh whether to attack captors inside Somalia NEW : Kenyan mediators enter Somalia to find out kidnappers ' requests The kidnapped woman is "  a kind and gentle person , " an acquaintance says She was taken by Somali bandits , Kenya 's security minister says
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- A U.S. Marine accused of raping a 19-year-old Japanese woman last year was found guilty Thursday of "  committing wrongful sexual contact and indecent acts , " the U.S. military said , but he was acquitted of rape . The sentencing hearing for Lance Cpl. Larry A. Dean , 20 , is scheduled to begin on Friday . Dean is among four Marines under court-martial in the case . The others are Sgt. Lanaeus J. Braswell , 25 ; Gunnery Sgt. Carl M. Anderson , 39 ; and Gunnery Sgt. Jarvis D. Raynor , 34 , the military said . Local media reported that the four men met the woman in a restaurant in Hiroshima on October 14 , 2007 , then allegedly attacked and raped her in a car in nearby parking lot . Japanese authorities investigated but decided in November not to file charges . Dean also was found guilty of conspiracy to commit indecent acts and two minor charges . He was acquitted of conspiracy to kidnap or rape . The case is similar to a recent alleged sexual assault of a 14-year-old girl involving a U.S. Marine on the southern Japanese island of Okinawa . That case sparked outrage and stirred memories of an earlier rape committed by U.S. servicemen . Staff Sgt. Tyrone Luther Hadnott , 38 , was charged last month with the rape of a child under 16 , abusive sexual contact with a child , making a false official statement , adultery and kidnapping , the military said . In February , Japanese authorities released Hadnott after the girl dropped the allegations , but the Marine Corps conducted its own investigation to see if Hadnott violated codes of military justice . The military is holding him at a Marine facility . More than 40,000 U.S. troops are stationed in Japan , most of them on Okinawa , which accounts for less than 1 percent of Japan 's total area . The U.S. military presence has at times bred resentment among locals , who have long complained about crime , noise and accidents . Anti-American sentiment boiled over in 1995 , after three American servicemen were convicted in the kidnapping and gang rape of a 12-year-old Okinawan schoolgirl . Two years ago , a U.S. civilian military employee was jailed for nine years for raping two women .	Sentencing to begin Friday for Lance Cpl. Larry A. Dean Dean is among four U.S. Marines charged in alleged gang assault of teenager Charged Marines range in age from 20 to 39 U.S. military has bred resentment among locals
CNN  -- A U.S. soldier who survived a shooting this month at a Little Rock , Arkansas , recruitment center said Tuesday that he plans to stay in the Army , and he expressed gratitude for all the military has done for him and his family . Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula says he hopes to eventually become a drill sergeant . "  I like defending this country , " said Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula , 18 . He said he was shot in his back and grazed on his head and "  my rear " in the shooting June 1 . Another soldier , Pvt. William Long , 23 , of Conway , Arkansas , was killed . Authorities said the two were standing outside the recruitment center smoking when Abdulhakim Muhammad , 23 , pulled up and opened fire . Muhammad is charged with one count of capital murder and 16 counts of engaging in a terrorist act , charges stemming from shots fired at an occupied building . Muhammad , a native of Memphis , Tennessee , and a Muslim convert , told authorities that he was "  mad at the U.S. military because of what they had done to Muslims in the past , " Little Rock homicide detective Tommy Hudson said in a police report . Ezeagwula , of Jacksonville , Arkansas , said he was still a little sore but "  doing fine . " Appearing in uniform , he had little to say but added "  sir " or "  ma'am " when responding to reporters ' questions at a news conference . Watch Ezeagwula talk about the incident " A recruiting commander who was with him said Ezeagwula could not comment on whether he is back home or comment at length on the shooting itself because of the ongoing court case . Ezeagwula 's mother , Sonja Ezeagwula , said that when officials called to tell her about the shooting , "  I thought they were calling about my other son showing out at school . " "  I feel very good about him staying in the Army and wanting to represent the United States , " she said . "  I think that 's a wonderful thing , because most people would feel bitter or angry , but he 's not . He does n't feel that way , and I 'm glad . " "  He said , ` Mama , they say I 'm a hero . You believe that ? ' " Sonja Ezeagwula said . "  I said , yeah . ... He was a hero before he got shot . He was our family hero . " She said her son stayed away from gangs and drugs as a youth and was doing something positive . "  He was supposed to have been a statistic from a dysfunctional family . Look what happened . " Ezeagwula and Long were part of a recruiting program called "  hometown recruiting assistance , " under which soldiers tell their stories to potential recruits . Ezeagwula had not been deployed but was headed for Scofield Barracks near Honolulu , Hawaii , the recruiting commander said . Although his departure was delayed , he will still go there , the commander said . Ezeagwula said he joined the Army because "  I just want to help my family out . I thought it was a good way , and then when I got in it , I actually learned to love the Army . " He said he is a construction machinery operator but hopes to eventually become a sergeant and then a drill sergeant . He said he was participating in the recruitment program because he wanted to show his peers that there is more out there beyond Arkansas and that the Army is a good way to see it . He said Long 's family "  welcomed me with open arms " and has been supportive . And he expressed thanks to well-wishers and those who have offered prayers : "  I really appreciate what they have done for my family and Pvt. Long 's family . " "  The Long family , those are some superb people . Extra-special people , " Sonja Ezeagwula said . "  I just thank God . Every day , I thank God . " She said she was amazed by the outpouring of support after the shooting . "  I 'm just overwhelmed with how much love Americans have for this country . I really am . And I 'm glad I got a chance to see it . " She said her family is Christian , "  and we believe when something happens , God will turn it around , " and good will come of it . Asked her feelings about Muhammad , Sonja Ezeagwula said she had no ill feelings toward him but said that she hopes justice is served and that the outcome for him , whatever it may be , is fair . Ezeagwula laughed when asked what runs through his head before he goes to sleep at night . "  I really do n't know , sir , " he said . "  A lot of things run through my mind at night . I 'm still me . I really ca n't pay attention to that kind of stuff . " Ezeagwula said he had known Long for "  almost two weeks . He was a very nice person . " Standing outside the center before the shooting , he said , the two were discussing their trips away from Arkansas . Long said he had been to Georgia , and Ezeagwula had just returned from Missouri . When a reporter asked him whether he would quit smoking now , Ezeagwula did n't answer , but his mother said , "  Yes , " adding that he had told her he stopped before the shooting . "  See how God will reveal it to you ? " she said .	Two privates were shot outside recruiting center last week ; one died Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula says thanks to those who have offered support He is still scheduled to be sent to Scofield Barracks in Hawaii Mother says she hopes shooting suspect 's trial is a fair one
Two prominent newspapers this week used their editorial pages to call for mercy for intelligence leaker Edward Snowden , with one arguing "  he deserves better than a life of permanent exile , fear and flight . " The New York Times and The Guardian make the case for some sort of plea deal or clemency that would allow Snowden to return to the United States from Russia , where he was granted asylum . Mercy or dropped charges have occurred in past cases of other high-profile whistle-blowers , such as Daniel Ellsberg , the military analyst behind the leak of the Pentagon Papers . But in recent years , the United States has aggressively pursued those who leak government secrets . Here 's a look at how the cases of five prominent leakers -- including Snowden -- have played out : Daniel Ellsberg Ellsberg was the military analyst who leaked the 7,000-page Pentagon Papers in 1971 . The top-secret documents revealed that senior U.S. leaders , including three Presidents , knew the Vietnam War was an unwinnable , tragic quagmire . Further , they showed the government had lied to Congress and the public about the progress of the war . Ellsberg surrendered to authorities and was charged as a spy . During his trial , the court learned that President Richard Nixon 's administration had embarked on a campaign to discredit Ellsberg , illegally wiretapping him and breaking into his psychiatrist 's office . All charges against him were dropped . Since then , he has lived a relatively quiet life as a respected author and lecturer . Chelsea Manning U.S. Army Pvt. Chelsea Manning , who formerly went by the name Bradley , was convicted of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of classified documents and videos to WikiLeaks , the online anti-secrecy group . A military judge sentenced Manning to 35 years -- far less than the effective life sentence that was permitted under law -- minus credit for about 3 1/2 years time served . The judge also reduced Manning 's rank , ordered that pay and benefits be forfeited , and imposed a dishonorable discharge . Manning has applied for a pardon from President Barack Obama . The Obama administration has said it will handle that request no differently than others . Manning 's defenders , including Ellsberg , said he was a hero . Julian Assange Assange is the founder of WikiLeaks , which published hundreds of thousands of secret State Department cables and other information taken by Manning that gave the group global recognition . Assange 's case remains unresolved . For more than a year , Assange has been holed up inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London to avoid extradition to Sweden , where he is wanted for questioning over allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . Assange has repeatedly said the allegations in Sweden are politically motivated and tied to the work of his website . Ecuador 's government granted him asylum , but British authorities have said they will arrest him if he leaves the premises . Mark Felt In 2005 , retired deputy FBI director Felt revealed himself to be the whistle-blower "  Deep Throat " in the Watergate scandal . He anonymously assisted Washington Post reporters Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward with many of their stories about the Nixon administration 's cover-up after the June 1972 break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters . The stories sparked a congressional investigation that eventually led to Nixon 's resignation in 1974 . The Post won a Pulitzer Prize for its coverage . Felt was convicted on unrelated conspiracy charges in 1980 and fined . He was pardoned by President Ronald Reagan before slipping into obscurity for the next quarter century . He died in 2008 at age 95 . Edward Snowden It 's too early to tell Snowden 's ultimate fate . A contentious debate surrounds his case . On one side , many see Snowden as a traitor and criminal for unlawfully taking and disseminating National Security Agency files relating to its mass collection of electronic information , including e-mail and phone data . Others see bravery in Snowden 's actions for bringing a secretive program to light and initiating a national debate about security and privacy . "  Considering the enormous value of the information he has revealed , and the abuses he has exposed , Mr. Snowden deserves better than a life of permanent exile , fear and flight , " the Times editorial said . "  He may have committed a crime to do so , but he has done his country a great service . " Still , U.S. officials have thus far shown no indication they 're considering clemency . Last month , Attorney General Eric Holder said the conversation about balance between security and privacy is important , "  but I would not say what he did is worthy of clemency . " "  It 's not something that I would support , " Holder said . "  I think that he has clearly broken the law and harmed the nation that he claims to love . " What do you think should happen to Edward Snowden ? Leave a comment below .	Two newspapers call for clemency for NSA leaker Edward Snowden The Obama administration is against clemency Leakers in the past have received some mercy More recent cases show tougher consequences for their actions
CNN  -- It 's one of the top 10 most-visited sites worldwide , with over 2 million articles in its English language edition . But is online encyclopedia Wikipedia 's strength -- that anyone can edit it -- also its greatest weakness ? Wikipedia : an invaluable repository of global knowledge or a magnet for digital vandals and hoaxers ? This June , former president of the American Library Association , Michael Gorman hit out at academics who endorsed the use of Wikipedia to their students , saying in the Encyclopaedia Britannica blog that "  a professor who encourages the use of Wikipedia is the intellectual equivalent of a dietician who recommends a steady diet of Big Macs with everything . " Gorman added that Google and Wikipedia were creating a generation of "  intellectual sluggards incapable of moving beyond the Internet , " with no interest in exploring non-digital resources . Gorman 's remarks received a mixed response . Some said that students should be taught to discern whether a source was authoritative . Others pointed to academics who cite Wikipedia , saying it was unfair to prevent students from doing the same . Ben Fairweather , research fellow in the center for computing and social responsibility at De Montfort University , England , was quoted in the Times Higher Education Supplement saying that Internet resources had made research more efficient and removed some of the "  drudgery out of producing good work . " Gorman 's position was that he was not taking issue with the technology per se , but was concerned by the lack of peer review based on an intellectual meritocracy , adding , "  That meritocracy must be based on respect for expertise and learning . " Perhaps surprisingly , this view is shared by Larry Sanger , who was with Wikipedia from the start and is often referred to as a co-founder .  Though that 's up for debate on the site , too .  When he parted ways with Wikipedia , Sanger felt that the site 's vulnerability to vandalism could undermine its reputation . That spurred him to set up "  Citizendium , " a rival wiki-based project where articles are vetted by known experts and authors are required to use their real names . Citizendium launched this year with the aim to become "  the world 's most trusted knowledge base , " though with just 3000 articles to hold to Wikipedia 's 2 million , some would question whether the site can ever catch up . For the most part , Wikipedia is working . A 2005 study by British journal Nature found that the online encyclopedia was about as accurate as its competitors on science . But a commonly cited peril of Wikipedia 's anonymity is vandalism . In one notorious example , journalist John Seigenthaler Sr. was listed as a suspect in both Kennedy assassinations by a prankster : the entry remained up for four months in 2005 . Such abuse tends to get quickly swept away by the site 's volunteers , especially if an article has been placed on a watch list by editors who are interested in the subject . Still , at any given point , Wikipedia visitors ca n't be sure of what they 're getting . Look no further than the Seigenthaler entry : For 31 hours last September , he was said to have killed and eaten JFK . Seigenthaler slammed the site in an opinion piece in USA Today , berating Wikipedia 's "  volunteer vandals with poison-pen intellects . " Some might say that the edits in Seigenthaler 's profile would never have made it into the mainstream media . But those seeking proof of just how much emphasis even professional journalists can place on Wikipedia need look no further than the example of Ronnie Hazlehurst , a British composer of TV theme tunes for shows including "  Yes , Minister " and "  Last of the Summer Wine , " who died this October . According to several high-profile obituaries , including the BBC , Reuters , the London Times and The Guardian , Hazlehurst , at the age of 72 , also penned "  Reach , " a 2000 hit for UK pop combo S Club 7 . The unfortunate writers had omitted to double-check his Wikipedia discography , and collectively fell victim to Wiki-hoaxers . Even those who spot errors in their own profiles can be reluctant to address them . In April this year , Pulitzer Prize-winning author and academic Douglas Hofstadter told the New York Times of his Wikipedia entry , " -LSB- it -RSB- is filled with inaccuracies , and it kind of depresses me . " When asked why he did n't fix it , he replied , "  The next day someone will fix it back . " Wikipedia recognizes that to-and-fro tussling -- or "  edit warring " -- is damaging to its reputation , and some of the more controversial topics -- such as those on Islam , Elvis Presley and abortion -- have been locked to limit who can alter them . But as its reputation as an online resource has grown , the encyclopedia has also become a target for corporate spin . In January this year , the Associated Press reported that Microsoft had offered a blogger cash to alter Wikipedia articles . Microsoft claimed that the articles contained inaccuracies on an open-source document standard and a rival format put forward by the software giant . Then , this summer , Virgil Griffith , a 24-year-old Cal Tech graduate student , unearthed some eyebrow-raising data . Wired.com reported in August that Griffith created an application called WikiScanner that tracks edits that have been made to Wikipedia articles and cross-references them against IP addresses , which can be traced back to companies ' offices . Griffith proved what many had suspected for some time : that edits on company profiles were often originating from IP addresses owned by those companies and even their competitors . Just a few of the corporations listed included Exxon Mobil , Apple , Microsoft and Wal-Mart , along with several politicians ' offices . " "  It was dead easy , " Griffith told Forbes.com . "  I just combined two databases and -- poof -- you have these public relations disasters . " Some of those edits , Wired reported , appeared to be "  transparently self-interested , either adding positive , press release-like material to entries , or deleting whole swaths of critical material . " Wired cited the example of voting-machine company Diebold , "  with someone at the company 's IP address apparently deleting long paragraphs detailing the security industry 's concerns over the integrity of their voting machines , and information about the company 's CEO 's fund-raising for President Bush . " The deleted text was restored by a Wikipedia contributor , who added : "  Please stop removing content from Wikipedia . It is considered vandalism . " So should we turn our backs on Wikipedia -- scratch it and start again ? Absolutely not . As a project -- to gather together our collective knowledge -- Wikipedia is admirable . As a repository for human knowledge , it is invaluable . As an introductory resource on anything from scientific formulae to walk-on characters in TV sitcoms , its breadth is unmatched . Its content is also a priceless reflection of humanity and its concerns . Only a tiny fraction of its vast repository is polluted by vandals , hoaxers and ne'er - do-wells , who in turn are chased down by its dedicated band of editors and administrators . But a resource that can be edited by experts and non-experts alike will always carry risks , and perhaps that 's Wikipedia 's greatest lesson for us all : that its very existence must force us to question notions of accuracy and reliability , while giving us a means to correct errors and add to the global knowledge pot . Two things are certain : no encyclopedia will ever be perfect , and we will never reach consensus on all Wikipedia articles . And in the meantime , while an invaluable first port of call , those using Wikipedia would be well advised to confirm their facts elsewhere . ... . Do you take Wikipedia at face value , or with a pinch of salt ? Should we learn from the experts , or does each of us have a part to play ? Share your views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum . The Associated Press contributed to this article .	Free online encyclopedia Wikipedia has fallen victim to hoaxers , vandals Students and journalists have fallen foul of site 's inaccuracies Cal Tech grad student has uncovered corporate Wikipedia whitewashing Site is still a valuable resource -- when used with caution
Moscow  CNN  -- Wigs , dark glasses , a compass and a large bundle of foreign cash -- it 's the stuff of any Cold War-era spy novel . That 's the "  spy arsenal " Russia 's counterintelligence agency says it found with a U.S. diplomat when he was caught allegedly trying to recruit a Russian special services staff member . The diplomat in question , Ryan Fogle , third secretary of the Political Department of the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , was declared "  persona non grata " Tuesday . Russia 's Foreign Ministry has demanded his "  early expulsion . " Former CIA officer casts doubt on Russia 's allegations Fogle was detained overnight Monday to Tuesday "  during an attempt to recruit a representative of one of the Russian security services , " the Foreign Ministry statement said . He was briefly held before being handed over to the embassy , following formal protocol , Russia 's counterintelligence agency , the FSB , said earlier . "  The ` spy arsenal ' that was found with him -- as well as a big sum of money -- not only expose a foreign agent who was caught red-handed but also raise serious questions for the American side , " the Foreign Ministry said . "  While the presidents of our countries reaffirmed their readiness to expand bilateral cooperation , including the cooperation of intelligence agencies in fighting international terrorism , such provocative actions in the spirit of the ` Cold War ' does not contribute to building mutual trust . " The U.S. diplomat had "  special technical devices , written instructions for the Russian citizen being recruited , a large sum of cash and means of changing his appearance , " state news agency RIA-Novosti quoted the FSB as saying earlier Tuesday . Read more : Why Russia and the U.S. still spy  2010 An image released by the FSB shows what it says are his belongings , including two wigs , a knife , two pairs of dark glasses , a map and a compass . Another shows what appears to be a large quantity of high-denomination euro currency notes . The man , with short brown hair and wearing a blue-and-white-checked shirt , is also pictured apparently being detained by security in the street and seated at a desk for questioning . A photograph of the man 's ID card released by the FSB identifies him as Ryan Fogle . Nikolai Zakharov , a spokesman for the FSB , said the Russian approached by Fogle was free and that there were no charges or accusations against him . The Russian report of what happened makes the case sound closed , but a former FBI counterintelligence officer cast doubt on that account . "  I very much doubt that a highly trained CIA operative is going to be walking the streets of Moscow wearing a really bad blond wig . It 's poor trade craft , and it looks like a setup to me , " said Eric O'Neill . He suggested that the Russians likely planted the material on Fogle for dramatic effect , perhaps to stir up anti-American sentiment , achieve a political objective , or distract attention from some other matter . The Russian Foreign Ministry said it had summoned U.S. Ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul for an explanation . The embassy did not comment Tuesday . U.S. State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell told reporters in Washington that an officer at the Moscow embassy was briefly detained and released . He declined to comment further . It 's not the first time in recent years that Russia and the United States have traded claims about alleged agents , in episodes reminiscent of the Cold War era . In 2010 , the two nations carried out a "  spy swap " in Vienna . The United States exchanged 10 Russian agents who had been expelled for intelligence gathering for four individuals who had been incarcerated in Russia . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow , Nick Paton Walsh reported in London , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Brian Todd also contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. State Department confirms an officer was briefly detained and released NEW : "  It looks like a set-up to me , " says a former FBI counterintelligence officer Ryan Fogle is declared "  persona non grata " and ordered expelled from Russia FSB : He was carrying "  special technical devices , " lots of cash , wigs and dark glasses
CNN  -- While playing the part of Aung San Suu Kyi in biopic "  The Lady " , Michelle Yeoh felt as if she had "  lived " with the Burmese pro-democracy leader for years . But when it came to actually meeting the real Nobel Peace Prize Winner in 2010 , Yeoh did n't have a ready line . "  I was n't quite sure how I should react or what I should do , " she says . Yet on meeting her , Suu Kyi immediately put her at ease . "  We hugged and then she said ` Oh I 'm so sorry for the mess , it 's been non-stop , things are happening , people are coming to see me all the time ' . " Yeoh had visited Suu Kyi at her home soon after her years of house arrest in Yangon had ended , but she says that she did n't discuss the film she was making . Yeoh says that was in order to protect her as it was n't known how the ruling government in Myanmar would react . "  It was n't an interview or an interrogation to that point . It was just an indulgence on my part to be able to see someone that I admire and learned to love . " "  So we sat down on the couch and she 's very affectionate . Even though she 's so petite and slim , you feel a great inner strength and a sense of ease about her . " Michelle Yeoh is better known for her parts in action films , from playing opposite Piece Brosnan 's James Bond in "  Tomorrow Never Dies " to martial arts blockbuster "  Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon . " To try and portray such a renowned and revered figure was one the biggest challenges of Yeoh 's life . To accurately play the part she had to learn Burmese to ensure the gravity of Suu Kyi 's speeches were not lost . "  This was the role of a lifetime , " says Yeoh . "  This was something I had to do right and I was completely committed to it . "	Actor Michelle Yeoh plays Aung San Suu Kyi in new film "  The Lady " depicts life of Burmese pro-democracy leader Yeoh says she spent years researching the role before meeting Suu Kyi
CNN  -- With nearly all of the vote counted , the referendum on Egypt 's new constitution appeared to be victorious early Sunday , according to unofficial tallies by the Muslim Brotherhood and the semi-official al-Ahram newspaper . The Muslim Brotherhood said its "  final results " show 64 % of the vote in favor of the constitution and 36 % against it . Al-Ahram posted a similar outcome on its website , saying it was based on 98 % of the votes counted . The official outcome of the referendum is not expected to be announced until later Sunday . Saturday saw a second round of voting , this time in 17 provinces largely loyal to President Mohamed Morsy and his ruling party . Voting at the more than 6,700 polling stations stayed open an extra four hours before finally closing at 11 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  . The first round of voting a week ago took place in more liberal provinces like Cairo . But the referendum passed in that round with 56.6 % of the vote , leading many to predict an even higher result Saturday . The Supreme Electoral Commission plans to publicize the official results in a news conference . Deep friction in Egypt 's society and institutions accompanied the draft constitution since its inception . For a second week , clashes broke out Friday in the coastal Mediterranean city of Alexandria between Muslim Brotherhood protesters , who were supporting a local imam and Morsy , and opposition demonstrators . Stones were hurtled , leaving 77 injured , according to official news agency Egynews . Riot police intervened and fired tear gas , according to state-run Nile TV . Last week 's confrontation was triggered by the imam 's call urging demonstrators to back the constitution . Voting was tainted by allegations of widespread abuses . A coalition of 123 local rights groups that monitored last week 's voting complained of voter intimidation , bribery , and other violations ; the nation 's electoral commission promised to investigate . Turnout for both weeks of voting was high . Security was tight , and voting happened peacefully . Critics of the constitution say it was passed too quickly . Liberals , Christians and other minority opposition groups say they felt excluded from the Constituent Assembly that drafted it and that the wording does not include their voices . They want a new assembly . Opposition members say the charter uses vague language and will not protect the rights Egyptians fought for in last year 's revolution , which ousted former President Hosni Mubarak . Supporters of the constitution herald what they say is its protection of personal rights , especially its provisions on handling of detainees in the judicial system , which made capricious use of its powers under the former government . International rights group Human Rights Watch said the constitution "  protects some rights but undermines others . " It "  fails to end military trials of civilians or to protect freedom of expression and religion . " The rocky road to the referendum began when judges threatened to shut down the assembly tasked with drafting the constitution . Morsy then issued an edict in late November declaring all of his past and present decisions immune from judicial review until the holding of the constitutional referendum . He also sacked the head of the judiciary , which had many members who were still loyal to Mubarak . The Islamist president 's opposition saw the exceptional moves as a grab for dictatorial powers and poured into the streets , converting Tahrir Square in central Cairo back into the center of public discontent it had been during the uprising that brought down Mubarak . Morsy dropped his decree , but the situation remained tense . Violence raged , producing incidents that have raised the ire of international human rights groups , though these have not been systematic , as was the case under the former government . The outcome of the election is important to the stability of volatile North Africa and the Middle East -- where Egypt is a key player .	The Muslim Brotherhood says 64 % of the vote was in favor The semi-official al-Ahram newspaper has a similar result The official results are not expected until later Sunday Saturday was the second round of voting
CNN  -- Evidence of another deadly attack in Syria has surfaced , this one with an incendiary agent , opposition activists said Friday . Seven people died and dozens were wounded Monday in the attack on a school in northern Syria , they said . The allegation comes as U.S. President Barack Obama considers military action against the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad after what U.S. officials and chemical weapons experts say was a chemical weapons attack on the outskirts of Damascus on August 21 . Videos that activists said had been shot in the Urum Al-Kubra village of Aleppo province after the Monday attack show people with severe burns , but no other external injuries . Bergen : Syria is a problem from hell for the U.S. . Some people reported hearing nothing before chemicals started to burn them . "  It 's like they used chemicals , like napalm or something , " said a doctor at a local hospital who confirmed the casualties . "  It 's causing a lot of burns . " CNN has not been able to independently confirm the accounts . An expert who saw the videos , which were broadcast Thursday on the BBC program "  Panorama , " said they did not appear to show the aftermath of a chemical weapons attack . What do Syria 's neighbors think ? "  You could see burns around the school , the playground , it looked like there had been a fire , " said Alastair Hay , professor of environmental toxicology at the University of Leeds , in a telephone interview . "  Chemical weapons do n't cause that sort of destruction . Hay , who advises the British government on chemical weapons issues , applauded Parliament 's decision not to back British involvement in military action against the government in Damascus . "  I think the U.N. process should be allowed to run to completion , " he said , referring to Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's request that the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons carry out an investigation on his behalf . The OPCW oversees the Chemical Weapons Convention , which bans the production , stockpiling , and use of chemical weapons and has been signed by 189 countries . Syria has not . Why Russia , China , and Iran are standing by Syria If the OPCW were to find that chemical weapons had indeed been used , that would pressure China and Russia -- which have signed it -- to support some action against Syria , Hay said . "  These governments have been supportive of the OPCW ; it would be very difficult for them to ignore a report produced by the OPCW 's inspectors . " It is the indiscriminate nature of chemical weapons that puts them in a particularly abhorrent category , noted Hay , who said he was confident they had been used in Syria . "  All of the features that I saw in all the videos that I 've seen , with individuals having no evidence of trauma , having great difficult breathing , suggests exposure to something that is causing asphyxia , " he said . "  Chemical agents in the nerve-agent category do this . " Still , he added , "  I 'd like to see the final proof . " Does the public care about U.N. support ? If the OPCW were to conclude that chemical weapons had been used , the debate would then turn to who used them . The manufacture of chemical weapons such as sarin is a technique known to very few , he said . "  It 's a very dangerous process because the chemical is so toxic , and you have to make sure that there 's protection for those involved in making it . Otherwise , they will die . " Putting the chemicals into a weapon requires another set of skills that are known to very few people , he said . "  It 's not something you can do in your lockup or your garage ; it would , obviously , point to somebody like a government having these weapons . " Obama 's talk about the use of chemical weapons crossing a "  red line " appears to have put him into a corner , Hay said . "  It 's difficult to know how he 's going to back out of that one , without some kind of punitive strike . " Hay said he hoped any military action would not be against al-Assad 's chemical weapons stockpiles because "  that runs the risk of spreading these agents even further . " Syrian crisis : Latest developments The alleged use of chemical weapons in the August 21 attack in a suburb of Damascus was only the latest of more than a dozen such reports in recent months , according to Jon Day , the chairman of Britain 's Joint Intelligence Committee . "  We have assessed previously that the Syrian regime used lethal CW  chemical weapons  on 14 occasions from 2012 , " he said Thursday in a two-page report to Prime Minister David Cameron . If what Day described as "  a clear pattern of regime use " of chemical weapons has indeed been established , why did the latest report spark a more bellicose response from world powers ? Part of the answer lies in the scale of the event , in which hundreds of people are reported to have died , said Dr. Howard Hu , a consultant on chemical weapons for Physicians for Human Rights and dean of the Dalla Lana School of Public Health at the University of Toronto . In addition , the evidence is strong , he said . "  This time , there was enough videotaped evidence of victims subsequent to the attacks to provide a level of detail that allowed observers like myself to see signs that were consistent with an acute response to a nerve agent . And that level of specificity , I think , also increased the level of certainty and urgency to this . " Hu noted the August 24 report by Medecins Sans Frontieres , also known as Doctors Without Borders . It cited information from three hospitals it supports in Syria 's Damascus governorate that said some 3,600 patients had arrived at one of the hospitals within a three-hour time span showing neurotoxic symptoms , and that 355 of them died . "  Medical staff working in these facilities provided detailed information to MSF doctors regarding large numbers of patients arriving with symptoms including convulsions , excess saliva , pinpoint pupils , blurred vision and respiratory distress , " said Dr. Bart Janssens , MSF director of operations . Secretary of State John Kerry said Friday that U.S. intelligence information found that 1,429 people were killed in the attack , including at least 426 children . Patients were treated with atropine , a drug for neurotoxic symptoms . Janssens said the group could neither confirm the cause of the symptoms nor identify who was responsible . However , he added , "  the reported symptoms of the patients , in addition to the epidemiological pattern of the events -- characterised by the massive influx of patients in a short period of time , the origin of the patients , and the contamination of medical and first aid workers -- strongly indicate mass exposure to a neurotoxic agent . This would constitute a violation of international humanitarian law , which absolutely prohibits the use of chemical and biological weapons . " Hu said that the reports of medical personnel winding up with some of the same symptoms suffered by their patients "  is very consistent with a toxic CW agent causing secondary effects . So , put it all together , it 's a very , very compelling case . " Charles P. Blair , a senior fellow on state and non-state threats at the Federation of American Scientists , said Thursday that the August 21 report stands apart from the others in the number of reported casualties . But questions remain about all of the reported cases -- as to what agents may have been involved and who was responsible , said Blair . "  I think it 's likely the Assad regime has  used  sarin on potentially two occasions , maybe three that we know if , but it 's done so using very , very small quantities of it , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  And it 's used primarily to dislodge entrenched opposition forces and probably to test the international community " to see how it responds , he said . That would not explain the apparently large use reported in the August 21 attack , which crossed the administration 's oft-repeated "  red line , " he said . "  If it was a chemical attack , if it was the Assad regime , it was such an egregious and completely irrational use of chemical weapons that the administration had to respond , " he said . But that has left the administration in a dilemma , he said . "  There 's nobody on the ground right now that they can identify that they can back safely without the risk of that group being overrun or taken over by the jihadist groups in Syria . " In other words , the jihadists could wind up being empowered if the Obama administration carries out an attack , he said . "  If they do n't play this right , the leadership in Damascus could be jihadist -- with a large chemical weapons arsenal at their disposal . " Blair proposed three theories about why the Syrian regime might have carried out the attack : -- It is playing an "  incredibly complex chess game , playing like what Spock used to play -- it makes sense to them , but we ca n't even figure it out ; " -- The regime is beginning to disintegrate and the attacks were carried out by rogue elements and was not authorized ; -- The leadership has lost touch with reality . Attacking the regime would be a risky move , he said . "  You do n't know the response . They could launch Scuds at Israel full of sarin . " Another concern : the command and control over the country 's vast stocks of chemical weapons could be delegative , meaning that subordinates in the field may have the power to launch the stocks if certain conditions are met . "  So , if the United States destroys x , y and z , it could actually trigger a response from commanders in the field . " And Blair added that he was not persuaded that chemical weapons have indeed been used . "  There 's nothing available in open sources that they definitively have been , " he said . Verification is critical given the U.S. government 's history of being duped about the alleged weapons of mass destruction that preceded the U.S.-led attack on Iraq . "  Words ca n't describe how catastrophic it was , " Blair said . "  Most people in the community are skeptical . "	It does not appear to be a chemical weapons attack , expert says Professor says he 's confident chemical weapons have been used , but wants proof Russia , China have signed the Chemical Weapons Convention
OPRAH.com  -- Some know Emmitt Smith as the National Football League 's all-time leading rusher . Others recognize him as a three-time Super Bowl champion or a Dancing with the Stars winner . But do you really know who Emmitt is ? Until he traced his genealogy for the NBC reality series "  Who Do You Think You Are ? " , Emmitt says he did n't even know the answer to that question . To find out more about himself and the family members who paved the way for his success , this hall-of-fame inductee followed his roots to Burnt Corn , Alabama , the town where his great-grandmother was born . "  I feel like a detective on a hunt trying to find clues , " he says . In Burnt Corn , Emmitt wandered into a convenience store and asked a clerk if he knew two of his relatives , Bill and Victoria Watson . Coincidentally , Joe , the clerk , turned out to be Emmitt 's second cousin . Oprah.com : How to dig up your own family history Emmitt soon learned that his great-great-grandmother , Victoria , had an unusual maiden name -- Puryear . Genealogist Marjorie Sholes told Emmitt that "  Puryear " was probably the name of a slave owner . "  African-Americans , at the end of the Civil War , sometimes picked the names of their last slave owner , " she says . The next step ? Emmitt went in search of Victoria 's parents ' names . In an old ledger , Marjorie found a man named Prince Puryear who was described with the letter "  m , " which meant mulatto . "  Specifically , black/white race , " she says . Oprah.com : Chris Rock uncovers his genetic roots They also discovered that Prince 's mom was a woman named Mariah . "  Now , I know that Prince was mixed race and born into slavery , " Emmitt says . "  If Mariah was his mother , could she be the link between the black and the white side of my family ? " To explore this theory , Emmitt traveled to Mecklenburg , Virginia , to learn more about a notorious slave trader who owned Mariah at some point in history . The man 's name was Alexander Puryear . Virginia historian John Caknipe said Samuel Puryear , Alexander 's father , might be the link to Mariah . To find out for sure , John selected a book of old deeds from a shelf . The number on the book was 22 -- the same number Emmitt wore on the football field for 15 years . "  I 've been wearing jersey number 22 since college , " he says . "  Maybe it is my destiny , and I 've always believed I was a child of destiny , but , whew , this is ... it 's making me a little bit nervous . " Emmitt says the family history he unearthed in book 22 shook him to the core . John helped him find a property deed stating that Mariah was transferred from Samuel to his son , Alexander . "  Samuel probably had her bred , " John says . "  Then , when she got old enough , he gave her to his son . ... They raised and bred horses , and raised and bred slaves . " "  In other words , the horses were more important than any slaves that they ever had , " Emmitt says . "  They treated my people like animals ... but worse than animals . " The deed stated that Mariah was passed down along with a horse bridle and a saddle . "  She was such a young woman , " Emmitt says . "  I have a 13-year-old daughter right now , and I have a 10-year-old daughter right now . I could n't imagine them being passed down through slavery that way . " Professor Steven Deyle , a domestic slave trade historian , says it 's safe to assume that Samuel was , in fact , Mariah 's father . "  Alexander was engaged in this horrible , horrible traffic and why he did n't sell Mariah is because he recognized Mariah as his sister , " Steven says . After discovering the horrors his family endured , Emmitt says he 's even more thankful for the power of progress . "  I thank God for people who stood up for equality for all of us , " he says . Emmitt says he felt the true power of his newfound knowledge while sitting on the porch of an old slave quarters in Clayborn , Alabama . "  That house down in Clayborn is where I started to put things together , " he says . "  And right then and there , I sensed that my ancestors were crying out to me because they were lost for so many years , and here , their great-great-grandson is going on the journey to find who they were . " While Emmitt sat on the porch , it started to rain . "  It was coming to me all at one time , and it was incredible , " he says . "  Oftentimes , people want closure , and I felt like my folks did not have closure . At that time , when I found that information , I felt like they were crying out , ` We got closure now . ' " After learning what he could from dusty record books , Emmitt took the next step in his genealogical journey and had a DNA test . The results showed him that he 's 81 percent African , 12 percent European and 7 percent Asian , which is most likely Native American ancestry . Emmitt 's journey has come to an end , but he encourages anyone who 's curious about their roots to follow in his footsteps . "  You must go do this yourself , " he says . "  It 's extremely important . It 's critical . It will help shape your vision in terms of how you go forward . It will also help you appreciate your past . " Oprah.com : Lisa Kudrow solves a family mystery From the Oprah Winfrey Show © 2010 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	NFL all-star Emmett Smith felt like a detective as he hunted for his family history He learned his great-great-grandmother , Victoria , had unusual maiden name : Puryear Traced her grandmother to a notorious slave trading family of same name Smith on his ancestor : "  They treated my people like animals ... but worse than animals "
CNN  -- It 's your first day at university and you 've got 15 minutes to get to room 9-209 . Easy , right ? What if the campus is a labyrinth of unfamiliar buildings stretching over a whopping 168 acres ? Suddenly , finding that room feels a bit like locating a particular grain of sand at the beach . Never fear , SkyCall is here -- a flying robot that guides you to your destination , pointing out important landmarks along the way . It might seem like a scene from a sci-fi film , but at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology  MIT  , these high-tech drones are helping students navigate the maze-like site -- and could soon be escorting the rest of us around difficult environments too . "  MIT campus is quite complex , it has a lot of buildings , and sometimes people do get lost , " said Carlo Ratti , director of the institute 's Senseable City Lab , which created the futuristic device . "  We had a lot of new students on campus , and saw this as a good opportunity to test it , " he added . "  It 's a mere step towards using SkyCall in more complex situations , such as search-and-rescue missions . " Only a SkyCall away So how does this floating tour guide work ? After downloading the SkyCall app to their smartphones , visitors call the robot , which tracks their GPS location and flies to the rescue . They then type the room number into their mobiles , and SkyCall guides them there -- pointing out landmarks using a small speaker . Watch : Flying robots ' aerial acrobatics Cruising at a leisurely 6 kilometers per hour  3.7 mph  , the quadropcopter -- featuring four propellers -- has enough battery power to last 15 minutes . In-built sonar sensors ensure SkyCall does n't crash into obstacles . And should the visitor fall behind at any point , the clever copter will wait for them to catch up -- much like a real-life tour guide . "  People were having a lot of fun with it -- it 's kind of like an unusual travel companion , " said Ratti . "  It can travel 1 mile  1.6 kilometers  , but this could easily be a lot more if you have a bigger battery . At the moment it 's more of an experimental project . " High-flyer Indeed , it 's hoped that in the future , SkyCall could be developed into everything from city guides for tourists , to rescue robots for survivors of disaster sites . Featuring an in-built camera , the device could relay footage back to others -- particularly useful in rescue missions . Or it may link-up to the user 's phone , giving them a bird 's eye view of the journey . Watch : Robots inspired by birds The researchers at MIT 's Senseable City Lab are looking at other ways drones could be used in everyday life . "  Drones have had quite bad press because of the military implications , " explained Ratti . "  But this project this is about helping people . "  We are trying to look at the positive side of drones -- people controlling drones , rather than the skepticism around drones controlling people . " Senseable design ? SkyCall is part of a bigger program at Senseable City Lab , exploring how people could use new technology in urban environments . Other projects include robotic bartenders , or devices to measure road rage while driving . "  We have many applications that will help us carry out our everyday tasks , " said Ratti . "  I think in the case of SkyCall -- and drones in general -- people find it quite intriguing to have a flying companion . " Could SkyCall be our high-tech guardian angel of the future ? At the very least , it could make the first day of university a lot less daunting .	Introducing SkyCall , the flying robot turned personal tour guide Students at MIT have been using drone to navigate maze-like campus Quadrocopter is brainchild of MIT scientists , hope to use technology in rescue missions
