Health.com  -- People with chronic pain who are n't getting enough relief from medications may be able to ease their pain by smoking small amounts of marijuana , a new study suggests . Marijuana also helps pain patients fall asleep more easily and sleep more soundly , according to the report , one of the first real-world studies to look at the medicinal use of smoked marijuana . Most previous research has used extracts of tetrahydrocannabinol  THC  , the active ingredient in the cannabis plant . "  This is the first time anyone has done a trial of smoked cannabis on an outpatient basis , " says the lead researcher , Mark Ware , M.B.B.S. , the director of clinical research at McGill University 's Alan Edwards Centre for Research on Pain , in Montreal . Health.com : Medicinal marijuana , state by state The study included 21 adults with nervous-system  neuropathic  pain stemming from surgery , accidents , or other trauma . Fourteen of the participants were on short-term disability or permanently disabled . All of them had tried marijuana before , but none were current or habitual smokers . "  They were not experienced marijuana users , " Ware says . "  They came because they had severe pain that was not responding to any conventional treatment . " Each patient in the study smoked four different strengths of marijuana over a period of 56 days . The THC potency ranged from 9.4 percent -- the strongest dose the researchers could obtain legally -- to 0 percent , a "  placebo " pot that looked and tasted like the real thing but was stripped of THC .  By comparison , the strongest marijuana available on the street has a THC potency of about 15 percent , Ware estimates . Health.com : Medical marijuana may help fibromyalgia pain The participants -- who were n't told which strength they were getting -- were instructed to smoke a thimbleful  25 milligrams  from a small pipe three times a day for five days . After a nine-day break , they switched to a different potency . The highest dose of THC yielded the best results . It lessened pain and improved sleep more effectively than the placebo and the two medium-strength doses  which produced no measurable relief  , and it also reduced anxiety and depression . The effects lasted for about 90 minutes to two hours , according to the study . The results were published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal . Health.com : 8 natural remedies to help you sleep Though small , the study adds to a growing body of evidence suggesting that cannabis has painkilling properties that may be useful in medicine , perhaps in addition to other treatments . THC extracts have been shown to help ease cancer pain and the nausea associated with chemotherapy , while a few small studies in hospital populations have found that smoked marijuana can help relieve neuropathic pain . But medical marijuana is n't ready to become a mainstream chronic pain treatment , says Andrew McDavid , M.D. , director of the division of pain management at Scott & White Healthcare , in Temple , Texas . "  The studies out there show some decrease in pain , but it 's not alarmingly or shockingly great , " says McDavid , who was not involved in the new research . "  Although it may have some use , it 's probably going to need to be used with something else , if it 's approved . " As the study notes , the pain relief the patients experienced from marijuana was modest compared to that seen in studies of analgesic medications such as gabapentin  Neurontin  and pregabalin  Lyrica  . Health.com : 6 mistakes pain patients make Christopher Gharibo , M.D. , an anesthesiologist at the New York University Hospital for Joint Diseases , in New York City , points out that the study did n't address whether marijuana enabled the patients to perform everyday activities without pain -- the best test of a chronic pain treatment . "  I 'm not convinced -LSB- marijuana -RSB- helps from a functional standpoint , " he says . "  I 'm not even impressed by the pain reduction . We have analgesics that do much better . " The potential long-term side effects of habitual marijuana use could prove problematic as well , Gharibo adds . Over time some patients may experience weight gain , a generalized feeling of sedation , and even changes in mood and cognitive function , he says . Health.com : Can psychedelic drugs treat depression ? The study participants did report some minor side effects , including coughing , dizziness , headache , and dry eyes . Few reported feeling "  high " or euphoric , however , which suggests that abuse or addiction is not a major concern with amounts as small as those used in the study . "  We had a total of three single episodes where patients felt a little bit high , " Ware says . "  So it was extremely rare . The possibility that one would become addicted is low . " Still , if marijuana were to become a more common pain treatment , it 's possible that some patients might overdo it , McDavid says . "  We saw the problem with narcotics . You ca n't ever predict which people , when prescribed , will abuse it or not . Obviously there needs to be more research . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Smoking small amounts of marijuana could help relieve people with chronic pain Marijuana helps pain patients fall asleep more easily and sleep more soundly The highest dose of THC yielded the best results Medical marijuana is n't ready to become a mainstream chronic pain treatment
CNN  After they found body parts inside a suitcase on a San Francisco sidewalk , police called him a suspect and accused him of murder . Now , the man who had been a focal point of the investigation into the grisly find is dead . Mark Andrus , 54 , died Saturday after admitting himself to a hospital the same day , San Francisco Police said . "  The case is under investigation with the cause and manner of death pending , " the San Francisco Office of the Chief Medical Examiner said Monday Andrus was arrested last month but never charged . He was released from custody after prosecutors said they did n't have enough evidence to prove a case against him . "  We are very disturbed by the facts of this case and are working with the San Francisco Police Department to secure the evidence necessary to prove this case beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law , " the San Francisco District Attorney 's Office said last week . "  At this stage of the case , the medical examiner has yet to determine a cause of death or issue a positive identification of the victim . Additionally , there are other key facts that are still unknown . Given the current state of the evidence , there is insufficient evidence to charge this suspect with murder . " The dismembered body was discovered on January 28 when police were called to the South of Market district in San Francisco . Other body parts were found in a trash can less than a block from the main crime scene . "  Andrus was our primary person of interest who was subsequently arrested and booked for the crime , " San Francisco Police Department spokeswoman Officer Grace Gatpandan said Monday . "  I do not have information on other suspects at this time , however this is still an open and active investigation and any information given will  be  looked at by homicide investigators . " Jeff Adachi , a public defender who represented Andrus , said he was sorry to learn of his death . "  During the short time I represented Mark , I found him to be a kind and engaging person , " Adachi said . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Mark Andrus died on Saturday , the medical examiner 's office says Police booked him on suspicion of murder after finding dismembered body parts in a suitcase He was released from custody last week ; no charges were filed against him
CNN  -- Murder charges against two Maryland doctors over abortions they performed on late-term fetuses have been dropped , prosecutors said Wednesday . "  We have exercised our discretion to dismiss them at this point , " said Cecil County State 's Attorney Ellis Rollins . The doctors , Steven Brigham and Nicola Riley , had faced identical charges : five counts each of first-degree murder , five of second-degree murder and one of conspiracy to commit first-degree murder . The investigation began August 13 , 2010 , when Riley brought a woman into an Elkton hospital due to a "  complication resulting from a medical procedure , " police said . The woman had driven from New Jersey to Maryland for an abortion , investigators later determined . Days later , Elkton police searched the abortion clinic where Brigham and Riley work and found several fetuses "  in a freezer chest . " The fetuses were taken to a medical examiner 's office in Baltimore , according a police news release . Maryland is one of 38 states that have fetal homicide laws , often supported by anti-abortion advocates , which advocates say are intended to protect the lives of both the pregnant woman and the fetus .	Murder charges are dropped against two doctors over late-term abortions they performed The doctors , Steven Brigham and Nicola Riley , had each faced various counts of murder Maryland is one of 38 states with fetal homicide laws
CNN  -- Italian Serie A outfit Juventus have completed the signing of Montenegro striker Mirko Vucinic from rivals Roma . Vucinic , 27 , had been in the Italian capital since 2005 and has signed a four-year deal with Turin-based Juve . The former Lecce forward is Juve 's fourth new arrival of the off-season , following the acquisitions of Chile 's Arturo Vidal , Italy midfielder Andrea Pirlo and Switzerland duo Stephane Lichsteiner and Reto Zeigler . The two-time European champions have also completed permanent deals for Italy quartet Fabio Quagliarella , Simone Pepe , Alessandro Matri and Marco Motta , who spent last season on loan at the Stadio Olimpico . "  I 'm both excited and happy to be playing for Juventus , " Vucinic told the club 's official web site . "  AS Roma was in my heart but it 's over now . I 'm very happy to be here playing for Juventus . " Juve begin the 2011-12 season with a trip to Francesco Guidolin 's Udinese on August 28 . Despite losing Vucinic , Luis Enrique 's Roma announced the arrival of Netherlands goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg from Ajax on Monday . The 28-year-old , who was part of the Dutch squad which reached the final of 2010 FIFA World Cup , has also signed a four-year contract . Stekelenburg made 191 appearances for Ajax after making his debut in 2002 and has 40 caps for Bert van Markwijk 's national side . Elsewhere , Barcelona 's Jeffren Suarez will hold talks with Sporting Lisbon over a move to the Portuguese club . Jeffren was part of Spain 's under-21 squad which recently won the European Championships and has left Barca 's tour of the U.S. to discuss the transfer . The 23-year-old made eight appearances for the Spanish champions last season and scored one goal -- in Barca 's 5-0 thrashing of arch rivals Real Madrid in November .	Juventus announce the signing of Montenegro striker Mirko Vucinic from Roma Vucinic , 27 , has signed a four-year contract with Juve Roma have captured Netherlands goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg from Ajax Barcelona forward Jeffren Suarez will hold talks over a proposed move to Sporting Lisbon
CNN  Gunmen fired on police in a suburb of the southern French city of Marseille on Monday , the prosecutor 's office said . Shots were directed at a police car , and police returned fire , according to prosecutors . There were no immediate reports of casualties . A SWAT team was sent to the scene . The gunfire erupted in Castellane , a suburb in northern Marseille that 's known for its drug-related activity . France has been under a heightened state of alert since last month 's terror attacks in Paris that killed 17 people . French Prime Minister Manuel Valls is scheduled to be in Marseille later Monday .	The gunfire was reported in a suburb of Marseille in southern France Castellane is known for its drug-related activity
It was a routine call for the Norwegian fighter pilot participating in NATO 's Quick Reaction Alert mission , high in the sky off Norway 's coast . He was tasked with investigating and identifying an aircraft that had entered the mission 's patrol area in international airspace northwest of Norway . Fluffy clouds dotted the piercing blue atmosphere , and it looked like it would be a non-eventful mission , until something gray darted in front of the Norwegian pilot 's F-16 -- a Russian MiG fighter , according to the Norwegian Defence Ministry . "  What the hell ! " is a loose , relatively polite translation of what he 's heard saying on video released by Norwegian military . "  He was surprised and he expressed it , " Norwegian Navy Cmdr. Gens Hoilund told CNN Wednesday in a telephone interview . The video appears to be recorded from the Norwegian jet 's own camera , and shows the Russian fighter in the lower right quadrant of the shot . The Norwegian aircraft then banks sharply to the left to maneuver away from the MiG . The encounter took place sometime in the past two years , Hoilund said . The video was released to show just "  an example of the kind of situations that our pilots flying the NATO QRA missions can encounter , " said Capt. Brynjar Stordal , information officer for the National Joint Headquarters Norway , in a statement Wednesday . "  We do not know if this incident was caused by the Russian pilot miscalculating the distance to the Norwegian fighter , or if it was an intentional maneuver . There have been a few incidents like this over the years , but I would like to press that the majority of the  identifications  made by Norwegian fighters take place without incident , " Stordal 's statement added . Jet 's behavior unusual The Russian jet did n't appear to be acting in an aggressive manner , Hoilund said , but it 's not clear what it was doing . "  He came too close  to the Norwegian fighter  , but he was not aggressive , " he said . Hoilund explained that a pilot he spoke to -- not the pilot in the video -- said it was an unusual situation , and that pilot could n't recall any similar behavior in the recent past . "  When we observe unknown planes we identify them , so it was a normal mission for us to go and identify this plane , " Hoilund said . There was no attempt to make radio contact with the Russian jet , he said . Stordal said it 's important to note that Norway has not experienced the same increase in Russian air activity in its area of responsibility as has been seen by partners in the Baltic region . "  Last year we had 41 scrambles and identified 58 Russian aircraft . As of now , the numbers are 43/69 for 2014 , " the ministry statement said . NATO partners identify aircraft The NATO Quick Reaction Alert mission tasks partners with patrolling the skies to identify suspicious aircraft . "  This enables the Alliance to detect , track and identify to the greatest extent possible all aerial objects approaching or operating within NATO airspace so that violations and infringements can be recognized , and the appropriate action taken , " said a statement on NATO 's website . U.S. official : ` Dangerous ' Russian jet fly-by was ` straight out of a movie '	The Russian MiG was not aggressive , but its behavior was unusual Norway 's Defence Ministry says it 's an example of what its pilots face It 's not clear if MiG pilot miscalculated distance to Norwegian jet , ministry says
Chicago , Illinois  CNN  -- A body found Monday in the Chicago River is that of Michael Scott , president of the Chicago Board of Education , police said . A medical examiner has ruled Scott 's death a suicide , Police Superintendent Jody Weis said , but authorities have not completed their investigation . There was a gunshot wound to the head , police said . Scott 's family had reported him missing about midnight , and his body was found about 3:20 a.m. , Weis said . He was last seen about 6:30 p.m. Sunday , Weis said , but he would not disclose where , saying that may be part of the investigation . Scott 's wife told police that it was "  very unusual " for him not to be home by midnight , Weis said . The gunshot entrance wound was on the left side of his head , police said . A weapon was found either under or alongside his body , Weis said , and Scott 's car was in the immediate area . The police investigation will include ballistics evidence and analysis of surveillance cameras in the area , Weis said . It is too early for police to draw conclusions , he added . "  Mr. Scott was a strong advocate for education , " Cook County Board President Todd Stroger said in a written statement . "  His contributions to the minority communities of Cook County will be sorely missed , in particular , his love for the upward mobility of residents from Chicago 's West Side , where he spent his life . " In Washington , U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan also mourned Scott 's death , saying he was "  shocked and saddened by the sudden death " of his "  friend and colleague . "  Michael cared passionately about public education and made many courageous decisions as president of the board . He gave his time , energy and talents to improving the life chances of children . "  Chicago has lost a great leader , and the city 's school children have lost a devoted champion . " Duncan was the chief executive officer of the Chicago school system from 2001 to 2008 . The Rev. Jesse Jackson recalled first meeting Scott about 30 years ago . "  We 're just stunned and shocked , " he said . "  Michael was so effervescent , so full of life . " Scott had been appointed to the Chicago Board of Education three times , twice as president . He most recently was appointed in February . Previously , Scott was board president for five years , until July 2006 . Scott disclosed in early August that he had been subpoenaed to testify before a federal grand jury investigating how students were chosen for admission to some of Chicago 's most elite public schools . He denied using his influence during two stints as board president to help any student into a selective-enrollment school . Scott , who was a developer , also was criticized in August when it was revealed that he had quietly arranged to develop city-owned land near a park that would have been used in the 2016 Summer Games . The move would have positioned Scott to cash in , had Chicago been awarded the Olympics . The 2016 Games were awarded to Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . CNN 's Mark Bixler contributed to this report .	Michael Scott was found in Chicago River early Monday His family reported him missing about midnight Body had gunshot entrance wound on left side of head ; gun found nearby He had been subpoenaed to testify in school admission investigation
London  CNN  -- The British Broadcasting Corporation 's director and deputy director of news have "  stepped aside " pending an internal review over a report that falsely implicated a former senior political official in a child sex scandal , the media organization said Monday . It is the latest fallout over the report that has rocked one of the world 's oldest and most respected media organizations , and the move follows the weekend resignation of George Entwistle as BBC 's director general . News director Helen Boaden and her deputy , Steve Mitchell , have been asked to "  surrender all their responsibilities " pending the outcome of the review , the BBC reported . On November 2 , BBC 's Newsnight aired the sex abuse claims against a senior political figure of the 1980s . Days later , the victim admitted he identified the wrong man . The BBC aired on apology on Friday , but it did little to contain the fallout from the false accusation . It was the second major crisis to hit the BBC within months . In late September , the BBC became embroiled in a scandal over its handling of sexual abuse allegations against its late TV presenter Jimmy Savile . The scandal exploded amid revelations that BBC 's Newsnight pulled a report into allegations against Savile ahead of a planned tribute to the late TV presenter by the news organization scheduled to air later this year . Entwistle and others were called in front of lawmakers to answer for the scandal surrounding Savile , who authorities say was suspected of having sexually abused young women and girls , sometimes on BBC premises . Boaden served as director of BBC News when the decision was made to pull the Savile report , the BBC reported . "  Ms. Boaden has overall editorial and managerial responsibility for UK-wide and global news and current affairs on radio , television and oneline , " according to a BBC report . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Helen Boaden , the BBC 's director of news , is stepping aside pending an internal review Boaden 's deputy , Steve Mitchell , also stepped aside , the BBC reports The review is examining a BBC report that falsely implicated a former political official The BBC also faces criticism over its handling of allegations against Jimmy Savile
The German government said Thursday it is expelling a person it describes as the representative of U.S. foreign intelligence services based at the U.S. Embassy in Berlin . The move comes after two allegations emerged of Germans spying for the United States over the last week , claims prompting an investigation by German prosecutors of a suspect accused of passing secrets . The call comes against the background of the current investigation by the federal prosecutor and questions that have remained unresolved for months about the activity of U.S. intelligence in Germany . "  The German government views these events as very serious , " government spokesman Steffen Seibert said . In a statement , Seibert stressed the importance of "  mutual trust and openness . " "  It remains essential for Germany , in the interest of the security of its citizens and its armed forces abroad , to cooperate closely on the basis of trust with its western partners , in particular with the USA . " Seibert said the government "  is ready to offer that , and expects its closest partners to do the same . " German prosecutors said Wednesday they are investigating a suspect accused of passing secrets . "  Officers of the federal criminal office have since this morning searched the living and office rooms of an accused in the Berlin area because of initial suspicion of secret service agency activity . They said "  an arrest did not take place . " As a matter of policy , White House spokesman Josh Earnest declined to comment on the reported intelligence activity . "  The reason for that is there 's an important principle at stake , which is declining to comment on them publicly allows for the sufficient protection of our national interests , in some cases the intelligence assets , and more generally , American national security , " he said . Only last week , German prosecutors ordered the arrest of a German citizen on suspicion of spying for foreign intelligence agencies . On Friday , the German foreign office called in the U.S. ambassador to discuss it . Both the German prosecutor and the foreign office released scarce information then , but officials have spoken in detail with German journalists , who published many reports on the allegations of U.S. spying on the country . "  If the reports are correct , it would be a serious case . If the allegations are true , it would be for me a clear contradiction to what I consider to be a trustful cooperation between agencies and partners , " said German Chancellor Angela Merkel . Her warning came as U.S.-German relations are already shaky in the aftermath of disclosures by National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden that showed the United States was listening in on Merkel 's phone calls . Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , in an interview Tuesday with the German news site Spiegel Online , said both countries need to talk about what intelligence collection should be allowed and what might thwart intelligence and security cooperation . "  Clearly , the surveillance on Chancellor Merkel 's phone was absolutely wrong , " she said . Germany and other friendly countries complained when Snowden 's leaks last year revealed U.S. surveillance of foreign leaders as well as screening of foreign phone calls and Internet contacts in investigating terrorist ties . The Obama administration responded that all countries conduct surveillance on each other , but the President also has ordered changes in U.S. programs . Germany calls in U.S. ambassador over new spying allegation Germany investigating alleged U.S. surveillance of Merkel 's phone India summons U.S. diplomat over report of NSA spying	Germany stresses "  mutual trust " A White House spokesman declines to comment It 's the second such case in a week Merkel : "  If the reports are correct , it would be a serious case "
CNN  -- King Carlos might be ready to give up his throne but Spain 's "  King of Clay " shows no signs of abdicating any time soon . Rafael Nadal , an eight-time winner at Roland Garros , booked his place in the quarterfinals following a straight sets win over Dusan Lajovic . On the day that King Carlos of Spain renounced the throne following his 40-year reign , Nadal proved his powers to rule on clay were as impressive as ever . Nadal , who will face compatriot and world No. 5 David Ferrer for a place in the last four , prevailed 6-1 6-2 6-1 after outclassing his Serbian opponent . The World No. 1 is hoping to secure a fifth straight title on the clay in the French capital and remains favorite to do so . But Ferrer defeated Nadal for the first time on clay in 10 years in April -- one of three defeats the reigning champion suffered in the lead-up to the French Open . "  I think that I am playing a little bit better than when I was playing against him in Monte-Carlo , but I think he 's playing great , too , " Nadal told the ATP website . "  He played three weeks in a row at a very high level . In Madrid he played great , in Rome he played great , and he 's playing great here . "  He 's coming to the match with confidence and with confidence that he beat me the last time . It will be a tough one . I know how to play against him and to have chances to win I need to play very well . That 's what I 'm going to try . If not , it will be impossible . " Ferrer , who was beaten by Nadal in last year 's final , overcame South Africa 's Kevin Anderson to reach the last eight . Ferrer took the first two sets 6-3 6-3 before Anderson fought back to take the third on a tie-break . But the 32-year-old powered home , taking the fourth 6-1 to reach his 10th successive Grand Slam quarter-final . "  I will try to do my best , " Ferrer told the ATP website . "  I will try to play aggressively with my forehand and try to finish the points at the net . But of course it 's going to be difficult with Rafael on a clay court . "  Tactically , I will have to be perfect . I hope that I will instill some doubts in Rafa 's mind , but if we play at our best level , both of us , he will be the better player . "  So I will pull out all the stops to play well without making errors , and we 'll see what 's going to happen . " Last year , Ferrer was soundly beaten in his first grand slam final by Nadal , 6-3 6-2 6-3 . But he is adamant that he is better equipped to deal with the pressure which comes with taking on the very best . He added : "  I was very nervous  last year in the final  . I was jittery . It was a little bit too much for me . But now I 'm calmer , I 've had time to adapt . "  I think that I will be calmer , more serene , but I do n't know exactly what will be my state of mind when I play against Rafa . I wo n't think about the final that took place last year . " Elsewhere , Andy Murray set up a tantalizing tie against home favorite Gael Monfils . Murray , who has now reached 13 successive grand slam quarterfinals , defeated Spain 's Fernando Verdasco 6-4 7-5 7-6 . The World No. 6 , who survived a five-set epic in the previous round against Philipp Kohlschreiber Sunday , showed little sign of fatigue with an impressive showing . He will now face Frenchman Monfils , who overcame the challenge of Guillermo Garcia-Lopez in straight sets 6-0 6-2 7-5 . "  I have known Gael since I was 10 and he was 11 , " Murray said in his post-match interview . "  He is an unbelievable entertainer , a great athlete , a very nice guy and it should be a very tough match , but there should be some fun points because of the way we both play . " In the women 's draw , Romania 's Simona Halep booked her place in the last eight with a 6-4 6-3 win over U.S. star Sloane Stephens . Halep will now take on 2009 winner Svetlana Kuznetsova , who defeated Lucie Safarova 6-3 6-4 . Germany 's Andrea Petkovic reached her first grand slam quarterfinal for the first time in three years with a 1-6 6-2 7-5 win over Dutch qualifier Kiki Bertens . She will now face Sara Errani , who defeated sixth seed Jelena Jankovic , 7-5 , 6-2 . "  It was super tough , because I did n't know her at all , " Petkovic told reporters of her opponent , Bertens . "  I just stalked her on YouTube yesterday the whole day , and I was already impressed yesterday . "  I think she 's going to be a force on the WTA when she gets fitter and recovers from her injuries that she 's had . "	Rafael Nadal books his place in quarterfinals of French Open World No. 1 defeated Dusan Lajovic in straight sets Nadal to face fellow Spaniard David Ferrer Andy Murray to face Gael Monfils in last eight
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- Bodies lie scattered in a rural field in the southern Philippines , some unearthed from a shallow grave hastily dug by the gunmen who seized the group of men and women just a day earlier . By Tuesday , search teams had found a total of 46 bodies , and it was still unclear if there were more victims from Monday 's massacre . The target was a group that included the female relatives of Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu , who had sent the women to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao province in May . Mangudadatu said he had received threats which he believed were from allies of the incumbent governor Andal Ampatuan -- that he would be kidnapped if he filed the candidate papers himself . Instead , his wife , sister , and the group of journalists accompanying them were kidnapped and brutally killed , possibly tortured , raped and beheaded , according to local media reports . A local police commander described the grisly search operation near an isolated village , telling reporters from ABS-CBN News that 17 bodies were pulled from a single grave . "  They were piled on top of each other , " Chief Superintendent Josefino Cataluna said . "  It looked as if they were buried hurriedly . " Those killed included at least 12 journalists , according to the press freedom organization , Reporters Without Borders , making Monday the deadliest single day for journalists anywhere in the world . It was also the worst politically motivated violence in the Philippines ' recent history . Witnesses , local officials and analysts have blamed the attacks on Ampatuan , who has controlled the area for a decade and is a long-time ally of Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo . Ampatuan , who is known locally as a warlord , reportedly commands a private army of nearly 500 men . Philippine military officials also said Monday that the gunmen who carried out the attack were loyal to Ampatuan . Neither Ampatuan nor any of his advisers has commented on the slaying allegations . "  It 's not hard to determine the motive , " according to Philippine analyst Kenneth E. Bauzon . "  How dare this -LSB- Mangudadatu -RSB- challenge him when he knows that the governor is a position that is presumably reserved for -LSB- the Ampatuan -RSB- family . " Ampatuan reportedly wanted one of his sons to succeed him as governor of Maguindanao when he stepped down next year , according to ABS-CBN . A government construction vehicle was found at the site of the hastily dug mass grave , fueling the belief that Ampatuan or his allies had a role in the massacre . Both the Ampatuan and Mangudadatu clans have agreed to participate in the government 's investigation into the killings , according to Arroyo 's adviser on the Mindanao region , Jesus Dureza , who spoke to the Philippine media on Tuesday . Neither Ampatuan nor his advisers have spoken publicly about the widespread allegations , and that is most likely because he is "  weighing his options , " Bauzon said . Now , the region is bracing for a backlash of possible reprisal killings . The Philippine government has placed Maguindanao and its surrounding regions under a state of emergency and survivors of Monday 's massacre have entered a government witness protection program , according to the state-run Philippines News Agency . Arroyo has sent top level government officials to Maguindanao to "  personally oversee military action against the perpetrators of the dastardly acts , " she said Tuesday . "  No effort has been spared to bring justice to the victims and hold the perpetrators accountable to the full limit of the law , " she said . Long-running family disputes in the southern Philippines have spilled innocent blood before . Such blood feuds are known by the indigenous term , "  rido . " But Monday 's massacre has broader implications , Bauzon said . "  I think that this is a culmination for many years of impunity on the part of any family or group for that matter because this has been tolerated by the Arroyo administration , " said Bauzon , a political science associate professor at Saint Joseph 's College in New York , who is from Mindanao and has authored several books on the region and its politics . "  So when the administration looks the other way when journalists report on military abuses -LSB- or -RSB- when the administration looks the other way when church workers are assassinated , when environmental workers are assassinated or abducted , you know , this -LSB- massacre -RSB- is just one or two steps away -LSB- from that -RSB- . " The killings could further damage the political reputation of Arroyo , whose administration has already been scarred by allegations of a tainted election in 2004 and criticism over her response to the recent typhoons to strike the country . "  It 's a test as to what how far the Arroyo administration will go to arrest and prosecute the perpetrators , " Bauzon said . Arroyo 's term ends in May 2010 , and she can not seek re-election although there has been speculation that she could seek another political office . Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the Philippines , a predominantly Christian country . Negotiations between one of those armed groups , the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , and the Philippine government broke down last year after the country 's Supreme Court blocked a proposed peace deal that would have increased the size and scope of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao . Arroyo 's government exercises little control in the region and is blamed by her critics for helping legitimize many of the armed groups that operate freely in Mindanao , including those loyal to the governor , Ampatuan . Arroyo issued an executive order in July 2006 that allowed local officials and Philippine National Police to deputize volunteer watchmen , known as barangay tanods , to fight against insurgent groups in the southern regions . This order has been blamed for allowing local politicians to convert their private militias into legal security forces . The strong clan rivalries and the armed groups that support each clan may make it impossible for Arroyo to rout out those behind Monday 's mass killing , according to Bauzon . "  The dynasty is strongly entrenched and for her to disband private armies by this warlord overnight is too much of a task , " he said . "  The Americans were not able to do it in half a century and all she can do is set her sights low by really going after the most visible of the perpetrators . " CNN 's Tricia Escobedo and journalist Maria Ressa contributed to this report .	NEW : Burial looked hurried , local police chief superintendent says NEW : Massacre was worst politically motivated violence in Philippines ' recent history Death toll from massacre rises to 46 , a day after the brutal attack Mangudadatu says he had received threats if he filed the candidate papers himself
January 8 , 2014 On Wednesday 's edition of CNN Student News we examine the violence in Iraq and the U.S. response to it . We introduce you to the first woman to head the Federal Reserve and take a look at how some are handling the latest blast of super-cold weather . And we dive into a debate over artificial colors in some of your favorite candies . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : If you were a producer , what information might you include in a report explaining what the Federal Reserve is ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . insurgents 2 . Federal Reserve 3 . artificial food coloring Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . According to the video , what are some reasons behind the increase in violence in Iraq ? 2 . To what position has Janet Yellin been appointed ? What is unique about her appointment ? 3 . Why are thousands of petitioners asking the Mars candy company to remove artificial colors from M&M s ? How has the company responded ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What is the U.S. government 's position on the current violence in Iraq ? Do you agree or disagree with this position ? State your rationale . 2 . Is your region experiencing severe winter weather ? If so , how are you dealing with it ? 3 . What is your opinion on artificial colors in foods ? Would you be willing to pay more for foods that have natural colors ? Why or why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Philip Chism , the Massachusetts high school student who is accused of raping and killing his math teacher , allegedly attacked an employee at a youth services facility in Dorchester , where he is being held pending his trial , the Essex County Sheriff 's Department said Tuesday . Chism was taken to Boston Medical Center , where a security detail was provided , said Maurice Pratt , the assistant superintendent and spokesman for the Sheriff 's Department . "  It 's an ongoing investigation , " Pratt said of Monday 's attack . "  The Department of Youth Services is working closely with law enforcement to investigate an assault that took place on a member of the staff , " said a statement from DYS communications director Alec Loftus . "  The safety and well-being of our staff is of primary concern and a full review of this incident will be conducted to identify any necessary security enhancements at the facility , " the statement said . The extent of the employee 's injuries or what prompted the alleged attack were not provided . Chism , 15 , is accused of killing his algebra teacher , Colleen Ritzer . Chism , 14 at the time , used a box cutter he 'd taken to school to kill Ritzer , 24 , on October 22 in a girls ' bathroom at Danvers High School , police and prosecutors said . Chism pleaded not guilty to aggravated rape , robbery and murder charges in January . He is being tried as an adult . Calls to Chism 's attorneys -- Susan Oker and Denise Regan -- were not immediately returned . After Chism was reported missing by his mother on the evening of October 22 , police had his cellular phone company "  ping " the location of his phone . The phone was found to be near the Hollywood Hits Theater , where investigators learned the teen had purchased a movie ticket and then left . A court affidavit said that when Chism was spotted by a police officer the next day , he was carrying a knife ; a search of his backpack turned up a bloodstained box cutter . Asked where the blood came from , Chism allegedly responded : "  The girl . " He was also allegedly carrying credit cards and driver 's licenses belonging to Ritzer , as well as a pair of women 's underwear . Police discovered Ritzer 's body in a wooded area near the school , covered with leaves and debris in an apparent attempt to conceal it , court papers said . Her throat was slit .	Philip Chism , 15 , allegedly assaults youth services worker Teen is charged with raping and killing his algebra teacher , Colleen Ritzer He has pleaded not guilty to aggravated rape , robbery , murder charges
Washington  CNN  -- The House voted overwhelmingly Wednesday to repeal the antitrust exemption currently granted to health insurance companies . The vote was 406-19 to repeal the exemption , which has been in place since the end of World War II . The 19 who voted against the repeal are Republicans . Liberal Democrats have said a repeal would help inject competition into the health care industry while reducing consumer costs . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters Tuesday that President Obama strongly supports the repeal . "  At its core , health reform is all about ensuring that American families and businesses have more choices , benefit from more competition and have greater control over their own health care , " Gibbs said . Read the bill "  Repealing this exemption is an important part of that effort . Gibbs said the president is not seeking repeal of the exemption in lieu of broader changes to the insurance market . "  This is a complementary step along the way , " he said . The debate in the House on Wednesday included a colorful moment between Rep. Anthony Weiner , D-New York , and Republicans . "  You guys have chutzpah , " Weiner told Republicans during the debate . "  The Republican Party is a wholly owned subsidiary of the insurance industry , " he said , drawing the objections of Republicans , who asked that his words be stricken from the record . Weiner then asked for unanimous consent to replace his words and said , "  Every single Republican I have ever met in my entire life is a wholly owned subsidiary of the insurance industry . " The Republicans objected again , prompting Weiner to rescind his words . The House version of the health care bill passed last year would have removed the antitrust exemption , while the Senate 's version would not . Advocates of an exemption repeal say the exemption has allowed health insurance companies to essentially divide the country into geographic zones . They argue the companies benefit from what amounts to local monopolies . Industry defenders , in turn , point out that insurers are still subject to state regulations . They say the impact of an exemption repeal is overblown . CNN Fact Check : Would exemption repeal lower premiums ? Administration officials and their allies in Congress have taken an increasingly tough stance against the unpopular insurance industry . Among other things , Obama 's latest proposal for health care reform would give the federal government new authority to block excessive rate increases by health insurers . Specifically , Obama 's plan calls for the secretary of health and human services to work with a seven-member board made up of doctors , economists and consumer and insurance representatives to review premium increases . The board , to be known as the Health Insurance Rate Authority , would provide an annual report to recommend to states whether certain rate increases should be approved , although the secretary could overrule state insurance regulators .	House votes 406-19 to repeal exemption in place since end of World War II Proponents say repeal will help inject competition into health care industry They also say it will lower consumer costs Opponents of bill say it will have little effect
EW.com  -- " That was some melodramatic s -- ! " So says Quentin , the bachelor troublemaker played by Terrence Howard in "  The Best Man Holiday . " He 's talking about one of the film 's many heated , if not hysterical , fights , but he might be describing the movie as a whole . Back in 1999 "  The Best Man " was an outrageously fresh comedy of love and backbiting , and not just because it marked Hollywood 's belated discovery that characters could be upscale and African-American at the same time . EW : Box office preview - ` The Best Man Holiday ' wo n't best ` Thor ' The movie had wit , verve , spark , and surprise . But writer-director Malcolm D. Lee should n't have waited 14 years to do a sequel . "  The Best Man Holiday " reunites the characters for a Christmas-weekend house party , and what ensues is like a better-written Tyler Perry movie : too many life crises rooted in too much recycled backstory . The actors are winning , especially Taye Diggs as the now-struggling Harper , Regina Hall as the ex-stripper Candace , and the great Morris Chestnut as football star Lance . But "  The Best Man Holiday " is an eggnog that 's sticky-sweet and heavy at the same time . Grade : B - See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The film is a sequel to 1999 's "  The Best Man " It reunites the characters at a Christmas house party Reviewer says the "  actors are winning "
Ryan Ferguson was freed last year after serving nearly 10 years for a murder he said he did n't commit . Now , an attorney for Ferguson has filed a $ 100 million lawsuit for violations of his civil rights . The suit , filed Monday , names 13 defendants including the city of Columbia , Missouri , the city police department , investigators , the prosecutor 's office and others . It alleges nine separate counts including suppression and fabrication of evidence , failure to investigate , malicious prosecution , conspiracy to deprive Ferguson of his constitutional rights , defamation and false arrest . "  Not only has he not received an apology from the State of Missouri or Boone County , but some of these officials continue to defame him , " the lawsuit says . "  Compounding this tragedy , the real murderer of Kent Heitholt has escaped arrest , prosecution , and conviction for 13 years because of Ryan 's wrongful arrest , prosecution , and conviction . " Ferguson was just a teenager when he was arrested in Missouri in 2004 , accused of killing Columbia Tribune sports editor Kent Heitholt three years earlier . Implicated by a former friend who said he had dreamlike memories of committing the crime , Ferguson was convicted in 2005 for Heitholt 's murder and given a 40-year sentence . In 2012 , the same friend admitted in court that he lied , as did a janitor who originally placed Ferguson at the crime scene . Ferguson 's legal team successfully argued last fall that prosecutors illegally withheld evidence that could have cleared his name , overturning his conviction . The Jefferson City Correctional Center released Ferguson in November after Missouri Attorney General Chris Koster said he would n't retry Ferguson .	Ryan Ferguson spent nearly 10 years in prison 13 defendants are named in $ 100 million lawsuit Suit alleges suppression and fabrication of evidence Missouri attorney general did n't retry Ferguson
CNN  -- South Africa -- it 's the part of the continent most of us know at least a little about . Now almost two decades removed from apartheid , the country at the bottom of the continent has taken up the place it deserves as one of Africa 's top tourist destinations . The country of approximately 52 million people is already well known for Cape Town , Table Mountain , the wine route and game viewing in the Kruger National Park . But there 's much more to discover . More : 26 most stunning spots in Africa 1 . KwaZulu-Natal province inspired one of the world 's best-selling albums Paul Simon introduced the world to isicathamiya music , a form of Zulu a cappella , when he teamed up with Ladysmith Black Mambazo for his album "  Graceland . " Named after the KwaZulu-Natal town they come from , Ladysmith Black Mambazo is but one of hundreds of similar groups that can be seen and heard performing regularly at shows that resemble sporting competitions . Often involving as many as 30 groups , these competitions usually take place in large cities , such as Johannesburg and Durban , starting on a Saturday night and carrying on until well after the sun comes up on Sunday morning . 2 . Hippos eat lawns in downtown St. Lucia The town of St. Lucia sits in the middle of iSimangaliso Wetland Park , a subtropical estuary that 's part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site . Chances of getting mugged or hijacked are virtually nil , but chances of meeting a hippo while walking to dinner are high . The estuary contains one of the largest concentrations of hippos in the world . In the evenings , when the sun goes down , they walk into town to munch on lawns in the residential areas . More : 10 best golf courses in Africa 3 . Cape Point is n't the southernmost tip of Africa It 's a common misconception among tourists who trek to the Cape of Good Hope and climb the steps to the lighthouse to assume there 's no land between them and Antarctica . It certainly looks that way from this magnificent viewpoint . Except for the inconvenient fact that those truly wishing to be at the bottom of Africa have to travel about another 170 kilometers southeast to the rocky outcrop at Cape Agulhas . One more myth to bust : The Indian and Atlantic oceans do n't meet at Cape Point , they meet at Cape Agulhas . 4 . There 's ` summer ' skiing Yes , there 's downhill skiing in South Africa . In fact , there 's downhill skiing in two countries in southern Africa : South Africa and neighboring Lesotho . Tiffendell Ski Resort in South Africa 's Eastern Cape Highlands and Afriski in Lesotho 's Maluti Mountains  both ranges are part of what 's more widely known as the Drakensberg Mountains  offer a relatively short season running between June and August , the Southern Hemisphere winter . Runs are n't long -- about a kilometer in total at each resort -- but there 's real snow and when there is n't enough falling from the sky , both Afriski and Tiffendell have snow-making equipment . More : Safari pioneer Geoffrey Kent 's incredible African odyssey 5 . One street , two Nobel Peace Prize winners Vilakazi Street punches way above its weight . Before the arrival of democracy in South Africa , Vilakazi Street looked like any other nondescript dusty street full of matchbox houses in Soweto , near Johannesburg . But for decades it has been different from its neighbors ; it has been and remains a place of pilgrimage as the only street in the world that has been home to two Nobel Peace Prize winners . Former South African President Nelson Mandela and former Anglican Archbishop Desmond Tutu lived a few doors from each other on Vilakazi Street . Tutu and his wife , Leah , still live there . Mandela 's house is now a National Historical site and open to the public as a museum . Vilakazi Street is no longer dusty . The gravel has been replaced by pavement and brick sidewalks and the new neighbors include restaurants , bars and local craft sellers . 6 . There 's a space shuttle emergency landing strip in the Kalahari Desert Upington is perhaps the world 's most over-achieving small town . It has a population of just around 75,000 and most South Africans have never been there , but it bills itself as the capital of the Green Kalahari , a setting similar to Cairo on the Nile . At 4.9 kilometers , the local airport runway is one of the longest in the world and was designated an emergency landing area for the space shuttle should it have had to make an unscheduled landing in southern Africa . Upington Airport is also the final resting place for numerous commercial aircraft ; the dry air helps preserve them in case they 're ever called into service again . The Orange River , South Africa 's largest , winds through the city , creating a greenbelt that only just manages to keep the Kalahari Desert at bay . More : 9 top South African spiritual retreats 7 . Once you remove the quills , porcupine skin is delicious Finding traditional dishes that originate in South Africa is a tall order  much of the cuisine is a product of mixing cultures  . But C. Louis Leipoldt , a sort of Renaissance man from the early 20th century , made it one of his lifelong pursuits . The smallest villages in the Western Cape still try to whip up some of his more famous recipes when the ingredients are available . Porcupine crackling is one of them . From his Cape Cookery book , Leipoldt 's preparation instructions call for plunging the animal into boiling water , scraping off the quills and hairs , scrubbing the skin until it 's perfectly smooth and white and then discarding the meat , which , he says , is n't very nice to eat . 8 . It 's the site of Britain 's most shocking military defeat In early 1879 the British army had state of the art equipment . Commander-in-Chief Lord Chelmsford thought the barefoot , spear-wielding Zulu forces he was about to attack in what is today the central part of KwaZulu-Natal province would be a walkover . What he did n't count on was the technique used by the Zulu troops under King Cetshwayo . In a formation representing the horns and chest of a buffalo , and using short , thrusting spears , the Zulus overwhelmed the British ; more than 1,300 of the 1,800 troops the British brought into battle were dead at the end of the day . The battle is re-enacted regularly and the site at Isandlwana is well maintained with accommodations nearby . 9 . SKA is n't music , it 's a telescope Ska is the roots of reggae music that began in Jamaica . SKA is the Square Kilometer Array , a giant radio telescope being built in the Karoo , a large , semi-desert that fills much of the southwestern part of the country . The Karoo is located in one of the most remote corners of South Africa . The place is extremely quiet and there 's no artificial light nearby . The SKA telescope will one day look into the universe and collect data 10,000 times faster than has ever been done before . Covering a square kilometer , the infrastructure wo n't be completed for another decade . It 's hoped that this multinational megaproject will help us understand where the universe has come from as well as where it 's going . More : Zimbabwe proposes Disneyland in Africa 10 . You can have a drink inside a tree Africa 's biggest and oldest trees , baobabs , are found in one of South Africa 's driest regions , Limpopo province . Also known as cream of tartar trees , monkey-bread trees and upside-down trees , kids know them from the "  Madagascar " films . The pulp from the tree contains citric and tartaric acids used as common baking ingredients . The seeds can be roasted and turned into oil and the fruit is used to make a lemonade-type drink . Limpopo province is home to a hauntingly beautiful forest of the trees near the border of Zimbabwe . The tree that locals claim is the largest baobab in the world is in nearby Modjadjiskloof . Standing at 22 meters high and 47 meters in diameter , the center is hollow and has been turned into a bar . Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown North America/Latin America Premiere episodes : Sundays , 9 p.m. ET Replays : Saturdays , 9 p.m. ET Asia/South Asia Premiere episodes : Mondays , 9 a.m. HKT Replays : Fridays ,10 p.m. HKT ; Sundays , 9 a.m. HKT	With apartheid two decades past , South Africa has claimed a spot as a top Africa destination In west of the country , Upington has a designated space shuttle emergency landing runway Cape Point is n't the most southerly point in Africa . That 's 170 kilometers farther east The world 's biggest baobab tree is said to be in Limpopo province and it features a bar
CNN  -- Every year , 1.5 million children around the world die from vaccine-preventable diseases , 10 million girls under 18 are forced into marriages , and 1 million people die from malaria . What does it take to make people in developed countries more aware of these life-and-death issues happening in what can seem like distant parts of the world ? How about fun online games and the chance to win fabulous prizes , like backstage passes to meet Lady Gaga ? That 's the concept behind the Global Good Challenge , a new initiative to grab the Facebook generation 's attention . The online contest 's goal is to promote the United Nations Foundation 's missions and drum up support for international activism and the U.N. itself . The games are a combination of simple one-question quizzes , sharing information like your ZIP code or e-mail address , and social actions such as Tweeting or following the organization on Twitter , Liking something on Facebook , or posting something directly to your timeline . Referring friends is also worth points . For every action you take , you earn "  tickets , " and for every three tickets you earn you are entered into the sweepstakes once . Why the grab for your information and social media activity ? The project 's creators believe social capital is just as valuable as money . Like a benevolent Ursula the Sea Witch , the Global Good Challenge is most interested in getting your voice . "  We 're trying to reach to a lot of different constituencies " said Timothy Wirth , president of the U.N. Foundation . The games are a way of engaging a new , younger audience , and gathering broad citizen support . That can take the form of people calling their congressmen or any number of other informal actions , said Wirth , a former senator from Colorado . The newest prize , announced on Friday morning in San Francisco , is the chance to ride along as a guest during an America 's Cup practice run with champion yachtsman James Spithill . "  It 's the equivalent of being on the back of a linebacker during a  football  game , " Spithill said . Even more interesting than the online challenges are the programs themselves , which are worth talking about without the promise of prizes . Shot@life is working to increase vaccinations in developing countries . Girl Up encourage American girls to get involved raising awareness of the issues girls face around the world , and the U.N. programs addressing them . Nothing but Nets raises money for mosquito nets to prevent malaria in Africa . The Global Good Challenge project is the brainchild of the Global Entrepreneurs Council , a group of successful under-40 entrepreneurs assembled to refresh the UN Foundation 's image and find new ways to promote its programs by tapping into the social media set . Members include Zaw Thet , Brian Gott , Sergio FernÃ ¡ ndez de Cordova and Randi Zuckerberg . Wirth affectionately refers to the group as "  our young tigers . " Each contest is open for a limited amount of time , and new prizes and challenges will be added in the future . Current prized include the America 's Cup ride-along , two VIP tickets and backstage passes to a Lady Gaga show , tickets to see Stevie Wonder at the U.N. Day concert , and a chance to go to the MTV Video Music Awards . To win , you just need to spread the word . "  You will literally be becoming a digital do-gooder , or a ` clicktavist , ' and saving someone 's life , " said Elizabeth Gore , the U.N. Foundation 's vice president of global partnerships . The U.N. Foundation was founded by Ted Turner in 1998 .	The Global Good Challenge it trying to turn activism into a game Prizes like tickets to a Lady Gaga concert could raise awareness of issues like malaria in Africa The U.N. Foundation hopes the games will reach younger , Twittering constituents
Editor 's note : With fears of a swine flu pandemic rising daily , CNN Pentagon producer Larry Shaughnessy remembered a batch of letters from his grandfather , a World War I soldier who battled the Spanish flu pandemic of 1918-1919 . Martin "  Al " Culhane , left , is pictured with his older brother , Frank , around 1918 or 1919 . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- "  I 'm coming , I 'm coming For my head is bending low I hear those gentle voices calling Old Black Joe " As World War I rages in Europe , fresh U.S. Army soldiers pass the time on a train ride to to Camp Forrest , Georgia . "  The boys are just starting to sing , " Martin Aloysius Culhane wrote on September 6 , 1918 , to his friend back home . "  They 've gotten back to ` Old Black Joe ' so far . " Stephen Foster 's classic song from the Civil War is about the death of slaves who had become his friends . But Culhane , known as "  Al , " and the soldiers who sang along could not know how much death would hunt the recruits on that train , most of whom never made it to Europe to fight in the Great War . They would find themselves in the deadliest influenza pandemic in history . Culhane 's letters to his older brother Frank and his long-time "  chum " Clif Pinter are a young soldier 's firsthand account of life as a draftee private and how he coped with a disease that would haunt Army camps around the United States and eventually infect people around the world . Some estimates say as many as 50 million people were killed by what 's called the Spanish influenza in 1918 and 1919 , far more than the number killed in combat during the war . Three weeks after the train trip to Georgia , Culhane , a 21-year-old clothing salesman from Chicago , Illinois , writes again . Already the flu occupies his thoughts . Learn more about the current swine flu " "  Received a nice letter from Phil Byrne he reports he is getting along fine , is feeling better than he has ever before . " Byrne , a friend from Chicago , was one of the early survivors of the Spanish flu . Other members of the Byrne family took ill a few months later , according to the letters . In the same letter he mentions how the Army was trying to protect the troops at Camp Forrest : "  Since noon today our camp has been under quarantine to prevent an epidemic of Spanish influenza . We have had no cases thus far but it is the intention of the medical officers to prevent any case of the disease from making an appearance . All the men who have even slight colds have been put into separate barrack which , of course , were immediately christened ` the TB ward ' by the rest of the company . " That same day , September 28 , 1918 , he wrote his brother Frank , a Navy sailor at home awaiting orders , "  Well the Spanish Influenza has made an appearance here and we are under strict orders no visits to Chattanooga , we are certainly the hard luck guys when it comes to this quarantine proposition . " At first the threat of Spanish flu is just an inconvenience for Culhane : "  I am just about fed up with staying in a district about a block square for three weeks . There is no canteen in the quarantine district and we have a hell of a time getting small supplies . " Just six days after complaining about the inconvenience , a brief but frightening note : "  Receive the enclosed letter for your information then see that Frank gets it unknown to the rest of the family . " What Culhane did n't want his mother , sister and younger brother to know was that he was in the infirmary with the Spanish flu . He asks his friend Clif to write often and encourage letters from "  my friends , without of course , telling them that I am a little under the weather . " His euphemism hid the fact that in some places more than 30 percent of people who contracted Spanish flu died . In the United States the mortality rate was lower , but still a devastating 3 percent . It was a crisis for the Army . Military bases , with thousands of men from all over the country in tightly packed barracks , were fertile breeding grounds for the flu , especially one as easily spread as this one . And unlike most flu strains that mostly strike the elderly , the very young or the sick , Spanish flu hit healthy , young adults like Army draftees . Just three days after telling his friend about being sick , Culhane wrote that he was feeling better . "  I am still in quarantine but will be released today . I am feeling great and the two day 's rest has done me a world of good . I have done nothing at all but sit in the shade , read and write letters . " His recovery from the Spanish flu was swift , but the very next day , October 7 , 1918 , he wrote to give "  all the details of the death of a very good friend , my Bunkie , Thomas Birdie . His body will go north today , I think , " Culhane wrote , asking Pinter to attend the wake . "  At his side , say a few prayers for the repose of his soul . " When not writing about the flu , Culhane dropped none-too-subtle hints about wanting care packages full of cookies from home . And he regularly questioned why other friends did n't write . He also worried that he was "  neglecting the ladies . " He pelts his friend Clif with questions about Ursula  "  Her Majesty , " he jokingly refers to her  , Ella  the young woman to whom he promised a prized golf club  Ida  "  I had a long letter from Ida Flynn . Boy ! I will have a job on my hands when I get home "  and the Marys  Mary Rose , Mary English , Mary Anne  . While Culhane writes about and to a lot of young ladies , there is no sign in the letters which one , if any , held a special place in his heart . Still he worried about one young man named "  Hank " who remained in Chicago . "  Keep the ladies amused by all means , but I look to you to protect my interests . Hank is too darn nice a chap to be safe around the ladies . However , if he seems to get extra strong I will write a note and have him made Admiral of the Arctic Circle . " After recovering from the flu , Culhane bemoans the fact that war was about to end . "  It is almost over now and thirty days will see at least a cessation of hostilities . Xmas will see peace . I will never see France and as long as that is impossible I might as well be out of the Army as soon as it is over . " Nine days later , on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month the war ended . And just four days after the fighting in Europe ended , the letters from Camp Forrest stopped . Al Culhane was sick again . This time he was taken to U.S. General Hospital # 14 at Fort Oglethorpe , Georgia . And he could n't keep the latest illness a secret from his family back home in Chicago . A Catholic chaplain wrote the family that he was sick and not able to write himself . When he was well enough , he wrote Pinter , "  I do n't know just what I have but it felt like old fashioned grip or perhaps ` The Flu . ' " . It took about two weeks before he was out of the Fort Oglethorpe hospital and back at Camp Forrest . He had twice survived the deadliest flu in history and lived to write home about it . After his second recovery his concerns turned to getting back to Chicago by Christmas . "  Clif I have seen my discharge all written out and from that moment on my usefulness as a soldier ceased . " But again illness got in the way . This time it was a completely different one : "  Measles has broken out in our company and we are quarantined . Did you ever hear of harder luck in all your life ? " Culhane did n't make it back to Chicago for Christmas . But he eventually did return home alive and well . He never did make it to France , but traveled the United States extensively with his wife , Evelyn , a woman never mentioned in his letters home , but someone he 'd known since they went through First Holy Communion together . As for Clif Pinter , who saved the letters , he and Al Culhane remained "  old chums " for life . After Pinter 's death , his son passed the letters on to Al 's daughter , Dorothy Clarke , who passed them onto Al 's grandchildren , including Lawrence Aloysius Shaughnessy , who works for CNN 's Pentagon unit and occasionally writes stories about soldiers for CNN.com .	U.S. soldier survived Spanish flu pandemic not once , but twice 1918 Spanish flu ravaged military camps where soldiers trained for WWI Letter says camp put "  under quarantine to prevent an epidemic of Spanish influenza " Martin "  Al " Culhane in letter told his brother to keep infection secret from rest of family
CNN  -- A day after House Majority Leader Eric Cantor 's almost unprecedented primary loss , his defeat is being felt far from his central Virginia congressional district . Aftershocks from Cantor 's loss at the hands of a little known and underfunded tea party supporter and economics professor rocked the political world -- from the campaign trail to the halls of Congress and the White House . The ouster of the No. 2 House Republican , who was seen by many as the next speaker , overturns the chamber 's leadership hierarchy , and effectively kills any chance of immigration reform . "  It 's just sending shivers throughout the Republican conference , " veteran GOP Rep. Lee Terry of Nebraska told CNN Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash . And Dave Brat 's David vs. Goliath win will embolden a tea party movement that 's experienced more defeats than victories so far this primary season . "  This is a major shot in the arm for the tea party movement , " said Adam Brandon , a top official at FreedomWorks , a leading organizer of grassroots conservatives . 7 reasons Eric Cantor lost Here are five things we learned from the political upset of the year : 1 . Showing up matters : Cantor apparently took things for granted . How Eric Cantor 's ` House of Cards ' fell apart "  Eric Cantor lost this race as much as Dave Brat won it . He simply violated rule number one of politics : go home , " said CNN Chief National Correspondent John King . "  This is Eric Cantor 's fault . He was in Washington on primary day . Not back in his district . " He also turned down last-minute help from political allies . "  His confidence , his arrogance , his smugness cost him his seat , " King added . Cantor did n't read the pulse of conservatives in his Republican-dominated district . "  My sense from talking to people in the 7th is that he had lost touch with the base of the Republican Party there , and by the time he realized it and tried to make amends , it was too late , " Virginia political analyst Quentin Kidd said . "  Cantor 's loss proves Speaker Tip O'Neill 's point about all politics being local . The tea party movement may be stumbling in some places , but there was a lot of local tea party frustration at Eric Cantor . He is seen as removed from the issues they care about , such as on immigration . They saw him as trying to have it both ways , and they called him on it , " added Kidd , director of the Wason Center for Public Policy at Christopher Newport University . Contrast that with GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , a frequent target of conservatives , who easily bested six primary challengers from the right on Tuesday . "  To Graham 's credit , he ran a great campaign . I think the assumption among a lot of people was that he 'd solely wage an air war , but I was impressed with the way he also ran a traditional , grassroots-focused campaign in addition to a compelling broadcast message . And Lindsey himself spent a lot of time on the ground here holding events and interacting one-on-one with voters , " South Carolina Republican consultant Joel Sawyer told CNN . Graham tended to the folks back home . Apparently Cantor did n't go home enough . 2 . The tea party is alive and well : Remember all those stories earlier this spring about the demise of the tea party . Forget about that . Cantor challenger , Dave Brat , ` shocked ' as results rolled in The five-year-old anti-establishment grassroots conservative movement suffered a string of high profile defeats to incumbents and other mainstream Republicans earlier in the primary season . But the tide may be turning a bit . And with a bunch of tea party vs. establishment primary battles yet to come , what happened in Virginia will only embolden the grassroots . Cantor becomes the second member of Congress running for re-election this year to go down to defeat in the primaries , following Republican Rep. Ralph Hall of Texas , who lost a runoff contest two weeks ago . Hall is 91 . Longtime Sen. Thad Cochran of Mississippi may soon become the third . He 's fighting for his political life as he faces a primary runoff in two weeks against a tea party backed state senator who narrowly edged him in last week 's primary . FreedomWorks , which is among the groups supporting Cochran challenger Mississippi state Sen. Chris McDaniel , says the Cantor defeat will only help their efforts . "  What happened last night in Virginia is just like adding jet fuel on that fire . Our grassroots person is getting inundated with requests from activists to help . They 're saying ` what can we do . What can we do , ' " said Brandon of FreedomWorks . Mainstream Republicans also agreed that Cantor 's defeat will give the tea party more mojo . "  This victory is the ` Pulp Fiction ' equivalent of the adrenaline needle plunged into the chest of the tea party , " said GOP consultant Ron Bonjean , who served as a top strategist and adviser top House and Senate Republican leaders . Who said the tea party was dead ? 3 . There will be a House leadership shakeup : House GOP members and aides say they are still reeling from the news and it 's still sinking in . There were a flurry of calls between leadership offices and small gatherings of House GOP members on Tuesday night as the results came in , but multiple GOP leadership aides say it 's still unclear what happens next . "  It 's just stunning , " GOP Rep. Lee Terry of Nebraska said . "  And we 're trying to analyze what really happened here . " Cantor 's expected to announce he will step down as Majority Leader effective July 31 , a senior House Republican source told CNN 's Bash . And the move could trigger a fight to replace him . Cantor 's stunning upset does make it more likely that House Speaker John Boehner stays in office . According to a GOP source , Boehner reaffirmed his colleagues Wednesday that he was "  all in for speaker " in the next Congress and then got a standing ovation . Current House GOP Whip Kevin McCarthy of California is expected to announce his intention to move up the leadership ladder and run for majority leader . He is popular and helped raise money and elect many of the new members of the conference . Cantor said if McCarthy runs , he would be "  an outstanding Majority Leader " and would back him . But conservative members are already demanding someone from a red state be elected to represent their views at the leadership table . Several House conservatives have pointed to Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise , who currently heads the group of fiscal conservatives in the House , Texas Rep. Jeb Hensarling , Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan , and Georgia Rep. Tom Price as possible candidates for leadership jobs . Rep. Pete Sessions of Texas told reporters Wednesday that he 's planning to run for majority leader . Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington State , the House Republican conference chair and top women in the leadership team , announced that she will stay put in her current position and not bid for the majority leader position . 4 . Immigration reform is dead for now : The vast majority of House Republicans already decided they did n't want to vote on any immigration bills before the midterm election . Those advocates who were pushing for action conceded that even the most minor steps would have to wait until primary challenges were over . But after a low-profile and underfunded tea party candidate who ran almost solely on railing against Cantor 's embrace of "  amnesty " beat him soundly any prospects for action have evaporated . Cantor embraced some of the most minor immigration reforms so House Republicans fearful of losing their own jobs wo n't want to touch the issue . "  The members who want immigration reform will still be pushing it , but last night 's election makes the road they must travel much steeper , " said GOP strategist John Feehery , who was a top aide to one-time Speaker Dennis Hastert and Tom DeLay when he was majority whip . 2014 midterms : What 's at stake Complete midterm coverage 5 . If you can believe it , gridlock on Capitol Hill will get worse : The partisan toxic pre-midterm election atmosphere in Washington was already bad . Just getting the most basic bills passed to keep the government running has been a Herculean task . Terry told CNN 's Bash the loss will mean members will have less motivation to work across the aisle . Terry added that the message to House GOP members is "  negotiation or compromise could get you beat . " Feehery added that the Cantor loss throws the Republican conference into chaos and makes it harder to get anything done . CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen agreed . "  For Cantor to be knocked off by a tea party conservative over his efforts to push for immigration reform and his earlier efforts to lift the debt ceiling , I think it will send shockwaves through Republican ranks . Look at the price he paid for doing things the majority of Americans support , " said Gergen a senior adviser to both Democratic and Republican presidents . Jack Trammell is the Democrat who no longer has to face Eric Cantor	Cantor 's loss is sending "  shivers " through the House Republican Party House leadership shakeup - Cantor is expected to resign as majority leader With Cantor 's defeat , the tea party is not dead , but immigration reform probably is Political climate in Washington already poison , but Cantor loss likely will make it harder to do anything
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The attorney representing two men suing John Travolta for alleged groping apologized Friday to Travolta 's attorney for how one of the plaintiffs was wrong about the date of one alleged attack . That plaintiff , identified as John Doe No. 1 , will remain in the federal lawsuit but will be represented by a different lawyer , attorney Okorie Okorocha told CNN . Travolta 's attorney , Martin Singer , has said the actor denies the lawsuit 's allegations that he groped two massage therapists while on their massage tables . The suit seeks $ 2 million in damages for each plaintiff . "  I want to apologize to Martin Singer . It must be very upsetting , " Okorocha told CNN about how John Doe No. 1 provided the wrong date of January 16 for an alleged groping incident in a bungalow at the Beverly Hills Hotel . "  I believed I was on solid ground or I would n't have given the dates on any court papers or to Mr. Singer , " said Okorocha , an attorney based in Pasadena , California . John Doe No. 1 "  needs a fresh lawyer to handle the case and we 're working on that , " Okorocha said . "  He needs someone to handle the case who has n't made any mistakes . " The current petition will be amended once the new lawyer is hired for John Doe No. 1 , and that lawyer would rewrite the section relating to that client , Okorocha said . John Doe No. 2 will still be represented by Okorocha and remain on the same lawsuit , the attorney said . This week , Travolta 's lawyer argued a time-stamped photograph and a restaurant receipt show the actor was not in Los Angeles when John Doe No. 1 claimed the actor assaulted him . The plaintiffs are identified in court filings only as John Doe No. 1 from Texas and John Doe No. 2 of Atlanta , a move their lawyer says is allowed by federal law to protect victims . Travolta 's lawyers know their names , Okorocha said . Singer said that Okorocha filed his clients anonymously to keep other people from recognizing them and coming forward with evidence against them . Travolta , 58 , has been married to actress Kelly Preston for 20 years . The oldest of their three children , Jett , was 16 when he died of a seizure while the family was vacationing in the Bahamas in January 2009 . Okorocha said much of his practice is focused on going after sexual predators . He said he is not intimidated by the prospect of going against Singer , a veteran lawyer known for aggressive tactics in his representation of "  A-list " Hollywood clients . But Singer came out swinging against Okorocha this week , first questioning the suit 's detailed description of the first incident in which Travolta allegedly groped John Doe No. 1 repeatedly and finally masturbated during the two-hour massage session in the Beverly Hills Hotel bungalow . The suit claimed Travolta picked up the plaintiff in a black Lexus SUV and took him to a hotel bungalow where an African-American chef was cooking hamburgers . But Singer said that Travolta "  does n't have a black chef , does n't own an SUV or a Lexus . He drives a sedan . " And Travolta was in New York that day to be fitted for his wardrobe for his film "  Killing Seasons , " Singer said . He arrived in the city on January 15 , a day before the alleged assault in Beverly Hills , and remained there at least through the next day , he said . A photograph of Travolta , which Singer said was taken at the New York fitting , bears a digital timestamp of January 16 at 4:30 p.m. , although the time zone was not specified . Singer also provided a receipt for a $ 382 meal at Mr. Chow , a Manhattan restaurant , apparently printed at 11:38 p.m. the same day of the alleged Beverly Hills assault . The merchant copy of the receipt does not include a signature . Earlier this week , Okorocha had stood by John Doe No. 1 's account of the alleged January 16 assault . "  My client was sexually assaulted at 10 a.m. , " Okorocha said this week . "  I can get there on horseback to Mr. Chow 's in New York in 12 hours . That 's not that remarkable . " He noted that Travolta is a licensed pilot with a private jet . The second plaintiff , who claims a similar encounter with Travolta occurred at an Atlanta hotel where he was a staff massage therapist on January 25 , was added to the lawsuit Tuesday . Okorocha said the case should be easy to prove because of documentation that was done soon after the incident . "  He tells his boss , the employees all talk about it . There 's e-mails going back and forth about the incident . " Responded Singer this week : "  This second ` anonymous ' claim is just as absurd and ridiculous as the first one . " Singer said it was "  obvious " that Okorocha "  checked media reports that my client was in Atlanta working on a movie " before filing the second claim about an Atlanta incident , he said . "  However , the claim by Doe No. 2 is just as fabricated as the claim by Doe No. 1 , " Singer said . "  Our client will be fully vindicated in court on both of these absurd and fictional claims . " Unless Travolta accepts an out-of-court settlement , the actor can expect to testify in public and on camera about the allegations , Okorocha said this week . "  He 's going to have a videotaped deposition with me asking him questions and if he goes to trial he is going be on the witness stand answering my questions , " Okorocha said . "  That is far more intensive and productive as far as evidence than any police report will ever be . " The lawsuit alleges that Travolta called the first plaintiff , who advertises online with "  professionally themed ads , " to arrange for a massage at $ 200 an hour . Travolta picked him up at a Beverly Hills address and drove him to the hotel , according to the lawsuit . When they entered the bungalow , Travolta "  shamelessly stripped naked " in front of a professional chef and the plaintiff , the lawsuit states . "  For the first hour the massage was without incident , other than he kept purposefully sliding the towel down that covered his buttocks to reveal about half of gluteus area , " the suit states . The massage therapist repeatedly slid the towel back up 10 times in the first hour , "  reminding Defendant that state law required that a massage client be fully draped during the massage , " the suit states . When Travolta "  started to rub Plaintiff 's leg , " he "  thought it was accidental , " it said . Later , however , there was more touching by Travolta "  and this time Plaintiff told Defendant to please not touch him again , " the complaint said . "  Defendant apologized , but then snickered to himself like a mischievous child , " it said . The lawsuit then described Travolta allegedly touching and grabbing the massage therapist 's penis . "  This was painful and uncomfortable , " the suit said . Travolta apologized and suggested they "  must have gotten our signals crossed , " and that he thought that the massage therapist "  wanted the same thing he did , " it said . "  Defendant then tried to act like it was a simple misunderstanding . " Travolta then asked him to switch places on the table for a "  reverse massage , " the lawsuit states . Travolta allegedly offered to perform a sexual act on the therapist . Although the therapist "  felt very afraid for his safety , " he agreed to stay and continue with the massage after Travolta told him "  OK , I 'll behave myself , " the suit said . Travolta 's statement "  gave plaintiff confidence that his predatory behavior was finally under control , " the suit said . When he resumed with a deep tissue massage on his shoulders , Travolta told him , "  Say something nice to me , " it said . Travolta , who allegedly began masturbating , then got up and screamed at the plaintiff "  how selfish he was ; that Defendant got where he is now due to sexual favors he had performed when he was in his ` Welcome Back Kotter ' days , " the suit said . Hollywood is controlled by homosexual men "  who expect favors in return for sexual activity , " the lawsuit document quotes Travolta as saying . "  Defendant then went on to say how he had done things in his past that would make most people throw up , " it said . The complaint said Travolta told the therapist that "  he was smart enough to learn to enjoy it , and when he began to make millions of dollars , that it all became well worth it . " When the therapist refused to take part , Travolta said , "  No problem . I will find new friends , " the suit said . He then offered to call a "  Hollywood starlet " who wanted "  three-way sex , " but "  they needed to have sex together first before calling her , so this way they would be in-sync with each other sexually , " the suit said . The actor told him he could "  make millions and be famous " if he lost some weight and adapted to same-sex relations , the suit said . When the therapist threatened to call police if he was not returned to where he was picked up , Travolta drove him back , although calling him "  selfish " and a "  loser " on the way , it said . He paid the therapist $ 800 , double the $ 400 owed for the two hours , the suit said . CNN 's Carolyn Sung and Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	The attorney who filed a sex suit apologizes to John Travolta 's attorney An accuser was wrong about the date of an alleged groping incident , the attorney says Still , the federal lawsuit filed by two massage therapists against Travolta will continue Travolta 's attorney says the actor denies the suit 's accusations
CNN  -- They 're rich , powerful and P.O. 'd . One of them is BFF with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . And they 're putting President Obama on notice : stop the Keystone XL oil pipeline or else . Or else what ? Well it depends on who you ask . Take Susie Tompkins Buell , for instance . She 's a major Democratic Party fundraiser and co-founder of Esprit clothing company . This is a woman who 's used to hosting political fundraisers and entertaining multimillionaires . She 's often described as one of Clinton 's closest friends -- donating to her 2008 presidential campaign . Back then , she led a group of holdout Clinton supporters before finally throwing her support to Obama after the '08 Democratic convention . On Tuesday , Buell could have been rubbing shoulders with the president at a swanky $ 5,000-a-plate luncheon . Instead , she joined an estimated 1,000 people out in the street protesting against the pipeline . "  If he does n't oppose this , I certainly could not get behind him in a big way , " she said Thursday . Over the years , she guesses she has raised more than $ 1 million for Democratic causes and candidates . Will she be helping out Obama 's re-election ? "  I 'm doing fundraisers for several people coming up in the next few months , but the  Obama campaign  has n't asked me , and I have n't volunteered -- and I do n't know what 's to come , I really do n't . " Buell was n't the only rich and powerful political donor at Tuesday 's demonstration . Michael Kieschnick , president and co-founder of CREDO Mobile and Working Assets , was there , too . Obama 's decision , he said , "  will really be the clearest most unambiguous statement of whether or not he cares about protecting the Earth as he said in his campaign . " Keystone XL is a proposed 1,700-mile pipeline that would carry crude oil from Alberta , Canada , to refineries in Texas . Environmentalists fear the pipeline will poison underground water supplies . Pipeline operator TransCanada says the project would pose no threat , create jobs and spur the sagging economy . Obama has said the decision whether to begin pipeline construction rests with the State Department , but opponents say the final call is in the president 's hands . The administration 's decision is expected before the end of the year . Buell said she 's spoken about the Keystone issue recently with her friend the secretary of State at a social gathering a few weeks ago . "  She knows that it 's important for the people to speak out , " Buell said . In 2010 , Clinton said the State Department had not yet completed its analysis of the pipeline 's environmental effects , but it was "  inclined " to "  sign off " on the project . At the demonstration Buell , who has seven grandchildren , held a poster that said , "  Another outraged grandmother against the pipeline . " "  I do n't say that I know President Obama , but I 've had several conversations with him , " Buell said . "  I feel that the environment is not a priority for him , and it should be . " Obama re-election campaign press secretary Ben LaBolt would n't respond directly to Buell 's comments , but he did offer a written statement that said , "  The president has done more to wean us off of foreign oil and transition the nation to a clean energy economy than any other -- investing in renewable energy and high-speed rail , building a smart grid and reaching a historic agreement with the automakers on fuel economy standards that will save us from importing millions of barrels of oil from the Middle East . When Americans compare the president 's record promoting clean energy and America 's energy security to those of the leading Republican candidates , who do n't even believe that climate change is an issue that we need to address and would cede the clean energy market to China , there will be no question about who will continue our progress . " Political test The environmental community sees the Keystone pipeline as more than a threat to water in the heartland . They see it as a political test of Obama 's 2008 campaign promise to cut U.S. dependence on polluting fossil fuels and to slow climate change . Allowing the project to move forward , they say , makes a statement that the White House is willing to bow to the wishes of the powerful oil industry . Kieschnick 's business has donated $ 5 million to groups that oppose the pipeline . A self-described "  big and enthusiastic " Obama supporter in 2008 , Kieschnick said he made $ 4,400 in personal donations to the president 's first campaign . He also was among 1,200 pipeline protesters who were arrested outside the White House last summer . But Kieschnick has n't given up hope . He still has a photo of himself with Obama hanging on his office wall . Ex-Obama environment adviser arrested in pipeline protest Basically , he says , if the pipeline starts going , the money stops flowing . "  I would still vote for him , and I would work to defeat his opponents , " Kieschnick said , "  but nothing more . " It 's not the first time disgruntled Democrats have threatened to withhold their support for Obama . During debt ceiling negotiations with Congress in July , the Progressive Change Campaign Committee demanded that the president press Congress to raise taxes on higher income earners and protect entitlements -- or else lose the committee 's support . Members of the group threatened not to contribute to or volunteer for the president 's re-election campaign unless the White House met its demands . Last summer , the liberal group MoveOn.org , which supported Obama in 2008 , expressed frustration with the president over what it said was his inability to hold firm against Republicans in debt ceiling battles and on environmental issues . Environmentalists acknowledge the White House has made some positive steps , including new vehicle fuel efficiency standards aimed at saving energy and cutting pollution . But if Obama allows Keystone to go forward , they say there will be political repercussions . Donors like IT consultant David desJardins say the campaign will have a hard time motivating its base in an election where turnout may be critical . "  Even if the Sierra Club says we should still go out and support the president , people will say , ` Why should we do that when he did n't stand up for us when he really had the chance ? ' " In 2008 , ex-Google software engineer and philanthropist desJardins watched from the audience as Obama delivered his nomination acceptance speech promising to fight climate change and pollution . Now Keystone offers a chance for "  Obama to do the right thing , and then give a great speech about how we need to stop investing in environmental degradation and nonrenewable energy sources and start investing instead in renewable energy , " desJardins said . "  Then I would certainly be inspired to make a contribution . " Protest organizers admit their message has been overshadowed somewhat by the nationwide Occupy Wall Street protests . But rather than compete for media attention , the two groups have been helping each other to some extent , joining forces at protests and offering moral support , organizers said . Nonetheless , the anti-Keystone groups are preparing a new demonstration set for November 6 , a year before Election Day , when thousands of pipeline opponents plan to form a human circle around the White House .	Campaign donors to Obama : Stop oil pipeline Supporters say Keystone pipeline is good for the economy Pipeline threatens groundwater , opponents say Campaign : Obama has done more to transition to clean energy
CNN  -- Joss Whedon 's name has been flung around the movie stratosphere with Thor-worthy momentum since his superhero blockbuster "  The Avengers " staked a claim on the box office this summer . But the "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer , " "  Angel " and "  Firefly " creator still feels relatively nervous , modest , yenta-ish and excited when it comes to film festivals . His equally modest , black-and-white Shakespeare adaptation "  Much Ado About Nothing " premieres Saturday at this year 's Toronto International Film Festival . The festival runs from Thursday through Sept. 16 . "  I 've been to two festivals in my life , and I 've never been to Toronto . I have n't really been making festival movies . This is new territory for me , " Whedon told EW.com . "  I 'm kind of festive . Toronto has an amazing rep. The entire cast is coming . That 's so exciting for me , since they 're all my buddies . I would like to find a distributor and would really like to see other people 's movies . " What 's next for Joss Whedon ? "  Much Ado , " starring "  Angel " alums Amy Acker and Alexis Denisof as sparring lovers Benedick and Beatrice , and "  Firefly " alum Nathan Fillion as comically incompetent constable Dogberry , is as far from "  The Avengers ' " large sets and booming action as you can get . The movie was shot over 12 days at Whedon 's home in Santa Monica , Calif. . It 's the first feature from Whedon 's mini studio Bellwether Pictures , which he created with his wife Kai Cole . Acker , who has flown somewhat under the radar since her role as wide-eyed Winifred Burkle on "  Angel , " did a reading of "  Much Ado " with Denisof years ago at Whedon 's house . Hopefully the film version will land Acker back in the spotlight . "  Amy 's the best actress I 've ever worked with . Get ready for an ace star performance . People were speechless , " gushed Whedon . "  We started the home Shakespeare readings 10 years ago or more . It was season five or season six of Buffy . Sarah Michelle Gellar did not do the readings . A smattering of writers and actors from the shows did them . With Much Ado , eventually the technology changed to the point where you can make a movie , and not just a stage reading , but an actual production at home . " As for Fillion , Whedon said the Castle star had never read Shakespeare , before filming the movie , and that Fillion was scared . "  But he was so assured , and so funny . People are thinking spinoff ! " said Whedon . Whedon also mused about the connections between Shakespeare and "  The Avengers , " which has grossed more than $ 650 million domestically at the box office since its May debut , according to BoxOfficeMojo.com . Apparently a knack for dry , snarky , intricate language and twisting , turning plot lines spans generations , TV , movies and plays . "  There 's a reason Tony Stark makes fun of Thor , and mentions Shakespeare in the Park in The Avengers , " said Whedon . "  It 's great to play high drama and comedy alongside a modern story . Shakespeare was shameless about that stuff , pop culture references . Much Ado is very much in the vein of the movies I make , which surprised me . It 's not that different from The Avengers . It 's about finding why everyone is in the movie . What makes Ursula the maid shine ? It was oddly similar . " As for making other independent films , with Whedon 's mega stuffed Marvel schedule working on "  The Avengers " sequel and TV spinoff "  S.H.I.E.L.D. , " will there still be time , or even room in his Marvel contract , for the multitasking writer-director to feed into Bellwether Pictures ? Whedon said yes . "  The agreement with Marvel carved out room for movies like ` Much About Do ' and ` In Your Eyes , ' which my wife produced , which we 've finished post on . And Dr. Horrible 2 , " said Whedon . "  Anything that is not movie and TV . I can do web , comic books , macramÃ © , art . " See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Much Ado About Nothing " premieres Saturday Toronto International Film Festival . The film stars "  Angel " and "  Firefly " alumni Whedon mused about the connections between Shakespeare and "  The Avengers , "
CNN  -- The lawyer for a U.S. man being held in Aruba in connection with the case of a missing American woman urged authorities on Sunday to release his client . Gary Giordano , 50 , was arrested by Aruban police on August 5 , three days after Robyn Gardner , 35 , was last seen near Baby Beach on the western tip of the Caribbean island . "  Today , 9 days later , 4 voluntary interviews , 2 site visits , and more than 30 statements coming from different sources including witnesses and professionals , we can not deduce that there is hard proof to sustain a demand by the public prosecutor against our client , " Giordano 's attorney , Michael Lopez , said in a written statement . According to Aruban prosecutors , the missing woman and the suspect arrived on the island July 31 from the United States . Authorities search phosphate mines on Aruba Lopez said last week that his client came to Aruba on vacation with a female friend he had met on a dating site and has known for years . Giordano told authorities that he had been snorkeling with Gardner when he signaled to her to swim back , according to a statement from the prosecutor 's office . When he reached the beach , Gardner was nowhere to be found , he allegedly said . Lopez denied statements by prosecutors that his client is no longer cooperating with authorities in the investigation . The attorney said in his statement Sunday that Giordano , whom he identified by his initials , GG , has given "  all possible cooperation . " "  The client has his own business and family in the United States . He has no reason whatsoever to obstruct any investigation , " Lopez said . He added that his client could be returned to Aruba "  in case any legal proof shows up . " This weekend , authorities said that crews searching for the missing woman have looked in Aruban phosphate mines . Gardner 's boyfriend speaks to HLN 's Dr. Drew Articles of clothing were found Friday in one mine , but authorities had not determined whether they are related to the disappearance of Gardner , Aruban Solicitor General Taco Stein told CNN . FBI agents on Friday searched Giordano 's Gaithersburg , Maryland , home , Special Agent Rich Wolf told CNN . Agents , wearing vests that said FBI and carrying empty cardboard and plastic boxes , arrived around 8:40 p.m. Friday . About 15 unmarked cars could be seen on the street , as well as a Montgomery County police vehicle . Stein said Friday that the suspect will appear in court Monday , where an investigating magistrate could order him held for at least eight more days , order him to remain on the island or release him outright due to a lack of evidence . Although officials have stopped actively searching for Gardner , they are continuing to seek evidence in the case . "  In anticipation of any possible reason of prolongation of the client 's detention , we can state that no felony has been committed by him , " Lopez said in his Sunday statement . "  The Department of Justice at this time does not have any basis to request prolongation of his detention . "	Gary Giordano is being held in connection with Robyn Gardner 's disappearance His lawyer , Michael Lopez , says Giordano has not committed a felony Lopez insists his client is cooperating in the investigation
CNN  -- At least 23 people died Saturday when a protest rally turned violent outside Madagascar 's Presidential Palace , a fire official at the main hospital said . People duck to avoid gunfire Saturday in Antananarivo , the capital of Madagascar . The official said 83 people were injured during the demonstration in the capital city of Antananarivo , according to journalist Dregoire Pourtier , who passed the information to CNN . The International Committee of the Red Cross helped at least 18 injured people , press officer Mbola Ramamanana said . Brittany Martin , an American who is a Harvard Fellow and lives near the palace , said she could hear the crowd cheering amid intermittent gunshots and noises that may have been tear gas canisters . iReport.com : Are you there ? "  From the window I can see military cars and ambulances driving by , " Martin said . "  Nothing is up in smoke . We know there have been people killed from French and Malagasy news reports . "  We can see the back of the president 's palace . This morning was totally peaceful . We knew that Andry -LSB- Rajoelina -RSB- was unveiling his new government at the May 13th Plaza , which was peaceful , " she said , citing a friend who was there . Madagascar 's government is in flux . President Marc Ravalomanana fired Rajoelina as mayor of Antananarivo and put someone else in the job , but Rajoelina is still technically mayor and claims to head a transitional national government . Martin said she heard gunshots starting about 2 p.m. , after the protesters marched from the plaza to the palace . She said it was unclear where the shots were coming from . Some media reports blamed foreign mercenaries for the shootings ; others said army guards were responsible or that the army was firing at the mercenaries to protect the crowd . Violence in Madagascar began January 26 , when protesters stormed state-run television and radio stations in Antananarivo . Hours earlier , the government had shut down a radio station owned by Rajoelina and , weeks before , had similarly shut down Rajoelina 's television station after it aired an interview with ex-President Didier Ratsiraka . Ravalomanana took power in 2001 after ousting Ratsiraka in a tense , hotly contested election . Ratsiraka fled to France afterward . Loyalists blame Ratsiraka 's family members for inciting the recent trouble . There is also anger in Madagascar -- where the World Bank says the average person earns about $ 320 a year -- over reports that Ravalomanana recently bought a $ 60 million airplane . Last Saturday , Rajoelina took to the streets , declaring himself the nation 's leader after a week of violence and looting that killed at least 80 people and wounded more than 300 . Rajoelina urged supporters to demand the resignation of Ravalomanana and said he planned to take charge until a transition government can be established in the island nation off Africa 's southeastern coast . Map " "  What we 've been pushing for is dialogue the whole time , " said Rodney Ford , a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy . He said he received reports that palace guards used tear gas and shot into the air to try to disperse the crowd . "  I do n't think anyone wanted violence . " According to the U.S. State Department , Madagascar has about 20 million people with ethnic origins in Africa and Asia . It was administered by the British Empire during much of the 19th century until it came under the control of France , from which it gained independence in 1960 .	Gunfire heard near presidential palace , site of anti-government rally President and fired mayor of capital city are locked in a power struggle Rally started peacefully , American in capital says
An unlikely ally is offering a glimmer of hope that President Barack Obama can make good on his vow to close Guantanamo Bay before leaving office . Republican Sen. John McCain , a fierce critic of Obama 's foreign policy , is about to take the chairmanship of the powerful Senate Armed Services Committee . He says it 's still possible the war on terror camp in Cuba could be shut down -- but warns that the administration will have to come up with a clear plan to overcome Republican opposition . Asked in a CNN interview whether he was prepared to help his old political foe , despite a congressional ban on sending detainees to the U.S. mainland , McCain said , "  I am prepared to and I think it can be done . " But he warned that ever since he started talking to the administration about Guantanamo Bay in 2009 , it had "  never come forward with a plan as to how we treat those individuals that have been judged as too dangerous to ever be released , and that is the hangup . " McCain , himself a former prisoner of war , has long favored closing Guantanamo Bay , which critics say stains the reputation of the United States and is a recruiting tool for terrorists . But key players in Congress , including many senior Republicans , have barred funding for the administration to send remaining inmates elsewhere or to build facilities on the U.S. mainland . Speculation about the camp 's future is being stoked by the recent transfers of a group of prisoners to Uruguay last week . The U.S. response to the 9/11 attacks in 2001 is also back in the spotlight because of the recent release of a Senate report on enhanced interrogation tactics critics say equate to torture . McCain said he thought that Republican opposition could be overcome , if the administration laid out exactly how it believed it could close Guantanamo . "  If I went to the members of the committee today and said , ` Look they are going to be moved to a maximum security prison in some location in the United States of America and we have a plan for that transfer , I think most of them would be perfectly happy about that , " McCain said . Last weekend , the Obama administration sent six Guantanamo Bay detainees to Uruguay for resettlement as refugees as part of its plan to depopulate the camp prior to its closure . Four of the former detainees -- Ahmed Adnan Ahjam , Ali Hussain Shaabaan , Omar Mahmoud Faraj , and Jihad Diyab -- are Syrian nationals , while Abdul Bin Mohammed Abis Ourgy is Tunisian , and Mohammed Tahanmatan is Palestinian , according to Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby . RELATED : GOP congressman : We ` ought to rethink ' Gitmo transfer policy I just do n't think that is trustworthy , " McCain said , adding that former inmates needed re-education to ensure they did not return to extremism . "  I am very concerned , " he said . Republicans complain that released detainees are not sufficiently monitored when they leave Guantanamo Bay , and cite figures saying that nearly 30 percent of those released are back in the fight against U.S. forces . The transfers leave only 136 detainees at Guantanamo Bay , out of an peak population of more than 750 . That 's the lowest number of inmates at the base in Cuba since detainees started arriving in 2002 . Gitmo inmate : My treatment shames American flag But that leaves the most problematic prisoners , including those who the administration says are too dangerous to be released , and can not be tried in civilian courts as they are considered enemy combatants or the evidence against them is seen as tainted because it was obtained under duress . The Wall Street Journal reported in October that Obama remained determined to close Guantanamo Bay , and was prepared to use executive power to do so if Congress would not go along . Since he won re-election in 2012 , Obama has appointed special envoys at the Defense and State departments to try to get foreign countries to accept more foreign detainees . He has also lifted the moratorium on lifting sending Yemeni prisoners back home . Nearly all Guantanamo prisoners are being held without charges , and while about half of those are considered high-level threat detainees , the remainder were determined to be low-level threats by a task force of top U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies . Those in the latter group could gain their freedom , provided security conditions could first be met in their host countries . In December 2010 , Congress amended the annual defense budget bill to prevent the transfer of any Guantanamo detainees to the United States . That defeated the Obama administration 's plans announced a year earlier to try several Guantanamo detainees involved in the 9/11 terrorist attacks in U.S. federal court . Shutting down Guantanamo : Who 's left and what 's in the way	Sen. John McCain says Guantanamo could still be closed But demands Obama administration offer clear plan Congress banned detainee transfers to U.S. mainland in 2010
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Throughout the 1990s , São Paulo 's House of Detention contained about 8,000 of Latin America 's most violent criminals . Better known as Carandiru , it was once the largest prison on the continent . On October 2 , 1992 , a massive fight broke out in the Brazilian complex among the prisoners . It ultimately resulted in 111 inmate deaths . That day , there were 84 state military police officers present , and 102 bullets were fired . The nine guys who were n't shot in their vital organs got knifed , but the cops  none of whom were killed , by the way  swore that the prisoners were already carved up by the time guards arrived . In the archival images we collected , we see one inmate partially decapitated and another with a hole in his chest the size of a tennis ball . That does n't exactly scream self-defense .  The footage is graphic , so be warned . See the rest of Carandiru 's Bloody Memories at VBS.TV Ronaldo Mazotto de Lima worked at the prison for over a decade . He was also one of the first people to witness the aftermath of the carnage that 's now referred to as the Carandiru Massacre . After the jail 's destruction , Mazotto de Lima transferred to a minimum-security prison in Serra Azul . He brought more than his experience to the new job . He also took along some of the only surviving evidence of the massacre : More than 2,000 photos , 300 personal effects and 10 hours of grisly video footage . It was all taken shortly after the violence subsided , and he wants to be sure that history does n't forget what he witnessed . So we asked him to help us understand . An edited version of this article originally appeared in Vice magazine .	Witness to 1992 deadly prison revolt documented bloody aftermath Ronaldo Mazotto hopes photos , video , personal effects will help preserve history VBS travels to Brazil to see the evidence , meet Mazotto
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- India detains hundreds of people each year without charge or trial to "  keep them out of circulation " in the northern state of Jammu and Kashmir , according to a new report released Monday by Amnesty International . The human rights monitoring group documented how India 's Public Safety Act  PSA  is used to justify long-term detentions of people , even when there is insufficient evidence for trial . The draconian act has come under repeated criticism from human rights groups who have expressed alarm over Kashmiris caught in the fight between Indian security forces and militant groups in the Himalayan state . The Amnesty report estimated that between 8,000 and 20,000 people were detained in the past two decades ; 322 of them were held between January and September of last year when a wave of unrest swept the region and people took to the streets in deadly anti-government protests . "  The Jammu and Kashmir authorities are using PSA detentions as a revolving door to keep people they ca n't or wo n't convict through proper legal channels locked up and out of the way , " said Sam Zarifi , Amnesty International 's Asia-Pacific Director . "  Hundreds of people are being held each year on spurious grounds , with many exposed to higher risk of torture and other forms of ill-treatment . " Among the detainees are political leaders and activists , suspected members or supporters of armed opposition groups , lawyers , journalists , and protesters , including children , Amnesty said . The report said that often , people are initially picked up for "  unofficial " interrogation and have no access to a lawyer or their families . Amnesty said the Indian government has relied on the safety act in dealing with a resurgence of street protests . "  Despite this apparent shift in the nature of the unrest , Jammu and Kashmir authorities continue to rely on the PSA rather than attempting to charge and try those suspected of committing criminal acts , " Zarifi said . "  The PSA undermines the rule of law and reinforces deeply held perceptions that police and security forces are above the law . " The state 's Chief Minister Omar Abdullah denied that so many people had been detained under the act . He said 4,046 people were arrested in the protests . But , he said , 3,900 of them were released and only 28 had been detained . A senior police officer told CNN that about 250 people were detained under the PSA in the past year but some had been released . The Indian state is divided into mostly Hindu Jammu and Muslim Kashmir , where many residents argue that the territory should have been a part of Pakistan when the subcontinent was partitioned in 1947 . Polls have found a majority of Muslims in the state favor secession . The Indian government blames Pakistan for furling an insurgency in Kashmir . Tens of thousands of Kashmiris have died in the bloodshed over the years . Khurram Parvez , coordinator of the Jammu and Kashmir coalition of civil societies , said the Public Safety Act gives the Indian government powers to arbitrarily detain detain a person for two years without trial , against India 's principles of justice . CNN 's Moni Basu and Mukhtar Ahmed contributed to this story .	Amnesty International criticizes India 's Public Safety Act A new report documents detentions under the act It says the detentions are used to "  keep people out of circulation "
CNN  -- Pakistani Taliban leader Qari Hussain Mehsud , whose notoriety includes allegedly recruiting children as suicide bombers , is being targeted by the United States , the State Department announced Thursday . "  Widely considered to be the deadliest of all TTP 's commanders , Hussain and the TTP  Tehrik-e Taliban Pakistan  have taken responsibility for many lethal suicide bombings throughout Pakistan , " the State Department said in a news release on Qari Hussain . The released cited a string of such attacks , including a blast last September that killed at least 54 people at a rally in Quetta and a car bombing the same month that killed at least 17 people -- including four children -- in Lakki Marwat . Even among militant groups known for brutal violence , Qari Hussain Mehsud has a notorious reputation . He is alleged to have recruited dozens of Pakistani children as suicide bombers  a form of attack in which he reportedly is an expert trainer  and has boasted of personally beheading enemies . After the abortive Times Square bombing in New York last year , his voice was purportedly on the audio tape that claimed responsibility for the attack on behalf of the TTP . On several occasions , Pakistani officials have claimed that he has been killed . No evidence has ever been presented , and it seems that Qari Hussain is still somewhere in the rugged mountains along the Afghan-Pakistan border -- most likely in North Waziristan . He is well connected in jihadist circles . He is a cousin of the current leader of the TTP , Hakimullah Mehsud  himself a target of US drone attacks  , and terrorism analysts believe he has good contacts with other groups active in the region . Not that those contacts have always been cordial -- Pakistani media reported in 2008 a feud over the fate of a Polish geologist who was being held by Qari Hussain 's group . Rather than hand him over to another faction , they slit his throat . Qari Hussein comes from the Mehsud tribe , which is prominent in Waziristan and includes several other leading figures in the Pakistan Taliban . But he also spent time as a boy in Karachi , attending a hard-line Sunni "  madrassa " or religious school . A Pakistani journalist , Tahir Ali , wrote last year of a meeting with Qari Hussain , who claimed to have been active in militant groups since boyhood . Ali quoted him as saying : "  I was very young when I joined Lashkar i Jhangvi and actively took part in anti-Shia activities ; I also remained for a short time with Ilyas Kashmiri group ... later on I focused on jihad in Waziristan . " Both Lashkar and the Ilyas Kashmiri group are militant anti-Shia groups involved in terrorism in Pakistan and Indian Kashmir . Ilyas Kashmiri has repeatedly threatened to export terror attacks to Europe . According to Ali , he also claimed to be just 22 years of age . Others who have met him say that Qari Hussein appears to be in his early 40s . In January 2008 , the Pakistani army launched "  Operation Zalzala " against a Mehsud stronghold in South Waziristan . While many Taliban fighters were killed and his house was destroyed , Qari Hussain escaped . But Pakistani forces uncovered a "  school " that he is said to have run for child suicide bombers , along with videos of classes . Pakistani Maj. Gen. Tariq Khan described the school as "  like a factory " which had been turning 9 - to 12-year old boys into suicide bombers . The U.S. State Department 's designation of Qari Hussain Hussain says he "  has gained particular notoriety for his heavy recruitment of children . " Undaunted , Qari Hussain shifted his operations to North Waziristan and later released a 40-minute video in which teenagers and young men declared their intent to become suicide bombers . By this time , he was the commander of Fidayeen-e-Islam , a group within the Pakistani Taliban that specialized in suicide bombings . These were aimed at the Pakistani state and military , and included attacks on federal and police offices in Lahore . But they were also aimed at Pakistan 's Shia minority . A Shia procession in Lahore in September 2010 was attacked by a Taliban suicide bomber , who killed 33 people . The number of suicide attacks rose dramatically between 2007 and 2010 , and most were blamed on or claimed by the Pakistani Taliban . It was in May 2010 that the Pakistan Taliban was linked to its first attempted attack in the U.S. Faisal Shahzad attempted to leave a car bomb in New York 's Times Square . It failed to go off , but an audio tape released hours later purported to feature the voice of Qari Hussein in claiming that "  the recent attack " was in response to American "  interference and terrorism in Muslim countries , especially in Pakistan . " It 's not known whether Qari Hussain met or trained Shahzad , but it seems likely that he was involved in the suicide bombing of the CIA base in Khost , Afghanistan , at the end of 2009 . Before the attack , the suicide bomber recorded a video with Hakimullah Mehsud , and as the Pakistani Taliban 's expert trainer of suicide bombers , Qari Hussain likely helped him prepare for the mission . In its designation , the U.S. State Department says "  Hussain is believed to have trained the Jordanian militant Humam Muhammad Abu Mulal al-Balawi " who carried out the Khost attack , killing seven U.S. citizens . The Pakistani government has declared a reward of 50 million rupees  $ 600,000  for his capture , but Qari Hussain has evaded both capture and the much-expanded U.S. drone campaign . The U.S. action against Qari Hussain blocks all property "  subject to U.S. jurisdiction in which Hussain has an interest " and prohibits all transactions by U.S. persons with Hussain . Given his record so far , it is unlikely to have much impact on his role within the Pakistani Taliban .	Qari Hussain Mehsud 's notoriety includes allegedly training children as suicide bombers A tape released after the Times Square bomb attempt purportedly featured his voice The Pakistani government is offering a $ 600,000 reward for his capture
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Coca-Cola , the world 's largest soft drinks group , has bought a minority stake in Innocent , the British fruit drink and "  smoothie " maker that boasts of its ethical stance . Coca-Cola faces allegations about labor abuses as well as health and environmental concerns . Innocent said on its Web site the U.S. firm had paid # 30 million  $ 44 million  for a stake of "  between 10 and 20 percent " to fund plans to expand in Europe . Innocent employs 275 people , has a turnover of more than # 100 million and sells about two million smoothies each week . Its three founders , who set up the company 10 years by selling smoothies at a London music festival , insisted its ethical stance would not be compromised and they would continue to run and manage the business . Are ethics and business compatible ? Tell us what you think "  Every promise that Innocent has made -- about making only natural healthy products , pioneering the use of better , socially and environmentally aware ingredients , packaging and production techniques , donating money to charity and having a point of view on the world -- will remain , " co-founder Richard Reed said . "  We 'll just get to do them even more . " Coca-Cola "  has been in business for over 120 years , so there will be things we can learn from them . And in some small ways we may be able to influence their thinking too . " James Quincey , group business unit president for Coca-Cola Europe , said : "  We are delighted to have the opportunity to invest in Innocent 's future . We have long admired their brand , their products and their unique approach to business . " But the investment is sure to open up Innocent to charges that its ideals are being diluted . Coca-Cola has been criticized over negative health effects resulting from consumption of its products . It has also faced allegations about labor abuses in Colombia and environmental concerns in India , among other places . Sales of Coke are holding up well amid the global economic crisis thanks to strong growth in China and India . In February the company reported a 4 percent rise in sales volumes in the last three months of 2008 and a 10 percent increase in comparable earnings .	Coca-Cola buys a minority stake in Innocent , the British fruit drink maker Innocent said Coke paid # 30 million for stake of between 10 and 20 percent Company insists its ethical stance will not be compromised Coca-Cola faces allegations about labor abuses and environmental concerns
CNN  -- A Delta Air Lines flight reporting an engine problem made an emergency landing Thursday at the Colorado Springs , Colorado , airport , officials said . Two passengers suffered minor injuries during the evacuation , said John McGinley , assistant director of operations and maintenance at the airport . Flight 1921 , a Boeing 757 , was flying from Detroit to Phoenix when the captain saw a light indicating possible problems with one of the engines , Delta spokesman Anthony Black said . The pilot diverted the flight , and during the landing , the captain received another indicator light showing overheating to the rear wheel , Black said . FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown said there was a fire in the main landing gear when the plane landed . Passengers were evacuated on slides from the side of the aircraft . CNN affiliate KRDO said the injuries occurred during the evacuation . CNN 's Sally Holland contributed to this report .	Delta flight makes emergency landing in Colorado The pilot had reported a possible engine problem A fire is reported in the main landing gear when the plane touches down
Editor 's note : On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . The Cleveland Clinic is consistently among the country 's best in quality ratings , and its costs are among the lowest . CLEVELAND , Ohio  CNN  -- As he walks the halls of the Cleveland Clinic , Dr. Steven Nissen makes the next generation of health care in America sound quite simple . "  Everything that we do is done with the patient at the center of the picture , not the doctor at the center , " Nissen says as he takes a visitor on a tour of the clinic 's world-renowned cardiac center . The clinic is consistently among the country 's best in quality ratings , and its costs are among the lowest -- which is why President Obama often cites the Cleveland Clinic as an example of how health care in America should be , and why Nissen and other leading doctors here are frequently consulted by lawmakers and administration officials pushing major reforms this year . Nissen says the clinic 's organizational structure -- and its pay structure -- are what make it different . Go inside the Cleveland Clinic on State of the Union with John King , 9 a.m. ET , Sunday . The traditional model is for the nonsurgeons and surgeons to be organized in separate groups -- imagine a Department of Medicine and a Department of Surgery . The cardiologist works in the former , the cardiac surgeon in the latter . Add in a financial model where doctors are paid on a "  fee-for-service " basis . "  Everyone wants to do their procedure , " is how Nissen explains the most frequent result . "  One of the things we say in medicine is , to a man with a hammer , everything looks like a nail . "  And so if you are a cardiologist you want to do your procedures , if you are a surgeon you want to do your procedures and frankly people sometimes end up getting multiple procedures when a single collaborative procedure would have actually solved the problem . One of the ways you facilitate collaboration is you take the issue of personal income out of the equation . " At the Cleveland Clinic , Nissen and other doctors are paid a fixed salary . "  I get the same check at the end of the month whether I do a thousand procedures or one , " he said . "  And so I 'm not incentivized to do more than what is necessary to help the patient . We all get the same check , whether we do an operation or an angioplasty . So we have taken that issue of income out of the equation . " As a result , Nissen says cardiologists and surgeons share notes and ideas -- and work together to give the patient the best care -- and to emphasize choices that help prevent major procedures and surgeries . The clinic staff tries to set an example : Yoga classes on the roof ; exercise facilities ; healthier choices in both the staff and public cafeteria ; walking routes in the halls and on the grounds ; a policy that forbids hiring smokers . So far , CEO Dr. Toby Cosgrove says the staff has lost a combined 75,000 pounds -- an emphasis on wellness that he says will without a doubt lower the hospital 's own health care costs . "  Seventy percent of the cost in health care is from chronic disease , " Cosgrove told us in an interview at his Cleveland Clinic office . "  And chronic diseases come from really three big things -- from obesity , from lack of exercise and from smoking . And it also results in 40 percent of the premature deaths in the United States . So we have to do something as a nation to begin to deal with all those . " Cosgrove , like Nissen , is an enthusiastic proponent of major national health care reforms that bring coverage to the estimated 45 to 50 million Americans who lack health insurance and that put an emphasis on primary and preventive care . "  We believe that the government ought to incentivize quality , " Nissen said . "  If you can do a better job and you can prove you are doing a better job , then you ought to be paid better . And if you are not doing a good job , then you ought to be paid less . " Cosgrove , however , does sound some cautionary notes as the key committees in Congress set about the difficult business of writing legislation . Paying for reforms is a dicey political proposition , and mindful of campaign promises not to add to the tax burden on middle class families , Obama has insisted that a major chunk of the money needed to pay for reforms can be found in "  cost savings " in the Medicare and Medicaid programs . Cosgrove said there is without a doubt ample waste in those programs . But he warns any savings need to be arrived at carefully . "  If you begin to take money away , my concern is that you begin to drive quality down , " he said . "  The first thing that you will begin to see happening is a deferment in investment in infrastructure . A classic example of this is what happened to the national health system in England . I mean they did n't invest in their infrastructure for 50 years . And now a lot of hospitals in England are 100 years old and way behind . " Again , Cosgrove is emphatic that there are substantial cost savings in federal health programs that can be achieved over time . But he says a rush to squeeze savings from federal programs could cause a shock to a fragile delivery system . "  The concern right now is 50 percent of the hospitals in the United States are running in the red , " he said . "  So if you begin to look at reducing the amount of money coming into hospitals to look after patients , I think you are beginning to look at a failure of a group of hospitals . " Cleveland Clinic is among the trailblazers in electronic record keeping and interaction with patients . Many leave the clinic with home devices to test heart rate , blood sugar levels and blood pressure that automatically use wireless transmission to send the results to a home computer and then on to the clinic . Doctors say the impact on the quality of care is nothing short of astounding -- a dangerous reading results in an urgent alert e-mail to the doctor and his staff , and that time is precious in altering approaches to , say , keep blood pressure under control and avoid escalation to a more serious -- and more expensive -- medical episode . Doctors say patients who know their physicians are getting frequent updates on their vital signs often are more likely to stick to their diet or take their medications properly . Obama 's stimulus legislation included funding for an expansion of electronic record keeping , and he has held up the practice as a revolutionary way to improve quality and cut costs . In another cautionary note , Cosgrove , however , said over time he believes widespread electronic record keeping -- and sharing -- will lead to fewer duplicative tests and other cost savings , but that the jury is still out on that question . "  What we 've seen is our quality 's gone up -- substantially , " Cosgrove said . "  What we have n't seen is our costs come down . It 's like the difference between an abacus and a cash register . Clearly the cash register is better , gives you a better record . But it is n't cheaper . "	President Obama often cites clinic as example of how health care should be Ohio hospital pays surgeons fixed salary instead of by procedure Doctor says that leads to focus on choices that help prevent major procedures
CNN  A black man who was physically stopped from getting on the Paris metro by soccer fans says they should be "  locked up " and that he intends to make a complaint . Filmed on a mobile phone by a bystander waiting on the platform of Richelieu-Drouot station , the incident took place before a Champions League tie between English club Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain on Tuesday . The group , who appear to be Chelsea supporters , can be heard chanting : "  We 're racist , we 're racist and that 's the way we like it . " The French newspaper Le Parisien has tracked down the metro passenger at the center of the incident , identifying him only as Souleymane S , a father-of-three who was born in Paris . "  What happened should not go unpunished , " he told Le Parisien . "  These people , these English supporters , should be found , punished and should be locked up . "  Having talked about it now gives me the courage to go to the police with a complaint . In any case , I intend to go to anti racism associations . " On his way home from his work as a chief operating officer in business near the metro station , Souleymane S says he was not surprised to find himself a victim of an apparent racist incident . "  They said things to me in English but I did n't really understand the meaning of what they said , " he explained to Le Parisien . "  I do n't speak a word of English . "  I understood that Chelsea supporters were involved and I made the link with the PSG match . "  I also understood that they were attacking me because of the color of my skin . "  You know , I live with racism , I was n't really surprised by what happened to me , even if it was the first time in the metro . "  I stayed for a long time in front of them . One person came to say that I had been brave to resist people like that . "  No  metro  user took up my defense but , in any case , what could one do ? " While the metro moved out of the Richelieu-Drouot station with the Chelsea fans on board , Souleymane S waited to catch the next train and went home . The 33-year-old said he did not tell anyone about what happened , even though he realized he had lost his phone during the scramble with the soccer supporters . He did not know the altercation had been filmed by British expatriate Paul Nolan , who broke the story by sending the video to British newspaper The Guardian , which then posted it on its website . "  I returned home without telling anyone about what had happened , not my wife nor my children , " said Souleymane S told le Parisien . "  What would I say to my children ? That papa was shoved in the metro because he was black ? That 's useless . " Souleymane S may have been unaware of the ramifications of the incident but it has acted as a catalyst to more soul searching about soccer 's seeming inability to root out racism in the global game . Chelsea has vowed to support any criminal action brought against its fans involved in the Paris altercation . "  Such behavior is abhorrent and has no place in football or society , " the English Premier League club said in a statement released Wednesday . "  We will support any criminal action against those involved in such behavior , and should evidence point to the involvement of Chelsea season ticket holders or members the club will take the strongest possible action against them including banning orders . " Both French and British police have said they will analyze the footage . UEFA , the body which governs European football , said it was appalled by the footage , but as it occurred outside of the stadium it could not take any punitive action . Sepp Blatter , the president of football 's global governing body FIFA , also took to Twitter to register his disapproval . "  I also condemn the actions of a small group of Chelsea fans in Paris , " tweeted Blatter . "  There is no place for racism in football ! " Queens Park Rangers boss Chris Ramsey -- the only black manager in the English Premier League -- was asked to comment on the incident in Paris during his media conference , Thursday . "  I do n't believe they are Chelsea fans or fans of football , " said Ramsey . "  I believe they are acting in a manner which we all think is a thing of the past . "  Those views are intrinsic in everyday life . I 've been saying for a long time these are social issues which manifest themselves in the football world . "  It would be good to see what the authorities are going to do to either weed these people out , what sanctions they 're going to enforce , to try to make this an avoidable situation in the future . " This is not the first racism allegation to be leveled against London club Chelsea in recent times . In 2012 , team captain John Terry was banned for four matches and fined $ 356,000 for racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand . Terry was , however , found not guilty of any criminal wrongdoing at Westminster Magistrates ' Court in July of the same year . Former Manchester United and England defender Rio Ferdinand , the brother of Anton Ferdinand , questioned whether football has the power to eradicate racism . "  The racist scene on the metro with the Chelsea fans - disgraceful behavior obviously . But can football change this ? Does it have the power ? " he wrote on Twitter , Thursday . "  Football has come a long way since the 70 's & 80 's but are we all guilty of becoming a bit complacent ? "  Football has done a lot over the years to combat racism . . but society has to do more to make change or is there too much hatred in society ? " Opinion : Not all soccer fans are racist hooligans	A black man abused on Paris metro by Chelsea ` fans ' wants his attackers to be punished The man identified as Souleymane S. intends to make a police complaint He was speaking in interview with Le Parisien newspaper
Ralph Baer , the inventor of the first home video game console , has died . He was 92 . His family confirmed the death , at his home in Manchester , New Hampshire , to the New York Times . Baer was an engineer with a defense contractor in 1966 when he began toying with the concept of playing games on a television . The German native , whose Jewish family moved to the United States before World War II , patented several video game prototypes . The "  Brown Box " would go on to become the Magnavox Odyssey , the first commercially available home gaming system . The Odyssey was released in 1972 and ran a tennis game that predated , but was similar to Atari 's Pong . According to the Times , Baer was waiting for a friend at a bus terminal in New York City when an idea gripped him and he began scribbling on a note pad . The idea was a "  game box " that would let people to play board , action , sports and other games on most television sets . A boss at his job gave him $ 2,500 and two staffers to pursue the idea . Baer and his employer , Sanders Associates , would file for the first video-game patent in 1971 . While his console launched what would become a multi-billion-dollar industry , his single most popular product was actually "  Simon , " the memory game that was released in 1978 . Simon , with four colored buttons with corresponding audio tones , became an instant best-seller . Versions of it are sold to this day . By the time of his death , Baer had more than 150 patents . He was awarded the National Medal of Technology in 2006 , the same year he donated all of his prototypes and related documents to the Smithsonian Institute . Baer is survived by two sons and a daughter and four grandchildren . His wife , Dena , died in 2006 .	Ralph Baer invented the first gaming console in 1966 . The Magnavox Odyssey hit the market in 1972 . He also invented popular party game "  Simon "
CNN  -- The evening before they set off on their voyage across the Pacific on Saturday March 20 , skipper Jo Royle and David de Rothschild spoke to CNN about their last minute preparations . CNN : How are feeling just hours before sailing ? Jo Royle : I 'm feeling great . I do n't feel nervous at all . I 've just left the boat and it 's lying a little low in the water as it 's loaded up with all the supplies ; sustainably-sourced food that we 've actually canned ourselves , plus there 's loads of camera equipment . All in all , I 'm feeling really positive about the voyage and confident in the boat . If anything happens you could not blame the preparation ; the energy and passion from everyone has been amazing . David de Rothschild : I think my feelings are best summed up for me by Mark Twain when he wrote : "  Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you did n't do than by the ones you did do . So throw off the bow lines . Sail away from the safe harbor . Catch the trade winds in your sails . Explore . Dream . Discover . " CNN : What 's been the hardest part of your last minute preparations ? Jo Royle : One of the hardest parts is leaving a lot of the team behind . We 've spent so much time together sometimes spending 24-hour shifts building the boat , so we 've become a really tight knit family . It 's also sad to leave San Francisco . It 's been such an amazing city to be in to build the boat and launch the project -- it 's attracted so many intelligent , positive and creative people to our project CNN : Jo , you 're an experience sailor , how does this expedition feel compared to others ? Jo Royle : It does feel a bit different to other journeys in a way . I 'm very aware that we have a novice crew , but I 'm very positive that everyone has their own role to play . So we 'll be off tomorrow morning , slipping our mooring at 9am . The winds will be westerly , which is n't ideal as we really want to be able to sail out under the Golden Gate Bridge . My mum came to see me off and was looking at what I 'd packed and and said it was all thermals and warm clothes . We should make our first port in around 30 days . But she said to me , "  What if you end up in San Diego ? " Obviously that 's not the plan , but if so you could be seeing me in a bikini and longjohns ! Right I 'm off to pack up my flat now and see if I can get in one last glass of red wine .	The night before they set off Plastiki skipper Jo Royle spoke to CNN Royle says she 's feeling really positive about the voyage Hardest part of leaving is leaving behind many who helped build the boat
The idea of "  wearable robots " may seem like something out of a movie , but this technology is already being used in real life . Started as a project for the military , the exoskeleton has transformed from a device designed to allow soldiers to lift heavy loads and walk further to one that enables people with disabilities to step out of wheelchairs and stand upright . The "  Ekso " is a bionic exoskeleton developed by Ekso Bionics that gives paraplegics upright mobility . While the commercial version of the Ekso has recently been made available to hospitals and rehabilitation centers , the company hopes to make the technology more accessible so that people can use it at home and in their everyday lives , with a personal version releasing in 2014 . CEO Eythor Bender sat down with CNN to talk about Ekso , the bionic exoskeleton he helped develop . CNN : How many years have you been working on exoskeletons ? Bender : We have been working on exoskeletons for the last 10 years . It started as a project with the military and it was funded by DARPA , the same people who funded the Internet and GPS systems . So it was groundbreaking technology , and in the year 2005 we had a breakthrough in terms of making sure that the weight of the exoskeleton transfers all the way down to the ground . So the user who is wearing it -- it usually weighs up to 50 pounds -- does n't feel the weight at all . And that 's so important because obviously you are trying to make their lives easier , not more difficult . CNN : What powers the exoskeleton ? Bender : What we are using here is electric motors , and there are four of them , which is actually quite unique especially when you compare it to  technology used by  amputees . Prosthetics so far have usually had one moving component , and in this case you have in one system four moving components . You have four motors -- two sitting at the hips and two at the knees -- and that 's what you hear . and it 's driven by a battery pack sitting on the back . In the middle , between the two batteries , is a computer and so that is pretty much it . It 's an outer frame that pretty much mimics the bone structure . There are 15 sensors in it that almost re-create your nerve system . And then there is the computer , which is really the brain of the whole thing . CNN : What is your long-term hope or vision for this product in terms of helping people on the medical side ? Bender : Our hope is simply to help people in wheelchairs to live a fuller life . They already live a pretty full life . They can do pretty much anything except they ca n't walk , and that is such a basic need if you think about it . We all learn to walk even before we learn to talk , and suddenly in the prime of your life you are deprived of that basic need . We are determined to provide at least a tool that people can have , whether it is about walking for part of the day or it is in the recovery phase or rehabilitation or simply in daily living where people want to go about and do things during the day just like an amputee would use a prosthetic leg during the whole day . CNN : Will the Ekso exoskeleton eventually be available in homes for people to use whenever they want ? Bender : Yes . We see it as a companion during the whole day . It 's not going to happen overnight for us to get there . We have been on this journey , working with the best rehab centers around the world improving the Ekso and making it better . But at the same time , through working with users in rehab centers , it is helping us take the first step into homes so that we can develop a product -- and it 's probably going to be products -- that help people not only to gain their health back or get back on their feet , but simply to become a mobility tool similar to the wheelchair . The wheelchair by the way has been around for 1,500 years and it is pretty much the single mobility tool for people that can do pretty much anything else .	The Ekso is a wearable robot consisting of a motorized frame and computer Bionic device gives paraplegics upright mobility and enhances strength in others The Ekso is available in rehab centers and hospitals ; a personal version is planned
CNN  -- Will Congress reform the CIA ? The question seems urgent now that the Senate Intelligence Committee has released a damning report about the use of interrogation methods by the Central Intelligence Agency in the years that followed the tragic attacks on 9/11 . The committee reported that the CIA had used extensive forms of "  enhanced interrogation , " misleading the White House and Congress about what was going on . Waterboarding , mock executions , rectal feeding , sleep deprivation and threats of rape were all part of the program . Not only did the tactics appear to violate acceptable and maybe legal standards of interrogation , but , according to the committee , they were not effective in obtaining necessary information . Now the question that faces Congress is : Will there be reforms to make sure that this does not happen again ? There have been a variety of proposals put onto the table , ranging from the appointment of an independent prosecutor to look into the role of high-level Bush administration officials to strict prohibitions on the kinds of facilities that the CIA can maintain to compensation for victims of enhanced interrogation . Former President Bill Clinton said that the nation needs to "  keep pushing " on this . Gergen : CIA chief Brennan , more credible than torture report ? Reform is not impossible . There have been periods of true change . In the 1970s , the shocking findings of Sen. Frank Church 's committee on intelligence activities , such as the fact that the CIA had been involved in assassination attempts and spied on U.S. citizens , produced reform . Congress passed the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which put constraints on federal agents . In contrast , though , the chances for that kind of action today are extraordinarily slim . Despite then editorials and op-eds calling for something to be done , it is difficult to expect any real changes resulting from this report . Why is this case ? Why does something so shocking have so little effect ? Why are we unlikely to see a repeat of the 1970s when the revelation of rogue unaccountable intelligence agents doing bad things created political pressure for genuine changes ? The most important factor is that when it comes to national security , fear usually triumphs over almost everything else . The mid-1970s , in the aftermath of Vietnam and Watergate , were exceptions . As the historians Fred Logevall and Craig Campbell captured in their excellent book "  America 's Cold War , " electoral politics usually moves voters toward favoring militaristic solutions . Politicians in both parties manipulate the anxieties of voters rather than their hopes . This time is no different . Policymakers have been doing this since the 2002 midterm elections when some Republicans blasted Democrats as weak on defense for opposing President George W. Bush 's homeland security proposals . Popular culture has also been extremely kind to torture . Americans have been bombarded with a barrage of movies and television shows where agents are seen extracting vital information through devious means . Cheney had no regrets : ' I would do it again in a minute ' In the television show "  24 , " Jack Bauer used whatever means necessary to save the world from terrorists . In the movie "  Zero Dark Thirty , " torture is shown as allowing U.S. agents to find and kill Osama bin Laden . Sen. Dianne Feinstein had criticized the film for shaping public opinion "  in a disturbing and misleading manner . " There have not been as many shows , such as "  Scandal , " that depict the dark side of intelligence agents  in their case , the supersecret agency B-613  . We also have a public that in the post-9 / 11 era that has grown so cynical about what the government does and what it is capable of doing , that nothing seems to shock any more . With each new revelation comes another round of complaint and lament , but the public rarely makes this a central issue when comes time to vote . The outrage that followed the Church Committee seems quaint . According to a Associated Press/OCR poll , Americans have become much more accepting of torture . Fifty percent of Americans polled in August 2013 said that torture was sometimes justified . Nor can we expect anything of the scale and scope of CIA reform from a Congress that can barely pass a budget . There has already been an intense partisan divide in the response to the report , with some in the GOP warning that this will bring great danger to the party . Even many Democrats are not that eager to take this on . Then there is President Barack Obama , who despite entering the White House on a campaign in 2008 that challenged President Bush 's policies , has not done that much to transform them . To be sure , he did announce early in his presidency that he would not accept the use of torture and issued a statement last week saying that the tactics described in the current report did not reflect the nation 's values . The torture ban was a hugely important change , but many skeptics still wonder whether that will be tough enough to prevent this from happening again . As Steve Mufson recounted in The Washington Post , Obama rejected creating a "  truth commission " to investigate the CIA 's use of torture or the pursuit of any criminal prosecutions . In other areas , such as NSA surveillance and drone strikes , he has strengthened Bush-era policies . There are many controversial techniques that are still permissible , such as force feeding prisoners on hunger strikes and lengthy , intense periods of solitary confinement . So it 's probably best not to expect much from Washington . This is not the 1970s , and the chances for substantive reform are not good . It is a safe bet that the CIA will probably continue to engage in versions of these tactics for many years to come .	Julian Zelizer : Last week 's report on CIA activities revealed abuses that ca n't be repeated He says the odds are slim that Congress will move decisively to reform the CIA In the 1970s , disclosure of abuses did result in sweeping changes , he said Zelizer : Today 's Congress is ill-suited to take on task as difficult as CIA reform
CNN Student News  -- March 11 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Washington , D.C. • Wisconsin • Boston , Massachusetts Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . NATISHA LANCE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Fridays are always awesome here on CNN Student News . And we thank you for spending part of your Friday with us . Hi , everyone . I 'm Natisha Lance , sitting in today for Carl Azuz . First Up : Congressional Hearings LANCE : First up , we 're talking about hearings on Capitol Hill that caused controversy even before they started . The House Homeland Security Committee is holding these hearings to look into the radicalization of American Muslims . Basically , the idea that a group like al Qaeda could recruit U.S. Muslims and turn them into terrorists . Some critics called the hearings an unfair attack on loyal Americans . But Representative Peter King , who 's the chairman of the committee , says that the goal is not to condemn Islam as a religion or American Muslims as a group . But he says the hearings are designed to limit the threat of terrorism . And he also believes they 're important to America 's safety . REP. PETER KING ,  R  NEW YORK : Let me make it clear today , that I remain convinced that these hearings must go forward and they will . To back down would be a craven surrender to political correctness and an abdication of what I believe to be the main responsibility of this committee : to protect America from a terrorist attack . LANCE : One of the people who testified during yesterday 's hearings was Representative Keith Ellison , the first Muslim elected to the U.S. Congress . He acknowledged that some Muslims are responsible for violent actions . But he said you ca n't blame an entire community for the evil of some individuals . He got especially emotional talking about a Muslim paramedic and police cadet who died trying to help others during the 9/11 terrorist attacks . REP. KEITH ELLISON ,  D  MINNESOTA : Mohammed Salman Hamdani was a fellow American who gave his life for other Americans . His life should not be identified as just as a member of an ethnic group or just a member of a religion , but as an American who gave everything for his fellow Americans . Bullying Prevention LANCE : Bullying has been a big topic in the news recently . And yesterday , President Obama and first lady Michelle Obama hosted the first ever White House Conference on Bullying Prevention . Parents and students got together to talk about the effects of bullying and how to stop it in school and online . Ed Henry , our senior White House correspondent , has more on that event . BEGIN VIDEO ED HENRY , CNN SENIOR WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT : President Obama using this first-ever White House anti-bullying summit as a forum to try to bring attention to this very , very difficult issue and say , look , for too long there have been students all around the country who have just accepted it , that they were going to get picked on , that they were going to be bullied , be the subject of assaults and violence and that it was sort of a rite of passage for kids . The president says that given all these tragic incidents where some kids have committed suicide over bullying , he says it 's time for all of this to end , for schools to have higher standards . And he and the first lady have used various social media tools like Facebook to bring that message directly to students , to report some of these bullying incidents , for example . The president used his forum at the White House to say that even he as a kid was bullied . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : As adults , we all remember what it was like to see kids picked on in the hallways or in the schoolyard . And I have to say , with big ears and the name that I have , I was n't immune . I did n't emerge unscathed . But because it 's something that happens a lot , and it 's something that 's always been around , sometimes we 've turned a blind eye to the problem . We 've said , "  Kids will be kids . " And so , sometimes we overlook the real damage that bullying can do , especially when young people face harassment day after day , week after week . HENRY : So the bottom line is , the key moving forward is going to be , will there actually be some action to back up some of the talk at this summit . Ed Henry , CNN , the White House . END VIDEO Wisconsin Showdown LANCE : The showdown in Wisconsin may be over . The anger is not . This started with Republican Governor Scott Walker 's budget proposal that would limit negotiating rights for workers ' unions . Fourteen Democratic state Senators fled the state so that there would n't be enough people there to pass the bill . On Wednesday , Republicans took out all the parts of the bill that had to do with the budget . Voting on non-budget bills requires less people , so the reduced negotiating rights passed . Protesters at the capitol yesterday started pounding on the windows . That forced police to put the building in lockdown ! They closed the capitol and forcibly removed anyone inside who would n't leave . One entrance was re-opened later in the day . Shoutout THOMAS ANDRES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's first Shoutout goes out to Mr. Govern 's social studies classes at Riceville Community High School in Riceville , Iowa ! What is the smallest type of bird ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it the : A  Finch , B  Sparrow , C  Egret or D  Hummingbird ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Hummingbirds are the smallest ; even the largest variety is only about 8 inches long . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! "  Hummingbird " Drones LANCE : Imagine if the military had a vehicle that was as small as a hummingbird . Definitely would n't be able to fit a pilot in there . But that 's actually the point . We 're talking about drones , aircraft that someone flies by remote control . The U.S. military has used drones for years . Chris Lawrence is going to show us one right now that could bring big changes to the battlefield . BEGIN VIDEO CHRIS LAWRENCE , CNN PENTAGON CORRESPONDENT : Imagine a drone as small as a hummingbird ; same shape , same sound . Wait , do n't imagine . It 's here in this California lab . MATT KEENNON , AEROVIRONMENT PROJECT MANAGER : It looks more or less like an indigenous small bird , and it can fly through small clearings and through trees and seeing inside . LAWRENCE : AeroVironment 's Matt Keennon says this is how the bird sees us from above . Right now , the hummingbird can only fly a little bit longer than 10 minutes . But at that size , imagine what it could do in 10 hours . The Defense Department has spent $ 4 million with that dream in mind : American troops armed with an unmanned vehicle that blends into the other birds or insects in a given country . KEENNON : The operator hovers the aircraft around until it finds an opening . LAWRENCE : Perhaps even buzz into a room , drop a payload and leave . But most unmanned vehicles , the hummingbird included , still depend on man to control their cameras or movements . LT. GEN. DAVID DEPTULA , U.S. AIR FORCE  RETIRED  : But that 's a vulnerability . That can be interrupted . That can be hacked . LAWRENCE : Retired General David Deptula says future enemies will cut the operator 's connection unless drones become more autonomous . He says sure , drones have worked in Iraq and Afghanistan , because there 's very few missiles to shoot them down . DEPTULA : But if you fly these same vehicles where there is an air defense , those MQ-1 Predators and MQ-9 Reapers would be falling from the sky like rain . LAWRENCE : Compared to other drones , the hummingbird has a six-inch wing span and weighs less than a AA battery . But the designer needs to add intelligence to its small size . KEENNON : It could be much more useful if the aircraft could keep itself safe . LAWRENCE : If so , the military has designs beyond battle . It envisions the bird helping to find victims , weaving through crevices created by an earthquake . END VIDEO Shoutout Extra Credit TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for a Shoutout Extra Credit ! Under which president did the start of Daylight Saving Time in the U.S. move from April to March ? You know what to do ! Was it : A  George W. Bush , B  Bill Clinton , C  Ronald Reagan or D  Jimmy Carter ? Rewind the clock to three seconds -- and GO ! The shift happened in 2007 under President George W. Bush . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout Extra Credit ! Wakeup Calls LANCE : That Daylight Saving shift comes this weekend . You might be losing an hour of sleep . But if you think that gives you an excuse to be late to school on Monday , school officials in Boston , Massachusetts are ready to give you a wake-up call ! Some of the city 's students who are late to class on a regular basis will hear the phone ring at 6:15 a.m. Might be your principal , might be a celebrity . But the message is simple : get up and get to school ! The district says the goal is to keep students from falling too far behind . Some parents are okay with the wake-up calls . But others say the schools are overstepping their bounds . Blog Promo LANCE : So , whose responsibility is it ? That 's what we 're asking on our blog . When it comes to making sure you 're on time for school , is it on you , your parents , your teachers and principals ? Share your opinions on our blog at CNNStudentNews.com ! Before We Go LANCE : And finally , if leg of lamb sounds good to you , you 're gon na love today 's Before We Go segment . 'Cause we have 20 ! Five baby lambs , born on a farm in Canada . The owner says it 's pretty rare . Sheep usually give birth to single lambs , maybe twins or even triplets . In fact , these little guys ' mom has had triplets twice before . But quintuplets do n't come along too often . We were hoping to get a reaction from the mama sheep , but she did n't seem too talkative . Goodbye LANCE : I guess she was just being sheepish . Hopefully , this is n't a hoax , because we 'd hate for someone to pull the wool over our eyes . Ewe had to know that one was coming . Remember to set your clocks ahead this weekend . For CNN Student News , I 'm Natisha Lance .	Hear how some congressional hearings caused controversy before they started Find out how President Obama addressed bullying at a White House conference Consider the potential applications for a drone the size of a hummingbird Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Natalie Grant apologizes for crying , but she ca n't help it . She is describing meeting a woman from India who is a counselor in a village where some women have been saved from human traffickers . The counselor knew all too well what these women went through . When she was 12 her parents took her to Mumbai for her birthday . Her brother traveled with them . When they got off the train , the woman told Grant , she was separated from her family . She began to cry endlessly . A man came up and said he would help . He did n't . He had purchased her from her parents , whom she said thought that she would be getting a job and sending money back to their village . Instead she was thrown in the trunk of a car , and that night she began her horrific journey into sex slavery . Years later , after being rescued and going through a "  restoration " program , she met Grant , a popular Christian music singer who grew up near Seattle , Washington , never giving thought to sex trafficking . There was one word they both understood . "  She just kept looking at me and she kept saying , ` Jesus ' over and over , " Grant said . "  In my American , comfortable life I 've never experienced anything like that before . It wrecked me for life . " It was also a force in Grant , a four-time female vocalist of the year at the Dove Awards , starting a charity , The Home Foundation , to provide assistance for the battered and abused women rescued from trafficking . Her mission started in 2004 , when Grant was shocked as she watched a episode of "  Law & Order " on human trafficking . She knew the show was based in fact and it bothered her so much she turned on the computer and spent hours that night searching the Web for information about trafficking . "  I found the Trafficking in Persons report for that year , and I just started reading it , and I thought , why do n't I know this already , " she said . "  I watch the news all the time , why do n't I know more about this ? " Within months , Grant had arranged a trip to India with her husband , music producer Bernie Herms , where their guide showed them the seedier side of life . Many of the street girls -- some as young as 5 -- were going to be sold and raped repeatedly that night , she said the guide told her . "  I 'd be hard pressed to find a human being who would see that -- outside of the men who are the buyers -- that would n't be appalled by that , " she said . "  That does n't mean everyone is going to come back and say I have to change it . But I believe enough in the human heart that it would at least wreck you , at least mess you up a little bit . " In her research , Grant found some stunning statistics . There are more sex slaves now than at any point in history , she said . More than 80 percent of them are women and girls . In the United States , there are more than 100,000 people who had been trafficked and less than 50 beds in shelters for those rescued , she said . Grant knows that as a touring Christian music singer and someone who does a lot of media interviews , she has a unique platform from which she can drive a faith-based movement to fight trafficking . Faith-based because she feels the church is best suited at "  restoring the broken . " So she started the Home Foundation in 2005 to raise money and partner with other charities to help out . For the first four years , it sent a lot of its money to causes overseas . Grant , who figured she 'd just get up at her concerts and ask the audience for money , said it 's become a lot more than that . Now , the goal is to build shelters , starting with 10 major U.S. cities . Grant also proudly talked about the new Christian Trafficking Shelter Association , which she likened to a Better Business Bureau of shelters . The foundation also has a growing internship program , she said . Jeff Barrows , the director of the association , said by e-mail there are four centers that house young victims of sex trafficking , with one more building being renovated . He thinks the United States is doing a good job in arresting and convicting sex traffickers , but there is still more the government can do . "  I personally believe that the U.S. is doing very well in prosecution , but could make some major strides in protection and prevention , especially when it comes to domestic minor sex trafficking victims , " he said in the e-mail . Barrows said his group will make sure shelters follow "  established standards of care " and said Grant has been instrumental in helping "  She has shown leadership by realizing the need to develop best practices in this field so that efforts to help these victims are not haphazard or at worst , cause further harm to them , " he said in the e-mail . Grant appeals for more than just money these days . "  We can all do something , " she said . Write your congressmen to tell them to do more for the victims of sex trafficking , Grant said . She also would like people to boycott the website Craigslist until it stops selling adult ads or ask the religious leaders at their houses of worship to see what they are doing with their missions . Most churches are very receptive to her sharing information during her concerts , she said , but not all . "  There was one church that said , "  We know you do that whole trafficking thing , but we just do n't want you to do that tonight . We just want you to do a real family-friendly concert , " she said , palpable annoyance in her voice . "  I 'm thinking , you 're missing the whole purpose of what God wanted church to be , " she said . A portion of the proceeds from Grant 's new album , "  Love Revolution , " will go to the Home Foundation . The CD is a reminder to Christians that a spiritual life is more than attending church each week . The album is a call to action to let your life be your message , to let your lifestyle and the way that you live be the message of Christ 's love . "  It 's a return to being church rather than doing church , " she said . Grant is somewhat collected now , but she has another tale of a girl who was forced into slavery . She recounts meeting the girl at one of her concert meet-and-greets last year . The girl was much like the others who attend her shows : young , good kid , active in her church . One day , she met a cute boy at a smoothie place . He invited her to a party and told her he 'd have her back by 10 . She got in the car with him "  Three weeks later the police found her . For sale , on Craigslist , " she said . "  It 's not like she was a runaway . She was just a 16 year old from a Christian school who just went to Jamba Juice . And she was trafficked . "	Christian music singer Natalie Grant has won female vocalist of the year four times After watching a fictional TV drama on human trafficking , she decided to investigate the issue She visited India and decided to start the Home Foundation charity The non-profit wants to build homes so former sex slaves in U.S. can have a place of healing
GAALKACYO , Somalia  CNN  -- The U.S. government is delaying "  tens of millions " of dollars in crucial humanitarian aid over concerns that the money is being diverted to a notorious militant group , a senior U.N. official said . Al-Shabaab militants ride through Mogadishu , Somalia , after a religious gathering in September . The U.S. government , concerned about the challenges in delivering assistance in a country wracked by civil war , says allegations that Al-Shabaab is stopping aid from reaching the people are under review . Although one U.S. government source said aid continues to flow to Somalia and has n't been suspended , another said aid might not reach "  some parts of the country " because of Al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda-linked terror group that is trying to overthrow the government . Located in the Horn of Africa , Somalia has long been a lawless , war-ravaged nation . The United Nations says that nearly half the population is dependent on humanitarian assistance , and one in five children are acutely malnourished . Somalia has suffered through five consecutive seasons of drought , and the ongoing conflict has caused more than a million people to be displaced . Kiki Gbeho , head of office for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in Somalia , said the United States is reviewing whether its aid helps fund Al-Shabaab . The U.N. office , in a report issued in September , said the U.S. delay in reaching a decision on humanitarian funding "  is already impacting on many agencies and their programmes . " The United Nations estimates that 60 percent of the people it needs to reach with emergency assistance live in areas controlled by Al-Shabaab . "  According to humanitarian principles , we have to serve people and need to deal with those in charge , " Gbeho said . Peter Smerdon , chief spokesman for the World Food Program , the agency responsible for delivering aid to Somalia , would not comment on the U.S. funding controversy but said investigations into whether Al-Shabaab is assisted by U.N. aid assistance are "  ongoing . " Food supplies could run out for millions of Somalis in the next few weeks , according to the United Nations . The U.S. government is traditionally the biggest donor for food assistance . The issue of breakdowns in humanitarian aid in Somalia has long concerned the United States . A senior administration official and an administration official spoke about the issue on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly . The senior U.S. administration official said that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Transitional Federal Government President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed discussed in August how the "  delivery of services " to the Somali people be broadened . Clinton said publicly in Nairobi that the United States continues to provide "  humanitarian assistance to the Somali people where delivery is feasible and effective . " The administration official said that the aid has never stopped , adding that food bound for the World Food Program in Somalia is on a vessel and should arrive in a few weeks . The senior administration official said , "  We are working with groups there to ensure that we can deliver assistance without having to pay off Al-Shabaab in the process . It does mean that aid may get to certain parts of the country but not others . "	Washington reviewing claims that money is being diverted to militant group U.N. estimates 60 percent of people who need aid live in militant-controlled areas Millions could run out of food in the next few weeks , U.N. says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- John McCain has learned his lesson : Do n't ever cancel on David Letterman . Appearing on CBS ' "  Late Show with David Letterman " Thursday , the Republican presidential candidate apologized for skipping out on a scheduled visit in September that Letterman later made the subject of an ongoing joke . "  I screwed up , " McCain told Letterman more than once in the interview that aired Thursday night . McCain 's appearance on the show comes three weeks after he raised the ire of the generally mild-mannered host by canceling at the last minute , citing his decision to suspend his presidential campaign because of the financial crisis . "  This does n't smell right , " Letterman said . "  This is not the way a tested hero behaves . Somebody 's putting something in his Metamucil . " Letterman also did n't appear to buy the Arizona senator 's explanation for the cancellation . At the time , he showed the audience a live feed of McCain preparing for an interview with CBS anchor Katie Couric . After praising McCain 's record as a prisoner of war in Vietnam , he said , "  This is not the John McCain I know , by God . " Letterman has repeatedly harped on McCain for the missed appearance , noting the Arizona senator 's poll numbers appeared to begin to slide right after he skipped out on the show . "  Look at all the conversation I gave you . Including having Mr. Olbermann on , " McCain told Letterman Thursday night , referencing the MSNBC liberal talk show host who filled in for him that night . However , Thursday 's interview was not all fun and games , as Letterman pressed McCain on Republican VP Sarah Palin 's preparedness to lead the country through "  the next 9/11 attack . . " "  Absolutely , " she is , McCain said . "  She has inspired Americans . That 's the thing we need . " McCain said her experience as a mayor , governor and PTA member have prepared her to be president . "  In all due respect , one of the people I admired most was an obscure governor of a southern state called Arkansas and he turned out to be a fairly successful president , " McCain said . "  I mean , Ronald Reagan was a cowboy , no experience in international affairs . So , look , I think she has shown leadership . " When Letterman asked McCain about Palin 's charge that Barack Obama "  palled around with terrorists , " the senator said "  he did . " McCain said that while Obama might have been just a child when William Ayers founded the Weathermen , a Vietnam War era group blamed for several domestic bombings . Ayers recently said he regretted not doing more attacks . "  Mr. Ayers , on 2001 , September 11 , 2001 said , ' I wish I had bombed more , ' " said McCain . McCain 's reference was to a New York Times story published on September 11 , 2001 , when Ayers wrote "  I do n't regret setting bombs ... I feel we did n't do enough . " Later , after the issue was raised in an April primary debate by Sen. Hillary Clinton , Ayers posted his 2001 reply to the Times story on his blog , saying , "  I said I had a thousand regrets , but no regrets for opposing the war with every ounce of my strength . "	"  I screwed up , " John McCain tells David Letterman for canceling scheduled visit Letterman used McCain 's no-show as subject of ongoing joke McCain also discussed Sarah Palin , Obama 's ties to 1960s ' radical William Ayers
CNN  -- A 12-year-old suicide bomber killed three other people , including a district council head , and armed attackers shot to death two police officers Sunday , the first day of a Taliban spring offensive . The attacks followed a Taliban declaration Saturday that its spring military operations will focus on attacks against military bases , airbases , convoys , heads of foreign and local companies , and members of the local government . In Shaken district of Paktika province , the 12-year-old boy detonated explosives in his vest to kill district council head Shernawaz Khan and two others , said Mukhlis Afghan , a spokesman for the Paktika provincial governor . The blast also wounded 12 people , Afghan said , adding : "  The suicide attacker 's aim was to target the district council chief . " In a separate attack , armed men opened fire on police in southern Ghazni province , killing two police officers , provincial police security commander Abdul Hassan said . According to Hassan , two armed Taliban insurgents on a motorbike opened fire on police officers and then fled the area . In its declaration Saturday , the Taliban warned that it also would target members of the High Peace Council , who are influential citizens trying to generate dialogue with the militants . "  All Afghan people should bear in mind to keep away from gatherings , convoys and centers of the enemy so that they will not become harmed during attacks of the Mujahedeen against the enemy , " the statement said . The Taliban said that "  strict attention " must be paid to protecting civilians . "  Utilizing all proven military tactics , the operations will focus on usage of advanced weapons against the air and ground forces of the invaders , tip-and-run attacks , and group offensives , city attacks , advanced explosives attacks , effective group and martyrdom seeking attacks by warrior Mujahedeen , " the statement said . However , the deployment of a young suicide bomber Sunday appeared to contradict a Taliban statement that the insurgents intended to avoid using civilian attackers . "  I would like to announce that  the  Islamic Movement is committed to pay extra attention for not arming civilians during their operations on the enemy 's targets across the country , " Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mojahed said in an e-mail to CNN . The Taliban regime in Afghanistan had been sheltering the al Qaeda terror network when it launched attacks against the United States on September 11 , 2001 . The United States cranked up military operations the next month that led to the toppling of that government . Ever since , international forces have been fighting Islamic militants in Afghanistan and Pakistan and attempting to support and build the successor Afghan government . The Taliban announcement comes a day after a NATO official said the alliance anticipates insurgents to begin an extensive round of attacks against U.S. and coalition forces "  in the coming days . " The officer with NATO 's International Security Assistance Force noted that the alliance has seen similar surges at this time in recent years . The coalition feels that the increased attacks on insurgents have had an impact , and new attacks by insurgents signal their effort to recoup their losses , the officer said . In a statement Saturday addressing the expected escalation in fighting , the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan urged all parties to avoid harming civilians . Staffan de Mistura , head of the mission , called on the Taliban "  to carry out their previously stated decision to avoid civilian casualties . " "  Parties to the conflict must not deliberately attack , target or kill civilians , or indiscriminately harm them , " said de Mistura , who was quoted in the statement . "  We call on all parties to take all possible measures to protect civilians , especially in the forthcoming months when we expect , unfortunately , intensified conflict . " In the 90 days ending April 22 , coalition special forces conducted 1,393 operations , capturing or killing 468 insurgent commanders , and capturing or killing 2,637 lower-level insurgents . This all comes as the Pentagon released its latest report to Congress on the progress in Afghanistan . The military says gains made in Afghanistan over the last half year has created the "  necessary conditions " to begin transferring control of security to the Afghanistan government in seven areas of the country inhabited by approximately 20 % to 25 % of the population . The latest semi-annual report concludes that insurgent momentum has been halted in much of the country , though the gains are "  fragile and reversible . " However , the report notes that efforts to fortify government and development was "  slower than security gains " over the last six months . The total number of security incidents were higher from October 2010 through March 2011 compared with the same period of the winter of 2009-10 , the report said . The report says this is mainly due to increased coalition and Afghan troop presence , which allowed for a higher pace of operations against insurgents ' safe havens . CNN 's Adam Levine , Barbara Starr , Fazel Reshad , Matiullah Mati and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	A 12-year-old boy detonates a suicide bomb , killing three people Two police officers are shot to death The Taliban said Saturday that it would not arm civilians in the offensive
CNN  -- A magnitude 7.3 earthquake struck southwest Colombia Sunday afternoon , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage , CNN affiliate Caracol Television reported . The quake was centered 10 km  6 miles  west-northwest of Isnos , Colombia , and 334 km  214 mi  northeast of Quito , Ecuador , the USGS said on its website . It was felt in Bogota -- the nation 's capital and largest city -- Caracol reported . It occurred at a depth of 162.1 km  100.7 miles  , the USGS said . "  Deep earthquakes in this region ... are not uncommon ; there have been 13 similar events deeper than 100 km over the past 40 years , within 500 km " of Sunday 's earthquake , the USGS said .	NEW : The quake was felt in Bogota , CNN affiliate Caracol reports No immediate reports of injuries or damage , Caracol says The quake struck at a depth of 101 miles  162 km Deep quakes in this region "  are not uncommon , " USGS says
Video showing Casey Anthony rocking and hunched over upon hearing remains had been found in the search for her 2-year-old daughter was released Friday , after a Florida judge overturned a decision to seal the footage because it was considered inflammatory . The security video -- which has no audio and was taken in a "  waiting area of the medical facility " at a county jail -- was taken in December 2008 after remains were discovered in woods near her grandparent 's Orlando home . By that point , the girl had n't been seen in public for six months and investigators had spent five months looking for her . Just over a week later , on December 19 , 2008 , authorities determined the remains were those of young Caylee . In the footage , Casey Anthony is seen rocking back and forth in a chair . After a few minutes , law enforcement officers talk to Anthony and take her to another room . Orange County Superior Court Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. issued his ruling on Friday afternoon , two days after a hearing in response to Orlando TV station WKMG 's July motion to unseal the footage . In his decision , Perry recalled how then Judge Stan Strickland had sealed the video in May 2009 , saying that while he was "  loathe to shield any public record " he believed that it was inflammatory . Anthony 's defense team , in a motion filed in 2009 , cited testimony from two Orange County Sheriff 's Office employees stating they felt it was "  cruel " that the then-suspect was "  distressed " in the waiting room for 30 to 45 minutes on the day news broke that the remains were found . The television was on in the room , broadcasting news about the discovery , according to court testimony . At the time , Anthony was awaiting trial on murder charges and others related to the death of her young daughter . A jury acquitted her on that and other charges in July , though she was convicted on four lesser charges related to misleading authorities in the case . "  The reason for sealing  the video  -- Ms. Anthony 's right to a fair trial -- is no longer applicable because the trial has been completed and she has been acquitted of all charges other than lying to law enforcement officers , " wrote Perry , before ordering the state attorney 's office to release the video . During Wednesday 's hearing , defense attorney Jose Baez argued that the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act prevented the tape from being released in public because Casey received medical attention while she was in the waiting room . The news station argued that regulations pertain to medical data and not treatment , and insisted that the tape is part of the public record . In his ruling , Perry found that "  the jail video does not constitute a medical record or other form of health care data relating to the evaluation or treatment of Ms. Anthony 's physical or mental health condition . " The judge also added that "  there is no reasonable expectation of privacy in jail . " The ruling is the latest setback for Anthony and her defense team . Last week , Perry ordered her to pay $ 217,000 to authorities for costs related to investigating Caylee 's disappearance . Officials had argued that if it were not for the 25-year-old Orlando woman 's lies , investigators would not have had to spend the time and money to find her daughter 's body . Anthony 's attorneys have claimed that Caylee died accidentally when she drowned in the family 's ' pool .	NEW : Anthony was in jail room where TV carried news remains had been found In the video , Anthony is sitting in the waiting room of a jail medical facility Judge Perry says there 's no privacy in jail and HIPAA regulations do n't apply Another judge had sealed the video in 2009 , calling its content inflammatory
New York  CNN  -- Barneys ' internal review of accusations of racial bias toward customers absolves employees of racial profiling and places the blame on the police . The review states that "  Barneys employees did not request , require , nor initiate the actions of the New York Police Department " in stopping and detaining the two African-American customers who were wrongly accused of credit card fraud . The report by the retailer reviewed two incidents earlier this year -- one involving Kayla Phillips , 21 , who was stopped after making a purchase at Barneys , and Trayon Christian , 19 , who was detained for questioning after a purchase . Both shoppers claimed they were targeted by Barney 's employees and NYPD officers because of their race . The report also claims to have found no Barneys policy , written or unwritten , directing employees of the Loss Prevention department to engage in racial profiling and points out the department has a formal policy against racial profiling . Barneys is not the only major retailer facing accusations of racial profiling . Jenny Mendez , a former New York Police Department officer who lost her job after a shoplifting , has filed lawsuit seeking $ 40 million in damages from Macy 's . Mendez was tried and found not guilty of shoplifting . At the trial , a Macy 's detective admitted to lying on internal paperwork , saying Mendez admitted guilt when she had not , according to court transcripts . Mendez and her attorney claim she was stopped because she is Hispanic . Mendez and her mother were shopping at a Macy 's store in New York City on November 23 , 2012 , when she was detained . Her lawsuit , filed on November 13 , 2013 , is independent of the class-action lawsuit against Macy 's and the NYPD filed by "  Treme " actor Rob Brown , said Mendez 's attorney , Philip Karasyk . Brown 's suit claims he was racially profiled while shopping at a Macy 's store in June . NY attorney general investigating racial profiling claims In the Barneys case , Michael Yaki , who serves on the U.S. Commission of Civil Rights , conducted the review of the high-end retailer 's actions and policies after public allegations of racial profiling , according to the retailer . Michael Bartholomew Palillo , an attorney representing Christian in a civil suit against the department store , disputed the findings and said the report is self-serving . "  I can see how they 're trying to do damage control , " he said , "  but it 's not like police officers are just hanging out in stores waiting for people to commit crimes . They 're in stores because people call them . " The NYPD did not return requests for comment Wednesday . Opinion : Jay Z can fight racial profiling in retail	Two Barneys shoppers say they were racially profiled when accused of credit card fraud Barneys internal review : "  Employees did not request ... nor initiate " NYPD actions Upscale retailer has a formal anti-racial-profiling policy , the report notes Attorney for one customer dismisses report as "  damage control "
CNN  -- Following the preliminary hearing of a Georgia father accused of allowing his child to die in a hot car , most legal experts agree that the prosecution will likely upgrade the charges to malice murder after the case is presented to a grand jury . For now , until those charges are upgraded , Justin Ross Harris is charged with felony murder , perhaps the most widely criticized legal construct in American jurisprudence . To many legal scholars , the felony murder rule is logically and morally indefensible . To many members of the law-and-order public , the ends of the felony murder rule justify the means . And in Georgia it is liberally employed . It offers an end run around the very difficult standard of proof to find a killing was intentional . First , let 's define murder . Most Americans have a working definition of murder , formed not only by what they 've gleaned about the law , but also their personal morality . Murder is generally understood to be an intentional killing , without justification . There are subcategories of intentional murder : For example , killing by poison , torture , or ambush are considered worse ; these show intent and take a more prolonged period . In addition to intentional killings , those resulting from incredibly reckless behavior qualify for murder , too . It makes sense : If someone shoots a gun into a crowd of people , someone is highly likely to die -- even though the defendant could truthfully say he did n't actually aim for the victim . It 's important to remember that this kind of murder is not defined simply by the stupidity of the actions -- the defendant must have been aware of the risk , and have acted with a depraved indifference to human life . These are two main kinds of murder . One is intentional , and the other involves behavior so indifferent to human life and so close to intentional that it might as well have been . Those definitions make sense . But then there 's felony murder . Call it what you will , but the "  felony murder rule " is murder in name only . In fact , it 's a first-degree murder charge for an admittedly unintentional killing . More specifically , it 's a killing that happens during the commission of an inherently dangerous felony . With this definition , the policy behind the felony murder rule becomes immediately apparent : deterrence . The rule sends a powerful message to would-be felons : burglary , arson , rape , robbery , and kidnapping are so dangerous that a defendant should know that an innocent person is likely to die . If you intend to rob a bank , then you know a bank teller might die . Therefore , you , too , should be charged with murder , along with that robbery -- even if you were driving the getaway car and not the one who pulled the trigger . To felony murder supporters , it does n't matter that a defendant is charged with murder , even a defendant they know did n't actually kill anyone and who did n't want anyone to die . To them , the ends of the felony murder rule justify the means : If you do n't want to catch a murder case , do n't rob banks . It 's the cases like Justin Ross Harris that really test the morality of the rule , while exposing some logical problems with its application . Georgia has a very broad felony murder statute : The only limitation on the type of underlying felony for a felony murder conviction is that the crime must be "  inherently dangerous to human life . " Also in Georgia , a conviction for felony murder may be predicated on second degree child cruelty , which qualifies as that "  inherently dangerous felony . " That 's what has happened so far in this case . The prosecution has charged Harris with second degree child cruelty , and used that charge as the predicate felony for the murder charge . There 's just one problem : The second degree cruelty charge is a negligence crime . That means Harris is charged with murder using a felony charge that is an unintentional crime . In other words , Georgia reserves the charge of murder for the most intentional , depraved conduct , but if you do something unintentional but negligent , that can be a qualifying felony . So , charging Harris with felony murder predicated on child neglect was a brilliant strategic move by the prosecutors . Proving a specific intent to kill in this case will be more difficult than proving mere carelessness in parenting . And if both are murder , then there 's no reason to charge the more difficult crime to prove . Key role of digital evidence Of course , at the preliminary hearing , you 'd never know that the charge was negligence , because we heard ample evidence of malicious intent . The defense attorney made a reasoned argument that the prosecution 's state-of-mind evidence was thinly disguised , improper character evidence , but the judge sided with the prosecution and allowed this damning evidence in against Harris . The sexting , the life insurance policy , the Internet searches , had nothing to do with Harris ' alleged negligence -- remember , right now , negligence is the only basis of the felony murder charge . It 's as if the prosecution put on a hearing for a specific intent crime , malice murder , that has n't been charged yet . That 's why the preliminary hearing was just a harbinger of things to come . Why put on evidence of so much malice if it was n't really germane to a charge of neglect ? Because we 'll probably see upgraded charges in the near future , once this case goes to a grand jury . It 's very likely that the felony murder charges will only be a short chapter in the prosecution of Justin Ross Harris . However , they present an opportunity to open a debate traditionally reserved for legal scholars and philosophers : Is felony murder an unfair legal fiction that overly punishes people for unintentional killings ? Or , is the overall message to would-be felons worth ignoring the logical inconsistencies of the felony murder rule ? In law , as in many things , legal minds can differ on whether the ends justify the means .	Danny Cevallos : Justin Ross Harris charged with felony murder , a controversial charge Usually murder is intentional or behavior so dangerous it might have been intended Cevallos : But felony murder is when someone is killed during a felony , which child abuse is Cevallos : Legal experts think the real charge will be malice murder , or murder with intent
CNN  -- Embattled Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh met Sunday with top military and security officials Sunday to talk about "  hostilities and crimes " occurring in his country , the Yemeni State News Agency reported . The meeting came amid new reports of clashes between security forces and anti-government protesters in Taiz , where witnesses said tens of thousands of demonstrators had taken to the streets Sunday . Dozens of people were wounded as security forces opened fire on the demonstrators in an effort to disperse them , witnesses told CNN Sunday . Hundreds of protesters responded by throwing rocks at the security forces , which drew more gunfire from the troops , witnesses said . A medical official in Taiz estimated that at least five people were killed and 90 people had been wounded in Sunday 's violence . Government troops battled suspected Islamic militants for control of a coastal city in Yemen , witnesses said , two days after many soldiers and police abandoned the city . Hundreds of soldiers had moved back into the city by Sunday and were fighting the militants in Zinjibar . At least 35 people were hospitalized , according to a medical official who asked not to be named for security reasons . The militants "  suddenly arrived and in large numbers . There were no clashes when they arrived on Friday night . We tried to complain to security forces but could not find them , " said a resident of the city of Zinjibar , east of Aden , who also asked not to be named for security reasons . By Saturday , "  hundreds " of masked militants controlled the main streets of the city , locals said . About 200 militants began "  attacking ferociously and took everybody by surprise " Saturday morning , according to a Yemeni government official who asked not to be named , since he was not authorized to speak to journalists . Chaos followed as government security forces , including police and soldiers , abandoned their posts , the government source said . Heavy fighting raged Sunday between the Yemeni Army 's 25th Mechanized Brigade and the militants , the source said . More than two dozen soldiers have been killed since the start of the battle Saturday , the source said . Abyan province , where Zinjibar is located , is a hotbed of Islamic militancy in Yemen , a country that has become a key battleground against al Qaeda . Witnesses in the city described the forces in Zinjibar as "  Islamic militants " but did not specify that they were al Qaeda . Meanwhile , in the capital Sanaa , both the government and the al-Hashid tribe say they have not reached a cease-fire agreement after days of street battles . But a spokesman for the tribe says it is handing back key government buildings it has been occupying . "  Hashid tribes have given the government a number of buildings back after  President Ali Abdullah  Saleh promised not to use them to launch attacks on the tribes , " Abdulqawi al-Qaisi said . "  However , this does not mean that a cease-fire has been signed , " he said , saying it meant the tribe was "  cooperating for a cease-fire to succeed . " Government spokesman Tarq Shami said no deal had been made with the tribe , but that it would halt all military action against them for two days to allow mediators to broker a deal between the two sides . Neither side said which facilities were involved . The tribe has been occupying four government ministry buildings . Shami said the government could retake the buildings "  in no time , but  the government  does not want violence . " The powerful al-Hashid tribe rose up against long-time leader Saleh in the last week , after he backed out of a regionally brokered deal meant to ease him out of office and end months of demonstrations of the kind that have swept the Arab world this year . Saleh has been resisting protests calling on him to step down after 33 years in power . The recent fighting has raised fears of a full-blown civil war in Yemen , an impoverished , arid and mountainous nation that has been a key U.S. ally in the battle against the al Qaeda terrorist network .	NEW : At least 5 protesters are dead and 90 wounded in Taiz , a medical official says Hundreds of government troops battle militants in Zinjibar , witnesses tell CNN A rebel tribe says it will hand back government buildings it has been occupying in the capital Mediators try to work out a truce between tribal groups and the government
CHONGQING , China  CNN  -- At the Chongqing Children 's Palace , experts are hoping to revolutionize child-rearing with the help of science . About 30 children aged 3 to 12 years old and their parents are participating in a new program that uses DNA testing to identify genetic gifts and predict the future . For about $ 880 , Chinese parents can sign their kids up for the test and five days of camp . When Director Zhao Mingyou first heard about the technology earlier this year , he instantly knew it could be a success in China . "  Nowadays , competition in the world is about who has the most talent , " said Zhao . "  We can give Chinese children an effective , scientific plan at an early age . " The test is conducted by the Shanghai Biochip Corporation . Scientists claim a simple saliva swab collects as many as 10,000 cells that enable them to isolate eleven different genes . By taking a closer look at the genetic codes , they say they can extract information about a child 's IQ , emotional control , focus , memory , athletic ability and more . "  For basketball , we can test for height and other factors , " said Dr. Huang Xinhua , a leading scientist on the project . "  We also test listening ability so that can tell us if  the child  might be talented at music . " Would you be happy to test your child ? Have your say DNA testing has been used more widely to determine susceptibility to genetic disease . The test can identify mutations in the genetic code that lead to certain disorders , allow patients to assess risk levels and decide whether they want preventative treatment . For example , the test can identify cancer genes that may make a woman more likely to develop breast or ovarian cancer . Some women have decided to have a mastectomy based on DNA test results and family history . But according to Chinese scientists , this is the first time the test is being offered to children in China to help discover their natural talents . For about $ 880 , Chinese parents can sign their kids up for the test and five days of summer camp in Chongqing , where the children will be evaluated in various settings from sports to art . The scientific results , combined with observations by experts throughout the week , will be used to make recommendations to parents about what their child should pursue . See photos of the summer camp and testing " Dr. Huang said the testing can even help project careers down the road . Examining one child 's results , he told CNN : "  This child is very thoughtful and focused , so I suggest she go into management . " Clinical psychologist Dr. Rob Blinn said the DNA test can be accurate but only "  within a sort of limited field " and that results will not be "  dramatic . " "  You 're not going to be able to predict that someone 's going to be like the next Einstein . It 's more like this person may have an IQ that 's maybe 5 or 10 points greater than this other person because of the absence or presence of these particular genes , " he said . Still , parents are convinced it will help their child . It is no secret that China 's one-child policy often produces anxious and ambitious parents with high expectations for their only child . "  China is different from Western countries , " said Yang Yangqing , the lab 's technical director . "  There is only one child in our families so more and more parents focus on their children 's education and they want to give them the best education . " Along with parents , the Chinese government is also interested in giving talented children an early start on their careers . Children as young as two are regularly hand-picked by the government to represent China on the international stage . Future gymnasts , musicians , and basketball players are sent to rigorous training camps and specialized sports schools , and sometimes paid a government salary . There has been speculation China 's basketball hero , Yao Ming , was born of an arranged marriage between two well-known basketball players , in hopes of bearing an athletic superstar . Yao and his family have denied these reports . In an autobiography , Yao wrote that his parents actually discouraged him from playing the sport . "  My parents never wanted me to become a professional player , " Yao wrote . "  They wanted a better life for me . " Yao did start playing when he was nine years old . Three years later , he moved into Shanghai 's provincial sports academy where he lived and trained full time . "  My parents agreed only because playing basketball in a junior sports school can improve your chance of getting into college ; it counts as extra points on the college entrance exam . " Yao 's family reportedly received special stipends from the government to purchase extra food . His success story may well be on the minds of parents in Chongqing . "  It 's better to develop her talents earlier rather than later , " Chen Zhongyan said of her four-year-old daughter , who is attending the genetics camp . "  Now we can find when she is young , and raise her based on what her natural gifts are . " Her daughter , Lai Hongni , has already shown a strong aptitude for dancing , while four-year-old twin boys Luo Lianzhao and Dong Liangtong appear to be good at drawing . "  This way we can really understand our kids , " said the twins ' father , Mr. Dong , referring to the program . In the end , are these parents giving their kids a head start or taking a shortcut ? Critics of the program said such analysis has frightening implications . "  Kids , especially at younger ages , they need to have fun , they need to enjoy themselves , they need to find meaning in life , " Dr. Blinn said . "  They need to have rich deep emotional interchange with their families and parents . " "  Whether it 's really good for a two - or three-year-old to be sent off to a camp to be genetically tested , you know , and put in this track so early in life , I have some real doubts about whether that 's in the child 's best interest , " Blinn added . "  It seems to be more in the parents ' best interest . " But Chen Zhongyan said : "  We only have good intentions for  our daughter  . We think this will help her . " It is fair to say many of the kids in Chongqing looked like they were having fun , whether they were jumping on ping pong tables , drawing or playing interactive games . "  I want to be the president of China , " said three-year-old girl , Liu Xiao Liao . "  Then people will be scared of me . " It seems that some of children may have grand ambitions all of their own .	Chinese summer camps DNA tests kids for natural talents Tests carried out for IQ , emotional control , memory , athletic ability and more Believed to be first time DNA tests used to identify talents rather than disease China 's one-child policy has led to parents with high expectations
CNN  -- Finding a "  smoking gun " linking Iraq and al Qaeda became the main purpose of the abusive interrogation program the Bush administration authorized in 2002 , a former State Department official told CNN on Thursday . Dick Cheney 's office ordered use of "  alternative " techniques against CIA 's recommendations , aide says . The allegation was included in an online broadside aimed at former Vice President Dick Cheney by Lawrence Wilkerson , chief of staff for then-Secretary of State Colin Powell . In it , Wilkerson wrote that the interrogation program began in April and May of 2002 , and then-Vice President Cheney 's office kept close tabs on the questioning . "  Its principal priority for intelligence was not aimed at preempting another terrorist attack on the U.S. but discovering a smoking gun linking Iraq and al Qaeda , " Wilkerson wrote in The Washington Note , an online political journal . Wilkerson , a retired Army colonel , said his accusation is based on information from current and former officials . He said he has been "  relentlessly digging " since 2004 , when Powell asked him to look into the scandal surrounding the treatment of prisoners at Iraq 's Abu Ghraib prison . "  I could n't walk into a courtroom and prove this to anybody , but I 'm pretty sure it 's fairly accurate , " he told CNN . Most of Wilkerson 's online essay criticizes Cheney 's recent defense of the "  alternative " interrogation techniques the Bush administration authorized for use against suspected terrorists . Cheney has argued the interrogation program was legal and effective in preventing further attacks on Americans . Critics say the tactics amounted to the illegal torture of prisoners in U.S. custody and have called for investigations of those who authorized them . Representatives of the former vice president declined comment on Wilkerson 's allegations . But Wilkerson told CNN that by early 2002 , U.S. officials had decided that "  we had al Qaeda pretty much on the run . " "  The priority had turned to other purposes , and one of those purposes was to find substantial contacts between al Qaeda and Baghdad , " he said . The argument that Iraq could have provided weapons of mass destruction to terrorists such as al Qaeda was a key element of the Bush administration 's case for the March 2003 invasion . But after the invasion , Iraq was found to have dismantled its nuclear , chemical and biological weapons programs , and the independent commission that investigated the 2001 attacks found no evidence of a collaborative relationship between the two entities . Wilkerson wrote that in one case , the CIA told Cheney 's office that a prisoner under its interrogation program was now "  compliant , " meaning agents recommended the use of "  alternative " techniques should stop . At that point , "  The VP 's office ordered them to continue the enhanced methods , " Wilkerson wrote . "  The detainee had not revealed any al Qaeda-Baghdad contacts yet . This ceased only after Ibn al-Shaykh al-Libi , under waterboarding in Egypt , ` revealed ' such contacts . " Al-Libi 's claim that Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein 's government had trained al Qaeda operatives in producing chemical and biological weapons appeared in the October 2002 speech then-President Bush gave when pushing Congress to authorize military action against Iraq . It also was part of Powell 's February 2003 presentation to the United Nations on the case for war , a speech Powell has called a "  blot " on his record . Al-Libi later recanted the claim , saying it was made under torture by Egyptian intelligence agents , a claim Egypt denies . He died last week in a Libyan prison , reportedly a suicide , Human Rights Watch reported . Stacy Sullivan , a counterterrorism adviser for the U.S.-based group , called al-Libi 's allegation "  pivotal " to the Bush administration 's case for war , as it connected Baghdad to the terrorist organization behind the 2001 attacks on New York and Washington . And an Army psychiatrist assigned to support questioning of suspected terrorists at the Guantanamo Bay prison camp in Cuba told the service 's inspector-general that interrogators there were trying to connect al Qaeda and Iraq . "  This is my opinion , " Maj. Paul Burney told the inspector-general 's office . "  Even though they were giving information and some of it was useful , while we were there a large part of the time we were focused on trying to establish a link between aI Qaeda and Iraq and we were not being successful in establishing a link between aI Qaeda and Iraq . The more frustrated people got in not being able to establish this link ... there was more and more pressure to resort to measures that might produce more immediate results . " Burney 's account was included in a Senate Armed Services Committee report released in April . Other interrogators reported pressure to produce intelligence "  but did not recall pressure to identify links between Iraq and al Qaeda , " the Senate report states . Cheney criticized Powell during a television interview over the weekend , saying he no longer considers Powell a fellow Republican after his former colleague endorsed Democratic candidate Barack Obama in the 2008 presidential election . Wilkerson said he is not speaking for his former boss and does not know whether Powell shares his views .	Lawrence Wilkerson criticizes Dick Cheney for defending interrogation methods Interrogations aimed at finding "  smoking gun " linking Iraq and al Qaeda , he says By 2002 , U.S. officials decided "  we had al Qaeda pretty much on the run , " he says Representatives of former vice president decline comment on allegations
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- A member of the "  Cuban Five " spy group renounced his United States citizenship at the U.S. diplomatic mission in Havana on Monday , removing the final obstacle to his permanent return to the island . Rene Gonzalez , a Cuban intelligence officer , was a member of a network of agents in South Florida that the Cuban government said was gathering intelligence to prevent terrorist attacks against Cuba ; U.S. federal prosecutors called them a dangerous spy cell . The men were convicted in 2001 , and ever since they have been the focus of a campaign by Cuban officials to free them . Gonzalez was released from prison in October 2011 but was required to serve three years ' probation in the United States . But on Friday U.S. District Judge Joan Lenard ruled that Gonzalez , who had already been allowed to temporarily return to Cuba for his father 's funeral , could stay there if he renounced his U.S. citizenship . In her ruling she wrote that federal prosecutors had said Gonzalez would be less of security risk to the United States if he returned to Cuba . Previously prosecutors had argued that Gonzalez should not be allowed to return to Cuba . Gonzalez , who had dual Cuban and American citizenship , arrived Monday at the U.S. Interest Section in Havana to renounce his citizenship surrounded by his family and U.S. attorney . "  Rene went in and filled out all the paperwork necessary to renounce his citizenship , " said his attorney Phil Horowitz . "  He will be able to stay in Cuba after a couple more processes , and after the State Department issues a certificate of loss of nationality , he will be able to stay in Cuba forever . " Former federal employee charged in spy conspiracy Gonzalez is the first of the Cuban Five to return the island . The other four men continue to serve lengthy sentences in U.S. federal prisons . Their case strained already shaky United States-Cuba relations . The Cuban government said that their agents had simply kept tabs on violent Cuban-American exile groups . But federal prosecutors argued the men also had tried to infiltrate U.S. military installations and had provided information that led to the 1996 downing of two planes from the group Brothers to the Rescue , which searched for boats stranded in the Florida Straits . Four men flying from Florida to Cuba were shot down and killed by Cuban air force jets . In 2012 Cuban officials offered to negotiate the release of the Cuban Five for Alan Gross , the U.S. State Department contractor jailed in Cuba for transporting banned communications equipment to the island . But U.S. officials rebuffed those overtures , saying Gross had not spied in Cuba .	` Cuban Five ' renounces U.S. citizenship as condition of staying in Cuba U.S. judge issued renunciation option for Rene Gonzalez on Friday Convicted spy would be lesser U.S. security risk in Cuba , judge writes Four others still serving sentences in U.S. prisons
Aimee Copeland was spending her first night at home Wednesday since flesh-eating bacteria forced the amputation of her hands , leg and foot three months ago . Copeland 's first stop out of rehab was to Longhorn Steakhouse for lunch with her family , said her father , Andy . She then went to her parents ' house in Snellville , Georgia , and relaxed with her sister , Paige , watching Comedy Central while their parents went shopping . Wednesday night , she will settle into a specially outfitted wing of her parents ' home that was built just for her and donated by a local homebuilder . Father : Aimee Copeland using new prosthetics The 24-year-old University of West Georgia graduate student was out with friends May 1 at the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta , when the homemade zip line she was holding snapped . She fell and got a gash in her leg that required 22 staples to close . Three days later , still in pain , she went to an emergency room , and doctors eventually determined she had necrotizing fasciitis caused by the flesh-devouring bacteria Aeromonas hydrophila . Doctors had to carry out the amputations in order to save her life . Copeland spent two months in an Augusta , Georgia , hospital before moving to rehab July 2 . Andy Copeland said Wednesday his daughter "  loves " the 1,956-foot wing that was built for her . Pulte Homes , which constructed the addition , says the wing includes a living room , bedroom and bathroom along with a fitness room , sunroom , study room and three outdoor areas . Andy Copeland : ' I have become a better father because of Aimee ' The wing also includes access ramps , an elevator , guide rails in the bathroom and a separate wash sink Copeland can use to clean her new prosthetics . Copeland has been working hard on her rehabilitation , determined to live as independently as possible , her father says . The tough regimen requires 200 crunches in seven minutes , 400 leg lifts in seven minutes , and "  an untold number of push-ups and something else that she calls ` planks ' and ` sideplanks . ' " On his blog , Andy Copeland related his daughter 's reaction when he told her he was getting a van with a wheelchair lift . Aimee wanted no part of it , he wrote . She wants to drive herself around in a Prius . "  The simple fact is that between her ears , Aimee is 100 % , " he wrote . "  She knows that she can accomplish anything she wants and that lacking the hands or feet to accomplish such tasks is only a minor inconvenience . " Explained : Necrotizing fasciitis A number of bacteria that are common in the environment but rarely cause serious infections can lead to necrotizing fasciitis , or flesh-eating bacteria syndrome . When the bacteria get into the bloodstream , such as through a cut , doctors typically move aggressively to excise even healthy tissue near the infection site in hopes of ensuring none of the dangerous bacteria remain . The infection attacks and destroys healthy tissue and is fatal about 20 % of the time , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center , estimates that fewer than 250 such cases occur each year in the United States , though estimates are imprecise since doctors do not have to report the cases to health authorities . Family counters struggle with faith	Aimee Copeland contracted the bacteria in early May when her zip line broke She lost her hands , a leg and a foot She spent two months in the hospital and then moved to rehab She will live in a specially constructed wing of her parents ' home
New Delhi  CNN  -- India 's parliament on Saturday debated demands by a 74-year-old anti-corruption activist in what an opposition leader called a "  historic occasion " for lawmakers to come together in the fight against graft . The discussion came on the 12th day of campaigner Anna Hazare 's hunger strike calling for a powerful Lokpal , or citizen ombudsman , to deal with massive bribes and kickbacks . Talks with the government hit a roadblock over three of his demands , which include bringing members of India 's lower bureaucracy under the new watchdog . The federal government put the case before parliament . Sushma Swaraj , leader of the opposition in the lower chamber of the national assembly , said her group agreed with the three points . She called Saturday 's sitting a "  historic occasion , " saying tens of thousands of Hazare supporters expect effective mechanisms to tackle corruption in their daily lives . A similar debate was also under way in the upper chamber -- the house of elders -- in India 's parliament . It was , however , not immediately clear when legislation to establish a Lokpal would be passed . Saturday 's meeting of the Indian parliament aimed at eliciting opinion of the federal legislature , composed of ruling and opposition parties , over setting up a tough anti-corruption institution . Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee initiated the debate , describing it as an opportunity to show political will to handle corruption . "  I am sure that members of this house will seize this moment and demonstrate the commitment of the house in dealing with corruption which is gnawing at the vitals of our polity , " Mukherjee told parliament . Hazare 's fast -- a tactic adopted by India 's independence leader Mahatma Gandhi against the colonial rule -- has also drawn criticism . On Friday , lawmaker Rahul Gandhi , whose mother heads the governing Congress party , warned parliament not to allow the nation 's democracy to be undermined , in an apparent disapproval of the high-profile hunger strike . "  Individuals have brought our country great gains . They have galvanized people in the cause of freedom and development . However , we must not weaken the democratic process , " Gandhi , who is tipped by Indian media as a future prime minister , said in a speech . He thanked Hazare for articulating what he called larger public disillusionment with a system plagued by endemic corruption . But in his address , the 40-year-old general secretary of the Congress party cautioned against pressuring elected bodies . "  This  democratic  process is often lengthy and lumbering . But it is so in order to be inclusive and fair . It provides a representative and transparent platform where ideas are translated into laws , " Gandhi said . "  A process divorced from the machinery of an elected government , or this house , that seeks to undo the checks and balances created to protect the supremacy of parliament sets a dangerous precedent for a democracy , " he told lawmakers . Three of Gandhi 's ancestors -- Jawaharlal Nehru , Indira Gandhi and his father , Rajiv Gandhi , -- have served as the country 's prime minister in the past . Echoing current Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's views that any institution alone can not eradicate corruption , Gandhi described the proposed Lokpal as just one tool in the fight . "  Witnessing the events of the last few days , it would appear that the enactment of a single bill will usher in a corruption-free society . I have serious doubts about this belief , " Gandhi said . "  An effective Lokpal law is only one element in the legal framework to combat corruption . The Lokpal institution alone can not be a substitute for a comprehensive anti-corruption code . A set of effective laws is required . "	Lawmakers debate the demand on the 12th day of Anna Hazare 's fast Talks with the government hit a roadblock over three of his demands Opposition leader says her group agrees with Hazare 's outstanding demands Hazare 's hunger strike has also drawn criticism
Santiago , Chile  CNN  -- Three strong earthquakes rocked Chile on Thursday , causing significant damage in at least one city , the country 's newly inaugurated president said Thursday . A 6.9-magnitude earthquake hit at 11:39 a.m. local time  9:39 a.m. ET  , followed by a 6.7-magnitude quake 16 minutes later , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . A third , measured at magnitude 6.0 , came 27 minutes later . They were the strongest aftershocks to rattle Chile since a February 27 earthquake on the country 's west coast that toppled buildings and spawned a tsunami , killing several hundred people . Thursday 's quakes shook the ground near Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins near the coast just as Chile prepared to inaugurate a new president , Sebastian Pinera . The central Chilean city of Rancagua was affected , Pinera said . "  There is significant damage in Rancagua , " the new president said . "  We 're going to send the necessary armed forces to guarantee citizens ' safety . " Rancagua Mayor Eduardo Soto said that no fatalities were immediately reported and that the biggest worry was damage to homes , CNN Chile reported . After his inauguration Thursday , Pinera visited Rancagua , where he confirmed there were no initial reports of fatalities . He said that no curfew would be imposed for now and reiterated his call for calm . A priority is for the school year to start as scheduled next week , he said . He also said Thursday afternoon that he would declare the area a catastrophe zone . The country 's national emergency authorities also put in place a tsunami alert for the coastal area near where the earthquakes hit , and authorities ordered evacuations of some coastal areas . "  I do n't want to alarm anyone , -LSB- the alert -RSB- is solely precautionary , but we have to take precautions when there are human lives at risk , " Pinera said . The epicenter of Thursday 's first quake was about 95 miles  152 km  south-southwest of the capital , Santiago , and about 90 miles  145 km  away from Valparaiso , where Pinera was to be inaugurated . Television footage showed the inauguration proceeding without a hitch . A second earthquake -- with an initial magnitude of 6.9 -- struck moments later . It was about 89 miles  143 km  southwest of Santiago , the USGS said . The third was about 86 miles  138 km  southwest of Santiago . Rolando Santos , senior vice president and general manager of CNN Chile , said he and his colleagues felt one of the quakes . "  I can tell you within our newsroom in Santiago , which is state of the art in terms of seismic construction , it shook for more than 45 seconds , " he said . He said that he told staffers to get under desks and that three people burst into tears . In the last two days , people had kind of gotten used to aftershocks , but "  there was no question this one got everyone 's attention , " he said . Are you there ? Send pictures Pinera , a conservative billionaire businessman , became the Chilean president about 12:15 p.m. local time , roughly 20 minutes after the second quake . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said in a statement that "  a destructive Pacific-wide tsunami is not expected " as a result of the quakes , and that there is no tsunami threat to Hawaii . However , the center also said that "  earthquakes of this size sometimes generate local tsunamis that can be destructive along coasts located within " about 62 miles  100 km  of the epicenter . Hundreds of people were killed when the magnitude-8 .8 earthquake struck Chile 's west coast February 27 . That quake also triggered a tsunami that toppled buildings , especially in the coastal Maule region . How to help : Impact Your World Authorities this week released the names of 279 people whose bodies had been identified in the quake , but officials said the new tally does not include hundreds of unidentified victims . The February 27 earthquake was violent enough to move the Chilean city of Concepcion at least 10 feet to the west and Santiago about 11 inches to the west-southwest , researchers said .	NEW : President Sebastian Pinera says there 's no curfew for now and reiterates call for calm Pinera to send "  necessary armed forces , " declare area a catastrophe zone First quake hit at 11:39 a.m. local time ; second 16 minutes later ; third 27 minutes later First shook the ground near Chilean coast ; epicenter about 90 miles from Valparaiso
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- The Republicans have an authenticity problem . After many decades of enjoying huge political power , elected officials are struggling to energize voters about the party 's brand name . Even the troubles faced by President Barack Obama do n't seem to help . The recent interest in governors such as New Jersey 's Chris Christie or national politicians who are relatively new to Washington , such as Sen. Rand Paul or Sen. Marco Rubio , reflects a thirst in the electorate to find Republicans who will stand for something and mean what they say . According to The New York Times , the Koch brothers are pouring money into rebuilding the party around candidates who stand for their libertarian ideals . The challenge that Republicans face is captured in a new pilot airing on Amazon Instant Video , "  Alpha House , " written by Doonesbury creator Garry Trudeau and starring John Goodman . The comedy focuses on the life of a group of four GOP senators who room together on Capitol Hill in what the producers call a "  man cave . " The pilot shows Republicans in Washington who are essentially faking it , putting on theater for constituents despite what they really believe . The show begins with one of the senators , played by Bill Murray , oversleeping on the morning he was supposed to turn himself in to the Department of Justice for some kind of unspecified wrongdoing . One of the senators , a closeted homosexual , tries to bolster his heterosexual credentials by castigating gay marriage in front of a conservative group and trying to learn to shoot a gun for a possible photo op . Goodman plays a South Carolina senator who is grudgingly forced to campaign in his state even though he has little interest in dealing with voters . The parody , with an admittedly liberal slant , conveys the essential dilemma that the party faces : the growing skepticism about a number of arguments that the GOP continues to make about itself . The party of fiscal restraint : Republicans claim to be the party of fiscal responsibility , the people who will balance the budget and constrain the budget in contrast to the reckless Democrats . Yet the GOP now has a long history of running up the deficit . When Republicans are presidents , spending has continued to rise and deficits have gone up . The presidency of George W. Bush burst any illusion that Republicans would maintain a tight fiscal order . Bush inherited surpluses from President Bill Clinton but as a result of the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 , combined with military and domestic spending , he turned them into a deficit . Even with all the rhetoric coming out of Congress today about Republicans who desire to control spending , a close look at the plans of individuals such as Congressman Paul Ryan shows that deficits would remain alive and well if their policies went into effect . The party of outsiders : This has been a favorite trope for the GOP , with Republicans still acting as if they live in an era dominated by the Democrats . But nothing can be further from the truth . Republicans have enjoyed a strong run in the White House since Richard Nixon 's victory in 1968 and they have maintained control of Congress for much of the period since 1994 . During this time , Republicans have formed close connections with the K Street lobbying community and become accustomed to the benefits of pork barrel spending . Goodman 's character reflects an image that too many , on the right and left , have of Republican elected officials . Belying the notion that they are not part of life inside the Beltway , Republicans have also been implicated in many scandals involving the abuse of power , such as all the politicians who fell as a result of their connection to the lobbyist Jack Abramoff in 2006 , making it difficult for many Americans to hear Republicans blast away at the very Washington in which its members thrive . The party of morality : This remains a chestnut for many Republicans who want to appeal to notions of social and cultural conservatism . Although this position has come under fire as out of touch with where many Americans are on issues such as gender rights and gay rights , the party 's leaders are generally standing firm . Yet scandals in recent decades have rocked the image of the party . In South Carolina , former Gov. Mark Sanford 's congressional campaign has stumbled as voters were reminded of the affair that brought him down from power . The party of national security : This was one of the most important claims for the party since World War II . The Republicans had made significant political gains , arguing that they were better equipped to handle national security than the Democrats . They used this argument to devastate their opponents . But the memory of the war in Iraq under President George W. Bush continues to haunt the party . The recent opening of Bush 's presidential library brought up memories of the controversy , as does the current debate over whether to send arms to Syrian rebels following evidence that the government used weapons of mass destruction . The deployment of military resources based on faulty intelligence and the enormous failures of the post-reconstruction period in Iraq have put Republicans on the defensive . The party of opportunity : Republicans have always argued that their policies would offer the greatest opportunities to the largest number of Americans . Through trickle down economics and the expansion of markets , Republicans said , all Americans would gradually prosper . Yet many of the party 's economic policies have proved to benefit a small portion of the population , bolstering critics who claim that the GOP does not support the middle class . When 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney was secretly taped talking about 47 % of the nation consisting of people who did n't pay taxes , he perpetuated this image , which was damaging to his campaign . For many voters , the rhetoric of the GOP does not reflect the recent history of the party . Until Republicans put forth more compelling ideas and offering politicians who stand for something , they will have trouble regaining strength . Until they do , shows such as "  Alpha House " will continue to ring true . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	A pilot show , "  Alpha House , " depicts GOP senators in unflattering light Julian Zelizer says show makes Republicans out to be hypocrites He says the party is perceived to lack authenticity in pushing conservative values Zelizer : GOP has n't shown it is party of fiscal restraint , national security , morality
CNN  -- A worker at the federal courthouse in Birmingham , Alabama , shot himself in the head Thursday , the U.S. Marshals Service said . The man walked into the chief clerk 's office at the Hugo Black U.S. Federal Courthouse "  mumbling about a will . He then put a gun to his head and pulled the trigger , " CNN affiliate WBMA reported , citing a source inside the courthouse . The FBI confirmed the source 's report , WBMA said . The shooter was able to bring a gun inside the building because , as an employee , he used "  a different security entrance that has a different screening process , " said Jill Ellis , administrative officer for the U.S. Marshals Service northern district of Alabama . Described only as a "  middle-aged white male , " the shooter was taken to a local hospital after the incident . His condition was unknown , the marshals service said about 11 a.m. CT. . Birmingham police are leading the investigation into the shooting , according to the same federal agency . The incident posed "  no threat to the federal courthouse , " added the marshals service . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : The man could bring a gun inside because he was a court employee , an official says The employee shot himself in the head , the U.S. Marshals Service says The shooter -- described only as a "  middle aged white male " -- was taken to a hospital
LOS ANGELES  CNN  -- Oscar-nominated actor Bob Hoskins announced Wednesday he is retiring from acting following his diagnosis of Parkinson 's disease last year . The 69-year-old British actor , perhaps best known for playing the detective in the 1988 film "  Who Framed Roger Rabbit , " issued the statement through his wife , Linda . "  He wishes to thank all the great and brilliant people he has worked with over the years , and all of his fans who have supported him during a wonderful career , " it read . "  Bob is now looking forward to his retirement with his family , and would greatly appreciate that his privacy be respected at this time . " Hoskins first gained fame in the 1978 British TV miniseries "  Pennies from Heaven , " according to IMDb.com . His other notable films include 1986 's "  Mona Lisa , " which brought him an Academy Award best actor nomination , as well as "  The Long Good Friday , " "  Mermaids , " "  Hook " and "  Mrs. Henderson Presents . " He has appeared in at least one production every year since 1972 . He played the elf Muir in this year 's "  Snow White and the Huntsman . " Parkinson 's disease is the same neurological disorder that actor Michael J. Fox was diagnosed with in 1991 . CNN 's David Daniel contributed to this report .	Hoskins was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease last year He first gained fame with "  Pennies from Heaven " in 1978 He may be best known for his role in "  Who Framed Roger Rabbit " He was nominated for an Academy Award for 1986 's "  Mona Lisa "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Vice President Dick Cheney will serve as acting president briefly Saturday while President Bush is anesthetized for a routine colonoscopy , White House spokesman Tony Snow said Friday . Bush is scheduled to have the medical procedure , expected to take about 2 1/2 hours , at the presidential retreat at Camp David , Maryland , Snow said . Bush 's last colonoscopy was in June 2002 , and no abnormalities were found , Snow said . The president 's doctor had recommended a repeat procedure in about five years . The procedure will be supervised by Dr. Richard Tubb and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland , Snow said . A colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer , rectal cancer and polyps , small clumps of cells that can become cancerous , according to the Mayo Clinic . Small polyps may be removed during the procedure . Snow said that was the case when Bush had colonoscopies before becoming president . Snow himself is undergoing chemotherapy for cancer that began in his colon and spread to his liver . Snow told reporters he had a chemo session scheduled later Friday . Watch Snow talk about Bush 's procedure and his own colon cancer " "  The president wants to encourage everybody to use surveillance , " Snow said . The American Cancer Society recommends that people without high-risk factors or symptoms begin getting screened for signs of colorectal cancer at age 50 . E-mail to a friend	President Bush will have a routine colonoscopy Saturday While he 's anesthetized , his powers will be transferred to the vice president Bush had last colonoscopy in 2002 , which found no problems
CNN  One man 's trash is another puppet 's treasure . In a new video , Seattle rapper Macklemore moonlights as a malodorous version of himself , aptly named Mucklemore , on Sesame Street for a "  gross and awesome " rendition of his hit song "  Thrift Shop " with the show 's resident Grouches . Though the Sesame Street version parodies Dumpster diving as a fetid way to thrift of sorts , the lyrics like "  I 'm going shopping / Looking for some rubbish " are decidedly cleaner for the show 's preschool audience . Macklemore , alongside producer Ryan Lewis , won four Grammys in 2013 , including one for "  Thrift Shop " as best rap song . Rapper Macklemore is going to be a dad	Macklemore raps with Oscar the Grouch on Sesame Street The song about trash is a spoof on his Grammy-winning hit "  Thrift Shop "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Halle Berry went to court Tuesday as her young daughter 's nanny asked a judge for a restraining order against the 3-year-old 's father , saying she feared Gabriel Aubry 's "  dangerous and aggressive behavior . " Alliance Kambem , who has been Nahla 's nanny since June , accused Aubry of violently pushing her while she held Nahla in an incident last Wednesday , according to her sworn statement released by the court . A Los Angeles County judge rejected Kambem 's request , calling her grounds for a restraining order "  insufficient and speculative . " "  If there are concerns they should be resolved in family court , " the judge wrote on the denial sheet . "  You can proceed with any personal criminal charges against Mr. Aubry . " Kambem said she filed a police report and "  I believe there is a criminal investigation . " Aubry and his lawyer have not commented on the allegations . Berry 's visit to court Tuesday was brief and private . The public is usually not allowed in hearings involving disputes between parents involving children . Kambem 's statement , public because it was not part of the family court case , is a rare look at the tensions between Berry and Aubry . The couple 's split in April 2010 launched a bitter legal battle that ended a year later with shared custody of their child . The nanny 's duties are written into the custody order , she said , "  I believe that Mr. Aubry resents the court order requiring that he have a nanny , and that his resentment has developed into dangerous and aggressive behavior towards me , particularly when I am in the presence of Nahla , " Kambem said . "  I am truly fearful he will hurt me and in the process hurt Nahla as well . " Aubry has been "  verbally abusive and aggressive towards me , " she said . "  He would say things to me like , ` What are you doing here ? ' ` You are a spy , ' ` You report everything I say , ' ` You 're not even doing your job . ' ` Nahla does n't like you , she does n't want you here , ' an ' I do n't need a nanny , I do n't want you here , ' " her statement said . Her sworn declaration describes an incident last week when she went to Aubry 's apartment in Los Angeles to pick up Nahla . "  As I was opening the door with the key he opened the door from inside , " she said . "  Nahla was all dressed and ready to go . I again expressed my concern to Mr. Aubry regarding the lack of communication about Nahla . " That 's when Aubry began screaming at her , she said . "  While he was screaming at me Nahla reached up her arms to me for me to pick her up , which I did . Nahla put her head on my shoulder . Mr. Aubrey violently pushed me , while I had Nahla in my arms , against both my shoulders with both of his hands , " she said . She noted that Aubry is 11 inches taller than her . "  I was thrown in to the wall behind me while still holding Nahla , " she said . "  I was terrified . The push was so forceful that if there had not been a wall behind me to stop the force of my movement I would have fallen down with Nahla in my arms . He then slammed the door . I got away with Nahla as quickly as I could . " Kambem 's statement also described clashes with Aubry in Spain where Berry was shooting a movie last September . "  While there , for a week consistently , every time Nahla would be playing on the floor with me , he would walk over and violently grab/take Nahla away from me , " she said . "  In the night , I would hear Nahla crying and asking for me , but he would not let Nahla come to me , nor me to her . He repeatedly told me to ` Shut up , ' and that ' I did n't know anything ' and other degrading remarks . "	Judge rejects nanny 's request for restraining order against Gabriel Aubry Nanny 's sworn statement details allegations of violence The evidence is "  insufficient and speculative , " judge rules Halle Berry 's court appearance is brief and private
Mother Nature Network  -- Cobblestone streets , sidewalk cafes and public art have helped Quebec City earn the moniker , "  Paris without the jetlag . " The thriving urban agriculture scene , local boutiques and restaurants , electric buses and green hotels should inspire a new nickname : "  Europe without the carbon footprint . " Quebec City is one of the oldest cities in North America . Situated on the banks of the St. Lawrence River , it was founded in 1608 as one of the first significant settlements in Canada . The Historic District of Old Quebec -- an area of cobblestone streets , picturesque churches and upscale shops -- was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1985 . Once dubbed "  The Most Sustainable City in Canada , " Quebec City has undertaken numerous green initiatives , including a citywide composting program to reduce waste that was launched in 2010 . The city 's two major festivals -- Festival d'été de Québec  Summer Festival  and Carnaval de Québec  winter carnival  have made commitments to the environment that include onsite recycling and composting , reusing construction material from past installations and choosing sites that are accessible by bicycle and public transportation . These efforts have helped put the French-speaking city on the map as a historic and eco-friendly destination . Experience ` la ville verte '  the green city Quebec City is a walkable destination and it 's possible to explore most of the major tourist sites on foot . For longer distances -- or to avoid the steep steps between Upper Town and Lower Town -- hop on one of the electric minibuses . Introduced in 2008 , the minibuses are smaller than conventional buses , making it easier to navigate the narrow roads in the historic districts . Rent a bike at Cyclo Services and use pedal power to see the city . There are almost 250 miles of bike baths winding through the city . Outdoor fun on Lake Superior 's North Shore Sleep green The Chateau Frontenac sits on the cliff of Cap-aux-Diamants overlooking the St. Lawrence River . Its castle-like appearance has earned the 618-room hotel a Guinness World Record for "  Most Photographed Hotel in the World . " The Chateau Frontenac has also earned accolades for its commitment to the environment . The Hotel Association of Canada awarded the hotel a four Green Key rating for green initiatives that include recycling kitchen grease and donating used household goods to local charities . Overnight guests driving hybrid vehicles can take advantage of free parking at the hotel . Not a guest ? The hotel is still worth a visit . Sign up for a historic guided tour . Led by costumed interpreters , the tours offer a glimpse into the history and majesty of the historic property . Tree hotels : A youthful escape , revisited A former Holiday Inn , Hotel Pur has been transformed into a modern boutique hotel complete with green cleaning products , comprehensive recycling and composting programs , furnishings made from recycled materials and restaurant/room service meals made with ingredients from local producers . For the best views , request a room overlooking the neo-Gothic St. Roch church . In honor of its commitment to the environment , L'Hôtel du Vieux Quebec became the first hotel in the province to earn the Award of Excellence for Energy and Environment from the Hotel Association of Canada . The 45-room hotel was built in 1774 and has served as a convent , tavern and apartment building before becoming the only carbon neutral hotel in Quebec City . Catalina Island : A world away from L.A. See green Quebec City boasts an impressive number of parks and green spaces . The largest is the Plains of Abraham , a 235-acre park that 's home to an arboretum , formal garden , hiking/biking trails and exhibits that highlight the park 's history . The Museum of Civilization offers a series of rotating exhibits that explore environmental issues . The permanent exhibit , Earth Unveiled , is an interactive look at the planet . The museum also has a green roof that 's open to the public . Buy green Quebec is proud of its heritage and nowhere is this more apparent than in the boutiques along Le Petit Champlain Quarter , a pedestrian street in Old Quebec that 's reputed to be the oldest commercial district in North America . The district is operated as a co-op with merchants and artists owning most of the buildings . The shops that line the narrow cobblestone streets are the best places to find goods produced in Quebec , from oil paintings and woodcarvings to jewelry and pottery . Even the liquor store -- called Société des alcools du Québec or SAQ -- has jumped on the "  buy local " bandwagon . The location adjacent to the Chateau Frontenac stocks more than 250 local brands from iced apple cider and maple syrup liqueur to caribou , a potent mix of brandy , vodka and sherry . 7 tips for lighter luggage Eat and drink green Quebec City is known for poutine , a combination of French fries , gravy and cheese curds . The local fast food chain , Chez AshTon , is a great place to indulge in the artery-clogging dish . AshTon uses locally made cheese curds and potatoes grown on Isle d'Orleans , giving their poutine local flair . At Panache , the menu changes with the seasons . Chef François Blais creates upscale French-Canadian cuisine using local ingredients such as bison , rabbit , quail and clams that led to Panache being named Best New Restaurant . The restaurant is located in a former maritime warehouse that boasts exposed beams and stone walls that were original to the building in the 1800s . Across the St. Lawrence River and less than 20 minutes from Quebec City , Ile d'Orléans is an agri-tourism haven . Nicknamed the "  Garden of Quebec , " the island is just 20 miles long and boasts a dizzying array of food producers . Stop at Cidrerie Verger Bilodeau to sip iced cider , a regional favorite made from the juices of frozen apples ; see how maple syrup is made at Cabane à sucre l'En-Tailleur ; and taste the artisanal cheeses at Les Fromages de l'isle d'Orléans , which are made using techniques that date back to the 17th century . Jodi Helmer is the author of "  The Green Year : 365 Small Things You Can Do to Make a Big Difference . " © Copyright 2010 Mother Nature Network	Quebec City 's historic charm has earned the city the moniker "  Paris without the jetlag " The eco-friendly city could be called "  Europe without the carbon footprint " Hotels and restaurants have worked to offer local , sustainable products
CNN  -- Blood discovered during the search for Pennsylvania trooper shooting suspect Eric Matthew Frein is not his , state police said Monday . Droplets of what appeared to be blood on the steps of a covered porch near the town of Cresco , Pennsylvania , turned out to be human , the Pennsylvania State Police said . But DNA testing showed the blood was n't Frein 's , police said . Material found on the inside of a screen porch door at a nearby home was n't blood at all , police said . Neither has any link to the search for Frein , according to police . Police read excerpts of notes they say suspect left On Friday , a law enforcement source speaking on condition of anonymity told CNN that there was no reason to believe that Frein was injured or that the blood was Frein 's . Frein , 31 , is suspected in the September 12 ambush shooting that left Cpl. Bryon Dickson dead and Trooper Alex T. Douglass wounded outside the Pennsylvania State Police barracks in Blooming Grove in northeast Pennsylvania . Police have not spoken about a possible motive , other than that Frein has talked and written about hating law enforcement . Authorities have said that a review of a computer hard drive used by Frein shows that he had planned the attack . Police : Suspect planned ambush for months He has eluded escape despite a massive police search around Canadensis , Pennsylvania , where his family has a home . Police say they think a woman taking a walk Friday night saw Frein , armed with a rifle and his face dabbed with mud , in a wooded area near the eastern Pennsylvania town of Swiftwater , about 8 miles southeast of the Canadensis area . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Shimon Prokupecz and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	Stains investigated for link to trooper shooting suspect Eric Frein do n't pan out , police say One stain was blood , but not Frein 's ; the other was n't even blood Frein is suspected in September 12 ambush of 2 officers , one of whom died He may have been seen Friday night , police say
CNN  -- On a day when global doomsday predictions failed to pan out , NASA had more good news for the Earth : An asteroid feared to be on a collision course with our planet no longer poses a threat . Uncertainties about the orbit of the asteroid , known as 2011 AG5 , previously allowed for a less than a 1 % chance it would hit the Earth in February 2040 , NASA said . To narrow down the asteroid 's future course , NASA put out a call for more observation . Astronomers from the University of Hawaii at Manoa took up the task and managed to observe the asteroid over several days in October . "  An analysis of the new data conducted by NASA 's Near-Earth Object Program Office at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , shows that the risk of collision in 2040 has been eliminated , " NASA declared Friday . The new observations , made with the Gemini 8-meter telescope in Mauna Kea , Hawaii , reduce the orbit uncertainties by more than a factor of 60 . That means the Earth 's position in February 2040 is not in range of the asteroid 's possible future paths . The asteroid , which is 140 meters  460 feet  in diameter , will get no closer to Earth than 890,000 kilometers  553,000 miles  , or more than twice the distance to the moon , NASA said . A collision with Earth would have released about 100 megatons of energy , several thousand times more powerful than the atomic bombs that ended World War II , according to the Gemini Observatory . Observing the asteroid was n't easy , said David Tholen , an astronomer at the University of Hawaii Institute for Astronomy . The asteroid 's position was very close to the sun , so astronomers had to observe it when the sky was dark . Tholen told CNN there was about a half-hour between when the asteroid got high enough in the sky for the telescope to point at it and before the sky became too light to observe it . Because the astronomers were looking at the asteroid low in the sky , they were viewing it through a lot of atmosphere , which scattered some of the light and made the object fainter , he said . "  The second effect is the turbulence of the atmosphere makes things fainter , " Tholen said . "  We had to keep trying over and over until we got one of those nights when the atmosphere was calm . " Tholen and the team also discovered the asteroid is elongated , so that as it rotates , its brightness changes . That was another challenge for the astronomers : Because they did n't know the asteroid 's rotation period , they did n't know when it would wax and wane , and when it would grow too faint to see . "  This object was changing its brightness by a factor of three or four -- it was just enormously variable , " Tholen said . "  It was hit and miss depending on which night you observed it . " Many predicted the end of the world would come Friday , the day on which a long phase in the ancient Mayan calendar came to an end . Some believe the day actually comes Sunday . Modern-day Mayans say the end of the calendar phase does n't mean the end of the world -- just the end of an era , and the start of a new one . NASA estimates 4,700 ` potentially hazardous ' asteroids	The asteroid previously had a 0.2 % chance of hitting the Earth More observation by astronomers in Hawaii shows no risk of collision A collision would have released about 100 megatons of energy Observing the asteroid was n't easy
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Alex Trebek suffered a mild heart attack Saturday , but the "  Jeopardy! " host should make a full recovery and return to the game show next month , a Sony Television spokeswoman said Sunday . Trebek , 71 , checked into Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles Saturday and remained there Sunday , Sony 's Paula Askanas said . "  Trebek is in good spirits and is currently under observation and undergoing further testing , " Askanas said . " He is expected to fully recover and be back at ` Jeopardy! ' when production begins taping in July for the new season , the show 's 29th . " The show won the best game show Emmy at the Daytime Emmy awards Saturday .	Trebek , 71 , checked into Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles Saturday The "  Jeopardy! " host "  is in good spirits , " a Sony TV spokeswoman says The show won the best game show Emmy at the Daytime Emmy awards Saturday
Checking off the world 's most important natural and cultural wonders can be a herculean task . The World Heritage List -- that most lauded and recognizable of preservation lists -- includes nearly 1,000 sites all over the world . That number will almost certainly increase when the World Heritage Committee of the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization meets June 15-25 in Qatar . Instead of sorting through that encyclopedic list , why not start at the very beginning with the first 12 sites ? The Galapagos Islands in Ecuador , Yellowstone National Park in the United States and the Island of Goree in Senegal were among the 12 sites named to the first list in 1978 . Only countries that sign the convention creating the World Heritage Committee and list can nominate sites , and that was just 40 countries when the first nominations came out . Thirty-six years later , 191 nations have signed the convention . "  There is an incredible diversity of sites both natural and cultural around the world , " said Mechtild Rossler , deputy director of UNESCO 's World Heritage Centre , a 22-year veteran of the organization . "  The beauty of this convention is that the text defining natural and cultural heritage is very broad . " Being named to the list is a big deal . Government officials work for years to prepare their nominations , and preservation officials hope for those designations to support their work . And what tourist site does n't tout its World Heritage Site designation ? While we wait to learn the newest members of this prestigious list , here are the first 12 World Heritage sites , listed in the order in which they are listed in the minutes of the September 1978 meeting in Washington . L'Anse aux Meadows National Historic Park , Canada What 's left of the 11th-century Viking settlement at L'Anse aux Meadows National Historic Park on the island of Newfoundland in Canada is the earliest evidence of the first European presence in North America . Excavations have found timber-framed , peat-turf buildings like those found in Iceland and Norse Greenland during the same period . It 's the first and only known Viking site in North America . The site was protected by the government of Canada in 1977 , just a year before its inclusion on the World Heritage List . Nahanni National Park , Canada Located in Canada 's Northwest Territories along the South Nahanni River and the Flat River , Nahanni National Park was protected as a national park by Canada in 1972 . Nahanni includes almost every known type of North American river and stream , enormous waterfalls , granite peaks , deep canyons , a unique limestone cave system and evidence of ancient rivers . Some 40 types of mammals and 170 bird species call this park home . Galapagos Islands , Ecuador The 19 islands and surrounding marine reserve that are the Galapagos Islands are part of a unique archipelago of unusual animals , plant life and seismic activity that inspired Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution . Located about 1,000 kilometers  620 miles  from the South American continent where three currents meet in the Pacific Ocean , the Galapagos host an intriguing collection of animal and plant life . Residents include the blue-footed booby , giant tortoises , flightless cormorants and marine iguanas . Some 97 % of the total emerged surface was declared a National Park in 1959 . The Galapagos Marine Reserve was created in 1986 with an area of 70,000 kilometers and was expanded to 133,000 kilometers in 1998 . City of Quito , Ecuador Named for the Quitus , who lived in the area before the Spanish conquest , the capital city of Ecuador was built in the 16th century on the ruins of an Incan city . Despite many earthquakes , Quito 's historic center is quite well-preserved . See the style of the Baroque school of Quito , a fusion of European and indigenous elements , in the monasteries of San Francisco and Santo Domingo and the Church and Jesuit College of La Companía . Built in the old Spanish style , the cathedral , archbishop 's palace , government palace and city hall face onto the city 's main square . Simien National Park , Ethiopia Incredible mountain peaks , deep valleys and rare animals call Simien National Park home . You 'll find the Walia ibex  a goat found nowhere else in the world  , the rare Gelada baboon and Simien fox . There are also leopards , spotted hyenas , jackals and 400 bird species . The park holds incredible significance because of its biodiversity , with views said to rival the Grand Canyon in the United States . However , it was established in an area inhabited by people and faces human and livestock demands on its resources . Rock-Hewn Churches , Lalibela , Ethiopia At a time when Muslim conquests made it impossible for Christians to make pilgrimages to the Holy Land , King Lalibela decided in the 12th century to build a "  New Jerusalem " in the mountain region of Ethiopia . The 11 medieval , monolithic cave churches of the 13th century are the result . The churches were hewn from rock , and doors and windows and other parts of the structures were chiseled out . There 's also an extensive system of passages , ditches , caves and catacombs . Lalibela 's churches and traditional village are still a place of pilgrimage and devotion where the faithful flock to celebrate the important dates of the Ethiopian Christian calendar . Aachen Cathedral , Germany The Frankish royal estate of Aachen in western Germany had served as a spa since the first century . Soon after Charlemagne took over the government in AD 768 , he made the estate his permanent residence and turned it into a center of religion and culture . Emperor Charlemagne ´ s own Palatine Chapel was the first vaulted structure north of the Alps since Antiquity . The chapel was considered an artistic wonder from its creation . It had bronze doors , columns of Greek and Italian marble and a grand mosaic  now destroyed  . The unification of the West under Charlemagne is symbolized in part by the construction of the chapel between 793 and 813 . Charlemagne was buried there in 814 , and 200 years later , he was canonized -- attracting pilgrims to the site . Krakow 's historic center , Poland The former capital city of Poland , Krakow 's historic center has its roots in the 13th century as a merchants ' town with Europe 's largest market square and one of the oldest university quarters in Europe . Boleslaw the Chaste ordered the old city , called Stare Miasto , be laid out in a strict grid of orthogonal streets in 1257 , when he decided to unify the different peoples around the Wawel , a hill inhabited since Paleolithic times and site of the Royal Wawel Castle , which now houses a museum . The beginnings of the castle date back to the 11th century , and there are remnants of fortifications dating back to the 14th century . The Wawel also contains the Royal Treasury and the Gothic cathedral of St. Wenceslas , which hosted many important events for the Polish royal families , including coronations , weddings and funerals . Separate from Stare Miasto , the old district of Kazimierz was the city 's Jewish quarter . Kazimierz 's Jewish community of 64,000 individuals was deported to Auschwitz . Only 6,000 returned after World War II ended . Wieliczka and Bochnia Salt Mines , Poland While the Wieliczka and Bochnia Salt Mines in Poland are excellent examples of mining techniques from the 13th to the 20th centuries , there is much more in their underground chambers than a historical ode to the mining of salt . Areas excavated for salt were turned into storehouses , workshops and chapels , with statues and other decorations carved into the rock salt . Tourists have visited the site since the early 19th century . Island of Goree , Senegal From the 15th century through the 19th century , an estimated 20 million Africans passed through the Island of Goree , the largest slave-trading center on the African coast . Ruled first by the Portuguese and followed by the Dutch , English and French , the island just two miles off the coast houses the elegant homes of the slave traders and the horrific cells in which captured Africans were held before being shipped to the Americas . The Dutch-built House of Slaves , which dates back to 1776 , is the last surviving slave house on the island . Listed as a historical site by the colonial administration in 1944 , Goree did n't have any subsequent construction that might have damaged the historic elements of the island . Senegal gained its independence in 1960 , and the island was inscribed on the independent nation 's national heritage list in 1975 . Mesa Verde National Park , United States Spectacular structures of the Pueblo Nation in southwest Colorado are protected at Mesa Verde National Park , where ancient Pueblo dwellings dating from the 6th to the 12th century are still standing at an altitude of more than 8,000 feet . There are impressive villages built on the Mesa top and imposing cliff dwellings built of stone . There is evidence of advanced knowledge of building techniques and irrigation , crucial to surviving in the land in which the Pueblo Nation lived . Yellowstone National Park , United States Established as the United States ' first national park in 1872 , Yellowstone National Park is one of the few remaining large , intact ecosystems in the northern temperate zone on Earth . Yellowstone has more than 10,000 thermal features -- about half of all thermal features in the world . It has more than 300 geysers , a volcano and many waterfalls . The park is also home to the few remaining members of the wild , continuously free-ranging bison herd that once roamed the Great Plains .	Nearly 1,000 cultural and natural wonders are "  World Heritage Sites " The Galapagos Islands and Yellowstone were among the first 12 sites named The largest slave trading center on the African coast was included on the first list Ethiopia 's 13th century rock-hewn churches are still in use today
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  Indonesian crews pulled out more bodies following last year 's crash of an AirAsia jet , raising the total to 100 so far , authorities said Sunday . Of the 100 bodies recovered , 72 have been identified , police said . Efforts are underway to identify the remaining victims . AirAsia Flight 8501 plunged into the sea on December 28 as it flew from the Indonesian city of Surabaya toward Singapore . It had 162 people on board . Divers resumed their attempt to lift up the fuselage of the Airbus jet on Sunday after earlier attempts failed . Before the plane crashed , the co-pilot was flying the jet as the more experienced pilot monitored the flight . Things may have gone wrong in a span of three minutes and 20 seconds , triggering a stall warning that sounded until it crashed into the Java Sea , according to Indonesia 's transportation officials . Though it 's common for the co-pilot to be in control of the aircraft , significant questions remain . Why did the plane start a sudden , steep ascent ? Was bad weather a factor ? The plane was in good condition and the entire crew was certified , said Mardjono Siswosuwarno , the chief investigator for the transportation committee . The flight took off and cruised at 32,000 feet amid stormy weather . The pilot then asked the control tower whether the plane could ascend to 38,000 feet , according to the committee . The plane was veering left and wobbling , said Ertata Lanang Galih , a senior pilot and investigator with the committee . It then ascended from its cruising altitude to 37,400 feet in about 30 seconds in a steep ascent , the chief investigator said . Commercial planes are not designed to ascend so quickly , and may have been climbing at a rate twice as fast as it should , analysts said . Officials have said that the aircraft climbed rapidly before it tumbled into the water . Investigators have submitted their preliminary report into the crash , but officials said they would not release it just yet . It 's unclear whether or when the initial report will be released . While that report presents facts , officials indicated there is n't enough verification yet . CNN 's Faith Karimi wrote and reported from Atlanta , and journalist Masrur Jamaluddin reported from Jakarta , Indonesia	Of the total bodies recovered , 72 have been identified , officials say The AirAsia jet plunged into the sea on December 28
CNN  -- Former British army officer William Shaw , who was serving a two-year sentence in Kabul 's infamous Pul-e-Charki jail for bribery , has been acquitted , his daughter told CNN on Sunday . Daughter Lisa Luckyn-Malone could not provide additional information . Afghan officials could not immediately be reached for comment . Shaw , who served 28 years in the British forces , was sentenced for bribery in April -- accused of paying $ 25,000 to an Afghan intelligence official . Bribery under Afghan law requires the person who received the money to be a government employee . That was not the case for Shaw , according to his lawyer , Kimberly Motely . Shaw 's employer , security company G4S , authorized him to pay the $ 25,000 in good faith as a fee to the Afghan intelligence service to have two vehicles released from their custody . That was in October 2009 , and the vehicles were released . At the request of G4S , Shaw returned to the intelligence service on several occasions to ask for receipts for the cash , according to his family . Five months later , he was called in to the intelligence service for questioning and arrested . The former military serviceman who once received a top award from the Queen was sent to the Afghan super-max jail and locked up in solitary confinement . The Afghan intelligence service had sent two letters to the judges dealing with Shaw 's case informing them the man who took the $ 25,000 from Shaw was not a government employee , according to Motely . The British Embassy in Afghanistan said it was pleased for Shaw and his family . "  We welcome the appeal court 's decision which is now subject to finalization in the Supreme Court , " an embassy spokeswoman said . "  The UK continues to strongly support the work of the Afghan government to counter corruption and reinforce the rule of law in Afghanistan . "	Shaw served 28 years in British forces He was accused of paying $ 25,000 to an Afghan intelligence official He had been jailed in the super-max Pul-e-Charki jail in Kabul
New Delhi  CNN  -- At least 18 people -- 13 in India and five in Nepal -- died when a magnitude-6 .9 earthquake struck the northern Indian state of Sikkim near the border between the two nations Sunday night , local government officials told sister network CNN-IBN . The dead include three in Nepal 's capital of Kathmandu , who died when a wall of the British embassy collapsed , according to Kedar Rijal , Kathmandu police chief . They included an 8-year-old girl , her father and a third person . The British Foreign Office confirmed a "  compound perimeter wall " of the embassy collapsed , adding that its ambassador has met with the community and offered condolences . Police said in a statement that two more people died in the Nepalese town of Dhara , about 217 miles east of Kathmandu . About a dozen people were injured when they jumped from their houses during the quake , police said . On Monday morning , Sikkim 's chief secretary Karma Gyatso said that seven people had died in that province , 65 suffered trauma and 33 had minor injuries . Officials in other local governments reported additional fatalities in their provinces , significantly increasing the overall death toll from Sunday . The network said the dead include at least two Indian army personnel . At least two buildings in Sikkim had collapsed and others developed cracks , Gyatso said Sunday . The damage was still being assessed as first-responders and others worked to find and help survivors , he said . A day later , the Sikkim provincial official said that conditions had taken a positive turn . Communications to stricken areas are "  much better " now , " said Gyatso , adding cell phone connections have also improved . He added that rescuers have reached most of the hardest-hit areas , with more emergency crews set to be deployed over the course of the day Monday . Already , 300 civilians had been rescued in one such effort near Sikkim 's border with China , said Indo-Tibetan Border Police spokesman Deepak Kumar Pandey . Some 22 tourists -- all of them Indians -- were also rescued in the same area . The deaths , damage and recovery efforts came after a total of three quakes struck the region in rapid succession in a mountainous region . The U.S. Geological Survey initially put the largest quake at 6.8 magnitude , later upgrading it to a 6.9 , and the other two at magnitudes 4.8 and 4.6 . All three occurred within an hour and 15 minutes , the U.S. agency said . The India Meteorological Department said the quakes were 6.8 magnitude , 5.7 magnitude and 5.3 magnitude . The quakes set off landslides , which -- along with heavy rains -- were blocking roads and hampering rescue efforts , Pandey said . He expressed fears that the toll , as far as deaths and damage , could be more than is now known , anticipating more will be known once the sun rises Monday . Already , authorities have reported power outages and downed phone lines in Sikkim . Emergency crews were dispatched from different locations to the region , India 's home ministry said in an alert to reporters . At least four fighter jets were carrying rescue officers to a neighboring region , where they travel by road to Gangtok , Sikkim 's capital , according to the alert . As for outside help , World Vision announced Sunday that it "  has put its emergency response team in India on standby " to provide relief as requested . The nonprofit organization reported that the quake cut off phone communication and electricity in parts of Sikkim and West Bengal provinces . "  The whole earth was shaking and it lasted for two minutes , " Paul Mathai from World Vision , who was 130 kilometers  80 miles  from the epicenter , said in a statement from the organization . "  We were panicked , but all of us are safe . " No tsunami warning was issued . The strongest earthquake , which struck at 6:10 p.m. local time  8:40 a.m. ET  , was 12.2 miles below the earth 's surface , according to the USGS . That quake 's epicenter was about 42 miles from the city of Gangtok and 169 miles east of Kathmandu , according to the geological survey . CNN 's Harmeet Singh , Manesh Shrestha and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : 7 dead , 98 are injured in India 's Sikkim province , but an official notes improvements 300 civilians , 22 tourists are rescued near India 's border with Tibet , an official says The quakes set off landslides that , with heavy rains , are hampering rescue efforts A wall of the British embassy in Kathmandu collapsed due to the quake , killing 3
CNN  -- A Turkish television show is offering contestants what it claims is the "  biggest prize ever " -- the chance for atheists to convert to one of the world 's major religions . The TV show offers converts to Islam the chance to visit Mecca . The show , called "  Tovbekarlar Yarisiyor , " or "  Penitents Compete , " features a Muslim imam , a Catholic priest , a Jewish rabbi and a Buddhist monk attempting to persuade 10 atheists of the merits of their religion , according to CNN Turk . If they succeed , the contestants are rewarded with a pilgrimage to one of their chosen faith 's most sacred sites -- Mecca for Muslims , Jerusalem for converts to Judaism , a trip to Tibet for Buddhists and the chance to visit Ephesus and the Vatican for Christians . Ahmet Ozdemir , deputy director of Turkish channel Kanal T , which will air the show from September , said the program aimed to "  turn disbelievers on to God . " "  People are free to believe anything they want . Our program does not have a say , " he said , according to Turkish newspaper Hurriyet . Contestants will be judged by a panel of eight theologians and religious experts prior to going on the show to make sure their lack of faith is genuine . But the show has been condemned by Turkish religious leaders . The head of the country 's supreme council of religious affairs , Hamza Aktan , told CNN Turk that it was "  disrespectful " to place different faiths in competition with each other and accused Kanal T of using religion to boost ratings . "  To do such a thing for the sake of ratings , not only with Islam but with all religions is disrespectful , " said Aktan . "  Religion should not be the subject of this type of program . " Although Turkey has a predominantly Muslim population and culture , religion is a sensitive subject because of the country 's staunchly secular constitution which outlaws most displays of faith in public life . Last year the Islamist-influenced government of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan clashed with the country 's constitutional court when judges overturned the efforts of Erdogan 's AK Party to lift a ban on female students wearing headscarves at public universities . Aylin Yazan at CNN Turk contributed to this story .	Turkish TV show features imam , Catholic priest , Jewish rabbi , Buddhist monk Religious leaders attempt to persuade atheists to "  convert " to their faith Show has prompted criticism from religious groups who say it is "  disrespectful "
CNN  -- What is happening in Tunisia ? Following a month of largely leaderless popular protests against the government , Tunisia 's President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali fled the country on Friday . Fouad Mebazaa , the speaker of parliament , was sworn in the following day as interim president , and new elections are due within 60 days . . What were the protests about ? They were sparked by the suicide of an unemployed college graduate in December . The man set himself on fire in front of a government building in the town of Sidi Bouzid after police confiscated his fruit cart , saying he was selling without a permit , according to Amnesty International . He died January 4 from his injuries . The event tore the lid off what appears to have been long-simmering fury at Ben Ali and his associates . Tunisians accuse the ruling circle of rampant corruption and nepotism . Recent diplomatic cables from the U.S. Embassy in Tunisia obtained by WikiLeaks revealed growing disquiet with the government -- especially over nepotism . Why does Tunisia matter ? It could be the canary in a coal mine , since it 's far from the only Arab nation with a long-time president and a young , underemployed population . Riots broke out in neighboring Algeria after weeks of demonstrations in Tunisia , and Egypt , Libya and Yemen will certainly be watching closely to see what happens in Tunis . Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi said he was "  sad and hurt " after Ben Ali fled Tunisia , warning that the country was heading for "  more unjustified chaos . "  It used to be a safe , secure and friendly nation . Development was going on , with job opportunities , work training , education . And suddenly , one day people destroy their own houses , " Gadhafi said in a nationally televised speech . With a population of just over 10 million , Tunisia is not one of the major players in the region . It 's not an oil exporter , does not have disputes with its neighbors , and is relatively prosperous and liberal for north Africa . So if popular protest can topple a president there , the region 's autocrats must assume they need to be on their guard . How violent have the protests been ? At least 21 people died in protests before Ben Ali fled , according to the government . Local unions put the figure at more than 50 . The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , Navi Pillay , citing reports , said the protests had been peaceful and that security forces used excessive force . Prime Minister Mohamed Ghannouchi on Thursday declined to answer a CNN question about whether live ammunition or snipers were used against demonstrators , saying those matters will be part of an investigation into the conduct of the security forces . . Does this mean Tunisia is becoming a fully-fledged democracy ? It 's too soon to say . The protests have been dubbed the "  Jasmine Revolution , " but CNN 's Ben Wedeman in Tunis , the capital , says the military has moved quickly to fill the power void . Curfews are in place and tanks and armored personnel carriers were on the streets of the capital 's main streets . . Are events like this unusual in Tunisia ? They 're very unusual , not only in Tunisia but across the Middle East . Ben Ali was only the second president of Tunisia since it gained independence from France in 1956 . His predecessor , President Habib Bourguiba , ruled for more than 20 years until he was succeeded by Ben Ali -- then the prime minister -- in 1987 . Ben Ali claimed victory in five successive presidential elections since then , most recently officially taking nearly 90 % of the vote in November 2009 . .	The country 's longtime president fled on Friday Popular protests toppled him after a month He 'd been in power since 1987 Other long-serving leaders in the region will be paying close attention to Tunisia
CNN  -- UK police dropped their case Wednesday against the brother of a British-Iraqi man who was killed with his wife , mother-in-law and a French cyclist in a mysterious attack in the foothills of the French Alps . The bodies of Saad al-Hilli , his wife Ikbal and her mother , Suhaila al-Allaf , were found in a car in a secluded parking lot on the outskirts of Chevaline , an Alpine village near the picturesque Lake Annecy , in September 2012 . French cyclist Sylvain Mollet was found shot dead close by . The couple 's two young daughters survived the attack , although one was beaten and shot . The other hid for hours behind her dead mother 's skirts and was unharmed . Saad 's brother Zaid al-Hilli , who lives in the county of Surrey , southwest of London , was arrested in June last year on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder . He was later released on bail , but Surrey Police said Wednesday that the 54-year-old 's bail had been canceled since he could not be charged . "  At this stage there is insufficient evidence to charge him with any criminal offence and no further police action is being taken at this time , " the force said in a statement . The French-led investigation into the murders continues , Surrey Police said , adding that British officers had carried out "  exhaustive " inquiries in the United Kingdom as part of the joint probe . Annecy Prosecutor Eric Maillaud told CNN the French investigators agreed with their British counterparts that there was not enough evidence to pursue the case against Zaid al-Hilli . Nonetheless , he "  remains one of the main suspects in the case , " Maillaud said . Investigators suspected that financial issues between the two brothers might have been a motive . The team continues to work on the case , Maillaud said . "  There are still important leads in Iraq but we can not go out and work there so it 's on standby , " he said . "  The other one is industrial espionage with state participation and that is still under investigation . " Born in Baghdad in 1962 , Saad al-Hilli was a naturalized British citizen who had lived in the United Kingdom for decades . He was an engineer working at Surrey Satellite Technology , a high-tech company owned by EADS , an aerospace corporation that builds satellites . The family lived in the well-heeled town of Claygate , in Surrey , but was vacationing in France . Ikbal 's mother lived in Sweden .	UK police drop the case against Zaid al-Hilli , citing insufficient evidence Zaid al-Hilli was arrested in June on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder His brother was shot along with his wife , mother-in-law and a cyclist in a mysterious attack French prosecutor says the French-led investigation into the killings continues
CNN  -- Former President Jimmy Carter predicted that Republicans ' obstructionist ways should change and President Obama 's re-election prospects could improve after next week 's midterm elections . Speaking Wednesday on HLN 's "  The Joy Behar Show , " Carter said the Republican party has been "  completely irresponsible " in the past 18 months by opposing most legislative initiatives backed by Obama and his fellow Democrats . But the nation 's 39th president said that approach might not work as well , if Republicans go from the minority to the majority in either the Senate or House of Representatives . He said it could also end up leading to less of a logjam on Capitol Hill . "  If they , maybe , gain control , ... they 'll have to show some responsibility , so that Obama will will have an opponent with whom he can debate with some degree of rationality , " Carter said . Carter praised Obama for doing "  an extraordinary job " despite numerous challenges , including an environment in which most every move he made , even if it had once been championed by Republicans , faced immediate opposition . If and when Republicans engage the White House after voters hit the polls on November 2 , Obama may be more able to engage them as well as voters in drawing a clear distinction between himself and his opponents , Carter said . "  They 've been able to snipe away at what he does , and  Obama  has n't had a target to debate , " he said . "  But that 's going to change over the next two years . So I think he 'll have a better chance to be re-elected than I think he  may seem to have  now . " A devout Christian and longtime Sunday school teacher , Carter also addressed recent comments from Republican senatorial candidates Sharron Angle of Nevada and Christine O'Donnell of Delaware talking openly about religion on the campaign trail . He said that it 's very different from when he was president in the 1970s , because "  there 's sort of a marriage between religious groups and one political party " -- the Republicans . Carter said the growing role of money in politics had poisoned the process , not only in funding relentless rounds of negative advertising , but also when the candidates set up shop in Washington . "  That 's been the main cause of the change in the political environment -- the enormous influence of vast amounts of money ,  sometimes  secretly without identifying donors . A lot of that money is used in negative advertising to destroy the reputations of opponents , " said Carter . "  That animosity , that hatred , carries over . "	Former President Jimmy Carter says Obama 's re-election prospects could improve He blasts Republicans for obstructionism , saying they will need to change after November Carter blames "  vast amounts of money " for fueling animosity in Washington
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- Jordan 's King Abdullah II swore in a new government Wednesday with a mandate for political reform , a former general at its head and several opposition and media figures among its ranks . Abdullah shook up his Cabinet last week amid protests at home . While the king gave new prime minister Marouf al Bakhit orders to implement "  genuine political reform , " Bakhit 's appointment was seen as an attempt to shore up support among Jordan 's Bedouin tribes -- the bedrock of the monarchy . Bakhit is a former national security official who served a previous stint as prime minister , ending in 2007 . His Cabinet includes members of several Jordanian political parties , opposition groups , the editor of a newspaper that is sometimes critical of the government and one person considered an independent Islamist . Jordan 's economy has been hit hard by the global economic downturn and fast-rising commodity prices . As in nearby Egypt , where longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak faces the toughest challenge to his nearly 30-year rule , youth unemployment is high . Officials close to the palace told CNN last week that Abdullah is trying to turn a regional upheaval into an opportunity for reform . Bakhit will serve as defense minister as well as prime minister in the new government , while Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh and Finance Minister Mohammad Abu Hammour kept their portfolios in the shakeup . Hussein Mjalli , a former head of the Jordanian lawyer 's association and member of the country 's opposition Baath Party , is the new justice minister . A journalist , Tareq Masarweh , joined the Cabinet as culture minister , while Taher Odwan , the editor of the Jordanian daily newspaper Arab Al Yawm , will take the post of communications minister . Jordan 's Muslim Brotherhood has refused an offer to join the government , arguing that the prime minister should be chosen by parliament instead of the king . But an independent Islamist , Abdul Raheem Ekour , was named the kingdom 's Islamic affairs minister . CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	King Abdullah II swore in a new Cabinet Wednesday The new ministers include several opposition figures
CNN  -- Yemen 's embattled president told the country 's largest opposition bloc he would step down at the beginning of next year , a ruling party official told CNN . The opposition rejected the offer , demanding that Ali Abdullah Saleh resign immediately . Saleh pushed back against opponents including some of his own top generals Tuesday , defying calls for him to quit . "  Those who want to reach power through a coup will be unable to . This is impossible . The scenario will turn into a civil war , " Saleh said in a televised speech . "  There is a constitution , and there are rules . There is the will of the people . It is impossible for a minority to control the fate of the nation , " he said . Also Tuesday , Yemen 's army repelled an attack on a military position by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , killing 12 militants and wounding five , a Yemeni official told CNN , citing sources at the Interior Ministry in Sanaa . The official , who spoke on condition of not being named because he is not authorized to talk to the media , said the attack occurred east of the city of Lawdar , in Abyan province in southwest Yemen . Saleh , who has been in power for 32 years , has been a key U.S. ally as al Qaeda turns his country into a base . It is not clear when Saleh made his offer to step down in 2012 to the opposition JMP bloc , the largest opposition group , but they rejected his speech Tuesday . "  Any offer that does not include the president 's immediate resignation is rejected , " said Mohammed Qahtan , a JMP spokesman . The president 's defiant speech came a day after Saleh met a top general who announced he was supporting the protests that have been roiling Yemen since the beginning of the year . Even officials in Saleh 's own party expressed worries about the speech , which came on the heels of a particularly tense day in Yemen . "  It will cause more concern , and I think this will only increase the tension , " ruling party official Mohammed Abulahoum told CNN . "  I hope that the military and the police and all units will not obey any order of any individual that asks them to point their guns at their people . After all , they are there to defend the people , " he said . Some government officials and others have declared their support for the opposition in the wake of a government crackdown on protesters that left 52 people dead last week . On Tuesday , Rupert Colville of the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights expressed concern about the situation in Yemen . The agency deplored the reported killings of protesters , including allegations of snipers shooting from rooftops , Colville told a news briefing in Geneva . "  All such violations of human rights must indeed be investigated by independent and impartial mechanisms , " Colville said . Saleh and Maj. Gen. Ali Mohsen Al-Ahmar on Monday discussed a deal for a peaceful transition of power that would allow Salehto to stay in place for the rest of the year , a Yemeni official and senior U.S. official said . Then on Tuesday , Saleh appeared to criticize the powerful general and other officers who declared their support for the opposition on Monday , saying , "  Any division in the military will have negative impacts on the whole country . " A government official said the speech was a warning to those who broke ranks . "  Saleh was sending a message to the generals who defected yesterday , telling them , you know you 're going to come back , so why not come back now rather than trying to do so later ? " said the official , who asked not to be named because of the sensitive situation . Al-Ahmar , who belongs to an important tribe whose backing is significant for Saleh , said Monday he would order his troops to protect civilians demonstrating against the president . A wave of other officials announced their support for the opposition Monday . They included Yemen 's ambassador to Britain and the embassy 's entire diplomatic staff , as well as Yemen 's ambassador to the European Union , Mohamed Jaffer . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Tuesday the United States was "  obviously concerned about the instability in Yemen . We consider al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which is largely located in Yemen , to be perhaps the most dangerous of all the franchises of al Qaeda right now . " Radical American-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki is believed to be hiding in the country . The cleric has been linked to terror plots including the attempt to bomb a Detroit-bound plane on Christmas Day 2009 , and he corresponded separately with a British Airways employee about trying to smuggle explosives onto planes . Top American officials , including U.S. President Barack Obama 's counterterrorism chief , have traveled to Yemen to meet with Saleh . Leaked diplomatic cables suggest Saleh 's government helped disguise strikes by U.S. unmanned drones on terror targets in Yemen by calling them Yemeni actions . CNN 's Tracy Doueiry , Caroline Faraj , Elise Labott , Richard Roth , Pam Benson and Jo Shelley and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	NEW : Source says military kills 12 Al-Qaeda militants in repelling an attack U.N. official criticizes crackdown on protesters President Saleh makes an offer to the opposition , a ruling party official says The opposition demands he step down immediately
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama asked Congress Friday for more power to streamline and reorganize the federal government , a move designed to claim the political middle ground in an election likely to be dominated by questions about Washington 's role in the economy . The president asked legislators to grant him the authority to merge agencies that perform similar functions . If that power is granted , Congress would be required to hold an up-or-down vote on the president 's streamlining plan within 90 days of its submission . Among other things , the president 's plan would combine several agencies that focus on commerce and trade , including the Small Business Administration , the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative , the Export-Import Bank , the Overseas Private Investment Corp. and the Trade and Development Agency . Under the move , the Commerce Department as currently constituted would be eliminated . Some of its responsibilities would be shifted to a new department yet to be named , while other functions would be shifted elsewhere . In the meantime , the president is elevating the Small Business Administration to a Cabinet-level agency -- a largely symbolic move that does not require congressional approval . "  No business or nonprofit leader would allow this kind of duplication or unnecessary complexity in their operations , " Obama told a group of business leaders and administration officials at the White House . "  So why is it OK for our government ? It 's not . It has to change . " The proposal is designed initially to save up to $ 3 billion over the next decade , partly by cutting up to 2,000 jobs through attrition , according to the administration . Obama noted Friday that presidents starting in the midst of the Great Depression were authorized to submit federal reorganization plans to Congress for a guaranteed up-or-down vote . That authority , however , expired in 1984 . "  When this process was left to follow the usual Congressional pace , not surprisingly , it slowed down , " Obama said . "  Congressional committees fought to protect their turf . Lobbyists fought to keep things unchanged because they 're the only ones who can navigate the bureaucracy . And because it 's always easier to add than to subtract in Washington , inertia prevented any real reform from happening . " Obama 's plan -- building on a promise made in last year 's State of the Union address to streamline government -- could help to place the president in a more centrist position heading into the election , political analysts note . It could also put congressional Republicans in a politically awkward position by forcing them to either accept the plan -- thereby handing Obama a political win -- or reject it and risk ceding a core conservative issue to the president . "  President Obama is trying to counter the perception that he is a big-government liberal , " said Keating Holland , CNN polling director . "  If he gets his way and can brag about reorganizing the government , that may help him in the fall . " On the other hand , Holland noted , "  when then-Vice President Al Gore was put in charge of a ` Reinventing Government ' initiative under Bill Clinton , it did n't seem to affect views of Gore in that regard , possibly because few Americans really noticed . " Skeptical Republicans questioned both the merit and the timing of Obama 's announcement . "  Given the president 's record of growing government , we 're interested to learn whether this proposal represents actual relief for American businesses or just the appearance of it , " said Brendan Buck , a spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  American small businesses are more concerned about this administration 's policies than from which building in Washington they originate . We hope the president is n't simply proposing new packaging for the same burdensome approach . " Don Stewart , a spokesman for Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said that "  after presiding over one of the largest expansions of government in history , and a year after raising the issue ... it 's interesting to see the president finally acknowledge that Washington is out of control . " Republicans frequently cite the rapid growth in deficit spending over the last three years as an example of explosive government growth under Obama . Democrats insist such spending was necessary to prevent a deeper economic downturn . California Rep. Darrell Issa , the Republican chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , criticized the administration for allegedly not working more closely with Congress on earlier reorganization efforts . "  I stand ready to work with President Obama on proposals to reorganize federal agencies , " Issa said in a written statement . "  While I have been disappointed that the White House has not embraced earlier bipartisan congressional efforts seeking collaborative engagement on proposals to reorganize government , I hope this announcement represents the beginning of a sincere and dedicated effort to enact meaningful reforms . " Issa noted a letter sent last March from several congressmen to the White House seeking "  a tentative timeline for development and implementation of  a  reorganization proposal . " CNN 's Kate Bolduan contributed to this report	Obama plan would replace the Commerce Department Obama elevates the Small Business Administration to a Cabinet-level agency Plan could save $ 3 billion by cutting 2,000 jobs through attrition GOP spokesman says proposal only comes after years of government growth
Surabaya , Indonesia  CNN  AirAsia officials did n't pick up weather reports ahead of Flight QZ8501 's crash in person -- something that does n't mean the airline violated any policies but could mean it missed an opportunity for meteorologists to detail potentially dangerous conditions face-to-face , Indonesia 's official weather service told CNN . Yunus Subagyo Swarinoto , deputy director for meteorology at the weather agency BMKG , said , "  Based on our records , there was no AirAsia flight operation officer that directly collected the flight document . " This practice appears to be common for AirAsia , according to BMKG Station Chief Blucher Doloksaribu . CNN did not see AirAsia listed in entries for a logbook running from December 31 to January 6 , for instance . The airline does n't dispute this , explaining it gets and distributes the same information not in person but by email . The documents are printed and brought onto the flight for pilots to see , AirAsia 's Indonesia President Director Sunu Widyatmoko told CNN . One advantage of picking up such documents personally -- which in Surabaya , where Flight QZ8501 took off from December 28 , would be done at the Airport Authority building -- is that it gives cockpit crew or airline operations staff a chance to review it with the meteorologist on duty , ask questions and get additional information , said BMKG forecaster Apritarum Fadianika . But AirAsia argues that the official copy actually is n't as easy to read as the electronic version , which has the same information and comes in color . "  Our dispatch mirror the dispatch practices of numerous airlines globally , " AirAsia said in a statement . There 's been no apparent change in how the airline gets copies of weather information since QZ8501 went down in the Java Sea . But there 's now a change in how its staff process it : Whereas pilots briefed themselves before the crash , there 's now a face-to-face briefing involving pilots and flights operations officers before each flight , AirAsia spokeswoman Audrey Petriny said . • Hayati Lutfiah Hamid • Grayson Herbert Linaksita • Kevin Alexander Soetjipto • The Meiji Thejakusuma • Hendra Gunawan Syawal • Khairunisa Haidar Fauzi • Jie Stevie Gunawan • Juanita Limantara • Wismoyo Ari Prambudi • Tony Linaksita • Shiane Josal • Lim Yan Koen • Yongki Jou • Indra Yulianto • Hindarto Halim • Jou Brian Youvito Suspension of flight route AirAsia 's handling of weather information is being investigated by Indonesia 's transportation ministry , a top Indonesian aviation official told CNN on Monday . It 's not the only thing . The airline 's practices have already come under scrutiny , including the fact AirAsia 's Indonesian affiliate did n't have a license to fly the Surabaya-to-Singapore route on the day that the plane disappeared , according to authorities . The airline was approved to fly the route four days a week but that did not include Sunday , Indonesia 's Ministry of Transport said as it announced a full investigation and suspended AirAsia Indonesia flights between the two cities . AirAsia Indonesia has said it will cooperate fully with the investigation and would not be releasing any statement until the results were known , local media reported . But aviation authorities in Singapore said there was no issue on their end . The Singapore Civil Aviation Authority said it had given AirAsia permission to fly the Surabaya-to-Singapore route daily through March 28 . It added that AirAsia was operating the flight four days a week , including Sundays , but that "  airlines may adjust their flight frequencies in the course of a season in response to market demand or operational requirements . " Officials reassigned Two officials in the Surabaya airport 's operations department have been reassigned , said the president director of the state-owned company that manages 13 airports in central and eastern Indonesia . Tommy Soetomo said a department head and a section head were transferred Monday at the order of the Ministry of Transport and the Ministry of State Owned Operations , pending an investigation . Visibility an issue for searchers Meanwhile , the search continues for wreckage and bodies from the Singapore-bound flight , which went down with 162 people board after its crew lost contact with air traffic controllers . The cause of the disaster is still under investigation . Big waves and visibility have been problems for searchers , according to officials . So far , 39 bodies have been found , and 16 of those have been identified publicly . Three others have been identified , but officials still needed to inform their families . The aerial search began again Wednesday morning just after dawn . The Indonesian Navy has sent special equipment to try to tackle the muddy conditions , Indonesian military chief Gen. Moeldoko said Monday . U.S. Navy divers assisting in the search have already been using side-scan sonar gear , which is designed to map the sea floor and capture accurate images for analysis . When they find submerged wreckage , divers could also face challenges like "  jagged edges , torn fuselage , things hanging all over the place , " said Geno Gargiulo , an experienced commercial diver in the United States . "  It 's going to be dark inside -- a lot of things for a diver to get snagged on , for its umbilical to get caught up on , to get disoriented , " said Gargiulo , who says he 's helped in the aftermath of recent catastrophes , including the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan . Highlighting the complexity of the challenge , Moeldoko said Monday that one large piece of wreckage initially believed to be part of the aircraft turned out to actually be from a ship . Objects obscured by waves The ships and aircraft looking for remains from Flight QZ8501 have so far detected several large pieces of wreckage believed to be from the commercial jet , according to Indonesian officials . But they still have n't located the main body of the plane and the all-important flight recorders . A locator beacon in at least one of the plane 's so-called black boxes was manufactured by Dukane Seacom , the same company that built the beacons on the still-missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . But the search for the AirAsia flight is markedly different than the hunt for the missing Malaysian airliner , since wreckage has already been found . Records show there are fresh batteries in at least one of the AirAsia plane 's beacons , which are designed to send out pinging sounds for 30 days after a crash to help searchers find the black boxes , Dukane Seacom President Anish Patel said . Some of the bodies found over the weekend were still wearing seat-belts , search officials said . The bad weather conditions brought about by Indonesia 's monsoon -- including strong winds , thick clouds , heavy rain and big waves -- have hindered the teams ' efforts during nine days of searching . "  As soon as you see something in the distance , it disappears behind a wave -- and then it 's very difficult to try and spot it again , " said CNN 's Paula Hancocks , who spent 15 hours out on a search vessel Sunday . How can a modern airliner vanish ? David Molko reported from Surabaya , Indonesia . Josh Gaynor and Intan Hadidjah reported from Jakarta . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Greg Botelho and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	Two officials at Surabaya 's airport reassigned , pending investigation Records show there were fresh batteries in at least one locator beacon AirAsia 's crew got the weather report electronically , not in person
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Amid a glowing sea of candles and rallying calls for justice , a record crowd packed six football pitches at an annual vigil held in Hong Kong to commemorate the 23rd anniversary of the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown . Organizers announced the highest ever turnout of 180,000 people , while police said the figure was closer to 85,000 . By even the most conservative estimates , there were 15,000 more attendees than last year . While the vigil typically features singing , speeches , video messages and tributes , the clear highlight of this year 's event was a special appearance by Fang Zheng , a former student protester who had both his legs amputated after he was run over by an army tank during the crackdown . Wheeled onto the center of the stage , Zheng , now 46 , effusively thanked the crowd for "  twenty-three years of support . " Over June 3 to 4 , 1989 , Chinese troops used lethal force to quash a seven-week-long occupation of Beijing 's Tiananmen Square by pro-democracy protesters , who were largely comprised of students . Estimates of the numbers killed range from hundreds to thousands of protesters and soldiers . In an outpouring of compassion , a continued sense of injustice , and fears for the future , the vigil attracted a broad spectrum of mourners , ranging from people born after the crackdown to elderly residents who have dutifully come every year . The annual vigil in Hong Kong is the only public commemoration of its kind and scale allowed within China 's borders . Volunteer Nicole Lai , 7 , handed out bookmarks to passersby at the League of Social Democrats booth alongside her mother . "  Many people died so I 'm here to pay my respects , " she said . Further down Great George Street , a 27-year-old man surnamed Chow held up subversive T-shirts for sale . Although he was only four years old at the time of the crackdown , Chow said he chose to volunteer his services with his friends Monday to "  show his opposition toward the Chinese Communist Party and its disregard for the law . " Michael Pang , 17 , has attended the vigil for the past three years out of a sense of civic responsibility . "  Even though I was n't alive during June 4 , we need to take the initiative to stand up for our rights and tell our citizens that we have the responsibility to say no to the Chinese Communist Party . " The Hong Kong Federation of Students who took to the stage echoed his sentiment , declaring , "  Our pain and suffering is the same as that of our parents . " Sitting on bleachers with group of elderly men holding lighted candles in paper cones , 73-year-old Fu Kam-tin said he has been coming to the vigils nearly every year since 1989 . Fu , who emigrated from the mainland at age 12 , called the Tiananmen massacre "  the most apparent example in China 's history of the strong bullying the weak . " He says he continues to be "  very angry and unsettled by these corrupt officials who are harming our country and harming the world . " Ms. Chan Shu-ying said she still has a deep impression of attending a protest in 1989 against the crackdown alongside thousands of Hong Kongers in Happy Valley . Now 53 , Chan said , "  Coming here every year will fulfill my dream of June 4 being redressed and the democratization of China 's political system . " The bumper crowd gathered in Victoria Park amid a politically turbulent year in both Hong Kong and mainland China . Hong Kong 's new Chief Executive , Leung Chun-ying , is due to take office on the first of July after being chosen to lead the special administrative region of China . The lack of universal suffrage and uneasiness over the mainland government 's influence over local affairs have long been contentious issues in Hong Kong . Leung is perceived by some to take a hard-line approach toward public freedoms . He has been criticized in recent days for refusing to comment on the vigil and the massacre . China has also encountered multiple political scandals in the run-up to the once-in-a-decade Communist party leadership change this fall , most notably the murky corruption-cum-murder case involving disgraced Chongqing party chief Bo Xilai , and the fleeing of blind human rights activist Chen Guangcheng to the U.S. "  All problems need to be solved ; evasion is not a way out , " Chen said , in an open letter urging the Chinese government to institute democratic reforms and address the Tiananmen incident . His letter was posted to the website of the vigil 's organizer , the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements of China . During Monday 's vigil , Alliance chairman Andrew Lee Cheuk-yan took to the stage to lead the crowd in chants of "  Never forget June 4 ! " , "  Redress June 4 ! " , "  Persevere to the end ! " Lee said that more than 10,000 visitors had already passed through the temporary Tiananmen Square memorial museum in Sham Shui Po , which opened in late April . He said he hoped last night 's cash donations and T-shirt sales would help the alliance establish a permanent museum to commemorate June 4 in Hong Kong .	A record 180,000 people attend a Hong Kong vigil to commemorate 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown It 's been 23 years since troops opened fire on pro-democracy activists near the Beijing Square Highlight of vigil was the attendance of Fang Zheng , who had both legs amputated after he was run over by an army tank The vigil attracted children as well as elderly residents who have dutifully come every year
The Navy is investigating the death in Afghanistan of one of its most senior SEAL officers as an apparent suicide , a U.S. military official tells CNN . Navy Cmdr. Job W. Price , 42 , of Pottstown , Pennsylvania , died Saturday while serving as the commanding officer of SEAL Team 4 , a special warfare unit based in Virginia Beach , Virginia . The official , who has direct knowledge of the event , spoke on the condition of anonymity because the death remains under full investigation by the U.S. military . The official said the family has been notified of the death and that it is being investigated as an apparent suicide . There is no indication at this time that Price was involved in any military-related investigations or controversies , the official said . Apparently , when Price did not appear at an expected time , other military personnel went to look for him and discovered his body with an apparent gunshot wound . As the commanding officer of the team , Price oversaw more than two dozen commandos and support staff conducting counterterrorism operations in Uruzgan Province in Afghanistan , a longtime center of insurgent activity , according to a statement from the Defense Department .	A senior Navy SEAL commander apparently committed suicide in Afghanistan Leader was found by other military personnel when he failed to show up at appointed time The death of Job W. Price is still under investigation , Defense Department says
CNN  -- There 's nothing like soaking in the hot springs while soaking in the culture of a place that loves its bathing . If you 're traveling first class , why not head to Japan or Iceland to enjoy a country whose people celebrate the waters and can pinpoint their various healing properties ? If domestic travel is more your speed and budget , there are delightful natural spas to be had in the United States . And to spend even more time in nature but less in dollars , camping near a historic hot springs may be the way to go . An elegant Japanese ryokan While Japanese ryokans have traditionally served the weary traveler looking for an inn and a soak , some modern ryokans are offering a more luxurious experience . "  The finest ryokans are now very refined establishments which are the epitome of Japanese "  omotenashi , " a spirit of hospitality that takes into account all aspects of the guest 's experience , " says Japan expert Duff Trimble . One Trimble 's favorite ryokans , Bettei Senjyuan , offers more than the opportunity to rest and mingle . Located just outside of the town of Minakami , about two hours from Toyko , Senjyuan has private rooms with outdoor baths , spa treatments and public baths fed from nearby Mount Tanigawa . "  I love that Senjyuan is on its own private piece of land so it feels like a private retreat , " said Trimble , president of Wabi-Sabi Japan , a Toronto-based travel agency which customizes trips to Japan . "  I also really like the excellent variety of very well-designed rooms which , most importantly , all have a private rotenburo  outdoor hot bath  . " Senjyuan offers several different room styles , including Western-style beds . While the ryokan has an English website , travelers should be prepared for limited English . Rates start at $ 450 per night and include breakfast , a full multiple-course dinner and a room attendant . Iceland 's Blue Lagoon Spa culture dominates Iceland , where locals soak and swim in naturally heated baths and pools all over the country . The Blue Lagoon , the nation 's most famous hot spring spa , is an easy stopover because of its convenient location between the airport and the capital , Reykjavik . Icelandair offers an add-on package after landing or before departure .  Icelandair travelers on the way to another destination may stop in Iceland for up to seven nights without an additional airfare charge . If you prefer simpler and less famous hot springs , try the new Laugarvatn Fontana spa . Fontana recently opened in the village of Laugarvatn , about 50 miles from Reykjavik . To mix with the locals at their hot springs or thermal-heated swimming pools , check the "  Swimming in Iceland " website . There are about 150 thermal pools in Iceland and a similar number of natural bathing places or hot springs . Iceland 's inside and outside pools are heated , and most of the bigger facilities include a sauna , slides and one or more hot tubs , ranging in temperature from 104Â ° to 113Â ° Fahrenheit , according to Swimming in Iceland 's Robert van Spanje , whose website lists most of the natural springs and swimming pools in Iceland . Escape to the California desert Surrounded by the desert and mountains , guests can soak in the three mineral water pools at the Spring Resort and Spa in Desert Hot Springs , California , about 20 minutes from Palm Springs . "  The water is amazing , " says resort owner Maria Lease . "  The Spring Resort and Spa is located near the San Andreas Fault , and the water is actually held in place by the fault . It comes out at 170 degrees and it feels like silk . " Guests can enjoy the waters and spa services on site and head to Palm Springs for a swanky dinner experience . Get an aerial view of the desert on the Palm Springs Aerial Tramway , a 10-minute ride up the Chino Canyon cliffs to an elevation of 8,500 feet . Active travelers can explore nearby Joshua Tree National Monument , Big Morongo Canyon Preserve or Indian tribal lands . Rates range from $ 119 to $ 279 per night . Steamboat Springs , Colorado Skiers tired after a long day on the slopes can soak their tired bones at Strawberry Park Hot Springs before heading back to luxury digs at the Steamboat Grand Hotel . Those wishing for a more rustic experience can book the Caboose or other rustic cabins on site , starting at $ 70 - $ 110 per night  reservations must be made by mail  . Overnight guests must bring all food , swimsuits , seasonal gear and flashlights or headlamps . The springs are open daily , weeknights until 10 p.m. and weekends until midnight .  It 's clothing optional after dark .  Locals recommend nighttime guests bring a flashlight to see the path to the springs . A four-wheel drive vehicle is required from November 1 to May 1 for two miles leading up to the springs , but shuttle services are available . Hot springs in town Those craving a historic and affordable hot springs experience will find it at Hot Springs National Park in Arkansas , preserved in 1832 by President Andrew Jackson . The oldest of current National Park Service parks , it predates Yellowstone National Park by 40 years and the Park Service by 84 years . Dating back to 1912 , the Buckstaff Bath House offers traditional whirlpool mineral baths and other services within the boundaries of the national park . Services start at $ 30 . Gulpha Gorge Campground charges $ 10 per night for campers and $ 24 per night for hookups . No reservations are accepted at the bath house or campground .	Each room at the Senjyuan ryokan boasts a heated outdoor bath Mix with the locals at Iceland 's hot springs and thermal pools Flashlights are needed for night soaks at Strawberry Park Hot Springs
CNN  -- Serena Williams suffered the embarrassment of being knocked out in the opening round of a grand slam tournament for the first time in her illustrious career after defeat to Virginie Razzano at the French Open . The 13-time major champion lost an epic three-hour duel 4-6 7-6 6-3 to her unseeded French opponent , who suffered from cramp through most of the match . It was Williams ' 47th grand slam tournament and her earliest exit since sister Venus beat her in the second round of her first major -- the Australian Open in 1998 . Razzano , the world 111 , squandered seven match points in a final game that lasted over 20 minutes and was penalized twice for crying out in pain during a rally . Career girl : Maria Sharapova 's sweet plan for success But despite being hampered by her injury she managed to close out the game , backed by a vociferous home crowd , and shrieked in delight as she recorded the biggest victory of her career . The 29-year-old lost her fiancee and coach Stephane Vidal after a long battle with cancer prior to last year 's tournament . She will now face Dutchwoman Arantxa Rus in the second round . "  I fought until the end , " she said in a courtside interview . "  You  the crowd  gave me your energy . I 'm going have to rest . Thank you all for your support . " "  I 'm disappointed , but that 's life , things could be worse , " said Williams . "  I 've been through so much in my life . I 'm not sitting here happy . I 've got to figure out what I did wrong and not do it again . I fought until the end . " Maria Sharapova took just 48 minutes to book her place in the second round beating Romania 's Alexandra Cadantu 6-0 6-0 . The world No. 2 is seeking to complete a career slam with victory at Roland Garros -- the only major championship she is yet to win . Sharapova has only been beaten once on clay all season , in the Madrid Open final , and has taken titles in both Stuttgart and Rome leading into the tournament in Paris . And the Russian looked in merciless mood on Court Suzanne Lenglen as she set up a second round clash with Japan 's Ayumi Morita . "  Nothing is ever easy , because you have to face whoever is across the net , " Sharapova told a press conference . "  No matter how good or bad they 're playing , you still have to win that match . That was just my goal today . "  I 'm really happy with the way my preparation has been coming into this tournament . I feel like with every year I 've improved and enjoy it much more . "  Every year I learn a lot more about the game and point construction . I feel like I 'm moving a lot better than I did years previously , which has helped me a lot in the recovery process within the point . "  All of that gives me a lot of confidence for this tournament . " "  It 's been a solid year . I started the year off on a really good note . I was healthy . I had a pretty good off-season , I would say . I was practicing well . "  It has n't actually been as long as I 've wanted it to be because of the ankle , but I started off with really good , high energy . I was really positive , and it 's paying off . " Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova , the No. 4 seed , also enjoyed a comfortable passage into round two . The Czech defeated 16-year-old Australian Ashleigh Barty 6-1 6-2 in just under an hour and will face Poland 's Urszula Radwanska in the next round . The 2010 champion , Francesca Schiavone of Italy , enjoyed a 6-3 6-1 victory over Japanese veteran Kimiko Date-Krumm . Britain 's Heather Watson enjoyed a 6-2 6-4 victory over Russia 's Elena Vesnina and she will now face Germany 's No. 25 seed Julia Goerges .	Serena Williams knocked out in first round of French Open by Virginie Razzano It is the first time Williams has ever lost in the first round at a major championship Maria Sharapova beats Romanian Alexandra Cadantu 6-0 6-0 in just 48 minutes Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova beats Australia 's Ashleigh Barty 6-1 6-2
CNN  -- Zilda Arns Neumann , a Brazilian doctor and care worker dedicated to helping the people of Haiti , was among those who died in Tuesday 's devastating earthquake . She was 75 . Brazilians were shocked at the loss of Arns , who founded a well-known charity in Haiti called Children 's Pastoral . It specialized in providing education and aid to children , pregnant women , and families . The Nobel Peace Prize nominee was back in the country attending a religion conference and teaching classes to motivate leaders and volunteers of her organization , according to a statement on the Children 's Pastoral Web site . For her work in Haiti , Arns earned comparisons to India 's Mother Teresa , according to local media . Her nephew , Brazilian Sen. Flavio Arns , told the state-run Agencia Brasil news agency that her death came after she finished a speech at a church . As people were leaving , she stayed behind to speak with the pastor and was inside when the structure collapsed , he said . "  The Arns family hopes that this awakening of international solidarity will continue beyond the tragedy imposed by nature , always in defense of full dignity to people , " Flavio Arns said . Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is among dignitaries who will attend Arns ' wake Friday in Brazil , according to the Children 's Pastoral Web site . As of Thursday afternoon , Brazilian authorities had confirmed 15 Brazilians killed in the quake .	Brazilian doctor founded Haitian charity dedicated to helping women and children Nobel nominee was attending religion conference , teaching classes She was killed when church collapsed after she gave speech
An internal government memo written just days before the start of open enrollment for Obamacare warned of a "  high " security risk because of a lack of testing of the HealthCare.gov website . Related : Administration warned about site a month before launch "  Due to system readiness issues , the SCA  security control assessment  was only partly completed , " said the internal memo from the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services . "  This constitutes a risk that must be accepted and mitigated to support the Marketplace Day 1 operations . " The memo , which was provided in response to a request from the House Oversight Committee , goes on to explain that CMS would create a "  dedicated security team " to monitor the risk , conduct weekly scans and within 60 to 90 days after the website went live , "  conduct a full-scale SCA test . " Read the memo The memo did not detail the security concerns . It was written by IT officials at CMS , and was sent to and signed by the agency 's director , Marilyn Tavenner , who testified on Capitol Hill on Tuesday that she thought the website was ready to go when it began its crash-riddled rollout on October 1 . "  We had tested the website and we were comfortable with its performance , " Tavenner told lawmakers , although she added the caveat , "  we knew all along there would be , as with any new website , some individual glitches we would have to work out . " Republican lawmakers referred to the document Wednesday as they raised concerns at a House Energy and Commerce Committee grilling of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , Tavenner 's boss . Sebelius also testified that she thought the website , which has been prone to crashing , was ready to be rolled out on October 1 . She compared the early rollout to a sort of early beta test and said the system was secure because data is stored in the same systems used by the Internal Revenue Service and Department of Homeland Security . Contractors blame government for Obamacare website woes But lawmakers said the system should have been more thoroughly vetted , since it asks purchasers of health insurance to provide personal information . "  You accepted a risk on behalf of every person that used this computer that put their personal and financial information at risk because you did not even have the most basic ` end-to-end ' test on security of this system , " Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , told Sebelius . "  Amazon would never do this . ProFlowers would never do this . Kayak would never do this , " he said . CNNMoney had earlier in the week profiled an Arizona software tester who said the system was vulnerable and could be hacked . He was able to reset users ' passwords without much difficulty . But the Department of Health and Human Services told CNN that particular issue had been addressed .	Security control assessment "  was only partly completed , " it says Memo was written just days before the start of open enrollment for Obamacare Agency would create a security team to monitor the risk , conduct weekly scans , it says Lawmakers say the system should have been more thoroughly vetted
CNN  -- Twelve million people are facing a hunger crisis in the Horn of Africa , and they are in desperate need of help . The United Nations declared a famine in parts of southern Somalia , calling for a widespread international response to end the suffering . Thousands of Somalis have been fleeing the country each week in search of food , water and shelter -- many of them walking for days in the sweltering sun toward refugee camps in Kenya and Ethiopia . Nearly half a million children are at risk of dying from malnutrition and disease . Relief organizations are calling on the international community to join together to end the crisis , and they 're working to gain entrance into areas with limited humanitarian access . There are ways you can help . Save the Children is feeding underweight children , providing life-saving medical treatment , and getting clean water to remote communities in Kenya , Somalia and Ethiopia . The organization has launched The 100 Campaign . By raising $ 100 on your own or through social networks , you can feed one child for 100 days . Go online , give through the Facebook Cause page or text "  SURVIVE " to 20222 to donate $ 10 from the United States . Action Against Hunger is working to help victims in Kenya , Ethiopia , Djibouti and southern Somalia . The organization is providing treatment and medical care for acutely malnourished children , general nutritional support for children under 5 years of age , and emergency access to food , clean water and improved sanitation for vulnerable populations . To help Action Against Hunger 's efforts , text "  NOHUNGER " to 20222 to donate $ 10 from the United States or visit their website . UNICEF is asking for $ 31.8 million over the next three months for relief efforts . The money will help provide therapeutic treatment for women and children with severe malnutrition , access to clean drinking water and vaccinations to prevent deadly diseases like measles and polio . "  The earlier we act , the more children we can save . Americans are a generous people , and a little goes a long way -- just $ 10 can feed a child for 10 days , " said Caryl Stern , president of the U.S. Fund for UNICEF . To help UNICEF 's efforts , text "  FOOD " to 864233 to donate $ 10 from the United States or visit the website . Follow this link to make a donation from other countries around the world . International Medical Corps has teams on the ground in Somalia , Ethiopia and Kenya to provide food , water , hygiene , sanitation and mental health services to people in refugee camps . Visit the website to donate from various countries or text "  AFRICA " to 80888 to donate $ 10 to the group 's drought relief response from the United States . It will show up on your next mobile phone bill . In central Somalia , the International Rescue Committee is giving cash and other assistance to families whose livestock , pastures and farmland have been decimated and helping to repair boreholes and wells for those left behind . In overcrowded camps in Kenya , the group has helped establish reception centers for newcomers to receive food , health screenings and medical referrals . In Ethiopia , the organization is bringing in water and installing water-supply systems in three camps serving 82,000 refugees . Visit the website to make a donation from various countries . The United Nations World Food Programme has plans to airlift high energy biscuits and highly nutritious supplementary foods for children and pregnant or nursing mothers into southern Somalia . Donations can be made from various countries online or via text . To donate $ 10 from the United States , text "  AID " to 27722 ; to donate $ 5 from Canada , text "  RELIEF " to 45678 ; to donate # 3 from the United Kingdom text "  AID " to 70303 . World Vision is working to regain safe humanitarian access in south central Somalia where millions of children are in urgent need of food and assistance . The organization continues to implement programs in Somaliland and affected areas in Puntland . For families fleeing the drought , World Vision is providing nutrition supplements to malnourished children and improving healthcare and sanitation . To donate to relief efforts from the United States , visit the website , call 1-888-56-CHILD or text "  4AFRICA " to 20222 to donate $ 10 . Oxfam America is responding to the crisis by providing life-saving water , sanitation services , food and money . The organization aims to reach 3 million people , including 700,000 in Ethiopia , 1.3 million in Kenya , and 500,000 in Somalia . Visit their website to donate from various countries . Staff members from Catholic Relief Services are visiting a refugee camp in Dadaab in eastern Kenya and in surrounding communities that are hosting refugees . Workers are on the ground determining the level of food , water and sanitation needs . In Ethiopia , the group is leading a Joint Emergency Operational Plan that is feeding more than 400,000 people . Visit their website to make a donation from around the world or call 1-800-736-3467 in the U.S. Mercy Corps has teams in Ethiopia , Somalia and Kenya distributing food and water and expanding critical relief efforts . The group is currently on the ground helping more than 1 million people in the region survive . Visit the website to make a donation from various countries or call 1-800-852-2100 from the United States . ShelterBox , which provides tents and essential supplies to people who have been displaced after disasters , has a response team in Ethiopia and a second team on the way to Kenya . The teams will be working with the Norwegian Refugee Council and Rotarians to establish how they can be of assistance during the crisis . To help , visit the website to donate from various countries or text "  SHELTER " to 20222 from the U.S. for a one-time $ 10 donation . Location and time specific donations can not be accepted . AmeriCares is preparing to send urgently needed medical aid to areas of East Africa . The organization will ship medicine and supplies to help medical teams serving refugees in Mogadishu . Visit the website to make a donation from various countries or call 1-800-486-HELP from the United States . Doctors Without Borders is operating nine medical-nutritional programs in south-central Somalia . These programs , along with three projects in refugee camps in Kenya and Ethiopia , provide thousands of medical consultations each day . Teams are treating more than 10,000 severely malnourished children . Donations can be made online in the U.S. and by following this link in other countries . Samaritan 's Purse is feeding 2,100 families in Wajir and Garissa counties , providing a supplemental nutrition program for 1,700 school children and supplying porridge and health care to 400 children under 5 years old in Garissa . The group is also drilling boreholes in the region to supply water in hard hit communities . Visit the website to make a donation from the United States and other countries . The UNHCR - The UN Refugee Agency distributed 2,500 emergency assistance packages to 15,000 people in southwest Mogadishu with plans to deliver 7,500 more . Each package contains a tarpaulin , three blankets , a sleeping mat , two jerry cans , a kitchen set and utensils . The UNHCR is also opening two more camps to house , clothe and care for the swelling influx of refugees . Visit the USA for UNHCR to make a donation from the United States or go to the UNHCR 's main website to donate from other countries . CARE is reaching a million people affected by the food crisis in Kenya , Ethiopia and Somalia and working to provide emergency relief to another million . The organization is providing food , water and sanitation facilities in Ethiopia . In Somalia , CARE is rehabilitating water pans and shallow wells and operating cash-for-work programs . Visit the website to make a donation from various countries . Relief International provides emergency services in conflict-affected areas in East African countries . The organization is on the ground providing food to hungry families and essential nutrition to malnourished children through feeding centers . Go online to donate to the Horn of Africa : 2011 Famine Response fund or call 1-800-573-3332 from the United States . ChildFund International is helping to provide food , water and basic health services to victims in Kenya and Ethiopia . The organization is focusing on newborns and children up to 5 years old due to their vulnerability and the lifelong implications of inadequate food intake . To make a donation , visit the website , call 1-800-776-6767 or text "  RESPOND " to 90999 and donate $ 10 to drought relief efforts from the United States . Red Cross and Red Crescent teams are working across the Horn of Africa . In addition to offering medical treatments , food and water , they are helping families rebuild their livelihoods . The Ethiopian Red Cross Society is giving camels to families for milk production . Other teams are distributing seeds , farming tools , and irrigation equipment . The American Red Cross pledged up to $ 1 million to help those affected by the famine . Go online to donate from the United States , or visit the international website to make a donation from other countries . Islamic Relief Worldwide is helping at-risk and affected people across East Africa meet their needs for food , shelter and water . Islamic Relief delivered new water pumps and provided access to safe water to more than 200,000 people . The organization is also providing health and nutrition services for children and displaced people . To help with their efforts , visit Islamic Relief USA to donate from the United States or visit Islamic Relief Worldwide to donate from other countries . World Relief is helping people in northern Kenya who are malnourished and who have lost livelihoods as a result of depleted food and water resources . The organization is expanding its programs to drill wells and provide food and nutritional training . Visit the website to make a donation from various countries . World Concern is on the ground in Somalia distributing aid and medical care to thousands of refugees . Aid workers are providing food and water , emergency medical rations , and sanitation and hygiene to refugees as they trek more than 400 kilometers to refugee camps . Donations can be made online or by calling 1-866-530-LIFE from the United States . Operation USA is working to assess unmet needs on the ground , with its initial response focusing on water resource needs in Kenya 's Dadaab refugee camps . Donations can be made online , by phone at 1-800-678-7255 or by texting "  AID " to 50555 to donate $ 10 from the United States .	Twelve million people are facing a hunger crisis in East Africa The United Nations warns that the crisis could spread Relief organizations are calling on the international community to join together to end the crisis If you want to help , donations can be as simple as sending a text
CNN  -- "  Build a biscuit , put a sheepdog on top , " @sammsy posted to Twitter Thursday morning . It could be dismissed as just another nonsensical tweet , one of many that fill the social media space . But a closer look reveals the post is followed by a hashtag -- #surrenderyoursay -- and a link to www.surrenderyoursay.com . The site is home to a new project from the Tourette Syndrome Foundation of Canada . "  Build a biscuit , put a sheepdog on top " is actually a verbal tic , and it 's been posted to @sammsy 's feed as part of project designed to raise awareness about Tourette Syndrome . Users surrendered their Twitter feeds to the project for 24 hours -- sign-up for the project closed late Thursday . During that time , a program posted tweets containing real-life verbal tics , sent to the foundation from people who have Tourette Syndrome . These could be anything from random sounds like "  ins ins ins " to swear words to illogical sentences . "  We were trying to think of a way to get people to experience Tourette Syndrome , " art director Rachel Kennedy said . "  Twitter is sort of like your online voice ... you 're judged on the things you are saying . " People with Tourette Syndrome suffer from involuntary tics , which can be either verbal or physical . Physical tics may include jumping or twitching . People with the syndrome describe a tic like a sneeze -- impossible to hold in without extreme discomfort . Watch : ` American Idol ' finalist James Durbin talks about life with Asperger and Tourette Syndrome Many know it only as the "  swearing disease , " but only about 10 % of people with Tourette Syndrome swear , says Cathy Wylie , president of the Tourette Syndrome Foundation of Canada . "  The people who have Tourette are really the same as the rest of us , with just these tics added in , " Wylie said . "  It does n't affect anything else in their life . " Wylie 's son was diagnosed with Tourette Syndrome 20 years ago . Back then there was n't a lot of information available for families . Over time , awareness has increased , but it 's still not a well-understood condition , Wylie says . "  People looked at him like , ` You should behave -- why are you doing that ? ' " she remembers . "  That 's difficult when that 's something you have no control over . " It 's unknown exactly how many children living in the United States or Canada have Tourette Syndrome . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that three of every 1,000 American children have been diagnosed ; other estimates are slightly higher . What is known is that males are three times more likely to suffer than females , and that white children are diagnosed more often than Hispanic or non-Hispanic black children , according to the CDC . People with Tourette Syndrome usually have an associated disorder as well , Wylie said , such as attention deficit disorder or obsessive-compulsive disorder . Anxiety , sleep problems and learning disabilities are also common . Users did not have to give the project their password or account information , and they were still able to log in and tweet during the 24-hour period . The additional tweets -- or tics -- happened at random intervals . More than 8,900 people agreed to give up their Twitter feeds to Surrender Your Say . Many signed up before the project launched at 9 a.m. ET on Wednesday . People were very apprehensive about losing control of their online presence , co-executive creative director Helen Pak said . "  They say , ` I 'm fearful to surrender for 24 hours and there are people who live with this all the time ? ' " For more information about Tourette Syndrome visit SurrenderYourSay.com .	The Surrender Your Say project seeks to raise awareness about Tourette Syndrome Twitters users gave up control of their feeds to the project for 24 hours During that time a program posted real verbal tics to Twitter , mimicking the syndrome
Beijing , China  CNN  -- When 23-year-old magazine editor Liu Xinda looked to make his first investment in 2012 , he considered the stock market . Many Chinese investors have jumped on the skyrocketing property market , but it was too rich for Liu 's blood . Instead he decided to invest in bitcoin . "  I believed in bitcoin as a more secure way to store the value than renminbi , " Liu said , referring to China 's currency . "  I trusted in its mechanisms . " Liu 's trust paid off -- he purchased bitcoin when it was trading at 60 yuan  U.S. $ 9.85  on the Chinese market and sold when it was trading at 700 yuan  $ 115  in June . Last week , bitcoin was trading at 7,000 yuan  $ 1,149  . With bitcoin now reaching prices equivalent to an ounce of gold , more investors are turning toward the digital currency for a return on investment . And Chinese investors seeking similar investment success like Liu are feeding the bitcoin frenzy . More than a third of the world 's bitcoin transactions now flow through China 's largest bitcoin trading website BTC China , according to bitcoin data websites . China has surpassed Japan 's Mt.Gox and Europe 's BitStamp , reaching 100,000 Bitcoins in daily trading volumes , or more than 400 million yuan  U.S. $ 65.7 million  in daily transactions . Infographic : What is bitcoin ? "  We think it 's because bitcoin presents itself as a new asset class , albeit digital in nature . And given China is a country with strong practice of savings , " Bobby Lee , CEO and co-founder of BTC China , told CNN . "  It is quite understandable that the Chinese would want to explore bitcoins as yet another potential asset class for investing some of their savings . " In recent years China has been pushing to internationalize the yuan , adding more value to the once tightly controlled currency on international markets . But despite the changes , controls mean individuals still find it difficult to invest in assets outside China . As a result , more Chinese are looking to invest in alternative assets like bitcoin . Trading in the digital currency has been extremely volatile . Early in November the currency rose to what was then an all-time high of $ 900 earlier , only to fall back to $ 500 in the span of 28 hours . By last Friday , it was trading as high as $ 1,242 . Bitcoin worth almost as much as gold "  Chinese interest could play a huge role in turning bitcoin into the first trillion dollar non-fiat currency , " Stan Stalnaker -- founding director of Hub Culture and the Ven , an asset-backed Internet reserve currency -- recently wrote in a CNNMoney opinion piece . "  Ironically , it is the United States , the ` free market ' financial heavyweight in the world , that finds itself moving slowly to figure out how to adopt bitcoin , " he wrote . "  Meanwhile , China is proving to be a leading player in this 21st century currency . " However , digital currencies are not officially recognized as legitimate in China . In 2009 , the government restricted the use of QQ coin , a popular virtual currency created by tech tycoon Tencent , to only virtual products . Now Bitcoin faces a similar move . China 's central bank warned late on Thursday that Bitcoin carries substantial risks and issued new rules to prohibit financial institutions from dealing in the digital currency . Ron Paul : Bitcoin could ` destroy the dollar ' Under the new regulation , financial institutions in China are banned from trading , underwriting or offering insurance in bitcoin . In addition , websites in China that provide trading services are required to report investors ' identities to regulators and take steps to prohibit money laundering . Following the central bank 's announcement , the bitcoin price on the Chinese market shrunk by more than 20 % and is still in decline . While the central bank did not outlaw or prohibit individuals from owning bitcoin , the guidelines specify that it is not to be considered a currency . With his past gains , Liu is happy to besitting out the current bitcoin boom and bust . "  The ongoing trend is nothing more than a hype to attract geeks , " he said . "  It 's still very hard to spend . And I 'm not investing more in bitcoin until I can use it to buy things from Taobao and Amazon . " "  These are speculators that do n't have faith in Bitcoin 's value . They 'll bailout from the market immediately after they suffer a deficit , " he added .	NEW : Chinese authorities crack down on bitcoin Analysts : Bitcoin value is being fueled by voracious Chinese investors A third of world 's transactions now flow through China 's largest bitcoin trading website
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- For years , China has been pumping billions of dollars across Africa to build large-scale infrastructure projects and grant cheap loans in exchange for access to the continent 's natural resources and growing markets . And lately , along with its economic and political engagements , Beijing has also been making significant strides in expanding its media engagements in Africa . In January , the Chinese Central Television  CCTV  , a state-owned news behemoth with bureaus all over the world , chose the Kenyan capital of Nairobi as the location of its first broadcast hub outside its Beijing headquarters . Analysts say it 's all part of efforts to win the hearts and minds of people in the continent and create a more fertile business environment . "  CCTV 's expansion in Africa is mainly one step of this whole national engine into Africa , " says analyst Jinghao Lu of Frontier Advisory . "  China 's investment in Africa has increased several folds in the last several years and the trade between China and the whole continent has reached $ 166 billion , so China really has a very significant show up at this continent . " Read related : Is the West losing out to China in Africa ? Over the last decade , China , Africa 's largest trade partner , has quietly invested significant sums in building communications infrastructure across Africa , providing technical upgrades for state broadcasters and training journalists from across the continent . At the same time it has been rapidly expanding its presence on the continent 's media landscape . Xinhua , China 's state-run news agency , is leading Beijing 's inroads with more than 20 bureaus in the continent . In 2008 , it launched the China African News Service while in April last year it teamed up with telecommunications firm Safaricom to start a mobile newspaper in Kenya . And now , China 's media strategy in Africa has taken a step further by providing customer-oriented news offerings and poaching some of the best journalistic talents to bring African news to the continent and to the world . Mark Masaai , the Kenyan anchor of CCTV 's flagship show "  Africa Live , " says the mission of his program is to change the narrative about Africa . "  Of course , it goes without saying , it 's war , it is about hunger , we have all of that , yes , but tilt the scale and if you can show the potential and the solution to these and not just point out blatantly the bad side , the problems , the crises that we have , " he says from the state-of-the-art CCTV studios in Nairobi . Read related : The Africans looking to make it in China Pang Xinhua , managing editor of CCTV , says existing coverage is often one-sided . "  We have the news of what is happening in Africa . We tell a positive story of African people , " he says . But analysts say that CCTV 's expansion in Africa is a way for Beijing to change the narrative of China 's involvement in Africa from one of exploitation to one of opportunity -- China 's deepening engagement with Africa is often portrayed as pillaging the resource-rich continent , giving very little in return . For Yu-Shan Wu , a researcher at the South African Institute of International Affairs , the efforts by the Chinese state-owned media to increase their influence in Africa and other parts of the developing world are part of a bigger soft power drive . Such initiatives , she says , are aimed at building a positive image in areas where Beijing is economically and politically active . "  China is actively introducing its culture and values , and distributing favorable images through its media to achieve its goals of reducing fears of its military strength , developing closer relations with developing nations and expanding its international influence , " Wu wrote in "  The Rise of China 's State-Led Media Dynasty in Africa " paper , published in June . Read related : Asian interest means Africa needs new economic vision The establishment of Nairobi 's CCTV hub , media analysts say , is a way of challenging negative perceptions and make investment possibilities seem more attractive . "  There 's no doubt that a Kenya office being set up shows a lot about China 's interest to also spread its own voice around the world to maybe counter what the Western media has promoted about China , " says Lu . But for that voice to be heard , CCTV 's journalists know that they need credibility . Pang acknowledges that "  CCTV is media by the Chinese government " but says that says that there is no censorship from Beijing . He points to the broadcaster 's editorial board , which is dominated by Kenyans who make most of the decisions on the coverage . Read related : Why Asian giants scent opportunity in Africa But Lu says that China 's record of media control at home signals that Beijing will still have a say on what is being broadcast by CCTV Africa . "  I still believe the state will play a large role in selecting what information will be shown on TV , " he says . "  It has been done in China for a long time . " For Masaai , It is a given that he ca n't say anything that is damning to the Chinese government . But the CCTV anchor is quick to point out that at his previous Kenyan employer , certain subjects were also off-limits . He says that CCTV 's expansion is a pioneering project worth standing up to . "  In the bid to compete with the other big headers and big shots in the international sphere , they have to also go as far as the others are going . Of course , there are limits , yes . And I made amends with that . " Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	China has been stepping up its media presence in Africa The state-owned CCTV has opened a broadcast hub in the Kenyan capital of Nairobi "  We tell the positive story of African people , " says CCTV 's managing editor Analysts say China is using media to change the narrative of its involvement in the continent
EW.com  -- "  The Departed " actress Vera Farmiga has been cast as one of the most notorious mothers in movie history . She joins A&E 's "  Bates Motel , " a prequel to the 1960 Alfred Hitchcock film . " -LSB- Farmiga -RSB- is a phenomenal talent who has demonstrated incredible range and intelligence in a number of landmark film roles , and we could n't be more excited to have her join our project , " executive producer Carlton Cuse said . Robin Roberts ' ` GMA ' med leave to begin The role 's official description downplays Mrs. Bates ' abusive character , who twists her son into a serial killer of women : "  Mother of young Norman Bates . She 's complicated , passionate , and compelling , Norma Louise is a smart , multidimensional character who is always capable of surprising us . " The role of Norman has n't yet been cast .  Never noticed this before , the similarity of their names -- Norma and Norman Bates -- nice  . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Departed " actress Vera Farmiga has been cast in A&E 's "  Bates Motel " "  Bates Motel " is a prequel to the 1960 Alfred Hitchcock film Mrs. Bates is an abusive character who twists her son into a serial killer of women
Mental Floss.com  -- With the season of backyard barbecues upon us , we thought you could use a history lesson on everyone 's favorite lawn ornament . From the plastic bird 's birth to its modern perch atop the pyramid of campy Americana , here 's the quick-and-dirty on the hot pink queen of kitsch . Birth of a national icon Perhaps not shockingly , the pink flamingo lawn ornament was invented in the same decade that polyester pants , pink washing machines , vinyl wallpaper and Naugahyde lounge chairs were cool . Flamingo fans worldwide owe their thanks to a man named Don Featherstone a one-time employee of a plastics company called Union Products , who designed the first pink flamingo lawn ornament in 1957 . When they first hit stores , the blushing birds cost $ 2.76 a pair and were an immediate hit in working-class subdivisions from the Redwood Forest to the Gulfstream waters . This bird was made for you and me . A  brief  fall from grace The 1960s were a decade of backlash against conformity , false experience , and all things Parental -- including , evidently , Mom and Dad 's lawn décor . Hippies rallied against the plastics industry , cultural critics chastised all things "  un-natural , " and home and garden magazines pleaded with people to abandon the gnomes , lawn jockeys and flamingos of yesteryear in favor of classier , more natural yard décor . By 1970 , even Sears had stopped selling the pink flamingo , replacing the gaping hole in their garden department with natural-looking fountains and rocks , according to the historian Jennifer Price . Her book , "  Flight Maps "  Basic Books , 1999  , has a chapter on the plastic flamingo . It 's a must-read for flamingo aficionados . Mental Floss.com : Itsy-bitsy bikini trivia And she 's back ! Happily for flamingo fans , the '70s were a carnival of schlock , and by the early part of the decade , the pink flamingo had become so un-cool , it was cool again -- this time as a self-conscious symbol of rebellion , outrageousness and all things Bad Taste . By the time John Waters ' movie , Pink Flamingos , hit theaters in 1972 , the bird had fully transitioned to the realm of ironic kitsch . Gay bars used them as mascots , transvestites sported them on earrings and platform pumps , and in 1979 , students from the University of Wisconsin-Madison planted 1,008 of the two-legged creatures in the grass in front of the dean 's office , earning them -- and the bird -- a place in Wisconsin 's State Historical Society . Mental Floss.com : Netflix envelope art Pink is the new art By the 1980s , the pink flamingo had made the ultimate giant leap for mankind : it had , like Andy Warhol 's Campbell 's Soup cans , become art . In 1987 , the governor of Massachusetts proclaimed the plastic bird "  an essential contribution to American folk art , " Price wrote , and new clubs like the Flamingo Fanciers of America and the International Society for the Preservation of Pink Lawn Flamingos sprang into existence in time to celebrate the bird 's thirtieth birthday . In 1998 , the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles began to sell plastic pink flamingos in its bookstore for $ 19 a set . Long live the Queen of Camp In 2009 , in honor of the students ' 1979 prank , the Madison , Wisconsin , city council named the plastic pink flamingo the official bird of the city . And the esteemed lawn ornament lives on in Americana infamy , lending its name to bars , restaurants , casinos and hotels from sea to shining sea . Mental Floss.com : Way more than you want to know about Hello Kitty For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Don Featherstone , a plastics company employee , designed the first lawn flamingo in 1957 Garden magazines urged homeowners to display more classy ornaments in the 60s In '70s , flamingos came back as a self-conscious symbol of rebellion In 1979 , University of Wisconsin students planted 1,008 flamingos in front of the dean 's office
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- The Vatican says it has ordered a controversial bishop who denies the Holocaust to "  distance himself " from his views "  in an absolutely unequivocal and public manner . " In the interview , Bishop Williamson denied the Nazis had used gas chambers at concentration camps . The Vatican has been under fire since Pope Benedict XVI lifted the excommunication of Bishop Richard Williamson almost two weeks ago , days after Swedish Public Television broadcast an interview in which Williamson said the Nazis had not systematically murdered 6 million Jews during World War II . Israel Wednesday blasted the rehabilitation of Williamson . "  The reinstatement of a Holocaust denier by the Holy See offends every Jew , in Israel and around the world , and humiliates the memory of all Holocaust victims and survivors , " the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a statement . It said the Church 's distancing itself from Williamson 's position was "  the first step in the right direction " and said it expected "  more explicit and unequivocal decisions and statements on this issue . " Israel 's statement appears to have been made before the Vatican 's secretary of state , Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , said Williamson would not be allowed to perform priestly functions if he did not recant . Williamson 's position on the Holocaust is "  absolutely unacceptable and firmly rejected by the Pope , " Bertone said . He added that Williamson 's views on the Holocaust "  were unknown to the Holy Father at the time of the excommunication 's remission . " Williamson was rehabilitated on January 21 along with three other members of the ultra-conservative Society of Saint Pius X . The move was announced three days later . Bertone 's order comes only two days after he declared the matter "  closed . " "  The Society of Saint Pius X has distanced itself from its bishop and apologized to the pope for this embarrassing incident . The pope spoke clearly on Wednesday  January 28  . I think the question can be considered closed , " Bertone , said , according the Catholic daily Avvenire Tuesday . But on Tuesday , German Chancellor Angela Merkel demanded that the pope firmly reject denial of the Holocaust . Earlier on Wednesday , a German district attorney said he had launched a criminal investigation into Williamson 's remarks . "  I believe that the historical evidence is strongly against -- is hugely against -- 6 million Jews having been deliberately gassed in gas chambers as a deliberate policy of Adolf Hitler , " Williamson said in the Swedish interview , which also appeared on various Web sites after broadcast . "  I believe there were no gas chambers . " Regensburg District Attorney Guenther Ruckdaeschel said authorities were investigating whether the remarks can be considered "  inciting racial hatred . " Denying the Holocaust is a crime in Germany , punishable by up to five years in prison . American Jewish leaders have also expressed outrage that Williamson , who was excommunicated in 1988 , was welcomed back to the church days after the interview . Williamson and three other bishops who belong to the Society of Saint Pius X were excommunicated by Pope John Paul II in 1988 . The society was founded by Archbishop Marcel Lefebrve , who rebelled against the Vatican 's modernizing reforms in the 1960s , and who consecrated the men in unsanctioned ceremonies . Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said when the controversy erupted that the Vatican 's decision to accept Williamson was part of its desire to normalize relations with the ultra-conservative group , and had nothing to do with the bishop 's personal views . Ruckdaeschel decided to launch his investigation in Regensburg because the Williamson interview was conducted at a seminar of the Society of Saint Pius X , of which Williamson is a member , in the nearby town of Zaitzkofen . Ruckdaeschel told CNN that a legal representative for Williamson contacted him and said the bishop denied the allegations . Williamson apologized last week for the "  distress " his remarks caused the pope , but did not retract them . According to the legal representative 's account , Williamson had told the Swedish reporters he did not want the interview aired outside Sweden -- and therefore , the remarks would not fall under German criminal law . According to the German criminal code , comments glorifying or denying crimes committed by the Nazis , or National Socialists , are a crime only if they are made publicly . Ruckdaeschel says he will attempt to question the two Swedish reporters who conducted the interview . He said it was unlikely Williamson would have to appear in court because he is currently in Argentina , but the bishop may be required to submit a written statement in the case . The pope -- who was born in Germany and was a child during the Nazi period -- rejected Holocaust denial in public statements on January 28 . After his 14th birthday in 1941 , Benedict -- then called Joseph Ratzinger -- was forced along with the rest of his class in Bavaria , southern Germany , to join the Hitler Youth . However his biographer John Allen Jr. , said Ratzinger 's family was strongly anti-Nazi . CNN 's Hada Messia and Alessio Vinci in Rome and Frederik Pleitgen in Berlin contributed to this report .	Vatican orders bishop who denies Holocaust to "  distance himself " from views German police launch criminal probe into Bishop Richard Williamson Williamson denied Nazis intentionally murdered 6 million Jews . Pope recently rehabilitated Williamson , who was excommunicated in 1988
French President Francois Hollande is visiting Guinea on Friday in a direct show of support for the West African nation as it battles the deadly Ebola virus . Hollande has been accompanied on the one-day trip by a delegation including the French health minister and the head of the Red Cross in France . While in Guinea , Hollande will meet with the country 's leaders , visit medical facilities and hold a round-table discussion with people directly involved in fighting the disease . He will also pay tribute to the contribution of French medical workers in Guinea . This week , the World Health Organization said the spread of the virus appeared to have stabilized in Guinea , an encouraging development . In a briefing to journalists ahead of the trip , the presidential office said Hollande wanted to take stock of the efforts being made to combat Ebola , not just in Guinea but around the world . By going there , he hopes to show solidarity with Guinea and its neighbors and send the world a message about not stigmatizing countries affected by Ebola . In October , Hollande announced a comprehensive plan to fight the disease in France and West Africa , including 100 million euros for treatment and prevention efforts . France has already built one treatment center in Guinea and is in the process of building two more . Two training centers for caregivers are also being built in the Conakry area . As of Sunday , there had been 1,260 deaths in Guinea out of 2,134 confirmed , probable or suspected cases of Ebola , the WHO said in an update Wednesday . In total , 5,689 people have died from the Ebola virus , and there have been 15,935 cases in eight countries since the outbreak began . Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone remain by far the worst-affected countries . They reported 600 new cases in the week ending Sunday , with 385 of those in Sierra Leone . "  Case incidence is stable in Guinea , stable or declining in Liberia , but may still be increasing in Sierra Leone , " the WHO said . The WHO update also warned that cases and deaths continue to be under-reported in this outbreak . Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone have recorded 15,901 cases and 5,674 deaths attributed to the virus since the beginning of the outbreak .	French President Francois Hollande visits Guinea to show his solidarity and support He 'll meet with Guinea 's leaders and health workers involved in the fight against Ebola France has built an Ebola treatment center in Guinea and is building two more Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia have been at the center of this Ebola outbreak
CNN  -- They were there for Michael Jackson . Crowds rushed into the memorial service before it started and walked slowly out when it ended . They were celebrities . Motown founder Berry Gordy came . So did singer and songwriter Smokey Robinson . Diana Ross sent her wishes , as did Nelson Mandela . They were fans -- two girls from Canada who were given their tickets by a complete stranger . A pair of men who wanted to fulfill a Mexican tradition by distributing memorial ribbons . A woman who wore a dress laden with Jackson buttons . They cheered as his golden casket was wheeled out to a brightly lit spot below center stage . They cried as Lionel Richie sang "  Jesus Is Love . " And when Gordy called him "  the greatest entertainer who ever lived , " they rose for a standing ovation . Photos : Stars honor Michael Jackson " The people came to say goodbye to Michael Jackson . At Los Angeles ' Staples Center on Tuesday , fans gathered by the thousands for the memorial service . Some had received one of the 17,000 "  golden tickets , " the free passes given away after an online lottery for which 1.6 million people registered . Go inside the memorial service " Others came ticketless , simply to be a part of the tribute to the "  King of Pop , " who died June 25 just before a planned series of concerts titled "  This Is It . " The atmosphere was peaceful , almost festive . Police had ringed a perimeter around the center and adjacent Nokia Theatre with barricades , but crowds were lighter than expected -- perhaps because authorities appealed to people to watch the event on TV at home . The mood was buoyant among groups of eager mourners who gathered around cell phones to watch mobile video of the event . One ticketless fan , Deonerae Minter , said he showed up to get a glimpse of the funeral procession and to be a part of the event "  instead of just watching it on TV . " Chu Nguyen and Eriko Nakayama both came dressed in black in honor of the occasion . "  It 's for him , just to be respectful , " said Nguyen of his black suit and tie . "  We feel like it 's a real privilege for us to be here , " Nakayama said . A young girl , clearly born long after Jackson 's 1980s "  Thriller " album , sported the singer 's trademark sequined glove , sunglasses and a gray hat . Inside the Staples Center , the audience responded to the memorial service 's rich , spiritual atmosphere . One man raised his hand during Richie 's performance of "  Jesus Is Love , " as if he were in church . A woman , who said she had traveled from France , shouted , "  Michael , j' taime " -- "  Michael , I love you . " Another person yelled , "  long live the king . " Some raised their voices : Crowds outside the Staples Center yelled "  Michael Jackson ! Michael Jackson ! " Some hushed them : Many gasped in heartbreak when Usher , after performing the Jackson song "  Gone Too Soon , " knelt to pay his respects to Katherine Jackson , the entertainer 's mother , and the family . Some let their music do the talking -- Stevie Wonder performed "  Never Dreamed You 'd Leave in Summer , " while John Mayer did an alternately gentle , alternately soaring "  Human Nature . " Others offered humble stretches of silence as Jackson 's picture was shown on a giant screen above the stage . Just before the event 's conclusion , Kenny Ortega , director of Jackson 's "  This Is It " concerts , said it was only fitting to have the service at the Staples Center , where Jackson had been rehearsing for the London shows . "  We knew we had to invite the world to join us here in Michael 's house , " he said . And the world was there . CNN 's Jacque Wilson , Paul Chase and Thom Patterson contributed to this report .	Fans came out by thousands to pay tribute to Michael Jackson Stevie Wonder , John Mayer give emotional performances Director Kenny Ortega : "  We had to invite the world to join us here in Michael 's house " One fan : "  I started crying . It was really good "
Twenty-year-old Cherise Peters brims with ambition . Her positive attitude and unwavering determination to earn a doctorate in the medical field is unusual for a woman who was homeless just this past year . Peters , like many homeless young people , had been living with abuse and violence at home , she says . She turned to the streets as a way out . "  As soon as I started living on the streets , I felt like it should stop because I had nothing . I wanted to get a job . I had no documents . I was incognito to the world . " One out of 45 children experience some form of homelessness each year , according to the National Center on Family Homelessness . Many have aged out of foster care or have been victimized by sex trafficking or have simply been abandoned . Peters says she spent about eight months living on the streets of New York with a boyfriend who turned out to be wrecking her life . "  I would tell him , ` We have to get out of the streets ' and he 's like , ` I 'm comfortable . We found a bed . ' We should n't be comfortable -- we are outside . " She also dropped out of high school when she ran away . After eight months , something had to give . Eventually she dumped the boyfriend and found refuge at the Covenant House . Covenant House International has served over a million homeless youth in the United States , Canada and Latin America as a bridge from poverty to opportunity , according to their own statistics . Besides providing basic needs like food , shelter and immediate health services , the organization tries to prepare homeless kids to live successful and independent lives . "  There are so many programs they have here and offer that there is no excuse why you ca n't be more than what you were when you got here , " Peters says . Peters is a resident in their long term transitional living program , Rights of Passage . The program trains at risk kids to find and keep a job , save money , pay bills on time , cook healthy meals and clean . It also requires them to turn over a part of their salary to the Covenant House to be doled out at the end of their stay into a savings account . President and CEO , Kevin Ryan is inspired by the transformation he sees every day in his residents . "  The reward of this work at Covenant House is watching kids claim their place in the universe : their first graduation , first apartment , first great report card -- all of those moments of them claiming their dignity . " Peters currently is training to become a medical assistant . She is also working to complete high school and start college . "  No one is hungrier to prove themselves than a homeless young person that gets that first break , " Ryan says . Ryan wants to transform the sense of rejection and despair that can come from homelessness into the approval and trust earned in a nurturing environment like Covenant House . "  The least interesting thing about these kids is that they 're homeless . They are actors and artists and poets and teachers and students and interns . So many of them are going to college or working really hard to graduate from high school . They 're striving . They 're enduring . They 're healing . They 're rising . " Donate to Covenant House .	1 in 45 U.S. children experience some form of homelessness each year Covenant House Intl has served over 1 million homeless youth in the U.S. , Canada and Latin America Rights Of Passage program trains residents to keep a job , save money , cook and clean Covenant House president and CEO , Kevin Ryan says "  claiming dignity " is key
Jackson , Mississippi  CNN  -- LaShawn Traylor was rushed to the hospital as Hurricane Katrina was carving its way through South Florida on August 25 , 2005 . She could n't breathe and she was seven months pregnant . Doctors told her she had an enlarged heart and needed an emergency Cesarean section or Traylor and her baby would die . Lorenzo Traylor was born weighing 2 pounds , 11 ounces . But LaShawn Traylor slipped into a medically induced coma and was put on a ventilator inside Methodist Hospital in east New Orleans , Louisiana , not far from the city 's Lower 9th Ward . Read about another mother 's separation story As she lay in the coma , Hurricane Katrina became a monster storm and the pleas for New Orleans residents to evacuate got louder . Lionel Traylor decided he and his wife 's four other children would drive to Jackson , Mississippi for a few days . "  I left a picture of Lorenzo on her chest and kissed her goodbye . I thought we 'd be back in a few days , " Lionel Traylor said . Three days later , LaShawn Traylor emerged from the coma , but she was alone . On August 28 , 2005 , then-New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin issued a mandatory evacuation of the city . Nurses told Traylor her premature newborn was taken to another hospital for better care . This was the beginning of Traylor 's Katrina ordeal , a separation that would take months to overcome . "  When I woke up they said the storm was coming , but it was sunny outside , " said Traylor . "  I could n't imagine how serious it was . " The next part of the story is well documented . The storm came , the levees broke and New Orleans flooded . The bottom floors of Methodist Hospital filled with water . There was no escape for Traylor and hundreds of other patients . "  It was horrific ; it was chaotic . It was something out of a horror movie , " she said . The scene inside Methodist Hospital deteriorated with every passing hour . Without power , patients on ventilators were dying . Doctors and nurses were using their hands to keep the ventilator pumps going and patients alive . Food and water was dwindling . "  I thought I was going to die , " Traylor said . "  It was pitch dark and it was really scary . " And in the midst of all this , Traylor could n't stop thinking about her baby boy . She had n't even had a chance to hold him or call him by his new name , Lorenzo . She 'd been told that Lorenzo was taken to Children 's Hospital . But if her world was collapsing what was happening to Lorenzo , she thought to herself . As more time passed she feared the worst . "  I thought Lorenzo was dead already , " Traylor said . "  I thought who in the world is going to keep up with a 2-pound baby during times like this . " Two days after the storm , helicopters started landing on the rooftop of Methodist Hospital to evacuate patients . Traylor says she was airlifted and dropped off on a bridge on the western edge of New Orleans . She spent the next 18 hours sitting under a bridge , still recovering from the delivery , waiting for help . LaShawn Traylor says , "  a nurse told me she did n't think I was going to make it . " Dehydration was taking its toll . On September 1 help arrived in the form of a bus ride to the New Orleans airport and a seat on an airplane out of town . When she arrived at the airport , I was there reporting on the evacuation efforts . Traylor was in a line of female patients evacuated from the Methodist Hospital maternity ward . All the other mothers had newborn babies in their arms , LaShawn Traylor was only holding Polaroid pictures of Lorenzo . She approached me and said , "  I do n't know where my baby is . I 'm looking for my baby . " It was a rushed interview , the moment so chaotic that I only had time to get a few basic facts . But moments later we broadcast her story , and Traylor and the picture of her baby boy were loaded onto a plane bound for Texas . "  All they told us is you need to get out of the city . I did n't want to leave the city without knowing where my baby was ; I just thought that was weird , " Traylor said . A friend of Traylor saw the interview and relayed word to her husband , who had now gone six days without hearing a word about his wife and baby . But when Lionel Traylor finally tracked down his wife in a Red Cross shelter in Fort Worth , Texas , the most important part of the story was n't passed along accurately . "  I thought Lorenzo was with her and when I first saw her she told me ' I do n't know where the baby is ' and that 's when my heart sank , " said Lionel Traylor . Aid workers and caregivers heard Traylor 's story and started making an intense round of phone calls . In a September 14 , 2005 , posting on the website of U.S. Rep. Michael Burgess of Fort Worth , the congressman 's staff detailed the efforts to track down Lorenzo . "  Lorenzo had traveled to three different hospitals during the hectic evacuation , " according to the congressman 's website . "  After 24 hours of searching ... "  Baby Boy Traylor " had been located at Baton Rouge General . The moments that followed were priceless -- tears of joy followed by laughter . " The family tried to return to New Orleans , the city both LaShawn and Lionel Traylor had always called home . They returned four months after Katrina to find their home destroyed by the floodwaters . They moved into a FEMA trailer but for a family of seven it proved too difficult . "  Going back to a city that needed to be rebuilt was just too much for the kids , leaving New Orleans was really hard , " said LaShawn Traylor . In Jackson , Mississippi , the Traylor family is flourishing . Lorenzo is healthy and 5 years old . LaShawn Traylor is 31 and returned to school , completing degrees in accounting and psychology . Lionel Traylor is a full-time pastor of The Church at Jackson . LaShawn Traylor also started a foundation helping Katrina evacuees called "  Rise Above Katrina . " The organization helps Katrina survivors find homes , rental assistance and offers financial planning . "  Life is better now , " says LaShawn Traylor . "  What Katrina did for me was a wake-up call ; it made me start to live my life in a better way . I 'm living my life now with a purpose . "	Days before Katrina slammed into New Orleans , LaShawn Traylor gave birth to a son Mother and son were separated during the evacuations Traylor was also separated from her husband and four other children CNN news report helped reunite the family
CNN  -- Rwandan troops have crossed into the Democratic Republic of Congo to prepare for a joint operation with Congolese forces against a Hutu militia , the United Nations said . At least 800,000 people are thought to have died during 100 days of violence in Rwanda in 1994 . "  We can tell you there are Rwandan soldiers here , but I can not confirm the numbers , " said Madnodje Mounoubai , spokesman for the U.N. mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo . The Rwandans will team up "  with the Congolese forces , " he said Wednesday . "  The Rwandan forces are in a meeting with Congolese forces and the understanding is that in the meeting they are preparing a joint operation against the FDLR , " or the Democratic Liberation Forces of Rwanda . The Rwanda News Agency reported that Rwanda has dispatched 1,917 soldiers . Rwanda and Congo traditionally have been on different sides of the conflict in eastern Congo . The struggle pits ethnic Tutsis , supported by Rwanda , against ethnic Hutu , backed by Congo . The conflict is effectively an extension of the Rwandan genocide dating back to the early 1990s , when hundreds of thousands of Rwandans were killed in ethnic battles between minority Tutsi and majority Hutu . According to a statement issued last week by the Rwandan government , the joint military operation is aimed at driving out the FDLR and former members of the Interhamwe militia , "  remnants of those who spearheaded the 1994 genocide against Tutsis . " Michael Arunga , a Kenya-based spokesman for the World Vision aid organization , said his colleagues in Goma -- a city in eastern Congo -- told him that Rwandan troops arrived Tuesday morning in the village of Ishsha , outside of Goma . Arunga said he had no knowledge of Rwandan troops being in Congo before . A U.N. statement said the FDLR has been involved in clashes since late August mainly in North Kivu , "  where the national army , the mainly Tutsi militia -- known as the CNDP -- and other rebel groups ... have fought in shifting alliances , uprooting around 250,000 civilians on top of the 800,000 already displaced by violence in recent years . " See photos from Mia Farrow 's trip to the Democratic Republic of Congo " A report by a U.N. Security Council panel last month said Rwanda and Congo were fighting a brutal proxy war for territory and precious natural resources in eastern Congo , and all parties involved in the conflict were using execution , rape and child soldiers as tools of war . The report , filed by a panel of U.N. experts , "  found evidence that Rwandan authorities have sent officers and units of the Rwanda Defense Forces " into Congo in support of Congo rebel leader Laurent Nkunda 's fighters . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Rwanda has dispatched some 1,900 soldiers , Rwanda News Agency reports The neighbors have traditionally been on different sides of the conflict in east Congo The struggle pits Tutsis , supported by Rwanda , against the Congo-backed Hutu The conflict is effectively an extension of the Rwandan genocide
Tokyo  CNN  -- Nine bodies -- eight of them burned -- have been pulled from vehicles crushed in a tunnel collapse about 80 kilometers  50 miles  west of Tokyo , a highway police spokesperson said early Monday . Five of those were recovered in one charred station wagon , and three others were in another burned vehicle , according to the police spokesperson . The other fatality was in a truck . The Sasago tunnel on the Chuo Expressway remained closed Monday morning , one day after the cave-in occurred on the highway 's Tokyo-bound lanes , Otsuki police said . Officials from the East Yamanashi Fire Department said the section of concrete that fell was about 50 to 60 meters long and about 20 centimeters  8 inches  thick . Soon after the collapse , Japanese public broadcaster NHK aired images showing smoke rising , a blue car with its side smashed in , and emergency vehicles on the scene . Crews worked through the night trying to get to victims , all the while wary that the tunnel might collapse further . Those efforts continue , and authorities have not said if they believe more bodies will be found . The privately held Central Nippon Expressway Company operates the 4.7-kilometer-long Sasago tunnel , among others , as well as expressways and toll roads around Japan . Central Nippon Expressway conducts annual inspections of the tunnel , with one particularly thorough inspection held every five years , a company spokesperson said . A more intensive inspection of the Sasago tunnel was held sometime in the past two to three months , the spokesperson added . The Chuo Expressway is a particularly busy stretch of highway that runs between Tokyo and , among other places , Mount Fuji . While it is a ways from the Japanese capital , the partial tunnel collapse and its subsequent closure is expected to cause major traffic and other headaches , especially for those who rely on it for business . Authorities have not given any indication as to when they expect the tunnel to reopen , nor is it clear why the collapse occurred . Are you there ? Share you stories , videos and images .	NEW : 5 of the bodies are found in a burned station wagon , police say NEW : An inspection of the tunnel occurred a few months ago , a company official says NEW : The partial cave-in was on the Chuo Expressway 50 miles west of Tokyo It 's not clear what caused the collapse , or when the tunnel might reopen
London  CNN  -- Julian Assange demanded that the United States drop its "  witch hunt " against WikiLeaks on Sunday as he made his first public appearance after months effectively confined to the Embassy of Ecuador in London . "  As WikiLeaks stands under threat , so does the freedom of expression and the health of all our societies , " the founder of website said to cheers from his supporters outside the embassy . "  The U.S. war on whistle-blowers must end , " Assange said , calling for the freedom of Bradley Manning , the U.S. soldier suspected of giving hundreds of thousands of pages of secret American government documents to Assange for publication on WikiLeaks . Assange also referred to The New York Times , the Bahraini activist Nabeel Rajab and the Russian feminist punk band Pussy Riot in his 10-minute appearance . The founder of WikiLeaks spoke from a balcony at the Embassy of Ecuador in London , where he has been holed up since June . Correa defends Assange asylum decision His lawyer , Baltasar Garzon , called earlier for him to be given safe passage to Ecuador from Britain . "  Mr. Assange is going to continue fighting for his rights , " Garzon declared , saying that Assange had instructed his legal team to take action . Garzon , an attorney from Spain who is best known from his years as a crusading judge , did not say what that legal action would be . Garzon was barred from the Spanish bench earlier this year for authorizing the wire-tapping of corruption suspects speaking to their lawyers . Assange fled to the embassy avoid extradition to Sweden to face questioning about alleged sex crimes . Sunday marks two months since Assange fled to the embassy . Monday marks two years since Swedish prosecutors first issued a warrant for his arrest , alleging that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . Assange has been effectively confined for the past two months to the diplomatic mission -- a suite of rooms covering half of one floor of a townhouse in a posh London neighborhood south of Hyde Park . Ecuador raised the stakes in its diplomatic row with the United Kingdom on Thursday , officially offering Assange asylum in the South American country . The British say they will not give him safe passage out of the embassy . The Foreign Office says Britain has a legal obligation to hand him over to Sweden , after Assange 's legal efforts to avoid extradition were rejected by British courts up to the Supreme Court . Garzon said that Assange was willing to answer Swedish prosecutors ' questions , but only if he is given certain guarantees . Assange , an Australian , and his supporters claim a U.S. grand jury has been empaneled to consider charges against him . Assange claims to fear Sweden will transfer him in turn to the United States , where he could face the death penalty for the work of WikiLeaks . Sweden angrily rejected the allegation on Thursday . "  Sweden does not extradite individuals who risk facing the death penalty , " the Foreign Ministry said after Ecuador granted Assange asylum . Assange and diplomatic asylum : A primer Assange says the allegations in Sweden are politically motivated and tied to the work of his website , which facilitates the publication of secret documents . He has published hundreds of thousands of pages of American government diplomatic cables and assessments of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq . His expected appearance came as foreign ministers from various South American countries gathered in Ecuador to discuss his fate . The dispute between Britain and Ecuador exploded when the British Foreign Office , in a letter to Ecuadorian officials , cited a little known law that could temporarily suspend the embassy 's diplomatic protection and allow authorities to enter and arrest Assange . President Rafael Correa on Saturday slammed Britain 's behavior toward Ecuador , describing it as "  intolerable " and "  unacceptable . " "  Who do they think they 're dealing with ? " Correa asked rhetorically during his weekly address . "  They do n't realize Latin America is free and sovereign . We wo n't tolerate interference , colonialism of any kind . " The president said Ecuador had asked for , but did not receive , guarantees that Assange would not be extradited to a third country . Correa has sought support on the issue from foreign ministers of the the Union of South American Nations  UNASUR  and the leftist Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas  ALBA  , who gathered in Guayaquil , Ecuador , this weekend . UNASUR backed Ecuador 's decision to grant Assange asylum and called for more dialogue between Britain and Ecuador on the issue . It condemned the "  threat of the use of force " and expressed its hope that the countries could arrive at a "  mutually acceptable solution . " ALBA , whose membership includes Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , warned Britain on Saturday against raiding the embassy . "  We warn the government of the United Kingdom that it will face grave consequences around the world if it directly breaches the territorial integrity of the Embassy of the Republic of Ecuador in London , " according to a statement read by Foreign Minister Nicolas Maduro on behalf of ALBA nations . Standoff at embassy , after Ecuador grants asylum Opinion : Assange 's stubborn grip hurt WikiLeaks Why Assange needs Ecuador and why Ecuador needs Assange What 's next for Assange 's extradition battle ? CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto , Norman Powell , Chelsea J. Carter and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	NEW : UNASUR backs Ecuador and calls for dialogue to resolve the standoff Julian Assange links WikiLeaks to freedom of expression around the world The founder of WikiLeaks had n't been seen since June , or spoken in public since March Ecuador 's president says Britain threatened to raid the embassy to arrest Assange
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- About 1.6 million fans registered for a chance at fewer than 9,000 pairs of tickets to Michael Jackson 's memorial service next week , organizers said . Some memorial tickets went out to "  friends and family " on Sunday . Registration ended at 6 p.m. Saturday . Officials will now "  scrub " all entries to eliminate duplicates and those they suspect may have been registered using software that ticket scalpers use to generate multiple hits . A random drawing will follow . The winning 8,750 registrants will receive an e-mail Sunday after 11 a.m.  2 p.m. ET  , AEG Live said . "  I know I 'll be hitting the ` refresh ' button on my inbox over and over again , " said Jackie Flower , an arts student in San Diego , California . The e-mail will assign the selected registrants a unique code and direct them to a designated distribution center away from the Staples Center . There , they will each receive two tickets to either the memorial service at the Staples Center arena or a simulcast of the event at the adjacent Nokia Theater LA Live , AEG said . Jackson 's family has still not announced the singer 's burial arrangements , saying only that it will hold a private ceremony ahead of the massive public memorial service Tuesday . Journalists staked out several possible burial locations . A long line of television satellite trucks remained parked outside the Hollywood Hills Forest Lawn Cemetery in case it was chosen by the family , but there has been no word from cemetery officials . Police set up metal barricades around the front lawn , creating spaces for media and fans . Two state trooper cruisers idled at the Hall of Liberty inside the grounds , which contains a 1,200-seat auditorium . Watch reporters prepare for Tuesday 's service " The family has not decided whether Jackson 's body will be brought to the Staples Center arena , where the public ceremony will be held at 10 a.m. PT . At the time of his death , Jackson was working with a concert promotions company on 50 sold-out shows in London , England , beginning in mid-July . Also Saturday , a handful of fans milled about the Jackson family home in Encino , California , bringing flowers and taking pictures next to an informal sidewalk shrine to the pop star . Farzana Payind of Los Angeles snapped a picture of her 6-year-old daughter , Enayah . Payind said Enayah loves to dance to Jackson songs "  Billie Jean " and "  Thriller " and cried when she learned of the singer 's death . "  Does that mean his music died too ? " the girl asked , according to Payind . Neighbor Michael Singer watched the activities with interest . "  This makes Elvis look like nothing , " he said . "  When you grow up with Michael Jackson 's music pretty much your whole life , you feel like you lost a family member , and you have to go to the funeral , " said Add Seymour of Atlanta , Georgia , who registered Friday morning and planned to fly out if picked . "  I got some frequent-flier miles just in case I wanted to do something wild and crazy -- and this is wild and crazy . " Tickets will be handed out Monday outside the Staples Center , said Tim Leiweke , president of AEG Live . Ticketholders will also have wristbands to match their tickets , a precaution against people "  trying to take advantage " of the system , he said . Although 11,000 seats are available for fans inside the Staples Center , another 6,500 can watch from the Nokia Theater site across the street , according to Leiweke . Police said they will close the area near the Staples Center to all those without a ticket . The family will provide a free live video feed to networks so it can be televised everywhere . "  I want to stress to those people who are coming , or are thinking about coming , to the city for this special event that you might want to consider watching this from the comfort of your home , " said Councilwoman Jan Perry , the city 's acting mayor while Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa is out of the country . The city government will provide security for the event , despite a budget crisis , Perry said . Despite the interest surrounding the service , few details have emerged . Ken Ehrlich , known for producing the Grammy Awards , is producing the memorial show , his company said . And Kenny Ortega , who was to have co-directed Jackson 's series of concerts in London this summer , will direct it . Singer Jennifer Hudson will be among the performers taking the stage , CNN has confirmed . Drug rumors swirl Meanwhile , speculation that anesthetic drugs might have played a role in the singer 's death June 25 continued to swell Friday after a Los Angeles law enforcement source told The Associated Press that investigators found Diprivan , a powerful sedative , in Jackson 's home . Watch CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta talk with physician who accompanied Jackson on tour " Earlier in the week , a nutritionist , Cherilyn Lee , said Jackson pleaded for the drug despite being told of its harmful effects . And sources close to Jackson said Thursday that the pop icon traveled with what amounted to a mini-clinic , complete with an IV pole and an anesthesiologist who medicated the insomniac singer , during his HIStory world tour in the mid-90s . Authorities do not know what killed Jackson and await toxicology results , which are due back in two to three weeks . "  We are treating all unnamed sources as rumors . And , as we have stated before , we will not be responding to rumors or innuendo , " said lawyers for Jackson 's cardiologist , Dr. Conrad Murray , on Friday . "  We are awaiting the facts to come out , and we will respond at that time . " Los Angeles police have interviewed Murray , who apparently tried to revive the singer after he was found unconscious at his rented Holmby Hills estate . The department said it is now working with the Drug Enforcement Administration and the state Attorney General 's Office as it looks into Jackson 's death . "  For anything that has to do with drugs , the DEA are the experts on that , " said Jim McDonnell , assistant police chief . "  And if you 're looking at the prescription issues , where else would you go ? " CNN 's Susan Roesgen , Allison Blakely , Jeff King , Denise Quan , Don Lemon , Kay Jones and Drew Griffin in Los Angeles , California , and Danielle Dellorto in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	NEW : Registration for tickets to singer 's memorial service closes Michael Jackson 's family deciding whether to bring body to public service Family has not announced any plans for his burial Journalists stake out possible locations of singer 's burial
CNN  -- Four women were detained by traffic police in two Saudi Arabian cities this week for defying the Kingdom 's driving ban , according to all the women stopped . In the Red Sea port city of Jeddah Thursday , two women , Sahar Naseef and Tamador Alyami , were stopped by police after being spotted in a car on one of the city 's main thoroughfares . Alyami , who 's been an avid supporter of a two-month-old campaign seeking to gain the right to drive for women in Saudi Arabia , told CNN she and Naseef were hoping to get caught . "  We did go driving on a main street where we know there 's a lot of traffic police , " explained Alyami , who was in the passenger seat . "  We 're just trying to push and see how far can we go with this , " said Alyami , "  because two women yesterday were caught by police and detained for 10 hours . Today , in a different city it was totally different . We were caught and stopped for only two hours . " The woman who drove the car , Naseef , told CNN she was so convinced she and Alyami would spend the night in jail , she even packed a toothbrush , some shampoo and an extra set of clothing . For Alyami , an author and columnist who 's driven herself around Jeddah five times now , getting behind the wheel is no longer enough in an extraordinary campaign of civil disobedience that has seen dozens of women taking to the streets since October . "  We 're asking girls in different regions to go out , " she said , "  because we 're trying to see if police in different regions react differently to cases of women driving . " According to Naseef and Alyami , the traffic police officer who pulled them over was very kind to them and even supportive of their cause . They said he told them that due to protocol , he had to call for backup , and they were soon surrounded by several more police cars . In the end , Naseef had to sign a pledge not to drive again in the presence of a male relative before the women could be released . One day earlier in the country 's capital , Riyadh , which is in a far more conservative part of the country , two other women described a far more difficult experience after being caught driving . Azza Al-Shamasi and Bareah Alzubeedy told CNN they were detained at a Riyadh police station for more than 10 hours after being caught and pulled over by traffic police . Al-Shamasi , who was driving , said when they first started driving down one of Riyadh 's main streets , many male drivers around them were giving them signs of support . Half an hour later , after a traffic police officer spotted them , they were pulled over . "  We were then surrounded by six cop cars , and the people who stopped us were quite rude , " said Al-Shamasi . According to Al-Shamasi , despite the fact that her husband came to the police station shortly after she was taken there , it still took at least eight more hours before she was released into his custody . Alzubeedy explained they were not looking to attract the police 's attention , just simply doing what they should be able to do . "  Freedom of movement is a right , " said Alzubeedy , a human rights activist . "  This is a right for women here . There 's no law that bars women from driving in Saudi Arabia , and I hope more women will go out and drive . " Despite repeated attempts , CNN was unable to reach Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry for comment . The issue of women driving is a particularly sensitive and controversial one in Saudi Arabia , the last country on Earth where females do n't have that right . In recent years , though , more women have challenged the government , urging officials to overturn the ban and taking to streets in remarkable displays of civil disobedience . Although women are not allowed to drive in the ultraconservative Kingdom , there is , in fact , no law barring them from doing so . But religious edicts are often interpreted to enforce the prohibition . In May 2011 , Manal Al-Sharif was jailed for more than a week after posting a video of herself driving in Saudi Arabia online . She quickly became a hero to many and inspired dozens of women to drive throughout the streets of various cities in June of that year . More recently , in September , a website for the October 26 Women 's Driving Campaign launched , and within a few weeks , tens of thousands had signed an online petition calling for an end to the driving ban for women in Saudi Arabia . As October 26 approached , numerous women filmed themselves driving in the conservative Kingdom and uploaded those clips to sites like YouTube . In the weeks leading up to October 26 , one Saudi cleric gave an interview in which he warned that Saudi women who drove risked damaging their ovaries . On October 24 , the country 's Interior Ministry issued a statement telling women to stay off the streets . Despite strong opposition by conservative quarters in the Kingdom , where a puritanical strain of Islam is practiced , October 26 saw dozens of women taking to the streets and driving . The campaign 's backers insist the movement is ongoing and has been a success thus far , while its critics say it has failed . In early December , two of Saudi Arabia 's best-known female advocates for lifting the ban on women driving were also detained after being caught behind the wheel in the country 's capital . Aziza Al-Yousef , who was driving the car , and her passenger , Eman Al-Nafjan , told CNN they were pulled over and spent a few hours at a police station in Riyadh until being released into the custody of their respective husbands .	Two pairs of Saudi female drivers detained : one in Jeddah , the other in Riyadh The women in Jeddah say the police were kind and detention lasted two hours The women in Riyadh say the police were harsh and and detention lasted 10 hours A campaign to change the Kingdom 's driving ban for women continues
CNN  -- Rising from the desert like a white Arabian castle , Umm Qarn has all the trimmings you 'd expect of a six-star luxury hotel . Walk through the grand marble entrance , replete with chandelier , and you 'll find a fitness studio , swimming pool , solarium and international restaurant . But behind the gold-plated doors , a team of fitness gurus from across the world is catering to an unlikely guest . Welcome to Qatar 's Umm Qarn Stud Farm , the breeding ground of some of the most successful -- and expensive -- race horses on the planet . Owned by the Gulf state 's former prime minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Khalifa Al Thani , the 580-acre estate is home to about 60 champion horses -- either in training for their next million-dollar competition or being used to breed a new generation of winners . One of those champions , Arabian stallion Tabarak , this week won Qatar 's most prestigious race , the Emir 's Sword , extending his unbeaten winning streak to a remarkable six . His silver sword trophy -- not to mention $ 550,000 in prize money -- will now join the many others already lining Umm Qarn 's lavish lobby . Behind Tabarak 's success -- and that of his predecessor Al Dahma , who won the sword in 2009 and 2010 -- is an international team of trainers , nutritionists and scientists reinventing the way that champion stallions are raised . "  I do n't think you could find facilities like that in Europe , " says Umm Qarn 's head trainer , Alban de Mieulle , pointing to the farm 's swimming pool , treadmill and solarium . With temperatures in Qatar soaring to 113F  45C  , the pool is an ideal place for sleek stallions to cool down after a morning workout . The water itself is kept at a comfortable 68F  20C  , in an air-conditioned room . "  The horses go in for one or two minutes , " De Mieulle says . "  You have good and bad swimmers , but we never push them if they do n't want to go . And 95 % of them really love swimming . " The extreme desert weather means temperatures can also drop to 41F  5C  in winter . But instead of shivering in the paddocks , the pampered ponies are treated to a solarium session . "  We use the solarium after swimming . Sometimes the weather can drop to -5 C  23F  in the morning , so we use it to dry the horses , " De Mieulle explains . "  Some of them have back problems and , because the lights are around 24C  75F  , it 's good for them . " When not relaxing in front of the solarium , the horses -- a mixture of Arabian stallions and thoroughbreds -- can enjoy a nutritious meal of hay imported from France and fresh alfalfa grown in the garden . When Frenchman De Mieulle first arrived at Umm Qarn  "  The Place "  seven years ago , he was astonished to find a thriving farm housing not just horses , but cows and gazelles . But it can be hard work creating a green oasis in the desert , with track specialists importing grass seeds from the U.S. during the winter and turf from Bermuda during the summer . "  The main challenge here is actually growing the grass . We do n't have rain , the climatic conditions are very harsh , and there is a lot of salt in the water so we always have high PH levels , " says Qatar Racing and Equestrian Club track manager Bradford Smith . "  We also have a lot of funguses and diseases -- our track could be in perfect condition one day and the next morning all of a sudden it 's brown . " It may seem like an exhausting amount of resources plowed into keeping horses happy . But this is Qatar , an oil-rich emirate which has invested heavily in its racing industry -- and its brand abroad -- in the last decade . In 2008 , the Qatar Racing and Equestrian Club became the official sponsor of France 's prestigious Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe -- the richest turf race in Europe , which attracts a TV audience of around 1 billion . Last year the Qatar royal family 's private investment company , Qipco , also bought the naming rights for the British Champion Series , which includes premier races the Derby , the St. Leger , the Guineas and the Oaks , in a multimillion-pound deal . "  We are trying our best to be one of the top horse racing industries in the world , we 're trying our best to be an icon , " said Sheikh Joaan bin Hamad bin Khalifa Al-Thani , son of the Emir of Qatar . "  We 're not looking to be the greatest -- we 've got our own style and we 've our own guidelines to work with . But hopefully we 'd like to be one of the main race tracks in the world . " If the horses are anything to go by , a day out at the races in Qatar is sure to be a luxurious experience .	Six-star luxury hotel features pool , solarium , and an unlikely guest Umm Qarn Stud Farm in Qatar is breeding ground for race horses Farm celebrates winning 2013 Emir 's Sword , with stallion Tabarak Part of Qatar 's huge investment in horse racing at home and abroad
Editor 's note : Below is an excerpt from Larry King 's autobiography , "  My Remarkable Journey , " published by Weinstein Books and available at bookstores nationwide . Larry King anchors "  Larry King Live at 9 p.m. ET on CNN . Larry King recalls a much-needed win at the track during one of the lowest points of his life . I was thirty-seven years old .  In 1971  . I had no job . I had a couple hundred thousand dollars in debts . And a four-year-old daughter . I 'd take Chaia to our secret park on our visiting days . That 's when the pain cut the deepest -- looking at my daughter and knowing I had no way to support her . Things got bleaker and bleaker . I became a recluse . By late May , I was down to forty-two dollars . My rent was paid only until the end of the month . I locked myself in my apartment wondering how bad things could possibly get . Pretty soon I would n't even be able to afford cigarettes . I remembered a night when I was a young man in New York , alone , cold , and without cigarettes or the money to buy them -- I had smashed open a vending machine to get a pack . A friend called up and told me to start living like a human being again . He invited me to the track . I had nothing better to do , and I figured it would be good therapy to get out and have lunch with a friend and watch the horses come down the stretch . I 'll never forget that day . I put on a Pierre Cardin jeans outfit that had no pockets and drove to Calder Race Course . I can still see the horses warming up before the third race . There was a horse called Lady Forli -- a filly running against males . Normally , female horses do n't beat males . We 're talking cheap horses . I scanned the board and saw that she was 70-1 . But my eyes really opened when I looked at the racing form . Racetrack people talk to each other . So I turned to the guy next to me and said , "  You know , this horse , three races back , won in more or less the same company . Why is she 70-1 ? " "  Well , " the guy said , "  there 's a couple of new horses here . " "  Yeah , but she should be , like , 20-1 . Not 70 -- 1 . " Screw it . I bet ten dollars on the horse to win . But I kept looking at the horse . The more I looked at this horse , the more I liked it . So I bet exactas . I bet Lady Forli on top of every other horse and below every other horse . Now I had what 's called a wheel . Larry King 's life in pictures " I kept looking at the horse . Wait a minute , I told myself , I 've got four dollars left . I have a pack of cigarettes . I 've got ta give the valet two bucks . That still leaves me with money to bet a trifecta . My birthday is November 19 . Lady Forli was number 11 . So I bet 11 to win , 1 to place , and 9 to show . Now I had bets in for 11 on top , 11 on bottom , and 11 to win . And I had a trifecta -- 11-1-9 . When the race began , I had two dollars left to my name -- and that was for the valet . They broke out of the gate . The 1 broke on top , the 9 ran second , and the 11 came out third . The 11 passed the 9 , passed the 1 , and they ran in a straight line all around the track . There was no question about it . The 11 won by five lengths . The 1 was three lengths ahead of the 9 . I had every winning ticket . I had it to win . I had the exacta . I had the trifecta . I collected nearly eight thousand dollars . Eight thousand dollars ! It had to be one of the happiest moments of my life -- certainly the most exciting . But I had no pockets . So I stuffed all the money in my jacket . It was bundled up . I did n't know what to do with it . I ran out of the track . The valet attendant came over and said , "  You leaving so early ? " "  Yeah . " "  Bad day , Mr. King ? " I tipped him fifty dollars . The guy nearly fainted . I had to go somewhere , to stop and make sure it was real . I drove to a vacant lot , which is now called Dolphin Stadium . I parked among the weeds and opened up my jacket . All the money spilled out . I counted out about seventy-nine hundred dollars . I paid my child support for the next year . I paid my rent for a year . I bought twenty cartons of cigarettes and stacked them up in my apartment , and I filled the refrigerator . Up to that point , that may have been the happiest moment of my life . Now , today , if I go to the track and win $ 8,000 , it 's very nice , but it wo n't affect my life one iota . It 's nice to win . But when you really need it ...	At age 37 , Larry King had $ 42 to his name , no job and a daughter to support He became reclusive but decided it would be "  good therapy " to go out with a friend They went to the track , and Larry bet on a female horse whom the odds were against Larry won a much-needed $ 8,000 that day
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Abdul Hakeem Belhaj , one of the most effective commanders among anti-Gadhafi forces in Libya , has seen plenty of combat in his 45 years . A well-built , bearded man with dark , serious eyes , he fought against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan -- and alongside al Qaeda in the dying days of the Taliban regime . Now he is commander of the anti-Gadhafi forces in Tripoli , and swears loyalty to the National Transitional Council , describing himself as an "  ordinary Libyan " fighting for a common cause . But there 's not much ordinary about Belhaj . As a young man in the late 1980s , he was one of scores of jihadists in the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group that went to fight in Afghanistan . His military prowess soon made him a commander among his fellow fighters . After the fall of the Taliban , Belhaj left Afghanistan and was arrested in Malaysia in 2004 . After some questioning by the CIA , he was sent back to Libya and jailed . Belhaj was released from Moammar Gadhafi 's notorious Abu Salim jail last year . He and dozens of others of LIFG fighters negotiated with the Gadhafi regime for their freedom -- in return for denouncing al Qaeda and its philosophy of jihad . The negotiations were led by a former LIFG member in exile , Noman Benotman , and Saif al Islam Gadhafi , one of the sons of the Libyan leader and a man that Belhaj is now hunting . The Gadhafi regime had jailed hundreds of Islamists , among them fighters of the LIFG who had launched a short-lived insurgency in the 1990s . Many were massacred during a prison revolt in 1996 . Western counterterrorism experts are now at best concerned -- and at worst alarmed -- by the prominent role Belhaj and the LIFG cadres have played in Libya 's revolt . But sitting in an air-conditioned room in one of Tripoli 's most exclusive hotels , Belhaj was keen to dispel the notion that he is part of an Islamist fifth column preparing to make a power grab in the new Libya . "  I am an ordinary citizen of Libya . I am a part of the fabric of this nation , a normal Muslim , " he said in long-winded and carefully worded classical Arabic . The LIFG "  was not a terrorist organization , " he said . " All our activities were inside our country with the aim of liberating our people from Gadhafi . That 's why we met and that 's why we worked . We did not give any blessing to any act that would hurt civilians or destroy public sector establishments , and anyone who has kept up with our activities knows that . " Belhaj has played a crucial role in liberating Tripoli . Units under his control seized Gadhafi 's sprawling Bab al Aziziya compound days after the rebels entered Tripoli . He insists his goals are at one with those of the NTC . "  We are part of the Libyan people . We did not carry out any military acts with a particular ideology or under any flag , " he said . Flanked by his press assistant , a former LIFG member who became an accountant in London , Belhaj continued : "  We treated everybody equally with one purpose , and that is to achieve the goals of the February 17 revolution . " "  I have not seen anything that would potentially damage the relationship between everybody who worked on the liberation of the cities that they were in , " he added . But there have been signs of tensions between former LIFG members and rank-and-file fighters who joined the revolt and are perturbed to see such a prominent Islamist figure gain so much power . For his part , Belhaj is now focused on finding Gadhafi . "  A lot of the information that we receive points to more than one area because we are focusing on more than one area , " Belhaj said . "  He might be between Bani Walid  a pro-Gadhafi town in the desert  and Sirte , trying to find a route to the south of the country as the pressure increases on him . " Gadhafi "  is trying to secure a location for himself and is releasing ridiculous statements to incite some naïve people , to motivate some people he describes as his loyalists to alter the current security situation . " Belhaj expressed hope that the violence in Libya would soon be over . "  We hope that will happen without any more bloodshed or destruction of public property , " he said . "  We call for the surrender of those who continue to support the regime . " That was why , he said , the NTC had extended the deadline for Gadhafi forces in Sirte to lay down their weapons . Belhaj also said he had spoken to one of Gadhafi 's sons , Saadi , who has called for an end to the fighting . "  I told him that we would assure his safety and that no one would harm him , " Belhaj said , but added : "  The legal matters we do not control . We are striving to establish a nation of laws . We want justice to prevail -- that we have lacked for 40 years . " Belhaj also reflected on his time in Afghanistan , stressing that he and others in the LIFG were not affiliated with al Qaeda . "  Our presence in Afghanistan with or without al Qaeda does not mean that we agree with them . Our presence in Afghanistan was to support the just cause of the Afghan fight against the Soviets , " he said . "  We went to support the people , and we extended a hand to them in education and aid . ... We also helped to defend and fight , as did many other nations that joined , including the United States , " Belhaj said in what seemed like an effort to reassure Washington . "  As for our presence in Afghanistan ,  just because it  coincided with the presence of al Qaeda does not mean that we agree or believe in the same ideology . " Whether Belhaj and others who belonged to the LIFG will continue to sing in tune with the National Transitional Council is the great unknown . I have followed the group 's evolution for years , and it seems they truly came to perceive Osama bin Laden 's nihilistic campaign against the west as counter-productive , and al Qaeda 's indiscriminate attacks on "  non-believers " as unjustifiable . While in jail at Abu Salim , a prison less than a mile from the Gadhafi compound that Belhaj helped seize , the LIFG fighters wrote a long theological treatise that attacked al Qaeda 's core principles . At the end of our interview , Belhaj again took pains to reassure the wider world of Islamists ' role in the Libyan uprising . "  I want to take this opportunity to assure to all that the revolutionaries in Libya are united , and there is nothing frightening , " he said . "  They all joined hands against this tyrant and now the revolution is achieving its goals . ... There is nothing more important than securing our nation . " There are plenty of political models for Libya 's Islamists to adopt and adapt -- in Egypt and Tunisia for example , where newly resurgent Islamist parties and groups profess to be committed to democracy and constitutional government . The question is : will they ?	Abdul Hakeem Belhaj is one of Libya 's top anti-Gadhafi rebel commanders Some western analysts are concerned with his prominent role , given his past association with Islamist forces Belhaj was part of a group of Libyans that fought alongside al Qaeda against the Soviets in Afghanistan Belhaj says the fact that he fought alongside al Qaeda does n't mean he agrees with the aims of the organization
