New York  CNN  -- Some families of 9/11 victims are outraged over the National September 11 Memorial Museum 's decision to charge admission for visitors . Sally Regenhard , assistant chairwoman of the group 9/11 Parents and Families of Firefighters and WTC Victims , called the fee a "  slap in the face " on Sunday . "  Patriotic people from all corners of the country go to teach their children something and show respect , and now they will be faced with this fee ? It is outrageous , " she said . "  This feeds the idea of New York City being money-hungry . It is taking advantage of tourists , " Regenhard said . "  Making people pay to grieve is going to prevent people from paying their respects and learn about the victims . " 9/11 Memorial communications manager Anthony Guido said that an exact price has not yet been set , but it will range from $ 20 to $ 25 . Family members of 9/11 victims are exempt from all memorial-museum fees and charges , Guido said . The museum will open in 2014 . According to Guido , 9/11 museum officials looked to other institutions in the country for guidance on admission charges , such as the Oklahoma City National Memorial & Museum , which charges $ 12 for adults . The memorial-museum declined to comment on Regenhard 's statements . But not all family members of 9/11 victims agree with Regenhard . Charles Wolf told CNN affiliate WCBS : "  I think if it 's necessary , they need to do it , because I want this museum to be good . We 've taken a horrible , horrible disaster -- in which my wife was lost -- and we 're making it better . " CNN 's Morgan Winsor contributed to this report .	National September 11 Memorial Museum will charge admission The admission charge will range from $ 20 to $ 25 , memorial spokesman says The fee "  is taking advantage of tourists , " victims families ' advocate says If the fee is necessary , "  they need to do it , " surviving husband says
An arbitrator Saturday upheld most of New York Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez 's 211-game doping suspension , keeping him out of the 162-game 2014 regular season and the postseason . The ruling by Major League Baseball arbitrator Fredric Horowitz will not only cost Rodriguez $ 25 million in salary , it also further clouds the groundbreaking career of a player who will turn 40 during the 2015 season . The 162-game suspension -- which is the most severe punishment in baseball history for doping -- highlights baseball Commissioner Bud Selig 's recent high-profile crackdown on performance-enhancing drugs . Rodriguez , one of the best players of his generation who was once considered an automatic Hall of Fame candidate , was defiant in a statement released Saturday . He will likely appeal in federal court . "  The number of games sadly comes as no surprise , as the deck has been stacked against me from day one , " said Rodriguez , who has struggled with hip injuries in recent years . Alex Rodriguez Fast Facts The former Seattle Mariner , Texas Ranger and now New York Yankee player then took a swipe at Selig , whom he has claimed in the past had an unjustified vendetta against him . "  This is one man 's decision that was not put before a fair and impartial jury , " Rodriguez said , "  does not involve me having failed a single drug test , is at odds with the facts and is inconsistent with the terms of the Joint Drug Agreement and the Basic Agreement , and relies on testimony and documents that would never have been allowed in any court in the United States because they are false and wholly unreliable . " When the suspension ends in 2015 , Rodriguez will be owed $ 61 million in a contract that runs through 2017 . Major League Baseball did not release details of the arbitrator 's decision , which the players union said it "  strongly disagrees " with . The Yankees said in a statement that they "  respect Major League Baseball 's Joint Drug Prevention and Treatment Program , the arbitration process , as well as the decision released today by the arbitration panel . " Saturday 's ruling stemmed from Rodriguez 's appeal of a his suspension by MLB , which accused him of taking performance-enhancing drugs and having ties to the now-shuttered Biogenesis clinic in South Florida . Biogenesis was a former anti-aging clinic that MLB said supplied steroids to at least a dozen baseball players . Rodriguez , one of 14 players suspended in the Biogenesis scandal , was the only one who appealed his suspension . Though he was suspended in August , Rodriguez played out the 2013 season because of the appeal . Rodriguez , 38 , is fifth on MLB 's list of all-time home run leaders , just six behind Willie Mays . Rodriguez , who has claimed he was the target of a MLB "  witch hunt , " probably will appeal Horowitz 's decision in the courts or to seek to delay the suspension . "  No player should have to go through what I have been dealing with , and I am exhausting all options to ensure not only that I get justice , but that players ' contracts and rights are protected through the next round of bargaining , and that the MLB investigation and arbitration process can not be used against others in the future the way it is currently being used to unjustly punish me , " Rodriguez said in a statement .	The New York Yankees say they "  respect " the decision Alex Rodriguez suspended for 2014 regular season and postseason Decision will cost slugger $ 25 million Rodriguez plans to appeal
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When Danish auteur Lars von Trier presented his gothic thriller , "  Antichrist " at Cannes Film Festival last month , it was greeted with cat-calls , jeers and , at times , disbelieving laughter . Danish auteur Lars von Trier has been making films that shock , provoke and impress for over 40 years . Filmmakers are expected to give audiences a hard time at Cannes and the two-hander starring Willem Dafoe and Charlotte Gainsbourg as a couple grieving the loss of a child is no exception . But it was the level of pornographic sex and visceral brutality that outraged some and astonished many . Von Trier was labeled a woman-hater for the wince-inducingly horrific final scene in which female lead Charlotte Gainsbourg takes a pair of rusty scissors to her genitals and performs a DIY clitoridectomy right to camera . An Ecumenical Jury that normally hands out a prize at Cannes celebrating spiritual values felt moved to award "  Antichrist " an "  anti-prize " for being "  the most misogynist movie from the self-proclaimed biggest director in the world . " "  Lars von Trier , we get it , " wrote film critic Wendy Ide in UK paper The Times . "  You really , really do n't like women . " Misogyny could n't be further from the truth , according to Von Trier , who says he sees himself up there on the screen : "  I mostly see myself as the female character , " the 53-year-old director told CNN in Cannes . Do you think that Lars von Trier is a woman-hater ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box The director says that he shot the film as a form of therapy after recovering from a serious mental illness . Indeed , a few years ago , it was questionable whether von Trier , who is famously multi-phobic , would be able to make another film . In the winter of 2006 , he fell victim to depression and checked into hospital , the aftermath of which left him "  like a blank sheet of paper , " he told Danish paper Politiken at the time . Today , if not fully recovered -- the most terrifying thing he can think of is still "  myself " -- he is able to function once more and is receiving cognitive behavioral therapy to help him face up to his psychological issues . Despite , or perhaps because of , what he describes as his "  sensitive " nature , von Trier is one of today 's great contemporary European auteurs , considered responsible for spearheading a revival in the fortunes of Scandinavian filmmaking . "  I think that if you are , shall we say , sensitive , then there is a good side and a bad side about it , " said von Trier . "  The good side is that you can sometimes achieve something creatively . But , of course , it always also allows some of these negative thoughts in . " Watch Lars von Trier talking to CNN 's The Screening Room about "  Antichrist " " He has been nominated for the top prize at Cannes , the Palme D'Or , a staggering eight times , winning once in 2000 for the harrowing operatic tragedy , "  Dancer in the Dark , " starring Icelandic musician , Bjork , who also took home the Best Actress prize that year . It is rumored Bjork became so unhinged filming "  Dancer in the Dark " she ate her own cardigan . Von Trier claimed each morning she would say "  Mr von Trier , I despise you , " and spit at him . In pictures : The wierd world of Lars von Trier " Von Trier has a reputation for being tough on his actors . His friend and long-time collaborator , actor Stellan Skarsgard describes von Trier as "  not uncomplex . " "  I was scared , " admitted Gainsbourg who won Best Actress at Cannes for her performance . "  I had heard stories about him as a director ... maybe he 's cruel and vicious . " But she now describes him as her "  guide " and "  the greatest director I 've ever worked with . " Fueled by his unconventional approach and upbringing , the mythology surrounding von Trier looms large over everything he touches . Brought up in Copenhagen by bohemian parents who were committed nudists , he suffers from crippling bouts of agoraphobia ; and , most famously , a fear of flying . Each visit to Cannes involves a five-day road trip from Denmark to the French Riviera by camper van . He has an undeniable egotistical streak : this year at Cannes , he declared , "  I am the best filmmaker in the world , " and in 1991 , when displeased that Cannes jury president Roman Polanski had only awarded "  Europa " the runner-up Grand Prix prize , he called him a "  dwarf . " He also seems to actively court controversy : 1998 Palme D'Or contender "  Dogme # 2 : The Idiots " grabbed headlines for being the first commercial film to show non-simulated sex on screen , and for von Trier 's typically eccentric claim that the best way to prepare actors for sex scenes is to direct in the nude . But , von Trier says , he has always taken a deeply personal approach to the experimental , often dark and challenging works that he creates . He says he finds it difficult to know how to satisfy the needs of others with his films and so works only for himself . "  I feel very strongly for satisfying , maybe not my own needs , but my own idea of the film and the images that come from within , " he told CNN . "  If I did n't follow my instinct , then I ca n't work . "	Pornographic sex and visceral violence in "  Antichrist " shocked early audiences Von Trier was accused of misogyny but claims to identify with the female character "  Antichrist " stars Charlotte Gainsbourg and Willem Dafoe as a bereaved couple Von Trier 's "  The Idiots "  1998  was first mainstream film to show non-simulated sex
Johannesburg  CNN  -- On the eve of Oscar Pistorius ' sentencing , some of his biggest supporters -- his siblings -- told CNN that the lives of everyone close to the trial have already been changed forever , no matter the outcome . Pistorius , 27 , is due to be sentenced Tuesday for culpable homicide and one weapons-related charge in connection with his fatal shooting of his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp .	Oscar Pistorius is set to be sentenced on Tuesday CNN spoke with his brother and sister Whatever the sentence , their lives have changed permanently , they said
San Francisco  CNN  -- A new iPhone is widely expected to debut next month for the three largest U.S. carriers , but T-Mobile will be left out , an executive for the carrier said at a technology conference on Monday . T-Mobile has expressed to Apple its desire to carry the iPhone , said Cole Brodman , T-Mobile USA 's marketing chief . "  They know we want the phone , " he said . "  We 'll wait for that call . " But the iPhone will not be available for T-Mobile customers in October , he said onstage at the GigaOm Mobilize event . Last week , Brodman reportedly told employees at a meeting , "  We are not going to get the iPhone 5 this year . " Brodman issued a "  letter to T-Mobile customers " on Tuesday explaining that customers disappointed about the carrier not having the iPhone should take a look at Android devices . He also noted that more than a million T-Mobile customers use iPhones that have been unlocked from AT&T or other international carriers . These can not connect to T-Mobile 's 3G or faster networks . "  Please know that we think the iPhone is a great device and Apple knows that we 'd like to add it to our line-up , " Brodman wrote . "  We are interested in offering all of our customers a no-compromise iPhone experience on our network . " Sprint Nextel is expected to begin selling iPhones in October , along with unlimited data plans , according to a report last month in the Wall Street Journal . The next iPhone will debut in October , said Apple board member Al Gore , and is set to be announced at an event October 4 , according to a report from the Journal 's AllThingsD website . AT&T Mobility and Verizon Wireless are currently the only U.S. operators that sell the iPhone . Sprint would be the only U.S. carrier offering an iPhone with an uncapped data subscription . T-Mobile also sells unlimited plans . Smartphones account for three-quarters of devices sold by T-Mobile , and 90 % of those run Google 's Android , an operating system that competes with Apple 's , Brodman said on Monday . The fourth-largest U.S. carrier , T-Mobile has struggled to attract new customers , as well as retain the ones it has since AT&T announced plans in March to acquire the company . AT&T executives have said that T-Mobile 's inability to negotiate for popular products like the iPhone and its lack of a viable plan to deploy a high-speed 4G LTE data network can explain its recent problems . "  We believe this transaction will eventually close , " Brodman , the marketing exec , said of the proposed AT&T deal that has been challenged by the federal government for being potentially anticompetitive . "  In either outcome , I think T-Mobile customers will inevitably win . " T-Mobile also introduced new products at the event on Monday . Two Android phones , Samsung 's Galaxy S II and HTC 's Amaze 4G , are coming soon . Another device , the Sonic 4G Mobile Hotspot , will allow customers to wirelessly get online and share files between devices .	T-Mobile USA will not be carrying the iPhone this year , an exec says The carrier has expressed its desire to carry Apple 's phone , he says Sprint will reportedly get the iPhone next month
CNN  -- Nine men have been charged with hazing for their alleged part in an initiation rite into a University of Florida fraternity earlier this year . The defendants , between the ages of 21 and 26 , are accused of "  endangering the mental or physical health or safety " of five pledges to the Alpha Phi Alpha chapter , according to documents filed this week in Florida 's 8th Judicial Circuit court . In that document , the nine are accused of "  striking  the pledges  with paddles and/or striking with hands and/or requiring the performance of calisthenics " on January 22 . No other details have been released . In February , days after the case came to light , university President Bernie Machen announced in an e-mail to students that Alpha Phi Alpha was being temporarily suspended in light of what he called a "  serious physical hazing incident . " Dave Kratzer , Florida 's vice president for student affairs , added at the time that no one was hospitalized after the incident but that the school felt compelled to act , regardless . "  It 's not in the realm of seriousness on the far end of things , when you think about what could have occurred with hazing , and we want to stop it now , " Kratzer told CNN . The executive director of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. said at the time that a cease-and-desist order was issued against the local chapter and stressed that "  hazing is dangerous and illegal and must stop ! " The historically black fraternity dates back to 1906 , when it was founded at Cornell University in Ithaca , New York . According to its website , Alpha Phi Alpha "  has a zero tolerance level in regards to hazing/pledging and strongly prohibits these illegal activities in any form . " The alleged hazing incident happened off the school 's Gainesville campus , according to Machen 's e-mail to students , which was obtained by CNN . The charges in the University of Florida case were filed Monday , two days before charges were announced against 13 people tied to an investigation into the case of Florida A&M University drum major Robert Champion -- whose November 2011 death , authorities have said , was a result of hazing . FAMU hazing suspects turning themselves in Eleven of those individuals face one count of third-degree felony hazing resulting in death , which is punishable by up to six years in prison , according to officials . By contrast , the hazing charges in the University of Florida case are all misdemeanors , said Spencer Mann , a spokesman for 8th Judicial Circuit State Attorney William Cervone 's office . If convicted , these men could be sentenced to one year in prison and be forced to pay as much as a $ 1,000 fine . The FAMU incident prompted Florida Gov. Rick Scott to order all state universities to examine their hazing and harassment policies in December . Scott also asked all university presidents to remind their students , faculty and staff "  how detrimental hazing can be . "	NEW : The misdemeanor charges are punishable by up to one year in prison Nine men , ages 21 to 26 , are charged with hazing , a court document shows They are accused of "  striking " Alpha Phi Alpha pledges with paddles and their hands The University of Florida and national fraternity have acted against the chapter
Tuscaloosa , Alabama  CNN  -- Dazed Southerners on Thursday comforted one another and began the process of rebuilding after a barrage of storms claimed nearly 300 lives and reduced once-familiar neighborhoods to piles of bricks and lumber . The grim death toll from the 24-hour storm period continued to rise , with 294 counted in six states . Among them were two university students in Alabama . Nearly 1 million customers were without electricity . The vast majority of fatalities occurred in Alabama , where at least 207 people perished , according to state and local officials . Gov. Robert Bentley and other officials stood Thursday afternoon in the bright sunshine in Tuscaloosa , the epicenter of the state 's misery , to detail the damage and recovery effort . "  People 's lives have just been turned upside down , " Bentley said . "  It affects me emotionally . When I fly over this , it is difficult . " The South endured the second deadliest tornado outbreak in the nation 's history since 1950 . Weather experts said humidity , cooler temperatures and vertical wind shear made for a deadly concoction . Live blog : Death toll rises in Southern storms The death toll in the hard-hit city of Tuscaloosa , in west-central Alabama , was at 38 as of Thursday , said Mayor Walter Maddox . Infrastructure losses are hurting recovery efforts , he said . "  My heart is broken , " Maddox told CNN late Thursday . "  We have a resilient spirit here and it will be on display for the world to see . " A breakdown provided by Bentley 's office showed that violent weather claimed lives in 19 Alabama counties , with Tuscaloosa County at the top of the list . Thirty-two people perished in DeKalb County in northeastern Alabama , and 14 died in Jefferson County , home to Birmingham . The death toll for Franklin County stood Thursday evening at 27 . Thirty-three people died in Mississippi since Tuesday , all but one on Wednesday and Thursday , emergency officials said . Tennessee emergency officials said 34 people died in that state . Fifteen were dead in Georgia , five in Virginia -- where authorities revised an earlier count down from eight -- and one in Arkansas . The outbreak officially started Monday , and Arkansas officials said they have lost 13 residents since then . See hi-res photos of the devastation CNN iReporter Thomas I. Carroll Jr. , 47 , who grew up in Smithville , Mississippi , took photos of the town , which suffered at least 13 deaths . He said at least half the city was gone . "  It looks like something out of Kansas . It 's not expected in Mississippi , " said the dentist , who rushed over Wednesday afternoon to check on his parents , whose house was damaged but they were uninjured . Search crews were looking for the missing in the city of about 900 . Entire neighborhoods were leveled and hundreds of thousands of people were without power in the affected regions . As of 6 p.m.  7 p.m. ET  , Alabama Power said about 297,000 customers had no electricity . The Tennessee Valley Authority reported 641,000 customers were without power as of 8:30 p.m. ET , at least half of them in northern Alabama . Thursday evening , about 49,000 people in Georgia were without power , according to Georgia Power and the Georgia Electric Membership Corp. . "  This could be one of the most devastating tornado outbreaks in the nation 's history by the time it 's over , " CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . Outbreak could set tornado record , experts say It was n't just the incredible winds and funnel clouds that made conditions miserable for millions . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal declared a state of emergency in preparation for the Mississippi River cresting well above flood level . In Mississippi , Gov. Haley Barbour advised residents to prepare for levels 3 feet higher than in 2008 . Long before the death toll mushroomed , governors in Alabama , Mississippi and Georgia had declared states of emergency within their borders . Virginia followed suit Thursday . Barbour said he was asking for a statewide emergency declaration . "  Our efforts are to put lives and businesses back together , " Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal said . President Barack Obama on Thursday called the loss of life from storms in the South "  heartbreaking , " especially in Alabama . The "  federal government will do everything we can to help  people affected by the deadly storms  recover , " he said . Storms leave trail of destruction across South Obama announced late Wednesday he had approved Bentley 's request for emergency federal assistance , including search and rescue support . The White House said Obama will travel to Alabama on Friday . Bentley said Thursday he is asking Obama for a major disaster declaration . According to FEMA , such declarations are made when "  an incident is of such severity and magnitude that effective response is beyond state and local capabilities and that federal assistance is necessary . " In the DeKalb County , Alabama town of Rainsville , 25 bodies were recovered near a trailer park , said Police Chief Charles Centers . Many people are unaccounted for , Centers said . The Nuclear Regulatory Commission said it was monitoring the Browns Ferry nuclear power plant near Athens in north Alabama , about 32 miles west of Huntsville , after it lost off-site power Wednesday night due to the storms . The three units at the plant shut down automatically when power was lost , it said . TVA spokeswoman Barbara Martocci told CNN no radiation was released as a result of the shutdown , and the plant is currently in a safe shutdown mode . At least one strong tornado swept through Tuscaloosa , leaving dozens of roads impassable and destroying hundreds of homes and businesses . Resident James Sykes said the massive twister was "  like a silent monster . It was just moving at a steady rate and just demolishing everything in its path . " Read the stories of tornado survivors "  It literally obliterated blocks and blocks of the city , " Maddox , the Tuscaloosa mayor , said . He told CNN Thursday morning the devastation was "  unparalleled ... the city 's infrastructure has been absolutely decimated . " The University of Alabama , located in Tuscaloosa , escaped mostly unscathed , but two students died . "  From my understanding , these were two separate incidents , " spokesman Bill McDaniel said . "  The students are not believed to have been together . " McDaniel did not have details on who the students were or where they were at the time . The university will not conduct final exams as scheduled next week and commencement has been rescheduled from May 7 to August 6 , according to the school 's website . Bentley activated 2,000 National Guard troops Wednesday night and said he will activate more if necessary . In Mississippi , Barbour said he had also activated the National Guard . National Guard spokesman Maj. Tom Crosson in Washington said about 120 troops were in Mississippi and 50 more in Arkansas . Witnesses recount tornado encounters More than 1,700 people were treated for injuries at trauma centers and hospitals in Alabama , including those treated and released . A Facebook page was set up for users to claim photos and documents found strewn by the storms . "  House mortgage from Tuscaloosa found in Rainbow City , " said the caption on one photo . The two cities are 116 miles apart . Several meteorological conditions combined Wednesday to create a particularly dangerous mix , CNN 's Morris said . "  It is tornado season , but an intensive event like this only will occur maybe once or twice a year , " he said . "  It 's very rare to have all these ingredients come together . " Eight people died and 28 were hospitalized in the agricultural community of Apison , east of Chattanooga , Tennessee . Is severe weather affecting you ? Share stories , photos and video "  We have an overabundance of volunteers and donated food , " said county emergency services spokeswoman Amy Maxwell . Animals were among storm victims in Apison , Maxwell said . "  We had to put down a horse that had a broken leg and another was killed when a barn collapsed on it . " The town of Ringgold , Georgia , about 17 miles southeast of Chattanooga , was hit particularly hard , officials said . The storm also unleashed as many as 80,000 chickens in Pickens County , Georgia , after four huge coops were destroyed . A tornado severely damaged Reba Self 's Ringgold home in a matter of seconds . For a time , she thought she had lost much more than just a place to live , as she frantically searched for her mother , who also lives in the house . Impact Your World : How to help "  I 'm screaming for her , ` Answer me , Mom -- please , Mom , answer me . ' I did n't hear anything . It turns out she had gotten out of the house and walked around to the basement door , and she asked me if I was OK . " Self told CNN Radio she believes her mother is still in shock over what happened . The storms are being compared to the "  super outbreak " of tornadoes April 3 and 4 , 1974 , Craig Fugate , the FEMA administrator , said Thursday . In that period , 148 tornadoes were reported in 13 states , and 330 people died . States affected were Alabama , Georgia , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Michigan , Mississippi , North Carolina , Ohio , South Carolina , Tennessee , Virginia and West Virginia . CNN 's Reynolds Wolf , Martin Savidge , Vivian Kuo , Devon Sayers , Dave Alsup , Phil Gast , Lesa Jansen , Ashley Hayes , Kevin Conlon , Barbara Starr , Ben Smith , Matt Cherry , Susan Candiotti and Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	Virginia revises death toll downward Two University of Alabama students are killed Nearly 1 million customers without power Death toll nears 200 in Alabama
Amir Mirzaie Hekmati , an American sentenced to death in Iran for espionage , has 20 days to appeal his case , according to Iranian law . "  If the sentence is appealed , then the Court of Appeals will hear the case . If not , then the sentence is final , " judiciary spokesman Mohseni Ejeie said , according to the semi-official Iranian Student News Agency . The statement was the first by a judiciary official , regarding the trail and the sentence . Hekmati 's family has hired a high-profile lawyer with success in negotiating with Tehran to seek his release . "  We 're prepared to open up a line of communication with the government , " attorney Pierre Prosper said . "  Our hope is that they will talk with us . " The goal is to remove the case from the political realm . "  This case is entrapped in an intense political environment , " he said . Prosper is a former ambassador-at-large for war crimes under the Bush administration and a prosecutor for the Rwanda tribunal at The Hague . He successfully negotiated with the Iranian government for last year 's release of Reza Taghavi , an Iranian-American businessman detained for more than two years in Iran before being freed in 2010 . Attorney who negotiated Iranian-American 's release takes on case Prosper said his next step is to revive the contacts he dealt with in dealing with Reza Taghavi 's case and try to meet directly with Iranian authorities . Taghavi 's release was the product of three trips by Prosper to Iran , meetings with Iranian officials in New York and Europe , and close to 300 e-mails with Iranian officials . On Monday , the semi-official Fars news agency reported that a court had convicted Hekmati of "  working for an enemy country , " as well as membership in the CIA and "  efforts to accuse Iran of involvement in terrorism . " Hekmati 's family and the U.S. government deny the allegations . The sentence came down five months after Hekmati 's arrest . In Flint , Michigan , where the Hekmatis live , the community rallied around them . "  It 's horrible . I feel very bad for them , " family friend Holly Ochodnicky told CNN affiliate WDIV-TV . "  They 're a great family . They 're good people . " The news came amid rising tensions between the United States and Iran . The International Atomic Energy Agency confirmed Monday that uranium enrichment has begun at a nuclear facility in northern Iran . U.S. State Department strongly condemned the verdict . "  Allegations that Mr. Hekmati either worked for or was sent to Iran by the CIA are simply untrue , " said department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . "  The Iranian regime has a history of falsely accusing people of being spies , of eliciting forced confessions , and of holding innocent Americans for political reasons . " The department urged Iran "  to grant the Swiss protecting power immediate access to Mr. Hekmati , grant him access to legal counsel , and release him without delay . " In the absence of diplomatic relations between the United States and Iran , Switzerland serves as the "  protecting power " for U.S. interests in the country . The complexities of the situation were n't lost at Mott Community College , where Hekmati attended and his father is a professor . "  Amir Hekmati is a pawn in this battle between two very powerful countries , " school representative Michael Kelly also told WDIV . "  Our concern here at the college is to protect the family . They are in a very difficult situation . " Hekmati 's parents said they were "  shocked and terrified " by the news . "  We believe that this verdict is the result of a process that was neither transparent nor fair , " Behnaz Hekmati wrote in a statement on behalf of herself and her husband , Ali . "  Amir did not engage in any acts of spying , or ` fighting against God , ' as the convicting judge has claimed in his sentence . Amir is not a criminal . His very life is being exploited for political gain , " the statement said . "  A grave error has been committed , and we have authorized our legal representatives to make direct contact with the Iranian authorities to find a solution to this misunderstanding . We pray that Iran will show compassion and not murder our son , Amir , a natural born American citizen , who was visiting Iran and his relatives for the first time . " The statement also said Iran was denying that Amir is a U.S. citizen . The family is working with a public relations firm and has launched a website -- FreeAmir.org . "  Maybe , and it 's only a maybe , maybe there 's a possibility that some international pressure might encourage the Iranians to issue a stay of clemency of some kind , " political professor and family friend Paul Rozycki told CNN affiliate WEYI-TV . Until now , Hekmati was represented by a government-appointed lawyer , despite his family 's repeated efforts to hire a private lawyer for him . Hekmati was arrested in August while visiting his grandmother and other relatives , his family in Michigan said last month . The Hekmatis said their son served in the Marines from 2001 to 2005 . Later , he started his own linguistics company and contracted his services to the military as well as civilian businesses . His military contracts included cultural competency training . He worked with troops at military bases to promote understanding and positive communication with people of other cultures , his family said . Iran 's notorious secretive trials have been assailed by human rights groups and governments around the globe . The U.S. State Department 's annual human rights report on Iran says the court system is , in practice , "  corrupt and subject to political influence . " And while the country 's constitution provides a defendant the right to a public trial , presumption of innocence , and a lawyer of his or her choice , "  These rights were not respected in practice . " Hekmati is the latest in a series of Americans to face arrest in the country in recent years . Three U.S. hikers , also accused of spying , were arrested in 2009 and ultimately released . Sarah Shourd was freed on medical grounds in 2010 ; Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer were freed in September 2011 . Journalist Roxana Saberi was arrested in January 2009 and convicted of espionage in a one-day trial that was closed to the public . She was freed in May that year . Iranian-American Kian Tajbakhsh was among many people arrested in July 2009 , amid post-election protests and a massive government crackdown . Exactly what he was convicted of was not clear . In March the next year , he was allowed temporary release within the country to celebrate the Persian New Year . That temporary release was later extended , according to the website freekian09.org , which works for his release .	Hekmati 's family has hired a lawyer with success in negotiating with Tehran He is sentenced to death for espionage An Iranian court of appeals would hear the case , if it 's appealed Hekmati 's parents are "  shocked and terrified " by the news
CNN  -- Several years ago , Satwant Singh Kaleka put a large American flag in the front of his yard , raising the eyebrows of his children , who thought it might be considered an eyesore . Kaleka pointed out there were no homes nearby with flags , and he wanted to show that the United States was a land of opportunity , said his son , Amardeep Kaleka . The elder Kaleka , 65 , served as president of the Sikh temple in Oak Creek , Milwaukee , scene of Sunday morning 's mass shooting . He was one of six community members killed . Sikhs react to the Wisconsin temple shooting "  He lived the American dream , " Amardeep Kaleka told CNN . His father brought his family to the United States with little money but a strong work ethic in the early 1980s . The flag also was a form of protection for the family , Satwant Kaleka told them . It stood at half-staff Monday evening as the family grieved . The six killed in Sunday 's attack were identified by police as five men -- Kaleka ; Sita Singh , 41 ; Ranjit Singh , 49 ; Prakash Singh , 39 , and Suveg Singh , 84 -- and a woman , 41-year-old Paramjit Kaur . "  She was a good woman . She was a great mom , " said Kaur 's son , Harpreet Saini , 18 . Kaur and her family immigrated to the United States eight years ago . "  She lived for us . She worked for us . Anything she did , it was for us , " said her older son Kamal Saini , 20 . "  If there was n't enough to eat it was always us before she ate . " When Kaur was in the temple praying on Sunday , "  My aunt told her that there was a shooting going on outside , we need to get up and leave , " said Kamal Saini . "  Rather than just getting up and leaving , she wanted to just bow down and pray for the last time and then get up and leave . She was just getting up . She was shot in the back . " Her dream was for her sons to be educated . "  She told us education is everything here , " said Kamal Saini . His mother 's death "  took my world away , " he said . Both young men plan to pursue careers in law enforcement . "  I wanted her to see me in uniform , " Kamal Saini said . Another victim , Suveg Singh , spent every day at the temple , said his granddaughter , Sandeep Khattra . "  He is always there , and he 's with the community and anybody who is willing to listen , " said Khattra . "  He educated them about our religion . " Belief blog : Who are Sikhs ? The victim 's family told CNN they will return to their temple . His son , Baljander Singh Khattra , said Suveg Singh was friendly and a "  very strong person . " Prakash Singh was a priest who recently immigrated to the United States with his wife and two young children , said Justice Singh Khalsa , a temple member since the 1990s . Amardeep Kaleka said people called to tell him that his father saved many lives Sunday . The son said he was not surprised his father tried to stop the gunman at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin . "  It 's an amazing act of heroism , but it 's also exactly who he was , " Amardeep Kaleka told CNN Milwaukee affiliate WTMJ . "  There was no way in God 's green Earth that he would allow somebody to come in and do that without trying his best to stop it . " Remembering the victims Amardeep Kaleka said the FBI told him his father attacked the shooter in the lobby , resulting in a "  blood struggle . " A knife close to the victim 's body showed blood on it , he said . "  From what we understand , he basically fought to the very end and suffered gunshot wounds while trying to take down the gunman , " said Kanwardeep Singh Kaleka , Satwant 's nephew . Satwant Kaleka 's wife , Satpal , hid with several other women , telling them to remain quiet during the horrific incident . The gunman came into the kitchen and shot and wounded two women , she told CNN . "  I grabbed everybody and said run , run to the pantry . " Amardeep Kaleka said his father worked hard and was an honest man . "  I would love for them  the public  to know that he lived his life with the principles that he knew and he was taught at a young age . It made him highly successful in America . " President Barack Obama signed a proclamation honoring the victims , ordering that U.S. flags be flown at half-staff at federal facilities and buildings . Vigils were held Monday night , and one is set for Tuesday . The Sikh temple in Brookfield , northwest of Oak Creek , was to hold a candlelight vigil late Monday . The Rev. Paul Armstrong of Oak Creek Community United Methodist Church , site of a Monday evening prayer vigil , said the diverse array of faiths in the community have an opportunity to further deepen bonds . "  There 's a few of us who will be calling folks together to organize some more interfaith services , " he told CNN . Opinion : An American tradition of bigotry "  Being in mission to the world is something we share , " Armstrong said of his faith and the Sikh community . "  Their hospitality is wonderful . That is something the Christian community is called to do . " The vigil was held outdoors , and a survivor of the temple shooting spoke , according to Armstrong . "  The focus was to express our sorrow and that all of us can be lights of the world , " he said . Navdeep Singh , a policy adviser to the Sikh American Legal Defense and Education Fund , says Sikhs believe in freedom of religion , community service and inclusiveness . At temples , or gurdwaras , where Sikhs hold services , everyone is welcome . "  You can come and be equal , " he says . Opinion : Sikh temple shooting is act of terrorism CNN 's Poppy Harlow , Steve Almasy , and Josh Levs contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	NEW : Sons of woman killed : ` She lived for us ' Satwant Singh Kaleka was a hero , his son says Vigils held at Sikh temple , other locations Victim Suveg Singh educated others about his religion
CNN  -- Pemba Sherpa had already reached Camp 1 on Mount Everest when he heard the loud and chilling bang of the avalanche . He knew his father was behind him on the Khumbu Icefall and ran down the mountain , only to find the devastation of ice , snow and baggage scattered everywhere . "  I thought he abandoned his load and ran to safety , " he tells me , almost whispering . "  But I could not find him amid the commotion at base camp . Then I saw the helicopters , with the bodies on the suspended ropes , and I knew I lost my dad . " Ang Tshiring 's body was taken to Lukla , a tourist town where most who embark on a trip to Everest Base Camp start out . From there , Pemba and his brother carried him home themselves on foot , a trek that took seven hours along the mountain trail . Unforgiving land of few opportunities Ang Tshiring , 57 , was a high altitude cook . For the past 15 years , during the climbing season , he spent one month at Everest Base Camp and one month at Camp 2 , at 6,100 meters . Two months to earn $ 1,500 , meant to last the year . Ang Tshiring was famous for always showing happiness . Climbers who knew him remember him as a funny man , laughing and joking all the time , never angry , always kind . His son Pemba , 37 , lives with the family in Thamo , a small village of 50 souls located in the Thame Valley in the Khumbu , where the country 's greatest ethnic Sherpa climbers live , well off the beaten track of Nepal 's Everest Base Camp trail . The Thame Valley suffered the biggest loss of life from April 's Everest tragedy that killed 13 guides  another three are still missing and presumed dead  , the deadliest accident in the history of the world 's highest peak . Here , every man , if not in school or too old , is involved in climbing expeditions . They have few other choices . Little grows but the odd patch of potatoes . Few tourists pass by and yak herding is an insufficient way to make a living . Cut off from the economic tourism opportunities that the rest of Nepal 's Kumbhu region enjoys , uncontaminated by progress , the Thame Valley retains the atmosphere of ancient Himalaya -- which for centuries nurtured the Western utopian dream that a secret land of happiness may exist somewhere among the impenetrable snow-capped mountains . The villages are marked by the vernacular architecture of slate-roofed houses . Traders still cross the perilous high passes into Tibet with their cargo of salt and wool as they 've done since ancient times . There 's an abundance of pagodas , monasteries , stone walls carved with mantras , wheels containing prayer scrolls and sacred shrines . Thousands of colorful flags flutter in clusters , offering prayers to be carried along by the wind . Everest avalanche : American climber recounts how Sherpa saved his life A time to earn merit , not mourn In Ang Tshiring 's home , feelings of sadness are eclipsed by spiritual duty . "  All that matters now are the puja , " says Ang Riku , his widow , referring to a series of prayers and rituals . Her focus is on directing special prayers aimed at purifying and earning merit for Ang Tshiring 's spirit . Nothing else holds relevance for her -- not the political demands of the Sherpas , nor the discussions raging on social media worldwide , nor whether someone will climb Everest from the Nepal side of the mountain this year . She 's silencing her mourning and sorrow to give all of herself for the benefit of Ang Tshiring . The Sherpa follow one of the Tibetan sects of Buddhism , Nyingmapa , and believe that 49 days after Ang Tshiring 's death , his next life is determined and he may reborn . Ang Riku is concerned . She says accidental deaths are a bad way to go . It means Ang Tshiring 's consciousness was in confusion when he died , and that affects his afterlife and rebirth . The more people involved in the prayers , the better the chances of a superior reincarnation . Ang Riku and Ang Tshiring 's private quarters have been transformed into a prayer room , and we all sleep together on the floor of the main hall . Early in the morning , Ang Riku and I plan to go to the three isolated monasteries of Ginupa , Charok and Laudo , located high on the steep hills above Thamo . Immersed in nature , they 're a retreat for ascetics and much revered by local communities . On the kitchen table are several kilograms of rice , three bottles of Coke , a few pats of butter and sugar . Her son , Pemba , has already left for Namche Bazar to meet the management of the company his father worked for to discuss what support they can offer . "  You are my porter , " Ang Riku says , bursting into a laugh , and I 'm glad that she finds my presence amusing . High cost of devotion Ang Riku climbs the yak trails with determination , stopping every few minutes to catch her breath . We pass through forests of juniper , continuously climbing until we reach the clouds and the monasteries hidden in them . At each gompa  monastery  , the same ritual takes place . The lama  priest  offers us butter or milk tea and food . We politely decline , but the lama insists and we accept . We barely empty half of our bowls when the lama comes to fill them again . We decline , he insists , we accept again . Then Ang Riku offers money for the lama to perform the puja . The lama declines , she insists , he accepts . This display of generosity is a fundamental aspect that governs the relationship of the Sherpas . Next , Ang Riku prepares a copper plate full of rice , the equivalent of $ 30 , and a ceremonial white scarf that the lama will use for the prayers . We pay our respects in the monastery 's prayer room . Before leaving , the lama puts the ceremonial scarf around Ang Riku 's neck . It 's an emotional moment , the only time Ang Riku lets her emotions overtake her . She cries , holding the hands of the lama , abandoning herself in his support . After six or seven bowls of noodles and a dozen teas , we head back home . Ang Riku 's face is relaxed . She 's carried out important deeds for her husband . But today was just a small part of the funeral rites . Ang Riku also sends bags with salt , butter , rice and money to 500 families in the valley , so they 'll recite prayers for Ang Tshiring . She says she sent similar bags to many monasteries in the Kumbhu and in special holy places as far as India . The cost of such devotion is high . To confirm a day of puja in a large monastery costs $ 1,300 . The total expenditure will be upward of $ 10,000 , significantly more than the life insurance that the government pledged after many protests by the Sherpas . Ang Riku says she had to ask for a loan at the market at an interest rate of 25 % per year -- she does n't have the collateral to borrow from banks . Climbers head home as Everest Sherpas refuse to work "  I wonder if I will come back alive ? " Although the world regards them as high altitude guides and porters , most Sherpas do n't want to be mountain climbers on Everest . Better jobs are available for many in the other valleys of the Khumbu that cater to trekking tourists . But here in the Thame Valley , there are n't many options . "  Every time I go on a climbing expedition , I wonder if I will come back alive , " says Pemba . "  I feel sad , but I have to do this job for my family . I 've summited Everest 14 times and I 've always brought a photograph of my family with me . " Though more catastrophic than usual , this year 's tragedy was no great surprise for those in the Thame Valley , who have become familiar the loss of life that almost always occurs in April and May . The only difference , Pemba tells me , is that "  this year was particularly unlucky . " The Sherpas ' approach to religion includes an animist tradition that holds that mountains and other natural features are the abodes of deities that can make men suffer if they fail to respect them . I offer a puja in the monastery for Ang Tshiring in the afternoon and ask Lopsang , a young monk who says he escaped from Tibet , the reason behind the bad luck . "  I do n't know if the god of the moun	Ang Tshiring , 57 , was among the 16 killed in this year 's Mount Everest avalanche In Nepal 's Thame Valley , villagers have few employment options other than to work in the climbing industry For families of deceased , sadness now eclipsed by spiritual duty
Members of the powerful Gambino and Bonanno crime families were among 24 people arrested Tuesday in New York and several cities in Italy in a major anti-mafia raid , authorities said . The FBI and Italian police carried out the raid as part of operation "  New Bridge , " which targeted more than 40 people for international drug trafficking and organized crime in connection with the ` Ndrangheta mafia , officials added . Italian police arrested 17 suspects , anti-mafia prosecutor Franco Roberti told reporters at a news conference in Rome . The FBI arrested seven people in New York in a coordinated raid , he added , including members of the Gambino and Bonanno families . The U.S. Attorney 's Office in the Eastern District of New York named these seven suspects as ` Ndrangheta member Raffaele Valente , also known as "  Lello , " Gambino associate Franco Lupoi , Bonanno associate Charles Centaro , also known as "  Charlie Pepsi , " Dominic Ali , Alexander Chan , Christos Fasarakis , and Jose Alfredo Garcia , also known as "  Freddy . " The defendants are charged with drug trafficking , money laundering and firearms offenses , "  based , in part , on their participation in a transnational heroin and cocaine trafficking conspiracy involving the ` Ndrangheta , one of Italy 's most powerful organized crime syndicates , " it said . All seven pleaded not guilty Tuesday to the various charges in a federal court in Brooklyn . Afterward , four of the men -- Valente , Lupoi , Chan and Garcia -- were held without bail , though bail could become an option later . In addition to the drug and money laundering charges , Valente and Lupoi are also charged with selling an unregistered firearm silencer . Meanwhile , Centaro , Fasarakis and Ali all were free on bail . In addition to surrendering their passports , their travel within the United States is limited as well . Ali 's bond was $ 1.4 million bond , and bond was $ 1 million for the other two . Investigators speaking at the news conference in Rome said the money found in the raids amounted to hundreds of thousands of dollars . The operations in Italy were carried out in the southern region of Calabria , home of the ` Ndrangheta syndicate , and in the cities of Naples , Caserta , Torino , Benevento and Catanzaro . The Italian mafia family involved in the alliance , or "  bridge , " with the Gambino family , is called Ursino Ionica . Tuesday 's operation was the first ever jointly run by U.S. and Italian police targeting the ties between the two countries ' ` Ndrangheta mafia families , investigators said . Anti-mafia prosecutors in Calabria have been carrying out an investigation over the past two years , and Italian police compiled a 2,000-page report detailing what was learned , including information from phone wiretaps . U.S. Attorney : ` Lasting blow ' The Italian national anti-mafia body , which coordinated the investigation and operation , alleges that the ` Ndrangheta is behind a ring of drug trafficking between South and Central America , Canada , the United States and Italy . U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch said the operation had "  dealt a lasting blow " to the ` Ndrangheta 's efforts to gain a foothold in New York . "  The ` Ndrangheta is an exceptionally dangerous , sophisticated and insidious criminal organization , with tentacles stretching from Italy to countries around the world , " she said . "  The defendant Lupoi sought to use his connections with both ` Ndrangheta and the Gambino crime family to extend his own criminal reach literally around the globe . " Together , the accused sought to move cocaine and heroin into the United States under the guise of legitimate shipping operations , with the help of a corrupt official at the port of Gioia Tauro , in Calabria , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said . Lupoi , from Brooklyn , has lived in Calabria and used his connections with both the Gambino organized crime family and the ` Ndrangheta to pursue international criminal activity , it said . Among those arrested in Italy are his father-in-law , Antonio Simonetta , and his cousin , Francesco Ursino , it said . During two joint FBI-Italian operations in Italy , Lupoi and Ursino sold more than 1.3 kilograms of heroin to an FBI undercover agent for what they believed was eventual distribution in the United States , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said . In New York , Lupoi , Chan and Garcia sold the undercover agent more than a kilogram of heroin , it added . Cocaine found in canned fruit shipment Lupoi , 44 , is also accused of plotting to smuggle 500 kilograms of cocaine , concealed in frozen food , in shipping containers from Guyana , in South America , to Calabria , thanks to connections with Mexican drug cartels operating in Guyana . Italian court documents show the conspiracy slowed after shipping containers from a Guyanese shipping company were seized in Malaysia and found to contain more than $ 7 million in cocaine hidden in cans labeled as containing coconut milk and pineapple , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said . Investigators said at the news conference that the Mexico-Calabria connection was established in New York . Law enforcement officials are still trying to establish how the drug traveled from Mexico to Guyana but said that some of the suspects took trips to Latin America following their New York meetings . The illegal traffic of drugs between the United States and Italy stopped by police could have earned the mafia millions of euros , authorities said , though they declined to give an exact figure . Raffaele Grassi , head of the Criminal Unit of the Italian State Police , told reporters that the operation demonstrated that the " ` Ndrangheta is one of the strongest organizations in the world in illegal drug trade . " He cited its sophisticated network of contacts and its ability to adapt and find new markets , including "  expanding beyond Italian borders . " Historic links Grassi said that historically , the Gambino family had had ties with the Sicilian Mafia , Cosa Nostra . But their involvement in the illegal traffic of heroin , known as the "  Pizza Connection , " was dismantled or severely curtailed in the 1980s , he said , and they are now trading mainly cocaine . The latest operation , according to Grassi and FBI officials , shows that the mafia families of the "  new continent " are still seeking and relying on "  old country " connections -- which is why investigators dubbed the operation "  New Bridge . " According to Grassi , the Italian-American mafia families "  need this new bridge to connect and support the traffic of cocaine . " While the existence of a connection between the Calabrian mafia and U.S. mafia families has been well known , Tuesday 's operation shows its great strength and reach , investigators said . One of the more alarming discoveries to emerge from the operation was evidence that ` Ndrangheta has also reached out to the Far East in the heroin trade , another investigator said .	No bail for 4 U.S. suspects ; bond was set for 3 others , and all were released U.S. justice officials accuse these 7 arrested in New York of drug trafficking The raids zero in on the Calabrian mafia , the ` Ndrangheta ; 17 arrested in Italy It is the first such joint crackdown on ties between mafia families in the United States and Italy
CNN  -- A cholera outbreak has erupted this summer in Africa , killing more than 600 people in the neighboring countries of Nigeria and Cameroon . Nigeria 's Health Ministry said more than 350 people have died since June and the infection threatens to spread to the entire country , the most populous in Africa . In neighboring Cameroon , nearly 300 people have been killed . "  There 's a lot of people crossing over the border all the time , " said Dr. Eric Mintz , the leader of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's global water sanitation and hygiene epidemiology team . "  So it 's not surprising that the cholera is also crossing over the border . " Nigeria 's outbreak had sickened more than 6,400 people and killed 352 people by Wednesday , the federal Ministry of Health reported . "  Although most of the outbreaks occurred in the northwest and northeast zones , epidemiological evidence indicates that the entire country is at risk , " the ministry reported . Cholera occurs in much of the country under normal conditions , but the lack of clean drinking water and recent flooding following heavy rains are fueling the spread of disease , the ministry reported . Two-thirds of rural Nigerians lack access to safe drinking water , and fewer than 40 percent of the people in the affected states have access "  to toilet facilities of any description , " the health ministry said . The intestinal infection causes diarrhea and vomiting that can cause severe dehydration without prompt attention , according to the World Health Organization . About 120,000 people die worldwide each year from cholera , and the disease can kill within hours if untreated , the World Health Organization says . Cholera is spread through water contaminated with human waste . "  What puts people at risk is a lack of safe drinking water , " Mintz said . Boiling the water or treating it with chlorine or filtration or other ways to remove the contaminants can make it safe . Untreated , cholera can kill within hours , WHO said . Mintz said the Cameroon outbreak began in May and has exceeded 3,000 cases . Under ideal conditions , cholera 's fatality rate ought to be less than 1 percent , he said . But Cameroon 's conditions are not ideal . Many people live far from the medical aid that could help them rehydrate and replace the sodium and potassium lost in their stools and vomit . "  That delay can be critical , " Mintz said . "  If you do n't get the fluids and the electrolytes replaced through hydration , you can go into shock and die as a result . " The country 's northern region has been particularly hard hit . Three of 10 prisoners diagnosed with cholera at Maroua Central Prison in the far north were among the dead , the officials said . Mintz said the rugged and remote region has been affected repeatedly by cholera epidemics , most recently last year . About 70 percent of people living in the country 's far north , bordering Nigeria and Chad and the Central African Republic , do not have access to potable water , according to a Ministry of Water and Energy official .	Flooding fuels an outbreak in Nigeria "  The entire country is at risk , " the government says A cholera epidemic is also raging in neighboring Cameroon
Pedro Valdez , a Vietnam veteran , wanted help . And he knew where to get it -- through the Phoenix VA -- or so he thought . Again and again , starting in December 2012 , Valdez would try to schedule with -- and would even show up to see -- doctors at Department of Veterans Affairs medical facilities in Arizona about his shortness of breath , according to his daughter . He thought he had gotten confirmed appointments ; even toting cards with a specific date and time . "  He 'd have the card in hand , go to check in , and they 'd tell him , ` Mr. Valdez , you do n't have an appointment in the computer . We have no idea what you 're talking about , " his daughter Priscella Valdez told CNN . In October 2013 , Pedro Valdez showed up at his daughter 's house after going in for another appointment that never happened . His daughter set out then to make sure Valdez had a firm time in the VA computers , not just written down on a card . The next available slot he could get , after all that effort , was in three months , on January 6 , 2014 , according to his daughter . Pedro Valdez never made it . On New Year 's Eve 2013 , he struggled for breath and was rushed to a private hospital . Valdez was diagnosed with acute respiratory failure ; "  he was only breathing at 50 % , " according to his daughter . The next day , he was in intensive care . And six days later -- on January 7 , a day after he was to finally see a doctor at the Phoenix VA -- he was dead . He was 66 . Priscella Valdez remembers her dad as a man who "  made it out of a gruesome , gruesome , gruesome war , " who dutifully worked in construction , who raised three children on his own and who never put himself first . More than anything , she remembers him as her "  best friend . " She believes that the system that was supposed to care for him -- a man who 'd risked his life for his country -- instead let him down . "  They took a man and broke him down and kicked him when he was down , when he needed them , " Priscella Valdez said . " ... These people who were supposed to take care of him are able to live freely . " The Valdez family is not the first to levy accusations against the federal agency charged with overseeing health care and benefits of veterans and their dependents . CNN first reported six months ago about allegations of alarming shortcomings within the VA medical care system that , according to the VA , led to 23 deaths . The VA 's troubled history The allegations include the possible destruction of a secret waiting list for care at the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Health Care System . There have also been claims of delayed care and cooked books at VA facilities nationwide . The VA did not respond to a CNN request for a response to the Valdez family 's specific allegation . And because of privacy laws , it is hard to know if Pedro Valdez was on anyone 's list at the Phoenix VA , secret or not . Phoenix officials deny there 's a secret wait list The VA 's Office of the Inspector General is now investigating these various allegations at 26 VA facilities , and there have been hearings on Capitol Hill . Priscella Valdez has been among those speaking up ; CNN first learned of her family 's story after she appeared at a forum in Phoenix featuring Sen. John McCain in the wake of the scandal . Much of the focus has been on the VA 's management back in Washington , including calls for Secretary Eric Shinseki to be fired . Yet Priscella Valdez says no one looking into this matter can fully comprehend the frustration and the torment experienced by families like hers , who just want their loved ones looked after in a fair , responsible , humane way . "  I do n't think anybody clearly understands what 's going on , " she says , "  unless you actually lived it and you 're going through it . " VA investigating Florida hospital wait lists	Pedro Valdez repeatedly tried , failed to get appointments with Phoenix VA , his daughter says He ended up being hospitalized before seeing a VA doctor ; he died in January The VA has n't responded to this specific claim , but is looking into general allegations Valdez 's daughter : The VA "  kicked him when he was down , when he needed them "
CNN  -- F1 history will be made in Friday 's first practice at the Italian Grand Prix when Ma Qing Hua takes to the Monza track for HRT . Qing Hua will become the first Chinese driver to compete in an official F1 competition when he takes over from India 's Narain Karthikeyan for the session . The 24-year-old will not compete in the actual race , but is pleased to be closer to fulfilling that ambition by rubbing shoulders with the likes of title leader Fernando Alonso of Ferrari . "  This is a very important step towards my dream of becoming a Formula One driver , " he told the official F1 website . "  I 'm excited , but also calm about it because I 've been training hard in the past months to be prepared when the opportunity presented itself . " Qing Hua acquired his FIA super license , which allows him to compete in F1 , during a test earlier this year at Silverstone . He has previously competed in Formula Renault , A1 Grand Prix and Formula Three as well as winning last year 's Chinese Touring Car Championship . HRT team boss Luis Perez-Sala has had no hesitation in giving the young driver his chance to compete at the top level . "  He has proven himself as a quick and safe driver with a great capability to adapt , besides also possessing a very positive and professional attitude . "  Without a doubt , this is a very important step which comes with great responsibility , but we consider he 's prepared to take it on . " HRT has yet to register a point for either of its drivers , Spain 's Pedro de la Rosa or Karthikeyan , with a best finish of 13th this season .	Ma Qing Hua to drive HRT in first practice session of Italian GP at Monza Qing Hua will become the first Chinese driver in official F1 competition He will take over from India 's Narain Karthikeyan for the session The 24-year-old acquired his FIA super license earlier this season
Philadelphia  CNN  -- When Yashodo Gurung left her mother 's side at a West Philadelphia abortion clinic , she thought the 41-year-old woman was napping while she awaited her medical procedure . But now , as testimony Tuesday in the trial of the clinic 's doctor indicated , Gurung wonders if maybe her mother was in fact dead when Gurung was asked by a staffer at the Women 's Medical Society to return to the waiting room at the front of the clinic . "  I thought she was peaceful and sleeping , " the a 26-year-old Bhutanese refugee said through a translator , wiping her eyes with a tissue . Dr. Kermit Gosnell faces eight counts of murder in the deaths of seven babies and that of Gurung 's mother , Karnamaya Mongar , of Virginia , who died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion . Authorities accuse Gosnell , 72 , of using scissors to sever the spinal cords of fetuses who emerged from their mothers still alive . Medical examiner had to thaw fetal remains in Philly abortion case He has pleaded not guilty . His defense attorney , Jack McMahon , has maintained that none of the infants was killed ; rather , they were already deceased as a result of Gosnell previously administering an abortion drug . Mongar died November 19 , 2009 , after overdosing on anesthetics prescribed by the doctor , Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said following the arrest of Gosnell and before a gag order was put in place preventing attorneys and now jurors from speaking to the media . Williams called the facility "  a house of horrors " that performed "  botched and illegal abortions " and that was full of containers of fetuses ' body parts . Born in Bhutan , Mongar spent 18 years living in a bamboo hut in a Nepalese refugee camp before coming to the United States in July 2009 as part of a humanitarian resettlement program , the family 's attorney , Bernard Smalley , told CNN in 2011 following the release of the grand jury report . The mother of three and grandmother of one was 19 weeks into her pregnancy when she went to Gosnell 's practice . Gurung testified that while she waited with her mother for several hours , she saw her mother given multiple doses of medicine in pill form . Gurung also saw her mother receive additional medication intravenously through an IV line inserted in Mongar 's hand . Mongar 's brother , Damber Ghalley , who speaks English , also testified Tuesday . Ghalley told jurors he took Mongar to Gosnell 's practice two days in a row . After hours inside the clinic during the second visit , Ghalley was waiting outside in his car when things turned chaotic as an ambulance and firefighters arrived on the scene , he said . "  I knew something was wrong when I saw the ambulance , " Ghalley testified , adding that firefighters had to use bolt cutters to open a padlocked emergency exit just to get Mongar out of the clinic on a stretcher . Ghalley said he saw Gosnell standing inside the doorway asked him what was happening . "  He  Gosnell  said the procedure was done but ` Your sister 's heart stopped , ' " Ghalley said . Jurors also heard from Gosnell 's former maintenance man , Jimmy Johnson , who testified that his duties included removing the biohazard waste from the exam rooms . Johnson said that the toilets inside the clinic would be "  stopped up " at least twice a week . "  When I plunged it once , particles came up , " Johnson said . "  What kind of particles , " assistant district attorney Edward Cameron asked . "  An arm came up , " Johnson replied . Also on trial is Eileen O'Neill , 56 , a medical school graduate who worked as a doctor at Gosnell 's clinic . O'Neill , who did not have a medical license , is charged with participating in the operation of a "  corrupt organization . " If found guilty , Gosnell could be sentenced to death . Philadelphia abortion clinic worker pleads guilty	Dr. Kermit Gosnell is on trial on eight counts of murder in eight deaths The deaths are those of seven babies and a 41-year-old woman The woman had gone to Gosnell 's clinic for an abortion Trial testimony Tuesday came from the woman 's 26-year-old daughter
Washington  CNN  -- In Alaska , the "  You Can See Russia From Here " state , state Rep. Chris Tuck is more concerned about what the U.S. government can see . Tuck , a conservative Democrat , this week is appearing in an unusual television ad warning travelers that new full-body scanners at Alaska airports will enable airport screeners to "  see through your clothes , " and advising passengers they can instead opt for a pat-down . "  If you do n't want inappropriate pictures of you or your children taken and stored , or if you 're concerned about the possible health effects , then all you 've got to say is ' I opt out . ' It is your right , " Tuck says , standing in front of the state seal . "  Instead they will pat you down , and if they touch you inappropriately , call the airport police . This is still a free country , " he says in the 30-second spot . Watch the spot on YouTube Tuck told CNN he is concerned about both the privacy and health impacts of the full-body imagers , and about the government 's slow encroachment on people 's constitutional rights . "  There 's fear that some of these pictures are going to be distributed on the Internet , " he said . But the Transportation Security Administration says the ad is flawed on several accounts . The body imagers now installed in Fairbanks , and soon to be installed at three other Alaska airports , all use software that displays a generic body outline to protect people 's privacy . All use harmless radio waves instead of low-level radiation . And none record images , said TSA spokesman Greg Soule . "  As we have said all along , our machines in airports do not have the ability to and will not ever save images , " Soule said . Tuck , a second-term state representative , videotaped his ad last week , placed it on YouTube , and is spending $ 2,060 in leftover campaign money to air it on television newscasts this week . The audience has been receptive , he said . Fellow state legislators and a schoolteacher called "  congratulating me and thanking me , " he said . Told of the TSA 's statement that the imagers in Alaska use harmless radio waves and display only a generic body outline , Tuck called it "  good news , " but said his concerns remain because Alaskans also travel out of the state , where the older body scanners are in use . "  That 's great that they 're using that  privacy  technology up here in Alaska , but people are still traveling out of state , and it 's the return flights that they need to be aware of , " Tuck said . "  It 's really the process that 's really unnerving , " he said . "  You have people holding their arms out like they 're criminals and being treated like criminals . And it 's the whole psychological effect that we 're imposing on society , and instilling fear and ... breeding suspicion of one another . " Tuck said he created the announcement to alert travelers that they can refuse to stand in front of the imager , and opt for a pat-down instead . Most travelers do not know they have that option , he said . Indeed , a federal appeals court in July said "  many passengers ... remain unaware of this right  to opt for a pat-down  , and some who have exercised the right have complained that the resulting pat-down was unnecessarily aggressive . " The Alaska Legislature has a history of bucking the Transportation Security Administration . Earlier this year , state Rep. Sharon Cissna , a breast cancer survivor , famously chose to catch a small plane from Seattle to Canada and ride a ferry to Juneau rather then submit to either the full-body imager or the pat-down . After that incident , the state legislature overwhelmingly passed a resolution calling on the TSA to reconsider its use of pat-down searches and urging the U.S. Congress to "  exercise greater oversight " of the TSA . "  Here in Alaska , it 's really import for Alaska residents to have the ability to fly , " Tuck said . "  You ca n't go to the doctor without flying . You ca n't leave your village without flying . In some cases children go to school with flying . " "  I get a little upset with people accusing me , or being suspicious of me , as a citizen trying to travel , " Tuck said . Tuck said when he travels , he asks for a private pat-down to prevent bystanders with camera-phones from taking his photo being patted down . "  I do n't want people thinking of Chris Tuck as a criminal with my hands in the air being frisked by someone with a badge and a uniform . That 's not the image I want to put out , " he said . The TSA did not comment directly on Tuck 's ad . But it defended its screening practices . "  While there 's no silver bullet , imaging technology is a valuable tool to detect potential threat items concealed on passengers , " spokesman Soule said in a statement . "  We routinely find prohibited or illegal items on passengers , which illustrates our ability to detect threats concealed under clothing -- such as explosives . â $ ªâ $ ªThe use of imaging technology has led to the discovery of more than 300 dangerous or illegal items hidden on passengers . "	State representative warns travelers about full-body scanners at airports Democrat Chris Tuck reminds Alaskans they can opt for a pat-down The TSA denies the scans violate travelers ' privacy or that images are stored "  It 's really the process that 's unnerving , " Tuck says
Paint peeling off the walls . Sheets for curtains . Broken blinds . A mangled wicker chair made settable with a board . An ancient stove with a giant hole . And there 's also the pile of underwear in the living room . What looks and feels like the most rundown frat house on campus is actually the Capitol Hill home of some of the most powerful men in Washington . "  Welcome to the Omega House , " joked Dick Durbin , who is the second-ranking Democrat in the Senate . "  This is where I 've lived for 31 years , " boasted Chuck Schumer , the Senate 's third-ranking Democrat . It 's hard to believe half the Senate Democratic leadership lives in these conditions , together . But they have for decades . When Rep. George Miller , D-California , the third roommate and landlord , came in the door , he immediately ribbed the Senators as deadbeats . "  You guys get the rent from them ? " asked Miller . The house is so legendary that it inspired the new television series "  Alpha House " on Amazon.com . ` How can this work ? ' None of the real "  Alpha House " members has seen the show , so they said . But they were all quick to say the characters -- who are Republicans -- are nothing like them . "  How can this work ? " asked Durbin . "  Republican Senators trying to make out they would live in a place like this . " They have a point , which may be why the creators of "  Alpha House " cleaned up the fictitious home . Maybe it 's that life is stranger than fiction . Or , more likely , no one would believe prominent politicians would live the way they do in the real Alpha House . "  Wait a minute ! " exclaimed Miller , the owner , when we pointed that out . But he was feigning offense . Thirty seconds with the three and it is clear they revel in the notoriety of their living conditions . Still , it has been years since they all gathered for this kind of interview and tour of the Capitol Hill row house . The odd living arrangement began in the early '80s -- when Miller 's family decided they no longer wanted to live in D.C. , and moved back to the California district he represents . Miller was living in the house alone until one night when there was a snowstorm and former Democratic Rep. Marty Russo of Illinois stayed over so he could walk to the Capitol . They decided to make it permanent since it was convenient . They soon convinced Schumer , a House member at the time , to move in . They had other roommates over the years that have since retired or been defeated , including former CIA Director and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , when he was in Congress . But what is most striking about the place , aside from the mess , is that it 's a time warp . They 've done virtually nothing to update since Miller 's family left three decades ago . Jackson Browne and the Beatles Records -- real vinyl -- line the bookshelf . One of them was Jackson Browne 's "  The Pretender , " which came out in 1976 . Another was an old Beatles album . "  The same exact records are there now as the day I moved in , 1982 , 31 years ago , " Schumer said . Then there are the dust-covered books that were bestsellers in the early '80s . The furniture is a hodgepodge of what the lawmakers salvaged from various relatives and other parts of their lives . Durbin took one of the couches from his son , who was about to throw it out . "  He put it out in the trash -- it had to be 12 , 14 years ago -- and I said it 's better than anything we have . So we reclaimed it , " Durbin recalled . He said the coffee table is 46 years old -- the first piece of furniture Durbin and his wife bought when they were married . "  We 're not afraid of the burglars , " Miller said , "  because we 've been burgled twice and they took nothing . " The living room , virtually the only room on the first floor of the house , also serves as Schumer 's bedroom . But "  bedroom " is a generous term . He sleeps on a mattress next to the kitchen . He half-made his bed for our visit , which Durbin said was a lot more effort than Schumer usually makes . "  I spruced it up for your coming here , " joked Schumer . Too much information There is no bathroom on the first floor , so Schumer has to use one on the second floor , where Miller and Durbin have actual bedrooms , with doors . "  When you 're my age , at four in the morning to trudge up the stairs to the bathroom , it 's no picnic , " Schumer shared . Next to his mattress is a door to the outside , with broken and bent blinds . "  I can see the weather without having to get out of bed , " Schumer said . "  It 's a special effect . " His ties are strewn over an old couch , which serves as his makeshift closet . And then , there 's the kitchen . The freezer does n't work . The refrigerator is a sight to behold , but exactly what you would imagine based on the rest of the house : beer cans and old food , including a baguette so hard that Schumer grabbed it and demonstrated how you can use it as a weapon . The stovetop has a giant hole , which Miller said , perhaps in jest , was made by the rats they 've found in the house -- which they still have traps around to catch . "  I thought the rats were in the Senate . I did n't know they came to the House , " Miller said without missing a beat . Since the only visible cookware is a kettle so rusty and old that Miller joked it was a gift from Ben Franklin , the three men resort to the easiest meal possible : cold cereal . The counter is covered with bulk boxes of Raisin Bran , Mini-Wheats and Kashi . And there is a giant plastic bag of sweetener , which looks like it has been swiped from various fundraisers along the way . "  I prefer Raisin Bran . But I like the Mini-Wheats , " Durbin said . "  When you come home late at night and you have to still stay up to work , my incentive ? Some people like a nice , you know , jigger of scotch . Mine is Raisin Bran . It keeps me up and I read the newspapers , " Schumer said . Early risers What is a typical day in the house like ? Durbin is usually the first one up and out at 5:30 a.m. when he goes to the gym . Next is Miller , who usually takes a morning walk around the monuments . "  They leave while I 'm sleeping . We do it by design . We hate each other , " Schumer said , laughing . In all seriousness , they do n't do much hanging out together here . Unlike the "  Alpha House " characters , the real lawmakers are rarely home at the same time . "  He comes in at 12 o'clock at night talking on his cell phone , " Miller said of Schumer . "  Half his staff must be in Hawaii for picking up the phone at midnight . " It is hard to believe such high-profile politicians live in these conditions . "  When my wife comes , she will not stay here , " Schumer confessed . What helps make it work is that they 're only in Washington about three nights a week . And , Miller said , they 're good friends . "  We all have different schedules . We all have different interests . You can come back here . You can catch up with one another . You can catch up with the House and the Senate . We know one another 's families , so you know what the kids are doing . You know what the grandkids are doing , " Miller said . "  I might add location , location , location , " Durbin interjected . The house is just blocks from the Capitol . "  It is close to where we work . And it 's easy to get back and forth , and I think that has spoiled us , " Durbin said . Durbin sums up another reason he 's lived here for 21 years , and Schumer for 31 , this way : "  We love it . It 's home . "	What resembles a frat house is actually home to prominent Democratic lawmakers Rep. George Miller and Sens. Chuck Schumer and Dick Durbin have lived there for decades Old records and books , a mattress off the kitchen , an ancient stove with a hole in it -- a time warp The Washington political fixtures are friends , and are only in town a few days a week
London , England  CNN  -- Wayne Rooney must be prepared for criticism from fans when he returns from injury for Manchester United , his former England teammate David James told CNN . The striker has not played for the club since his controversial statement last month that he wanted to leave , which was followed by a quick change of mind and a subsequent lucrative new five-year contract . Rooney went to the United States for conditioning treatment on his injured ankle , but is now being assessed ahead of a possible comeback in Saturday 's Premier League match against Wigan . The 25-year-old 's apparent rift with manager Alex Ferguson split United fans , some of whom accused him of engineering the situation to get a better pay deal , and James said Rooney needs to accept that he will remain firmly in the media spotlight . "  You have to accept that if you 're going to put yourself out there , then you 're going to have some good press and bad press , " the 40-year-old James told CNN . "  The reality is that if you 're going to accept people cheering you out of hand , for something you do n't think needs cheering , then you 've got to accept people booing you . "  If you 're going to put yourself in the spotlight for accolade , then you 've got to accept the reverse consequences . " James has sympathy for Rooney , who became a Premier League player with Everton at the age of just 16 and has had to deal with intense media pressure -- this year he was accused by newspapers of sleeping with a prostitute while his wife Coleen was pregnant . "  It is difficult , the likes of Wayne Rooney - he was a kid when he was in the first team and not much older than a kid when he was playing for England , so I think the reality is very subjective , " James said . "  And when you have n't experienced normality through a career , it 's very difficult to work out how to pitch yourself . A bit of advice is do n't believe the hype . "  You 're there to do a job , and as long as you 're doing your job -- it 's not easy but do n't get carried away with it . I think when I was younger I was fortunate to be involved in a modeling campaign once , and at that moment in my life I thought I was the best thing since sliced bread . I think somewhere near the end of the season it all went wrong . " The goalkeeper , who now plays in England 's second division with Bristol City , rates Rooney as the toughest striker he has faced . "  I 'm going to go for Wazza , only because he chipped me and then laughed about it . I still love him , I think he 's great , " James said . World Cup shortcomings The former Liverpool , Manchester City , West Ham and Portsmouth keeper became the oldest World Cup debutant in June 's 0-0 draw with Algeria , when he admits England failed to take their opposition seriously . "  I think , generally , the level of football was underestimated to the extent that you 're playing teams like Algeria , and when the group was announced you 're kind of like , ` Well they 're the easy team , everybody 's going to beat Algeria , maybe the only issue is with America . ' "  And as result after result came through , the only staggering result was Portugal against North Korea -LSB- Portugal won 7-0 -RSB- . Other than that , most games were tight -- really , really tight . "  It was almost as if teams had gone in to the World Cup to not lose matches , and then we suffered because teams were capable of nullifying what we had as an attacking option . " England coach Fabio Capello was vilified by the UK media following the 4-1 second-round crushing by Germany , but James backed the Italian . "  He 's pedantic , without a doubt . The one thing I liked about it was I came into a squad , and he told me what he wanted to do . He instructed the players , " James said . "  Even in training , if he saw something he did n't like , he 'd stop . He 's full-on 100 percent , everything is about winning and that 's it . I can deal with that , I can deal with that sort of environment . I did n't need him coming up to me asking me how I was , I like him . " Role models in sport While James has set up a foundation to carry out charity work in the African country of Malawi , he does not believe that footballers have to be role models . "  I do n't think as a footballer you have to be out there doing charity work . I 'm not doing it because I 'm defending the football industry , I 'm doing it because it 's the way that I am -- and it gives me the opportunity to go a little bit further because of football perhaps , " he said . "  I think I 've been out three times , and my expertise is not farming . I appreciate that I 'm going out there and having a few photos taken , but that 's not what we 're about , not what I 'm about . "  The idea of doing something on an agricultural level , excuse the pun , but it was a small seed at the beginning . The idea is n't so much that there 's a particular food source that we 're trying to grow , it 's just that there 's a template of education and knowledge which , given the right sort of teaching , then people can implement that in the areas that need to do that . "	Former England goalkeeper David James has sympathy for Wayne Rooney But he says Manchester United striker needs to accept any criticism from fans The 40-year-old says England underestimated opponents at the 2010 World Cup But he backs coach Fabio Capello , for whom he says "  winning is everything "
This worn-down , one stoplight town found redemption Friday night in a Baptist church named Victory . Cheers broke out in the pews as two Florida lawmakers abandoned their quest to strip Hampton of its cityhood . The battle for the 89-year-old city 's survival began in February with the release of a scathing audit that read like a textbook of municipal malfeasance -- finding 31 violations of local , state and federal codes , along with allegations of nepotism , double-dipping and personal use of city property . Surviving was a sweet win for this city of just 477 residents -- 476 if you do n't count the former mayor , who 's sitting up the road in jail on a drug charge . Already a notorious speed trap , the place gained even more infamy as a symbol of small-town corruption when the legislators threatened last month to yank its city charter . Late-night comedians mocked Hampton as "  too Florida , even for Florida . " But even as Conan and the rest of world cackled , even as investigators carted boxes of documents out of Hampton City Hall , even as some residents pointed fingers , others rolled up their sleeves and started to turn their city around . In just four short weeks , they came up with a plan that convinced state Rep. Charles Van Zant and Sen. Rob Bradley to spare their city . They won an uphill fight nobody thought they could win . "  Thank you for the work that has been done , " Bradley told the crowd of 50 gathered Friday at Victory Baptist Church . "  You 've got a lot more to do , but boy . ... " He clearly was impressed , and so was Van Zant , who said , "  You 've done yeoman 's work . I think you 've done well . " The trouble began innocently enough , said John Cooper , Hampton 's newly appointed city attorney . A Texaco station out on nearby U.S. 301 asked for police protection after a few bad traffic accidents and a couple of homicides . And so , Hampton agreed to annex a 1,200-foot stretch of highway . Only later did someone come up with the idea that there was plenty of easy money to be made from catching speeders and writing tickets , just like neighboring cities Waldo and Lawtey were doing . The scandal that set tongues wagging The way the city map was redrawn , it looked like a giant mosquito , with Hampton sucking money directly from the highway . Problem was , the police department constantly overspent its budget , and all that ticket revenue never seemed to benefit anybody outside of City Hall . The police department swelled to 19 officers , including the chief . But Bradford County Sheriff Gordon Smith said many of the officers were n't trained properly , and the audit found that some of them drove uninsured vehicles . One officer , nicknamed "  Rambo , " dressed in tactical gear and strapped an assault rifle across his chest -- just to write tickets . 2011 was Hampton 's bumper year for tickets -- and it was the year Van Zant was caught by Hampton 's radar guns . The lawmaker promptly paid his ticket , but the experience reminded him of the growing stack of citizen complaints . In April 2013 , Van Zant asked the state auditor general to look into the city 's finances . Mayor Barry Layne Moore was sitting in the Bradford County jail in February when the audit was formally released . He and other city officials suspected it would be bad . But nobody had any idea how bad . Read the audit  PDF How bad was it ? So bad that legislators Bradley and Van Zant immediately called for Hampton 's demise . In addition to the code violations , the audit found plenty of other eye-popping irregularities -- a $ 132,000 credit account at the local BP station , for example , and $ 27,000 in credit card charges for items that "  served no public purpose . " Van Zant accused Hampton of "  abusing the public , " while Bradley wondered , "  Why is this even a city ? " When they met with Hampton 's citizens last month , the two men were taken aback by the passion of residents ' pleas to spare their city . Some said yanking the charter would be like victimizing them twice . The lawmakers listened , and threw down a challenge : If the city did n't clean up its act soon , they vowed to move forward with a bill to dissolve the city 's charter -- an extreme measure , for sure . It would be the first time anyone could remember the Florida Legislature taking away a municipality 's right to govern itself . The legislators never expected Hampton would meet the challenge . But Hampton surprised them . Four people -- call them The Replacements -- led the city 's charge . Myrtice McCullough became the acting mayor after Moore was arrested on a charge of selling a single 30-milligram oxycodone pill to an undercover informant . Moore had n't been part of the problem ; he came into office as a reformer . But he did n't have time to be part of the solution , getting arrested less than two months after taking office . His replacement pleaded with the legislators to give Hampton another chance and last month handed up a petition with 119 signatures . She softened their outrage by asking for their help . The Rev. Dan Williams was appointed to the City Council when Charles Norris Hall resigned in the midst of the scandal . Williams ' family has lived in Hampton since the 1920s , and his talents include inspiring oratory and organizing armies of multiskilled volunteers . Amy Davis stepped in as city clerk ; she knows Hampton , having worked as the clerk once before . Davis understands how to use accounting software and knows how to apply for grants and follow money trails . Already , she has discovered that Hampton is only $ 6,425 in the red this year -- a shortfall that can easily be corrected . Cooper took over as the city attorney . Not only does he know municipal law and how to connect the dots , he 's working for the city free of charge . The lawmakers were swayed by the progress Hampton has made under the new leadership . In just four weeks , Hampton : • Accepted the resignation of every elected official who was in office when the scandal broke and called for a special election in September to seat new ones ; • Agreed to get rid of its police force ; • Accounted for the $ 132,000 spent at the BP station across from City Hall ; • Accounted for the $ 27,000 credit card balance ; • Started tracking the city 's water meters ; • Drafted an ordinance de-annexing the section of U.S. 301 where the speed trap operated ; • And began holding City Council meetings at regular hours and opening them to the public . "  What you 've seen here in the past month is the rebirth of your town , " Van Zant told the residents as Friday 's meeting came to a close . "  I want to encourage everybody who has never served on the City Council to run for office . ... We want some new blood . We want to see a new genesis in Hampton . Make this thing work for you . " The lawmakers say they will return to Hampton once more to follow up on the city 's progress . The next visit is planned for a Friday night in September , after the new council is elected . This time , there are plans for a good , old-fashioned Southern barbecue .	Florida lawmakers decide to spare city caught in corruption scandal Hampton , population 477 , faced losing ability to govern itself Audit found mismanagement , nepotism , other irregularities City officials resigned , set elections and vowed other reforms
Washington  CNN  -- Six of the nine Supreme Court justices attended the annual Red Mass at the Roman Catholic Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle in Washington on Sunday . The event 's speakers spoke about using faith in decision-making but largely stayed away from the controversial issues the court will face in the coming months . Chief Justice John Roberts , Justice Stephen Breyer , Justice Antonin Scalia , Justice Clarence Thomas , Justice Anthony Kennedy and Justice Elena Kagan all attended the 60th annual Mass. . This was Kagan 's first Red Mass. . Having six justices in attendance ties a record set in 2009 . The only justices to not attend this year were Sonia Sotomayor and Samuel Alito , both of whom are Catholic , and Ruth Bader Ginsburg , who is Jewish . Kagan and Breyer , both of whom were in attendance , are also Jewish . Election raise stakes for possible court vacancies The annual Mass is an event put on by the Archdiocese of Washington and the John Carroll Society and aims to bring people together to pray for the members of the judiciary before the court begins hearing cases each year . It 's called the Red Mass because of the color of the garments worn by clergy . In the past , presidents , vice presidents and many members of Congress and the judiciary have attended the event . Timothy P. Broglio , archbishop for members of the U.S. military , delivered this year 's homily , expressing a commitment to the poor and to education while also strongly emphasizing the idea that people should strive to live their faith and become "  instruments of a new evangelization . " "  The faith we hold in our hearts must motivate the decisions , the words and the commitment of our everyday existence , " said Broglio . "  Our society must also rest on stable , clear foundations . Otherwise , we run the risk of sinking into the mire of one popular soundbite after another . " Possible Romney court nominees Speaking about the need to shed clearer light on the "  joy and renewed enthusiasm " of the church , Broglio stressed the idea of living one 's faith outside of church and in everyday life . "  We are instruments in the hands of the Lord , and so we pray to be ever open to his presence , " said Broglio . "  The message is filled with hope : not only for eternal life , but also for the graces necessary so that our lives are truly noble of God and of the vocation he has given us . " While the Red Mass follows the traditional structure of a Catholic service , it also includes a few additions . In particular , the congregants sang "  The Star-Spangled Banner " and "  America the Beautiful " at the start and end of the Mass. . Others attending the event included Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood , Virginia attorney general and gubernatorial hopeful Ken Cuccinelli , and U.S. Ambassador to Ireland Dan Rooney . Possible Obama court nominees The court 's current religious makeup -- six Catholics and three Jews -- marks the first time there has been no Protestant justice on the highest court in the land . In 2010 , Kagan replaced Justice John Paul Stevens , who was the lone Protestant at the time of his retirement . This is unique for a country in which every president has been Protestant except for John F. Kennedy , a Catholic . The mix of religion and government at the Red Mass has raised some eyebrows in the past . Ginsburg no longer attends the Mass because she said she grew tired of being lectured by Catholic officials . "  I went one year , and I will never go again , because this sermon was outrageously anti-abortion , " Ginsburg said in the book "  Star of David : Prominent Jews Talk About Being Jewish . " "  Even the Scalias - although they 're much of that persuasion -- were embarrassed for me . " Court opens possibly contentious new term Critics of the service find the attendance of leading decision-makers to be inappropriate . "  There is one purpose to have this . It is to make clear ... just what the church hierarchy feels about some of the very issues that are to come before the court , " said Rev. Barry Lynn , president of Americans United for Separation of Church and State . "  That is just wrong . And it is wrong for members to go -- not illegal -- but wrong for the archdiocese to promote and encourage this event . " While previous Masses have included political references -- in 2009 , Cardinal Daniel DiNardo made an unspecified reference to the rights of the unborn -- this year 's Mass was largely void of any hot-button political issues that the court might be addressing , like affirmative action , same-sex marriage , voting rights or abortion laws . The origins of the Red Mass date back to early Catholic times in cities like Rome , Paris and London . In Paris , La Sainte Chappelle was built and designated as a chapel specifically for Red Mass. . In the United States , the tradition began in New York City in 1928 , when a group of Catholic lawyers gathered in St. Andrew 's Cathedral . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Six members of Supreme Court attend annual D.C. event Sotomayor and Alito , both Catholic , do not attend Jewish Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg never attends anymore Critics say event mingles church and state too much
CNN  -- If you access Facebook via the Web browser on a "  feature phone " -- a simpler , less powerful cousin to the smartphone -- your experience might improve significantly over the next few weeks . On Friday , Facebook announced an upgrade to its "  lean " mobile site m.facebook.com . This upgrade integrates the full range of features found in Facebook 's mobile site for smartphones and other phones with touchscreen browsers : touch.facebook.com . This update is being rolled out gradually to Facebook users . Facebook product designer Lee Byron explained : "  With the new m.facebook.com , users with high-end touch devices will see a rich touch-friendly interface ; for users with feature phones , the site will look and work great . ... There will no longer be a difference between m.facebook.com and touch.facebook.com , we 'll automatically serve you the best version of the site for your device . " Here 's why this is a smart move -- one that I wish more online sites and services would emulate . Too often , as popular sites and services upgrade their mobile offerings , they cater primarily to smartphone users -- which means they end up leaving the vast majority of mobile users further behind . According to new numbers from ComScore , currently only 29 % of handsets in use in the U.S. are smartphones . A brief definition : While the lines between the two types of devices are becoming blurred , smartphones are defined as having operating systems capable of running "  native " apps with a wide range of sophisticated functions , and fully featured web browsers  usually based on the Webkit browser  . Feature phones tend to be cheaper , simpler , and more limited . Often feature phones lack touchscreens , and they usually run simple apps based on Java . While smartphones are getting more popular , and many feature phones are getting smarter -- well , at least getting better Web browsers -- most mobile users are n't yet willing to handle the costs and complexity associated with smartphones . Consequently , feature phones will likely continue to be a huge part of the mobile market for at least a few more years . MSNBC reports that Facebook currently has about 600 million users worldwide , and about 250 million of them already access Facebook from their cell phones . With an enhanced experience for simpler cell phones , I 'd expect that Facebook might quickly grow its mobile user base -- and probably also pick up a lot of new website users . That 's the point : Facebook 's business model hinges on getting as many people as possible engaged as much as possible . This means finding a way to efficiently serve the mobile devices they 're using today -- not just targeting the mobile devices they might be using a few years from now . The move to upgrade and unify Facebook 's mobile Web experience also will streamline Web development for Facebook . As if it is n't complicated enough to maintain native apps for each major smartphone operating system  iOS , Android , BlackBerry , etc.  , maintaining multiple mobile website versions consumes considerable time and resources . "  Every time we launched a new feature , we had to build it multiple times across different code bases , " wrote Byron . "  Once for facebook.com , then again for m.facebook.com , touch.facebook.com , and in native applications as well . Honestly , we were n't very good at doing this , so certain features were missing on different devices . " Coupled with Facebook 's recent acquisition of Snaptu -- a popular platform for Java-based apps that runs on most feature phones -- this consolidation of the company 's mobile Web efforts indicates an unusually inclusive mobile strategy . Facebook is clearly taking a hard look at the mobile market that actually exists , rather than the one that most developers and wireless carriers seem to believe , or wish , exists . If Facebook can move fast to serve feature phone users well , while other social media services -- except Twitter , of course -- tend to treat feature phones as an afterthought , it 's more likely to maintain loyal users for the long term . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Facebook announced an upgrade to its "  lean " mobile site m.facebook.com This upgrade integrates the full range of features found for smartphones MSNBC reports that about 250 million users access Facebook from their mobile phones
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia  CNN  -- Walking down a street in Cambodia 's capital city , Phymean Noun finished her lunch and tossed her chicken bones into the trash . Seconds later , she watched in horror as several children fought to reclaim her discarded food . Phymean Noun is helping give Cambodian children a chance at a better life . Noun stopped to talk with them . After hearing their stories of hardship , she knew she could n't ignore their plight . "  I must do something to help these children get an education , " she recalls thinking . "  Even though they do n't have money and live on the sidewalk , they deserve to go to school . " Six years after that incident , Noun is helping many of Phnom Penh 's poorest children do just that . Within weeks , she quit her job and started an organization to give underprivileged children an education . Noun spent $ 30,000 of her own money to get her first school off the ground . In 2004 , her organization -- the People Improvement Organization  PIO  -- opened a school at Phnom Penh 's largest municipal trash dump , where children are a large source of labor . Today , Noun provides 240 kids from the trash dump a free education , food , health services and an opportunity to be a child in a safe environment . Watch Noun and some of the children who attend her school " It is no easy task . Hundreds of them risk their lives every day working to support themselves and their families . "  I have seen a lot of kids killed by the garbage trucks , " she recalls . Children as young as 7 scavenge hours at a time for recyclable materials . They make cents a day selling cans , metals and plastic bags . Noun recruits the children at the dump to attend her organization because , she says , "  I do n't want them to continue picking trash and living in the dump . I want them to have an opportunity to learn . " Watch Noun describe what life is like for children at the trash dump " Growing up during the Pol Pot regime , Noun faced unimaginable challenges . "  There were no schools during Pol Pot 's regime , " she recalls . "  Everyone had to work in the fields . My mother was very smart . She told them that she did n't have an education . That was how she survived . If they knew she was educated , they would have killed her . " Noun 's mother died of cancer when Phymean was 15 . Phymean 's sister fled to a refugee camp , leaving her young daughter in Phymean 's care . "  When my mom passed away , my life was horrible , " says Noun . "  It was very sad because there was only my niece who was 3 years old at that time . " Yet Noun was determined to finish high school . Watch Noun describe the hardships of life during the Pol Pot regime " That dedication paid off , and after graduating she spent the next decade working with various aid organizations . "  I tell the children my story and about the importance of education , " she said . "  I 'm their role model . " Some of the children who attend her school continue to work in the dump to support themselves and their families . Without an education , she said , these children would be vulnerable to traffickers or continue to be caught in the cycle of poverty . "  We are trying to provide them skills that they can use in the future , " Noun said . "  Even though we are poor and struggling and do n't have money , we can go to school . I tell them not to give up hope . " Noun has even bigger plans for them . "  These children are our next generation and our country depends on them . They are our future leaders . "	Children are large source of labor at Cambodian capital 's largest trash dump Phymean Noun quit her job to give them an education -- and a way out Today she provides 240 children a free education , food and health services
CNN  -- Iran 's foreign minister Tuesday called on Yemen 's neighbors to stay out of the conflict between Yemeni forces and Shiite Muslim rebels , while Yemen said it had seized an Iranian ship near its territorial waters . Manouchehr Mottaki told reporters in Tehran that Shiite-dominated Iran has expressed its concern for Yemen 's "  national unity and territorial integrity , " the state-run Press TV network reported . "  We strongly advise regional and neighboring states not to interfere in Yemen 's internal affairs and try to restore peace and stability to the state , " Mottaki said , adding , "  Those who choose to fuel the flames of conflict must know that the fire will reach them . " Battles between Yemeni government forces and the Shiite Houthi rebel movement have raged intermittently for five years in northern Yemen , where government troops launched a new offensive in late summer . The conflict is considered to be separatist and sectarian , pitting the Houthi against the country 's Sunni majority . Saudi Arabia , Yemen 's northern neighbor , turned its air force against suspected Houthi rebels last week . The Saudi government said an armed group had infiltrated into its territory and fired on border guards , leaving three members of the Saudi security forces dead and 15 wounded before the airstrikes pushed them back . The Houthi claimed the airstrikes occurred within Yemeni territory , a claim both the Saudi and Yemeni governments denied . Meanwhile , Yemen has accused Iran of supporting the rebels . A Yemeni government official , speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak publicly on the issue , told CNN that Yemen 's navy was "  on the highest state of alert " and watching for any possible smuggling of weapons to the Houthi . The official said an Iranian boat was captured near Yemeni and Saudi territorial waters last week and was being towed to the Yemeni navy 's headquarters at Hudeidah , on the Red Sea . The persistent fighting has raised concerns that Yemen -- where U.S. officials say al Qaeda is attempting to establish a new foothold in the region -- could be the stage for a proxy struggle between Iran and the Sunni-led Saudi monarchy . But the Yemeni official said the conflict in his country "  is not a sectarian war . " "  The main reason for fighting this group is that it 's up in arms in rebellion against Yemen 's government and it is challenging the legitimacy of Yemen 's central government in Sanaa , " he said . "  The constitution of Yemen gives the government the right to defend the sovereignty and unity of Yemen . The leadership of the insurgency has a sectarian ideology , but that does n't mean Yemen is involved in a sectarian battle . " CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Yemen 's Sunni government , Shiite Houthi rebels have fought intermittently for years Yemen has accused Shiite-dominated Iran of supporting the rebels Yemen said it had seized an Iranian ship near its territorial waters Some worry Yemen could be stage for proxy struggle between Iran , Saudi monarchy
CNN  -- A 73-year-old man shot dead five people around Yuma , Arizona , before turning a gun on himself , police said . Another victim was flown about 180 miles northeast to a Phoenix-area hospital after being seriously injured , Yuma Police Sgt. Clint Norred said in a joint press release with the Yuma County Sheriff 's Office . According to Yuma police , an "  elderly male " went into a business in the city limits and shot an adult male . Police Chief Jerry Geier later identified this victim as Jerrold Shelley , a local attorney . The four others were killed in greater Yuma County , where the other person was injured , according to Yuma Police Officer Cruz Vidal . Police determined that these shootings were linked and identified the suspect as Carey Hal Dyess , a 73-year-old Yuma man . Around 11:30 a.m. , Yuma County sheriff 's deputies found Dyess dead off U.S. Highway 95 in Blaisdell , a community east of Yuma . He died from "  what appears to be ... a self-inflicted gunshot wound , " police said . Yuma is a city of more than 87,000 people , according to a 2006 U.S. Census Bureau estimate , out of nearly 200,000 people in the county . It is near the intersection of Arizona , California and Mexico , about 170 miles east of San Diego . CNN 's Justin Lear contributed to this report .	4 killed in Yuma County and 1 in the city of Yuma , a police officer says Another person was injured as a result of shootings in Yuma County One of those killed was a Yuma attorney , the police chief says The suspect , a 73-year-old man , apparently killed himself , police say
A dozen young children chatter and giggle around me , taking my pad and pen to write down their addresses very carefully . This way , they tell me , I 'll know where to send help . But how do you tell a six-year-old an address no longer means anything -- houses and roads are gone and in too many cases , so are families . It was not just the young who could not comprehend how their world changed on December 26 , 2004 . In Hambantota on the south coast of Sri Lanka , a parent stumbled through mangled debris in the area they assumed their house had once stood , looking for lost children . Siblings , children , cousins , all looking for a sign of relatives they lost in a split second when the water came . Standing in the middle of what was once the marketplace of this seaside town , I looked around at a landscape that was almost flat . No buildings for miles , giving a clear view of the sea that was deceptively calm and serene . Only one temple was left standing , the one structure built from concrete . Homes were washed away with residents still inside , market stalls and thousands of shoppers did n't stand a chance against the sheer force of mother nature . It is impossible to capture the extent of the devastation on camera and only those who lived through that day know its true horror . But one overwhelming memory for those who arrived afterward is the look in survivors ' eyes . I accompanied a U.S. doctor working for Americares , Jonathan Fine , who had volunteered to help and deliver desperately needed supplies . He told me he would never forget "  the victims , dead-eyed in their hospital beds , lying there , staring at us , wondering what their stories were , how they 'll ever learn to cope with this , what they 've seen , what they 've lost . " And yet in the midst of the misery I witnessed in Sri Lanka was incredible generosity . Residents who had lost everything , who had seen horror beyond imagination , running up to us to offer a face mask to help cope with the unmistakeable stench of death , trying to give us a bottle of water . One man even apologized we were not seeing his country at its best , begging me to come back when it was all over so I could experience the true beauty and hospitality of the island and its people . He then resumed the search for his brother , sister and parents . The sheer scale of the disaster was difficult to overstate . One Hambantota hospital that could take 300 patients at a push saw 1,000 serious injuries in the first two days alone . Basic drugs many of us take for granted ran out quickly and the bottleneck of relief , familiar in such disasters , took time to clear . And yet rarely did I see frustrations spill over . Residents helped each other and comforted each other . One textile factory had been badly damaged , some of the workers were dead or missing . But rather than wait for outside help to arrive , the workers cleared the building of mud , debris and bodies so they could go back to work . Many of the women were married to fishermen who had lost boats or were too scared to go back out on the water . Without the factory , their families had no income . Natural disasters are cruel and brutal . There is no one to blame and little comprehension . And yet they never fail to restore my faith in human nature . Strangers work together to pick themselves back up and rebuild their shattered lives . Many thinking of others rather than themselves . What I witnessed in Sri Lanka was both heartbreaking and inspiring at the same time .	CNN 's Paula Hancocks was in Hambantota in 2004 when tsunami struck The landscape was nearly flat after the tsunami , with buildings washed away Amid incredible devastation , scenes of incredible humanity and generosity
Madrid  CNN  -- Cleanup was under way Sunday on damage to bus stops and outdoor cafes in central Madrid , after austerity protests turned violent Saturday night in the Spanish capital and left 101 people injured . There were 24 arrests . The injured included 67 national and municipal police officers and 34 demonstrators . Eleven were taken to hospitals , including a national police officer who was kicked in the head , lost his riot helmet and lost consciousness , spokesmen for the central and Madrid city governments said . The 24 demonstrators , including three minors , who were arrested face potential charges of assaulting police officers , vandalism , and setting trash bins on fire . Arraignments could begin later Sunday . City street crews and other workers were carrying out the cleanup as authorities evaluated the damage . As has become a pattern at many Spanish protests , the violence came only at the very end of what had been hours of peaceful , noisy and energetic protests . The so-called "  March for Dignity " was the first major anti-austerity demonstration in Madrid in several months , aimed at telling the government that there is still widespread suffering in Spain despite official pronouncements that the beleaguered economy is recovering . Read more : Madrid , city of protests Spain 's unemployment rate is 26 % , with nearly 5.9 million people out of work . Hundreds of protesters in six columns from around Spain have been marching for weeks on the capital to draw attention to the situation . On Saturday , they reached Madrid and were joined by tens of thousands of protesters , who converged along the capital 's main boulevard from the Atocha train station to Colon Plaza , where a stage was erected for speakers . It was near the stage , at the end of the march , that the violence erupted after the official close of the demonstration at 8 p.m. local time , even as many protesters were already leaving the area to find transportation home . There have been hundreds of protests in Madrid -- by teachers , doctors and other specific groups -- against the government 's austerity measures , aimed at reducing the budget deficit . But the march on Saturday tried to include all of these groups under a broad "  March for Dignity " banner . Read more : Thousands protest ` anti-protest ' law Read more : The faces of Spain 's economic crisis	101 people injured in Saturday night violence Police arrest 24 demonstrators , including three minors "  March for Dignity " was the first major anti-austerity protest in Madrid in months Violence erupted after the official close of the demonstration
CNN  -- All big ideas start small , and Calle 13 -- a wildly popular alternative urban band from Puerto Rico -- is no exception . Its members , Rene Perez , who goes by "  Residente , " and Eduardo Cabra , "  Visitante , " are stepbrothers . When their parents divorced , Cabra would visit Perez at his father 's house on 13th Street , or Calle 13 . He was required to identify himself to enter , as either a resident , "  residente " or visitor , "  visitante , " in Spanish . The names stuck . "  Later , it took on another meaning , with the question of whether immigrants are residents or visitors , " said Perez , who along with Cabra , recently sat down to talk with CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Claudia Palacios . "  But that was how it started . " Neither brother could have imagined then what Calle 13 would become -- one of the most highly praised and talked-about groups to come out of Latin America in years . It has won more than 20 Grammys and moved beyond its reggaeton roots to include instruments and sounds from all over the region , winning critical and popular praise in the process . Though raunchy , the group 's lyrics are often hard-hitting on social issues , and Perez is particularly well-known for being outspoken about poverty , Puerto Rican independence and education . Asked how he views his career now , Perez said he 's matured and made some adjustments so that people can better hear and understand his message . "  I liked to use bad words , " said Perez , who raps and writes the group 's lyrics . "  Because it seemed to me it gave a reality that 's missing in music . " "  There are bad words in novels , in theater , in documentaries , at the movies . Why ca n't they exist in music ? " "  The problem , " he continued , "  was that people were concentrating on the bad words and losing the message . " Though he 'll still swear on records if the song calls for it , Perez says he uses expletives less now in the hope that his music will be able to reach a wider audience . To that end , Perez , who went to school at the Savannah College of Art and Design in Savannah , Georgia , said he plans to start writing lyrics in English and thinks he might live in New York one day . His words are paired with music and beats created by Cabra . Their younger sister , Ileana Cabra , known as "  PG-13 , " also performs with Calle 13 sometimes . Cabra describes the group 's sound as a mix of many influences . Eclectic is a good word for it . In spite of the variety that 's out there , though , Cabra told CNNE 's Palacios that he thinks "  we 're going through a bad time , the worst time in music . " "  Everything sounds the same on the radio , different producers doing the same work , " he said . "  Look -- we 're not making the best music in the world . But what we are making is sincere , and I think that 's worth something . " CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Rene Perez and Eduardo Cabra , aka "  Residente " and "  Visitante " recall their names ' origin Perez lived on 13th Street , or Calle 13 , as a boy He says he 's matured as an artist and curses less on records now Cabra says "  we 're going through a bad time , the worst time in music "
CNN  -- After two years of a virtual stalemate of progress in Washington , members of Congress are headed home for five weeks during August . The pressure is on for both parties to tell two very different stories to voters with only a short time before the election . So who will have the better narrative ? And will Americans listen ? Voters are unhappy with everyone , which includes President Barack Obama , Democrats and Republicans . According to Real Clear Politics polling average , President Obama 's approval rating stands at 41.6 % while Congressional approval is in the tank at 12.3 % . Partisan warfare is a clear culprit to these low ratings . During August , voters should be prepared to take plenty of Advil , because their headaches are about to get worse . Expect to hear Democrats complain loudly that Republicans are going to try to impeach Obama , that an attempt to sue the President is a useless partisan exercise designed to fundraise from conservatives across the country and that women should be very afraid of the Supreme Court decision on contraceptives . Republicans will shout that Democrats are driving the impeachment story to fundraise off their liberal base , that the Senate is obstructing progress to protect their vulnerable members in red states from having to take tough votes and that suing Obama is necessary because he is n't doing his real job of working with Congress . The polarization merry-go-round in Washington can be very attractive for a member of Congress to fall into selling a partisan only message to their constituents . But , when Americans run into a TV show they do n't like , they turn the channel . Voters are desperate to know about what can be accomplished to help them . Climate change is n't going to cut it for Democrats and abortion is n't going to work for Republicans . They simply do n't connect to the average voter concerns . The issues that matter are front and center in everyday American life . Both sides are going to have to address the border crisis and their solutions to the problem . We are dealing with innocent children who are caught up in this mess . The news has saturated America and is a common topic around dinner tables and water coolers across the country . People are concerned and frustrated that Washington has spent too much time finger-pointing at each other . How do our elected officials plan to help create the conditions for more jobs , more money in their wallets and more food on the table ? How can their lives be made better for themselves and their children ? The Democrats will likely point to some positive economic indicators and rising consumer confidence to show that it is turning around . But they lack an overall agenda to demonstrate there is a future method toward achieving economic stability . Republicans can show they have a plan to turn around the economy faster , but rightfully point out the inaction by the Senate Democrats to address Republican plans . The House of Representatives , run by Republicans , has passed myriad bills dealing with job creation , gas prices and small business issues . These bills can be used as basis for a forward-looking agenda . The battle over the female voter will continue through August , with Democrats pointing to the Supreme Court Hobby Lobby decision on female contraception coverage as a threat to women 's rights . The Democrats have also tried to push through votes appealing to the middle class on the minimum wage and the gender gap in pay . House Republicans finally wised up and recently offered a female agenda of their own right before the August break that would increase job training , incentivize flexible work schedules , provide tax breaks for children and families , and strengthens charter schools . The package also includes new legislation to prevent retaliation when women ask about equal pay . Beyond this rhetoric , there is a better opportunity for Republicans in this election cycle to sell a positive message to voters because Democrats are being forced to defend the White House and its handling of the crises at home and abroad . It 's more difficult for a Democrat to have to answer questions about the missing e-mail scandal at the Internal Revenue Service or President Obama 's handling of Israel or the Ukraine and then pivot to a positive message on female gender pay . Mad people vote . And people are mad at Washington . Republicans can blame the President for his failure of leadership , but the bulk of their arguments must be centered on positive solutions that connect with people who are tired of the finger pointing . This means that Americans could lean toward the GOP when they vote this November , if the focus is kept on what people are demanding to know , which is , "  How we get out of this mess ? " Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Ron Bonjean : As Congress leaves for recess , members face an angry electorate The approval ratings for Congress are at a dismal 12.3 % Bonjean : Voters will be looking for solutions , not just spin
CNN  -- In sweeping discipline that one analyst called "  historic , " New Orleans Saints head coach Sean Payton was suspended without pay for the entire 2012 season and former Saints defensive coach Gregg Williams was suspended indefinitely in a series of NFL punishments Wednesday for the team 's bounty program targeting opponents . Under the bounties , the team paid bonuses for knocking opposing players out of a game , the NFL said . Saints General Manager Mickey Loomis was suspended without pay for the first eight regular-season games of the 2012 season , the NFL said . Assistant Head Coach Joe Vitt was suspended without pay for the first six regular-season games , the league said . The team was also fined $ 500,000 and will forfeit its second-round draft picks in 2012 and 2013 , the National Football League said . The club issued a statement apologizing and taking full responsibility for "  these serious violations . " "  We recognize our fans ' concerns and we regret the uncertainty this episode has created for them , " the Saints ' statement said . "  We are humbled by the support our organization has received from our fans today in the wake of this announcement , and we ask them to continue to stand with us , as they have done in the past , when both our team and our city have overcome greater adversities . "  There is no place for bounties in our league and we reiterate our pledge that this will never happen again , " the team said . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell will review the status of Williams , now with the St. Louis Rams , at the end of the season and decide whether to reinstate him , the league said . Williams apologized "  wholeheartedly " in a statement and said his leadership role in the bounty program was "  not a true reflection of my values as a father or coach . " "  I highly value the 23 years that I 've spent in the NFL . I will continue to cooperate fully with the league and its investigation and I will focus my energies on serving as an advocate for both player safety and sportsmanship , " Williams said . "  I will do everything possible to re-earn the respect of my colleagues , the NFL and its players in hopes of returning to coaching in the future . " In issuing the punishments , Goodell described the Saints ' violations of league rules "  particularly unusual and egregious . " He added that "  a strong and lasting message must be sent . " Goodell said he is reviewing with the NFL Players Association discipline for players involved in the bounty program and will address the matter later . One sports analyst , Jim Trotter of Sports Illustrated , said the discipline is "  historic . " "  One of the reasons they could be so strong against the Saints was that there was a paper trail , " Trotter said , referring to e-mails . "  I do n't think other teams would be dumb enough to put it in writing , " Trotter said of the bounty system . "  I definitely believe they are trying to make an example of them . " The NFL already is facing class-action lawsuits from former players of various teams who claimed that league play led to concussions , head trauma and chronic traumatic encephalopathy , a dementia-like brain disease . "  The league has to be concerned about lawsuits , " Trotter said . The NFL investigation found the Saints had an "  active bounty program " during the 2009 , 2010 and 2011 seasons in which "  bounty " payments were given for "  knock-outs " and "  cart-offs " : plays in which an opposing player had to leave the game , the league said in a statement . The bounties even identified specific players as targets , the league said . The investigation found that the Saints showed "  a deliberate effort to conceal the program 's existence from league investigators , and a clear determination to maintain the program despite express direction from Saints ownership that it stop as well as ongoing inquiries from the league office , " the NFL said . The Saints won the Super Bowl in 2010 , in the midst of the bounty program . Goodell said the "  pay-for-performance " program "  undermined the integrity of the game . " The league found that Payton , as head coach , failed to supervise players and coaches , did n't inquire into the facts of the bounty program though he was aware of the league 's inquiries , and encouraged "  the false denials by instructing assistants to ` make sure our ducks are in a row , ' " the NFL statement said . Goodell added : "  When there is targeting of players for injury and cash rewards over a three-year period , the involvement of the coaching staff , and three years of denials and willful disrespect of the rules , a strong and lasting message must be sent that such conduct is totally unacceptable and has no place in the game . "  Beyond the clear and continuing violations of league rules , and lying to investigators , the bounty program is squarely contrary to the league 's most important initiatives -- enhancing player health and safety and protecting the integrity of the game , " the commissioner continued . "  Let me be clear . There is no place in the NFL for deliberately seeking to injure another player , let alone offering a reward for doing so , " Goodell said . On his Twitter account , Saints quarterback Drew Brees wrote : "  I am speechless . Sean Payton is a great man , coach , and mentor . The best there is . I need to hear an explanation for this punishment . " Saints starting linebacker Jo-Lonn Dunbar also tweeted : "  Can we all say #excessive . " At a news conference Wednesday afternoon , St. Louis Rams Head Coach Jeff Fisher said that the indefinite suspension of his defensive coordinator , Williams , did n't come as "  a complete surprise . " But he said Williams was "  surprised and shocked . " Fisher said the Rams had no idea when they hired Williams "  that this would happen . " "  He made a mistake , and he admitted to that mistake , and he 's remorseful , and he regrets the decision he has made , and he has accepted the consequences , " Fisher said of Williams . On Wednesday , the NFL laid out a narrative of the Saints ' bounty program . Players regularly made cash "  donations " to a pool and were "  fined " for mental errors , loafing and penalties , the NFL investigation found . At least one assistant coach , Williams , also occasionally contributed to the pool , but the NFL found no evidence that any team money went to the fund . Payments were made for plays in which opposing players were injured and for interceptions and fumble recoveries , the NFL said . "  The investigation showed bounties being placed on four quarterbacks of opposing teams --  Minnesota 's  Brett Favre ,  Carolina 's  Cam Newton ,  Green Bay 's  Aaron Rodgers , and  Arizona 's  Kurt Warner , " the NFL said . Favre and Warner have since retired . Several players pledged money for bounties on specific opponents , "  with defensive captain Jonathan Vilma offering $ 10,000 to any player who knocked Brett Favre out of the NFC Championship Game in 2010 , " the NFL said . In the three seasons of the bounty program , the Saints were among the top five teams in roughing-the-passer penalties and ranked in the top six teams for unnecessary roughing penalties , the NFL said . After a January 2010 playoff game , Saints defensive players were fined $ 15,000 for fouls against the Arizona Cardinals , and after the NFC Championship against the Minnesota Vikings , the Saints defense was fined a total of $ 30,000 for four illegal hits , several of which were directed against Favre , the NFL said . Assistant head coach Vitt acknowledged to investigators that the team 's "  defensive meeting preceding the 2010 NFC Championship Game may have ` got out of hand ' with respect to Brett Favre , " the NFL said . A document written after a preseason game stated "  1 Cart-off -- Crank up the John Deer  sic  Tractor " in reference to a hit on an opponent , the NFL said . "  Similar statements are reflected in prepared documents or slides in connection with other games in multiple seasons . A review of the game films confirms that opposing players were injured on the plays identified in the documents , " the NFL said . Last year , before the opener , head coach Payton "  received an e-mail from a close associate that stated in part , ` PS Greg Williams put me down for $ 5000 on Rogers  sic  , ' " the NFL said . Payton told investigators that the e-mail referred to a "  bounty " on Green Bay 's Rodgers , the NFL said . Williams "  acknowledged that he designed and implemented the  bounty  program with the assistance of certain defensive players " after being told by Payton to make the defense "  nasty , " the NFL found . Williams kept records , determined the amount and recipients of the payouts , and distributed the "  envelopes with cash to players who ` earned ' rewards , " the NFL said . But Williams was first questioned about the bounty program in early 2010 , "  he intentionally misled NFL investigators and made no effort to stop the program after he became aware of the league 's investigation , " the NFL said . CNN 's Tim Clark and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This will never happen again , " the apologetic Saints team says NEW : Former defense coach Gregg Williams apologizes "  wholeheartedly " Bounties were put on QBs Brett Favre , Cam Newton , Aaron Rodgers , Kurt Warner Saints head coach must sit out a season ; Williams , now at Rams , is suspended indefinitely
CNN  -- Historical tensions and overreaction on the part of both Russia and Georgia contributed to a five-day conflict between the two in 2008 , a European Union fact-finding mission concluded in a report released Wednesday . South Ossetian mourners at the grave of a relative killed in the conflict on the first anniversary in August 2009 . "  The conflict is rooted in a profusion of causes comprising different layers in time and actions combined , " said the report from the Independent International Fact-Finding Mission on the Conflict in Georgia . "  While it is possible to identify the authorship of some important events and decisions marking its course , there is no way to assign overall responsibility for the conflict to one side alone . They have all failed , and it should be their responsibility to make good for it . " Georgia launched a campaign against South Ossetia , a Russian-backed separatist Georgian territory , on August 7 , 2008 . The following day , Russian tanks , troops and armored vehicles poured into South Ossetia and another Russian-backed breakaway Georgian territory , Abkhazia , advancing into Georgian cities outside the rebel regions . A total of about 850 people were killed on all sides , the report said , and untold numbers of others were wounded or went missing . About 100,000 civilians fled their homes , and about 35,000 have been unable to return . "  The fighting did not end the political conflict , nor were any of the issues that lay beneath it resolved , " the report said . "  Tensions still continue . The political situation after the end of fighting turned out to be no easier and in some respects even more difficult than before . " Russia and Georgia each blamed the other for starting the conflict , and accused each other of a variety of offenses leading up to and during the fighting , including ethnic cleansing . Moscow has since recognized South Ossetia and Abkhazia as independent regions . But relations between Georgia and Russia are at an "  all-time low , " the report notes . After five days of fighting , a peace deal was brokered by French President Nicolas Sarkozy , acting on behalf of the EU . An implementation effort followed on September 8 . The report noted that the actions "  stood in contrast to the failure of the international community , including the U.N. Security Council , to act swiftly and resolutely enough in order to control the ever-mounting tensions prior  to  the outbreak of armed conflict . " Georgian armed forces shelled the South Ossetian capital of Tskhinvali the night of August 7 . While that action was seen as the start of the armed conflict , "  it was only the culminating point of a long period of increasing tensions , provocations and incidents , " the fact-finding report said . "  Indeed , the conflict has deep roots in the history of the region , in peoples ' national traditions and aspirations as well as in age-old perceptions or rather misperceptions of each other , which were never mended and sometimes exploited . " Any evaluation of the conflict should take that into account , along with mounting tensions in the months and weeks leading up to it , the report said , as well as "  years of provocations , mutual accusations , military and political threats and acts of violence both inside and outside the conflict zone . "  It has to consider , too , the impact of a great power 's coercive politics and diplomacy against a small and insubordinate neighbor , together with the small neighbour 's penchant for overplaying its hand and acting in the heat of the moment without careful consideration of the final outcome , not to mention its fear that it might permanently lose important parts of its territory through creeping annexation , " the report said . The fact-finding mission was established in December by the EU to investigate the conflict . It was headed by Heidi Tagliavini , a former United Nations special representative for Georgia . The EU said in a statement it welcomed the report and hopes its findings can contribute to future international efforts at "  preventive diplomacy . "	Report : A total of about 850 people were killed on all sides in five-day conflict About 100,000 civilians fled their homes , about 35,000 unable to return Report : "  No way to assign overall responsibility for the conflict to one side alone " Russia and Georgia each blamed the other for starting the conflict
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A Moroccan court sentenced a Moroccan man to 20 years in prison for his role in the Madrid train bombings of 2004 , in a case built on evidence from Spanish police , a Spanish court spokeswoman said Friday . Abdelilah Hriz  left  is escorted to the anti-terrorist court in Sale , near the Moroccan capital , Rabat . The sentence against Abdelilah Hriz was announced late Thursday . Hriz , in his early 30s , was arrested in Morocco last January on a Spanish warrant for participation in the attacks that killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800 on Madrid commuter trains . He was convicted of "  constituting a criminal group to carry out a terrorist act " and "  complicity in the destruction of transport systems " and "  participating in the premeditated assault , " said the spokeswoman for Spain 's National Court in Madrid . Morocco and Spain do not have an extradition treaty and it is believed to be a rare instance in which Morocco tried one of its nationals for a crime committed abroad , said the spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified . The main trial of the train bombing defendants was held in 2007 at the National Court in Madrid , resulting in numerous convictions . Spain 's Supreme Court last summer ruled on appeals , which left a total of 18 convictions , including 14 Islamic militants and four Spaniards , the latter for trafficking in explosives used in the attacks . But Spanish authorities have long said that a few suspects remained at large , and Hriz was one of them . Spain has sought Hriz since 2005 , after DNA tests indicated he had been present at a rural home near Madrid where authorities say the bombs were assembled , and at a suburban Madrid apartment where seven suspected terrorists blew themselves up , three weeks after the attacks as police closed in on their hideout . Spanish news reports said Hriz admitted that he had been in Spain from October 2003 to March 2004 but that he denied the charges against him in court in Sale , Morocco , near the capital , Rabat . The Moroccan prosecution sought life in prison against Hriz , Spanish media reported , but the court decided on a sentence of 20 years . Spain 's National Court expressed "  satisfaction " at Morocco 's "  complete collaboration " in the case , the spokeswoman said . The cooperation included a visit to Morocco by Spain 's main investigating magistrate for the train bombings .	Abdelilah Hriz arrested in Morocco last January on a Spanish warrant DNA tests indicated he had been at a Madrid house where bombs were made Hriz convicted in Morocca in a case built on evidence from Spanish police 2004 Madrid bombings killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800
CNN  -- All nine teenagers who were sought in an Amber Alert are with their parents , according to the lawyer for a New Mexico youth ranch . On Saturday , police said they had confirmed that four of the nine were in their parents ' custody . The other five were accounted for Sunday , state police said . The nine teens were attending a facility for troubled youths called the Tierra Blanca Ranch , and authorities began searching for them after receiving allegations of abuse , police say . Pete Domenici , the attorney for the ranch , told CNN early Sunday morning that the teens were all with their parents and have been for "  many , many hours . " "  The five remaining kids on the state police Amber Alert have all been with their parents for over 24 hours . One boy who is still listed as part of the active Amber Alert , has been with his parents since Wednesday . " CNN has reached out to police for comment regarding Domenici 's claims . Earlier , authorities had said they would keep the alert active until they could confirm the teens ' whereabouts . The incident started Friday , when state police investigators went to the ranch to execute a search warrant and investigate claims of abuse , authorities said . The youths were not at the ranch and neither was Scott Chandler , the ranch director , the New Mexico State Police said . Domenici said the teens had just gone on a trip and nothing was wrong . "  The boys from the Tierra Blanca Ranch have been on a previously scheduled activity away from the ranch for several days , " Domenici said . "  They do this regularly , have for years , " he said . "  Three teachers were part of the trip . " Despite the attorney 's statement , the Amber Alert was not rescinded . State police on Saturday urged Chandler and the parents of the missing boys to contact them . "  This is still an active investigation , " said state police Sgt. Emmanuel Gutierrez . "  We have not visually seen these kids to confirm their whereabouts , which is why the Amber Alert remains active . " The confusion seems to stem from allegations of abuse of the teens at the ranch , CNN affiliate KRQE reported . "  We have allegations of abuse , " New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez said , according to KRQE . "  We 're required by law to investigate , and when you suddenly show up to the place and everybody 's gone , it 's of huge concern to us . " State officials were investigating claims that youths at the camp had been threatened , shackled and beaten , the affiliate said . Chandler has denied these claims , his attorney said , and he has filed suit against the state for the handling of the case , KRQE reported . The ranch director tried to resolve the situation in court , but a hearing had been delayed , the lawyer said . The Tierra Blanca Ranch in unincorporated Hillsboro , New Mexico , is a 30,000-acre facility that bills itself as a "  new beginning for troubled at-risk youth , " according to its website . "  For almost 20 years , this beautiful and historic ranch has been the setting of Chandler family efforts to work with troubled and at-risk youths . " Florida exhumes bodies at former boys school	NEW : All nine teens put on Amber Alert have been accounted for by police Attorney : The teens were with their parents Tierra Blanca Ranch says it works to help at-risk youth
French authorities backed off a claim that a 22-year-old man was connected to beheadings in a recent ISIS video , a day after publicly identifying him . A spokeswoman for the Paris prosecutor 's office on Thursday distanced the agency from a news release put forth by her office that identified Mickael Dos Santos as the second French national believed to be an ISIS terrorist . "  We stated yesterday on precise and concurring clues about his identity . We never talked about formal identity . The investigation is still ongoing , " spokeswoman Agnès Thibault-Lecuivre told CNN 's Laura Akhoun . She declined further comment . Dos Santos , according to the prosecutor 's office , remains wanted on a October 2013 warrant as part of an investigation into French citizens who had gone to Syria to fight with ISIS . Why are so many young French turning to jihad ? The announcement leaves just Maxime Hauchard , who authorities said Monday was in the video , released over the weekend , that depicts in graphic detail the beheadings of men whom ISIS militants claim were Syrian government pilots . It also shows the aftermath of another beheading in which the victim in not clearly recognizable , but that the U.S. government says was American aid worker Peter Kassig . Public Prosecutor Francois Molins described Hauchard -- who went to Syria in 2013 and visited Mauritania the previous year -- as a "  self-radicalized " jihadist who traveled to the region under the guise of a humanitarian mission . He was known to French security services as far back as 2011 , the prosecutor said . More barbaric ISIS videos expected after Kassig 's death , analyst says ISIS foreign fighters prompt concern The ranks of ISIS -- the extremist group calling itself the Islamic State that 's taken over vast swaths of Syria and Iraq -- have swelled with volunteers coming from outside the region , including from the West . How foreign fighters are bolstering ISIS Intelligence estimates indicate that more than 100 of the foreign fighters in Iraq and Syria have come from the United States . Hundreds more arrived from Europe , including more than 900 French citizens that country 's government believes are involved in the jihad there . This influx has spurred concerns that some of these fighters could bring the fight back home , perhaps with attacks inside Western nations . Those worries have been heightened by the group 's brutal tactics against foe and civilians alike , such as raping , enslaving and selling Iraqi women belonging to the Yazidi religious minority . Last week , a United Nations panel stated what many consider obvious : ISIS has committed war crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria . Yazidi women ` treated like cattle ' The West is fighting back , with many countries -- including France -- allying with Iraq to conduct airstrikes targeting ISIS in that country . The United States has also led airstrikes going after the group in Syria . OPINION : Kassig 's murder a sign of weakness from a terror group on the run	French authorities on Wednesday identified Mickael Dos Santos They said he was one of two men connected to an ISIS beheadings video On Thursday , the prosecutor 's office backed off the claim The case is still under investigation , official says
CNN  -- West Virginia has demanded a full list of any other chemicals that might have leaked from a Charleston-area storage plant after its owners revealed another compound had spilled into the Elk River . The state Department of Environmental Protection gave Freedom Industries until Wednesday afternoon to disclose "  any and all information " related to the January 9 spill . The move came a day after the company told regulators that in addition to the methanol compound that escaped from a ruptured tank , a second chemical -- a mix of polyglycol ethers , known as PPH -- was part of the leak . PPH is not believed to pose any new health hazard for the people of Charleston , the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . But the state environmental agency said failing to accurately report the makeup of the leak is a violation of state law . "  These materials were not included in the initial information regarding the composition of the spilled materials , " the agency stated in a Wednesday order to Freedom . In a statement issued along with the order , DEP chief Randy Huffman called the late disclosure "  completely unacceptable . " More than 7,000 gallons of 4-methylcyclohexane methanol , known as MCHM , leaked into Charleston 's water supply after it leaked out of a Freedom Industries storage tank . The result was a do-not-use order that left about 300,000 people in the area unable to drink or bathe in their water , some for more than a week . The CDC said little is known about the health hazards of PPH , but it appears to be less toxic than MCHM and made up about 5 % of the total volume of the leaking tank . "  Given the small percentage of PPH in the tank and information suggesting similar water solubility as MCHM , it is likely that any amount of PPH currently in the water system would be extremely low , " it said . "  However , the water system has not been tested for this material . " Faced with numerous lawsuits as a result of the spill , Freedom Industries filed for bankruptcy protection last week . The company had no immediate response to Wednesday 's demand from state officials , who have pledged to step up their oversight of the industry .	The second chemical is n't believed to pose new health risks , the CDC says It escaped from the same tank that leaked on January 9 outside Charleston A state official called the late disclosure "  completely unacceptable " The January 9 leak prompted a do-not-use order for up to 300,000 people
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- As violence continues to wrack Iraq , the United Nations warned Saturday of another ethnic slaughter in the making by Sunni extremists from ISIS . ISIS fighters have besieged the ethnic Turkmen Shiite town of Amerli in the north for two months , and its fewer than 20,000 residents are without power and running out of food , water and medical supplies . "  The situation of the people in Amerli is desperate and demands immediate action to prevent the possible massacre of its citizens , " said Nickolay Mladenov , the U.N. secretary-general 's special representative for Iraq . He said the suffering was "  unspeakable " and demanded that the Shiite majority Iraqi government "  relieve the siege " on Amerli . The religious group 's head cleric , Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani , pushed the government to do the same Friday . And he called for air drops "  to ease the suffering of its people , especially children and the weak . " About 5,000 families live in Amerli , which has been under siege for 70 days , according to Dr. Ali Albayati , head of the Turkmen Saving Foundation . He told CNN the town is running without electricity , is out of medicine and can only turn to wells for water . Nearly three dozen villages surrounding Amerli are already under ISIS control , Albayati said . The people of Amerli are relying on the Iraqi government to take them out by helicopter or support them with food drops , Albayati said . In the past 10 days , he added , only one flight has delivered food . Surrounded on four sides , the 17,400 residents have had to defend themselves with only the help of local police , said Masrwr Aswad of Iraq 's Human Rights Commission . He said attempts to bring aid have been hampered by the ISIS security threat , which makes flying helicopters into the area extremely difficult and dangerous . Their situation echoes the ordeal of Iraq 's ethnic Yazidis , whose plight after they were forced to flee into the mountains to escape militants ISIS triggered U.S. aid drops and the first U.S. airstrikes against ISIS . Iraqi Prime Minister-designate Haider al-Abadi praised the people of Amerli for their "  heroic defense " in the face of the ISIS siege and called for them to be given support . Their resistance represents "  the beginning of the demise " of ISIS , he said , saying it could encourage other communities also to stand up against the militants . ISIS has targeted Shiite , Christian and other minority communities as it has advanced across Iraq . Yazidis braced for life in exile Baghdad , Kirkuk and Irbil bombings Meanwhile , a suicide bomber targeted the Interior Ministry intelligence headquarters in central Baghdad on Saturday , killing at least four people and injuring 35 others . The attacker drove up to the complex gate and detonated the explosives , local police officials said . They warned that the casualty figures are expected to rise . In Kirkuk , a series of three car bombs and a roadside bomb exploded in close succession in different areas of the volatile city , killing at least 20 people and wounding 113 others , Kirkuk police officials told CNN . This follows a warning issued by ISIS on Friday promising revenge after the killing of 50 of its members in a battle in Jalawla , Iraq . ISIS specifically promised to retaliate against the Kurdish Peshmerga forces . Two of the three car bombs appeared to target a construction site where Kurdish Pershmerga and Asayesh  Kurdish intelligence  forces were stationed at a security post . Another car bomb detonated in Irbil , the capital of Iraq 's Kurdistan region , Kurdish government officials confirmed to CNN . It was the first explosion in the city since a suicide bomber targeted the security headquarters there in September 2013 . The car bomb exploded on the outskirts of the city , on the side of a main road leading out of Irbil to Kirkuk . Kurdish officials said at least two people were injured , and the local television network Rudaw reported from the scene that three people light injuries . This string of incidents came as the death toll death rose to 70 from an attack on Sunni Muslims a day earlier at a mosque in northeast Iraq , when suspected Shiite militiamen opened fire on worshipers . Friday 's attack in the Musab bin Omar Mosque in the village of Bani Weis , about 50 miles northeast of Baquba , also injured at least 17 people , officials said . It also threatened to derail efforts to form a new , inclusive government -- something world leaders have said is a must if the country hopes to defeat Islamic militants . Iraqi authorities did not immediately identify the attackers , but Sunni politicians have put the blame on Shiite militias . Outraged Sunni lawmakers withdrew from negotiations to form a new government , saying they would not return until those behind the attack were arrested , two party officials told CNN . But the United States and the United Nations called on Iraq to continue its efforts to form a united government . U.S. ` understands the threat ' U.S. President Barack Obama has authorized targeted airstrikes to protect U.S. personnel in Iraq -- including military advisers -- as well as minorities being brutalized by ISIS . And U.S. officials have said that Washington is mulling the possibility of going after ISIS fighters in their stronghold in eastern Syria . But Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby would not confirm concrete plans . "  We do n't telegraph our punches , " he said . "  I 'm not going to get ahead of planning that has n't been done or decisions that have n't been made , " Kirby said . What will it take to beat ISIS ? ISIS vows retribution for killings ISIS made threats over battle losses on Friday . More than 50 of its fighters were killed while defending the large ISIS-held town of Jalawla "  against the Peshmerga  Kurdish  mercenaries , " it said on Twitter . A subsequent tweet said the group vowed revenge . Iraqi and Kurdish forces surrounded Jalawla and took back several nearby villages in Diyala province , a spokesman for Kurdish forces said . The Peshmerga and Iraqi commandos inflicted heavy losses against ISIS in those battles , military officials said . In neighboring Salaheddin province , also north of Baghdad , Iraqi helicopters killed 30 ISIS fighters in the town of Dhuluiya , about 70 kilometers northeast of Baquba , Iraqi security officials told CNN . More U.S. airstrikes near Mosul Dam Meanwhile , U.S. military forces have conducted more airstrikes against the militants , primarily ISIS-driven vehicles , near Mosul Dam , the Pentagon said . Since August 8 , the U.S. military has carried out 94 airstrikes , 61 of them in support of Iraqi forces near the Mosul Dam , according to the Defense Department . The dam is the largest in the country , and Iraqi and U.S. officials fear that a breach in the dam would threaten the lives of millions of Iraqis who live downstream in Mosul and Baghdad . The U.S. airstrikes have continued despite a threat by ISIS to kill another American hostage . Earlier this week , ISIS posted an online video showing the execution of American journalist James Foley . The group threatened the life of another man , identified as American journalist Steven Sotloff , if the United States did n't end airstrikes in Iraq . Where is ISIS ? CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh reported from Baghdad , Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Anna Coren , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Ben Brumfield , Hamdi Alkhshali , Mussab Khairallah , Karzan Ziadan and Jessica Ravitz contributed to this report .	NEW : Bombs kill 20 across Kirkuk Iraq 's PM-designate praises "  heroic defence " put up by besieged town U.N. calls for action to help Amerli , a Turkmen Shiite town under attack by ISIS Sunni lawmakers pull out of talks to form a government over a mosque attack
Everett , Washington  CNN  -- After more than two years of delays , Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner made its maiden flight Tuesday in a three-hour trip that the maker described as a success . "  Today is truly a proud and historic day for the global team who has worked tirelessly to design and build the 787 Dreamliner -- the first all-new jet airplane of the 21st century , " said Scott Fancher , vice president and general manager of the 787 program , in a news release . "  We look forward to the upcoming flight test program and soon bringing groundbreaking levels of efficiency , technology and passenger comfort to airlines and the flying public . " More than 12,000 employees and guests watched as the plane took off at 10:27 a.m. from Paine Field in Everett , Washington . It landed more than three hours later and about 40 miles away at Seattle , Washington 's Boeing Field after having flown at a speed of 207 mph at 15,000 feet -- typical for a maiden flight , the company said . During their time aloft , the chief pilot and captain tested some of the airplane 's systems and structures while flight data were transmitted electronically to engineers at Boeing Field . "  The flight marks the beginning of a flight test program that will see six airplanes flying nearly around the clock and around the globe , with the airplane 's first delivery scheduled for fourth quarter 2010 , " Boeing 's news release said . Boeing promises passengers "  a better flying experience " that includes bigger windows , more luggage space and better lighting . It promises airline operators greater efficiency by burning 20 percent less fuel than current models of comparable size and by providing as much as 45 percent more space for cargo . So far , 55 customers have ordered 840 of the planes . The official price of one is $ 150 million . "  We think this is going to be a very efficient airplane , " Jim Albaugh , Boeing executive vice president and CEO , told CNN . "  It 's going to change the way people travel . " Despite the delays , Boeing 's first new commercial airliner in more than a decade will still be relevant , Albaugh said Monday . "  It 's more environmentally friendly , it 's more efficient , uses less fuel , it 's going to cost the operator less to fly , it 's going to allow the passengers to pay less and feel better when they land , " he said . Boeing 's fuel claims are linked to its design . It is the first major airliner to be made mostly of composite materials and , as a result , is lighter . Depending on the configuration , the plane can seat 200 to 300 passengers and can travel more than 2,500 nautical miles . But production delays and technical problems have stolen some of the Dreamliner 's luster . Many of the snags in the supply line have been blamed on the army of partners Boeing brought in to help with the construction . "  They did too much outsourcing , too soon , with too little oversight , " said Scott Hamilton of the aviation consulting firm Leeham Co. "  The customers have been mightily -LSB- upset -RSB- over the creeping delays . " Albaugh acknowledged that , "  in hindsight , " the level of outsourcing may not have been the best strategy . "  There a few things we might have kept inside , yes , " he said . With 10 months of flight tests ahead , the 787s wo n't start flying commercially until at least 2011 , the company said . "  There 's a lot of work to do , " Albaugh said .	NEW : 787 Dreamliner completes three-hour test flight Boeing has touted the 787 as more environmentally friendly and fuel efficient Company says plane is made of composite materials that are lighter than aluminum Depending on configuration , Dreamliner can seat 200 to 300 passengers
CNN  -- Imagine James Gandolfini as a man weary of the world -- resigned to the fact that his remaining days will be filled with regret and longing . And yet he still has hopes . He is not passive . He is trying to make things right until the very end . This is not the Gandolfini of "  The Sopranos . " It 's one of his last projects , "  Violet & Daisy . " Though completed in 2011 , the film only gained a significant U.S. release earlier this month . Official : Gandolfini probably died of heart attack In "  Violet & Daisy , " Gandolfini plays a thief with no name who spends much of his time in a comfortable chair waiting to be killed . Two teenagers -- Violet  Alexis Bledel  and Daisy  Saoirse Ronan  -- are hired to murder him . Gandolfini was never less than powerful , director Geoffrey Fletcher said Thursday . "  Jim was riveting . "  You can listen to a "  CNN Profiles " interview with Fletcher here  . Even when the actor was n't the focal point you could n't take your eyes off him , Fletcher said . Gandolfini was often still in "  Violet & Daisy . " But he remained , in his stillness , a man of powerful actions , Fletcher said . Early on in the movie 's production , he and Gandolfini met in the lounge of New York 's Algonquin Hotel . They opened up to each other , talking about their struggles breaking through in the business -- the many odd jobs each took to stay afloat before getting their breaks . Gandolfini shared a personal story , which Fletcher said he feels compelled to share because he believes it says so much about the actor 's character . A friend of Gandolfini 's was in serious financial trouble and had come to him for money . It was n't a fortune , but a significant amount . Gandolfini told Fletcher he gave his friend the money . A day later he received a check in the mail for the same amount of money for "  The Sopranos , " Gandolfini told Fletcher . What goes around comes around -- including a small piece of the generous spirit of James Gandolfini .	James Gandolfini played a thief in one of his last films , "  Violet & Daisy " Gandolfini , 51 , died this week in Italy , likely of a heart attack "  Violet & Daisy " director says the actor was always focal point Compassionate man gave easily to friends , director says
CNN  -- When the water recedes and the winds calm , the cleanup from Superstorm Sandy will just be beginning . Relief groups and state agencies are registering volunteers to help with recovery efforts in storm-damaged areas in the days and weeks to come . The New York City Mayor 's Office is directing those who want to volunteer to register through NYC Service . People will be notified of opportunities as they become available . New York Cares coordinates volunteer programs for 1,300 nonprofits , city agencies and public schools , according to its website . The organization is preliminarily registering volunteers and will be organizing disaster recovery projects after the storm passes . New Jersey has activated its Volunteer Emergency Response Hotline . Local volunteers can call 1-800-JERSEY-7  1-800-537-7397  to register . The New Jersey Office of Volunteerism and AmeriCorps will match volunteers based on availability and skills . Boston Cares is organizing volunteers to assist in various locations across Massachusetts . There is an immediate appeal for additional help at Red Cross shelters . United Way is organizing volunteers in Southeastern Pennsylvania . Go online for more information and to fill out the volunteer form . Volunteers in Rhode Island can sign up for on-call opportunities through ServeRhodeIsland.org . Samaritan 's Purse will be organizing teams to help with debris clean up throughout the East Coast . Volunteers of any skill level can register online . Red Cross volunteers have been dispatched from across the country to help the East Coast . Become a Red Cross Disaster Volunteer and support future Red Cross disaster response efforts . Local Community Emergency Response Teams have also responded with help during and after the storm . To learn about CERT training and find programs in your area , go online . In all emergency and disaster situations , volunteers should not self-deploy -- for their own safety and the safety of others . Visit Impact Your World for more ways to get involved and help all those affected by Superstorm Sandy . How to help	Relief groups and state agencies are registering volunteers to help in the wake of Sandy Volunteers are needed immediately and in the weeks to come Stay informed of ways you can help those impacted by Sandy at CNN.com / Impact
CNN  -- President Obama said Wednesday the United States must take the lead on energy , citing the "  enormous job creation potential that exists . " President Obama holds talks with members of the Economic Recovery Advisory Board on Wednesday . Obama 's remarks came at the end of his first quarterly meeting with the Economic Recovery Advisory Board , which was created in February to provide the administration with independent , nonpartisan advice on how to promote economic growth and stability . The focus of Wednesday 's meeting , which was streamed live on the White House Web site , was job creation and green energy . Obama told the board members he 's seen "  some return to normalcy " in parts of the financial markets . Watch Obama describe the ` progress ' he sees " "  But obviously , one of the things I 've been concerned about since I took office is looking beyond the immediate crisis in front of us to find out what is a sustainable economic model , post bubble and bust , " he said . "  How do we create sound fundamentals on issues like education , on health care and ... energy , as well as all the innovation that 's required around these various areas , so that moving forward , we do n't find ourselves in an unsustainable economic model ? " he asked . Paul Volcker , who chairs the board , said as the panel discusses investments , they ca n't forget the risks of inaction . "  There is n't enough emphasis , it seems to me , on the cost of what happens if we do n't do anything , " said Volcker , who served as the chairman of the Federal Reserve during the Carter and Reagan administrations . Obama said the steps taken around energy this week have been "  promising . " The president on Tuesday announced new fuel economy rules , including a requirement for passenger cars and light trucks to get an overall average of 35.5 miles per gallon by 2016 . Obama and the board spent about an hour discussing the immediate opportunities and challenges for green energy . Panel members expressed concerned that the United States is behind other countries in controlling carbon emissions . "  We think it 's very important to act now , " said John Doerr , a partner with Kleiner , Perkins , Caufield & Byers . "  If we act now , and send very clear signals to our business community and the nation . " Doerr said he thinks "  putting a price on carbon " is the most important thing they can do , but he said it 's not the only policy that can be adopted . He also stressed the importance of research and development funding . Obama has been pushing Congress to move ahead with legislation that places a market-based cap on carbon pollution . Board member Jeffrey R. Immelt , the chairman and CEO of GE , called clean energy "  the most exciting , fastest growth industry of the 21st century . " He said his company 's 70 energy-efficiency products are generating $ 18 billion in revenue and accounting for 50,000 jobs between GE and its suppliers . "  Technology is out there to be had . I think we have to have a broad aspiration to lead in technology , " Immelt said . Richard Trumka , the secretary-treasurer of the AFL-CIO , said he sees clean energy as a "  tremendous potential for us to lead " and an opportunity for solid , middle-class jobs . Trumka expressed concern , however , that the tax code and various trade agreements the administration was looking at could put them at a disadvantage in the global market . But overall , he said , he sees green energy as a "  win , win , win " for the country . The advisory board has been established for a two-year term , after which Obama will determine whether it is still needed . It is modeled on the Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board , created during the Eisenhower administration to provide the president independent advice on global affairs . Austan Goolsbee , a University of Chicago economist , serves as the board 's staff director and chief economist . He also served as an economic adviser for Obama 's presidential campaign . The other board members are : • William H. Donaldson , chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission • Roger W. Ferguson Jr. , president & CEO of TIAA-CREF • Robert Wolf , chairman and CEO of UBS Group Americas • David F. Swensen , CIO of Yale University • Mark T. Gallogly , founder and managing partner of Centerbridge Partners L.P. • Penny Pritzker , chairman and founder of Pritzker Realty Group • Jim Owens , chairman and CEO of Caterpillar Inc. . • Monica C. Lozano , publisher and CEO of La Opinion • Charles E. Phillips Jr. , president of Oracle Corporation • Anna Burger , secretary-treasurer of the Service Employees International Union • Laura D'Andrea Tyson , dean of the Haas School of Business at the University of California at Berkeley • Martin Feldstein , George F. Baker professor of economics at Harvard University CNN 's Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	Obama meets with economic board to discuss green energy , job creation Board chairman Paul Volcker says one can not forget the risk of inaction Obama says he sees "  some return to normalcy " in parts of financial markets Board members discuss challenges , opportunities for a green energy economy
CNN  -- American Samoans have every right to be frustrated . The United States laid claim to these eastern islands of a South Pacific archipelago in 1900 , and since that time , American Samoans have served in the U.S. military , including the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Yet , those born in American Samoa receive passports declaring the holder is only a U.S. national , not a U.S. citizen . Noncitizen residents complain they are unable to vote in national elections or to work in jobs that require citizenship status . They also claim their birth status renders them ineligible for federal work-study programs in college , firearm permits and travel/immigration visas . If they want to become citizens , American Samoans must relocate to another part of the United States to initiate the naturalization process , pay a $ 680 fee and be subjected to a moral character assessment , fingerprinting and the English/civics examination . Quite a process to become citizens of the nation that they consider their home . American Samoans indeed have every right to be frustrated . However , they have zero legal right to be U.S. citizens . While it 's true that they would likely win their case in nearly every court of public opinion , they will ultimately lose in all the courts that count : actual courts of law . As with many things , when it comes to citizenship , little is guaranteed to residents of the Territories . American Samoans have challenged federal laws and policy that decline to grant citizenship . The federal district court in the District of Columbia granted the government 's motion to dismiss the lawsuit , but the D.C. Circuit , the appellate court , is giving the American Samoans another chance to argue their case . The last American frontier The U.S. Territories are the last American frontier . They are as rugged as the Wild West and arguably as picturesque . Because of patchwork governance and varying isolation from the mainland , their outward appearances run the gamut : from teeming , vibrant quasi-state to desolated , sun-blasted rock , all scattered to the corners of the globe . So what of the residents of these Territories ? They are people like you or me . Are they U.S. citizens ? Or -- like the soil on which they live -- are they considered another "  possession " of the United States ? The short answer is : They are whatever Congress wants them to be . Whether that sounds fair or not , there 's little to dispute legally . Territorial residents are not without any constitutional protections . The Supreme Court defined the extent to which the Constitution applies in Territories in a series of cases known to those of us who live or work in the Territories as the Insular Cases . These cases held that only specific "  fundamental " constitutional rights are guaranteed to Territorial inhabitants . The question then is whether the Citizenship Clause of the 14th Amendment applies to American Samoans . The Citizenship Clause provides that " -LSB- a -RSB- ll persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside . " American Samoa is certainly "  subject to the jurisdiction " of the United States . But residents must also be born "  in the United States " for the constitutional right to attach . Unfortunately , for 14th Amendment citizenship purposes , the Territories have never been considered "  in the United States . " No federal court has ever recognized birthright citizenship as a guarantee in unincorporated Territories . In fact , federal courts have held on many occasions that unincorporated Territories are not included within the "  United States " for purposes of the Citizenship Clause . Because these residents have no Constitutional , automatic right to citizenship , Congress can pick and choose how they become citizens . In fact , it has done just that : granting citizenship at birth to residents of other Territories . For example , residents of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands are citizens if born there . But that citizenship does not flow from any constitutional right . Rather , Congress has chosen to pass independent legislation giving those residents citizenship . Indeed , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of the Supreme Court observed in one opinion that the only remaining noncitizen nationals are residents of American Samoa and Swains Island . When it comes to citizenship in the Territories , Congress can giveth or it can choose not to giveth , and the Constitution gives those residents no recourse . Annexation and inconvenience ? The public policy is clear . Courts have been reluctant to force Congress to grant citizenship to persons merely because the U.S. has annexed their homeland . Courts and the legislature alike cite the practical inconvenience to the federal government . The theory : If the practice of acquiring Territories required endowing the inhabitants with citizenship of the United States , this would be too great an inconvenience to the government . Then again , imagine the inconvenience to the newly annexed inhabitants who suddenly find themselves without citizenship anywhere . American Samoans have fought in our armed services for over a century , so it feels fundamentally unfair that they get short shrift when it comes to citizenship . The problem is , fairness can not overcome the language of the Constitution and centuries of legal precedent . Fair or not , American Samoans will likely lose this legal battle , even though the Court of Appeals has given them a glimmer of hope and a second chance , of sorts . Citizenship for them is not a constitutional right ; it can not be grafted onto them by any court . Only Congress can choose to grant citizenship to Territorial inhabitants . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Danny Cevallos .	Danny Cevallos : American Samoans are right to be frustrated He says Samoans are suing the federal government to get citizenship rights Constitution gives the power to make that decision to Congress , he says Cevallos : It seems fair to change law so that American Samoans get citizenship
The Frisky  -- Although I do n't plan to change my name when I get hitched this summer , I respect and appreciate every woman 's right to choose what 's best for her . I reject the notion some have expressed that when a woman takes her husband 's last name she 's giving up her identity . Rules still remain about the proper way to address invitations to women depending on their marital status . But then I had an interesting conversation with my mother recently that added a whole new layer to this name and identity dichotomy . I 've been working on wedding invitations and I 'm in the middle of finalizing a guest list and collecting addresses , so I shot my mom an email to make sure I had the most current addresses of our family members , and I also asked how I should formally address certain people on the envelopes . I figured that my mother and grandmother , being total old-school traditionalists , would prefer to be addressed with their husbands as Mr. and Mrs. TheirHusband ` sFirstAndLastName , but I was n't sure about everyone else . How , for example , should I address my aunt who 's divorced but retained her married name ? The Frisky : What 's in a name ? My mother 's reply sort of shocked me . As I expected , she expressed her desire to be addressed as Mrs. MyDad ` sFullName , but said that etiquette dictated that all married women who share their husband 's last name be addressed as such , and that divorced women who retain their married names , like my aunt , should be addressed as Mrs. -- not Ms. , as I assumed -- TheirFullName . The Frisky : 15 tips for a budget wedding Most surprising to me , my mother said that even when a card is sent just to her , like a birthday card or Mother 's Day card , she prefers to be addressed as Mrs. My Dad 's Full Name and not , as I 'd assume , Mrs. Her Full Name ! "  Your grandmother prefers that as well , " she said , "  We 've talked about it . " She says that addressing a woman as Mrs. Her First and Last Name would imply that she 's divorced , and a card addressed without a title at all is just plain "  impolite . " "  Google the etiquette rules if you do n't believe me , " she said . Well , I did Google the rules ; I even took the bible of social rules , "  Emily Post 's Etiquette  16th Edition  " down off the shelf , and was astonished to find that my mom is pretty much correct . The book and almost every link I found said it was proper etiquette to address the envelope of a married couple as Mr. and Mrs. John S. Smith without any regard to the woman 's first name at all . The Frisky : Why are weddings getting weirder In my brief search I found just one exception , which expressed clearly : "  Either use both first names when addressing a married couple or no first names at all . Avoid the Mr. and Mrs. John Doe .  it is old fashioned and usually makes the wife feel owned by her husband  . " Using no first names on mail addressed to married couples is the tradition I 've adopted as an adult , never realizing that both my mother and grandmother find it disrespectful because it 's not in keeping with traditional rules of etiquette . My mother says the etiquette rule that trumps all others when it comes to names is to call a person what he or she wishes to be called , which is a rule that 's surely timeless . The Frisky : Can you wear white to someone else 's wedding ? But what about in situations when one does n't know how a person wishes to be addressed and it 's impractical to ask  like when you have to address 100 wedding invitations , for example  ? If we 're to fall back on the general rules of etiquette , is n't it time that those rules reflect modern culture and not the traditions of the 1950s or earlier ? TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Author ponders proper etiquette while addressing wedding invitations Mother : Couples are addressed as Mr. and Mrs. TheirHusband ` sFirstAndLastName Addressing a woman as Mrs. Her First and Last Name implies she 's divorced
The trial of Oscar Pistorius , accused of killing his former girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp , was postponed until April 7 because one of two assessors was hospitalized . The assessors will help the judge decide the verdict . South Africa does not have jury trials . Pistorius killed Steenkamp on Valentine 's Day last year . Of that , there is no doubt . But was it murder ? One of South Africa 's toughest prosecutors , Gerrie Nel , has been fighting for most of this month to prove it was . On Friday , one of the country 's shrewdest defense lawyers , Barry Roux , was scheduled to begin convincing a judge that it was n't . Now he will have to wait . The verdict will hinge on two questions : Did the Olympic sprinter know his girlfriend was behind the door in the bathroom of his house when he fired four hollow-point bullets through it in the middle of the night ? And if he did not -- if he thought she was a burglar , as he insists -- did he act as a reasonable person would have ? Critical testimony will come from the only living person who was in the house at the time , the "  Blade Runner " himself . Pistorius was expected to take the stand for the first time Friday to give his side of a story he 's been telling for more than a year . He woke up in the middle of the night , went to his balcony to bring in a fan -- or two fans , in his most recent version -- heard his bathroom window opening , took his gun , went to the bathroom and fired through the door when he heard a noise in the toilet . "  It was pitch dark in the bedroom , and I thought Reeva was in bed , " he testified when he applied for bail in the days after the killing . In that version of the story , Pistorius emphasized that he "  felt a sense of terror " when he heard the noise , that he "  felt extremely vulnerable " because he was not wearing his prosthetic legs , and that he "  has been a victim of violence and of burglaries before . " And , he said , "  We were deeply in love and I could not be happier . " If Judge Thokozile Matilda Masipa believes that story , Pistorius could be acquitted of murder . She could find him guilty of the lesser charge of culpable homicide -- similar to what would be called manslaughter in the United States -- or find him not guilty at all . The defense is likely to rely on three types of experts to support Pistorius ' story : Ballistics Pistorius fired four shots . Three hit Steenkamp : one in the hip , one in the arm and one in the head . The shot to the head probably killed her almost instantly . But when did that shot hit her ? The prosecution says it hit her last . That means she would have been able to scream between shots -- potentially giving Pistorius a moment to realize his mistake and stop shooting . Defense lawyer Barry Roux rejected the prosecution 's order of shots , though , in a heated exchange with police Capt. Christian Mangena , the prosecution ballistics expert . Roux said the defense ballistics expert would show that the order of shots was different , and that Pistorius fired the four shots in two quick bursts -- two "  double taps . " Mangena said it was "  impossible " for the pattern of wounds on the body to be the result of two double taps , ultimately leaving Roux sighing dismissively and promising that his own ballistics expert would explain . Pathology Oscar Pistorius threw up repeatedly as Gert Saayman , who performed the autopsy on Steenkamp , described the devastating wounds Pistorius inflicted on her . But as gruesome as the testimony was , it is not critical to the state 's case -- there 's no doubt , after all , who killed Steenkamp or how . The most damning thing Saayman said was far less dramatic . Based on the contents of her stomach , the pathologist suggested that Steenkamp had probably eaten around 1 a.m. , about two hours before she died . That 's a direct contradiction of Pistorius ' story that they were in the bedroom by about 10 p.m. , her doing yoga and him watching television , and that they went to sleep after she finished her yoga . Roux hammered Saayman on the question of when Steenkamp last ate , going so far as to bring in academic articles for the pathologist to read , a clear sign that the defense considers it crucial to rebut that point . Saayman did not budge . A pathologist who attended the autopsy on behalf of Pistorius , Reggie Perumal , is due to testify for the defense . A police cell phone expert also may have found a similar inconsistency with Pistorius ' timeline . Capt. Francois Moller , who downloaded the contents of Pistorius ' iPhone , said it made an Internet connection for about five minutes an hour and 20 minutes before the shooting . The defense may put forward an expert of their own to explain . Psychiatry Pistorius needs the judge to believe not only that there is a chance he made a genuine mistake in thinking Steenkamp was a burglar , but that his response was reasonable . Sean Rens , a gun dealer who was selling a small arsenal to Pistorius at the time of the killing , testified that the athlete had passed a test showing he knew what the law said about firing in self-defense . On the face of it , what Pistorius did in firing through a closed door , when he could not see an imminent threat , was neither legal nor safe , the Rens testimony suggested . But a psychiatrist may argue that Pistorius should be judged by a different standard of reasonableness because he is a double amputee who was not wearing his prosthetics at the time . His statement at his bail hearing implied that he should : "  As I did not have my prosthetic legs on and felt extremely vulnerable , I knew I had to protect Reeva and myself . ... I felt trapped as my bedroom door was locked and I have limited mobility on my stumps . " If the judge accepts that as true , Oscar Pistorius ' disability could prove to be his greatest defense .	The defense tries to convince a judge that Reeva Steenkamp 's death was n't murder Did Oscar Pistorius know his girlfriend was behind a door when he shot and killed her ? And if he did not , did he act as a reasonable person would have ? Experts in ballistics , pathology and psychiatry will try to support Pistorius ' story
CNN  -- The grandmother of a missing Maine toddler says no family members in the home the night the girl vanished had anything to do with her disappearance . "  I feel violated . Somebody came into my home and took my granddaughter who was sleeping , " Phoebe DiPietro said during her first television interview about Ayla Reynolds , the now 21-month-old toddler . Ayla disappeared December 17 . Police have said they believe foul play was involved . They also say the DiPietros have fully co-operated in the investigation . Sitting in her living room , steps away from Ayla 's bedroom , DiPietro said she heard nothing while she slept that night . She was n't the last one to go to bed that night and was n't sure whether the doors were locked . She and her son suspect the child was abducted . Update : Grandmother changes story "  I 'm sure that eventually they will be able to let us know how someone go into the house whether it was an unlocked window , an unlocked door , I do n't know , " DiPietro said . ` If I knew , it would n't have happened , " she added . Investigators have said there were several adults in the DiPietro home that night , including DiPietro and her 24-year-old son . Police wo n't identify the others , nor reveal much else . Neither will Phoebe DiPietro . She says detectives have asked her and her son not to divulge details of what happened that night to avoid possibly hindering the investigation . "  I can tell you there was not a party here at the house . Just beyond that , I ca n't answer any questions . " She says her son put Ayla to bed every night . DiPietro says it was her son Justin  Ayla 's father  who told her Ayla was missing . She would not say what time , where she was when she heard or elaborate . Police have said the little girl was put to bed about 8 that night and that her father reported her missing the next morning just before 9 . DiPietro revealed she told investigators about "  oddities " in the house after Ayla disappeared . She would not describe what they were . She added that she does n't think police want her to disclose that information . Ayla 's grandmother also said she allowed police to immediately search her house without a warrant , and that she and her son have undergone several interrogations . She says she answered all their questions and prepared several written statements of what happened that night at their request . The police had full access to the house for about three weeks from mid-December until the end of the month . DiPietro says police searched everywhere , fingerprint dust was all over the place . They left her a list of what was removed , including laptop computers and cell phones that belonged to her and her son . The phones and computers have now been returned . Ayla 's room , she says , has been turned upside down by investigators searching for clues . Maine State Police took the lead in the investigation , at the request of the Waterville police , because they now consider it a criminal investigation based "  on evidence gathered by investigators . " The FBI and Maine Warden Service are also involved in the case . Ayla was last seen wearing pajamas that said "  Daddy 's Princess . " DiPietro says she believes investigators are doing all they can to find Ayla . She also discounted claims by Ayla 's mother that Justin DiPietro may have abused or mistreated his daughter . The toddler 's parents do n't live together . Ayla 's mother previously has been in rehab . Ayla had been wearing a soft sling on her left arm . Her grandmother says Ayla 's arm was injured during an accidental fall . At the time , she says her son was coming home with Ayla . DiPietro says she heard a thud at the back door . It was dark at the time , and she says her son had slipped on the stairs outside the side door and fell with Ayla in his arms . DiPietro ran to help them both . The youngster was crying but did n't immediately appear injured . The next morning , one of her hands swelled and she was taken to an emergency room for treatment . She says her son would never harm Ayla . "  Justin is a great dad . He truly , truly is . And I know he loves Ayla , " his mother said . Ayla 's grandmother gently stroked a sparkly red dress with a sales tag still hanging on it . it was supposed to be a Christmas present for Ayla . Tears rolled down her cheek . "  I 'd give everything I owned if we can have her back . "	Ayla Reynolds disappeared on December 17 The grandmother notices "  oddities " in the house after toddler disappeared "  There was no party at the house , " grandmother says
CNN  -- Inter Milan kept their Serie A title hopes alive as striker Giampaolo Pazzini scored twice on his debut to help them recover from a two-goal deficit to beat Palermo 3-2 at the San Siro . The Italian champions signed Pazzini on a four-and-a-half year contract from Sampdoria for $ 16m earlier in the week -- and he repaid that faith straight away with a match-winning second-half performance to delight the home crowd . But two minutes later it was Palermo who went in front as Mattia Cassani skipped around Davide Santon and crossed for Miccoli to tap home from close range . The Sicilian visitors started brightly and took a fifth minute lead when Fabrizio Miccoli tapped home Mattia Cassani 's cross . And Palermo doubled their lead nine minutes from half time when Antonio Nocerino turned defender Maicon before beating goalkeeper Julio Cesar at his near post . The match could have been all over before the break when Javier Pastore struck the post with a fierce drive . Inter coach Leonardo introduced Pazzini as a second half substitute and he made an instant impression , holding off his marker to convert a chipped pass from fellow-debutant Houssine Kharja in the 57th minute . Palermo then wasted a glorious opportunity to double their lead again , but Pastore 's penalty kick , given after Thiago Motta had fouled Pajtim Kasami , was turned onto the post by Cesar . The home side made Palermo pay for that missed opportunity , levelling in the 73rd minute when Pazzini headed home Maicon 's free-kick at the near post . And the turnaround was complete just three minutes later when Samuel Eto'o scored from the penalty spot after Ezequiel Munoz had fouled Pazzini . "  I never imagined having a day like this , it really was a dream to play with so many great players , " Pazzini told Italian TV station SkySport . The result means Inter remain in the title race , although they trail leaders and city rivals Milan by nine points , they do have a vital game in hand . Milan won 2-0 at Catania on Saturday evening thanks to goals from Robinho and Zlatan Ibrahimovic . However , they had to do it the hard way after having Dutch midfielder Mark Van Bommel sent off on his debut following two bookable offences . Milan are four points clear of second-placed Napoli , who crushed Sampdoria 4-0 on Sunday aided by a hat-trick from Uruguayan Edinson Cavani -- the division 's top scorer with 19 goals . Lazio lie third , a further three points adrift , after their 2-0 defeat of Fiorentina on Saturday , courtesy of two Libor Kozak goals , while Inter and Roma share fourth position . Meanwhile , in Sunday 's late match , the pressure has increased on Juventus coach Luigi Del Neri after his side slumped to a 2-1 home defeat against Udinese -- their fourth loss in seven games in 2011 . Goals from South Americans Christian Zapata and Alexis Sanchez sealed the three points for the visitors , who are now up to sixth in the table with Juve one point behind them in seventh position . There were two matches played in Germany 's Bundesliga on Sunday and both ended up in 1-0 wins for the visiting sides . Freiburg secured victory at struggling Stuttgart thanks to Johannes Flum 's first-half goal , while Igor de Camargo 's late strike was enough to give bottom side Moenchengladbach a narrow win at Eintracht Frankfurt . Moenchengladbach and Stuttgart are now level on 16 pouints at the foot of the table , while Freiburg moved up to sixth place following their success .	Giampaolo Pazzini scores twice for Inter Milan on his debut for the club The Italian striker helps Inter recover from a two-goal deficit to defeat Palermo 3-2 AC Milan remain four points clear at the top after their 2-0 win at Catania on Saturday Napoli still second after thrashing Sampdoria 4-0 thanks to Edinson Cavani 's treble
Ezequiel Mora 's voice trembled as he revealed the news . Investigators used DNA testing from a bone fragment to confirm that they 'd found his 19-year-old son 's remains in a plastic bag , he told CNN en Español . "  They gave me the news that my son is now ... he is now dead , " Mora said . Alexander Mora Venancio , the youngest of eight siblings , was one of 43 students from a rural teacher 's college in Mexico 's Guerrero state who went missing on September 26 . Authorities have said they believe the students ' remains were burned at a landfill , then placed inside plastic bags and thrown into a river . But so far , Alexander Mora 's remains are the only ones that have been identified . For weeks , his family has been pushing for answers about the students ' whereabouts . Alexander 's friends from school have donated money to help them as they wait for a response , his father told CNNMexico . "  Everyone comes and gives me their support ... but now no one is going to return him to me , " he said . Federal authorities say they heard confessions from drug traffickers indicating that the college students were rounded up on the orders of a local mayor and then delivered to the drug gang to be murdered . Mounting fury over government officials ' response to -- and possible role in -- the students ' disappearance has fueled demonstrations across the country . At a protest in Mexico City on Saturday night , a group of parents said the search for the rest of the group is not over , despite the announcement . "  My son , wherever you are , I 'll keep looking for you , even if my heart is breaking by the news , " one father said . Felipe de la Cruz , a spokesman for the students ' families , said they received confirmation of Alexander Mora 's death Friday from Argentine forensic experts who are working on behalf of the families . But he said the families still believe the remaining students are alive . "  If these murderers think that with a DNA match of one of our boys , we are going to stop and cry , we want to tell them that they have been mistaken , that after today , this day of action will continue until we find the remaining 42 alive , " he said . At a news conference Sunday , Mexican Attorney General Jesús Murillo Karam confirmed that Alexander Mora 's remains had been found . He showed images of the garbage dump and the river , read from a detailed DNA analysis from scientists at Austria 's Innsbruck University and vowed that the investigation would keep going . "  Based on my own conviction and the orders of the President , we 're going to continue with this investigation until we detain all the culprits , " Murillo said . So far , 44 police officers have been arrested inthe case , and authorities are searching for 16 others , he said . Authorities have accused Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca of being the "  probable mastermind " in the students ' disappearance . He 's been charged with six counts of aggravated homicide and one count of attempted homicide and is now being held in a federal prison , authorities said . In all , at least 80 people have been arrested in the disappearances and the deaths , and the governor of Guerrero has taken a leave of absence amid scorching criticism that he responded too slowly to what 's been called one of the most serious human rights abuses in recent Latin American history . Families of the missing students have said for weeks that they do n't accept the official version and demand proof of what happened . This weekend , Alexander Mora 's cousin told CNN en Español that she was unconvinced by the DNA match . "  I do n't believe he 's dead , " she said . "  What about the rest of them ? I feel like they 're just deceiving us . " Crying for justice , clinging to hope Top local cop arrested in case	"  Now no one is going to return him to me , " father says Mexico 's attorney general confirms that a missing student 's remains were identified Alexander Mora Venancio , 19 , is one of 43 students who went missing in September Authorities say they were kidnapped and killed on orders of the local mayor
CNN  -- The "  League of Nations " might sound like the next Hollywood blockbuster , but UEFA 's latest plan to revolutionize international football caused nothing but confusion when it was announced Thursday . The game 's European governing body has stepped up its attempt to bring more prestige to friendly games , creating more opportunities for countries to qualify for the 2020 European Championship finals and the 2022 World Cup in Qatar . But it has left journalists and fans bamboozled , with nobody seemingly able to explain just quite how the tournament will work -- even UEFA admits the format "  has not been finalized . " Instead , social media was awash with doubts and more questions than answers over the new system , which was given the go-ahead at the UEFA Congress in Astana , Kazakhstan . Set to commence in September 2018 , the competition will involve all 54 member nations , with four divisions of 12-14 teams divided into four smaller pools . The top-ranked teams will be in the first division , and the lowest-ranked in the last . The winner of each mini-pool will then meet at a neutral venue in June 2019 , and the overall division winner automatically qualifies for the Euro 2020 finals . It would mean that one of the weaker nations from Division D would be guaranteed a place at the tournament . The remaining 20 qualification places for Euro 2020 will be decided through the usual qualifying process , with games played from 2019 , possibly going on as late as March 2020 . There is the possibility that a team may reach the League of Nations playoff final having already made it through to either the World Cup or European Championship finals . In that case , the place would be allocated to the country finishing immediately below in that division . It is also thought that two of Europe 's 13 qualifying places for the 2022 World Cup may also be decided via the top two divisions of the Nations League . While fans across the world wrestled with a potentially exciting concept bereft of any definite detail , UEFA recognized the new venture as a "  big step for national teams in Europe . " "  We accept and respect that all UEFA member associations have agreed to create a new competition , " Wolfgang Niersbach , chairman of UEFA 's national teams competition committee , said in a statement . "  This is a big step for national teams in Europe and we hope that fans will support the new format . " The idea has been warmly welcomed by some , including the English Football Association . "  The prospect of England playing three or four teams from the best 12 or 16 countries in Europe on a home and away basis should be very exciting , " FA general secretary Alex Horne told his organization 's website . "  It means we will go from a major tournament such as a World Cup straight into a set of three international double-headers between September and November that will really mean something . "  There will be the threat of relegation too , so there will really be something at stake . " The European Club Association , which represents the 214 teams from across the continent , believes the move is a positive one . "  A positive aspect of this new concept is that our players will no longer have to travel around the world for friendly matches , " ECA Chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said . "  I am not worried about the Champions League ; it is a prime product and the Europa League as well will continue to flourish . " But there are concerns from FIFPro , the world players ' union , which believes the new format may place too much strain on players . Leading nations have often used friendly games to blood new talent , work on new tactics and give an opportunity to players to stake their claim for a regular starting place at major tournaments , with multiple substitutions taking place throughout contests . That may now change , according to FIFPro Director of Player Services Tijs Tummers . "  As we understand , the Nations League will be another prestigious competition , " he told FIFPro 's website . "  As a consequence , that implies an increase in the workload for the group of top players . "	UEFA has introduced the Nations League competition Competition will replace most international friendlies from 2018 Allows opportunity to qualify for European Championship and World Cup finals 54 nations to be divided into four groups based on coefficients
It 's been a long old road to recovery for U.S. skiing star Lindsey Vonn . The Olympic gold medal winner and four time overall World Cup champion has been sidelined for much of the last two years after undergoing separate bouts of surgery on a recurring knee injury . A promising returning to action in late 2013 was cut short by a fall in training which meant she missed out on defending her downhill crown at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi . Now , after knuckling down in the gym and overcoming that bitter disappointment , the 30-year-old Vonn is finally set to return to competitive action . And opening up to CNN , she revealed her secret weapon as she fought to get back to the top of the slopes -- her boyfriend and golf star , Tiger Woods . "  Tiger and I both went through rehab with our injuries at a similar time , so we were both in the gym together and pushing each other and motivating each other , both frustrated , " Vonn said . "  I think we both helped each other a lot through that time , and I drew a lot of inspiration from him and I think he does the same with me . "  We continue to push each other and it 's a really positive relationship in that way . " Woods ' own injury problems began after a promising start to 2014 . The 14-time major champion regained the World No 1 . spot in March but was unable to recapture the form that took him there after undergoing back surgery shortly afterwards . A poor summer meant Woods dropped out of contention for a place in the U.S. 's ill-fated Ryder Cup team . Given his high profile and status within the golfing community , much of the media attention in the run up to the Ryder Cup focused on Woods ' absence . Being a star that transcends her own sport in a similar manner , Vonn can empathize as to the added pressure that the unflinching glare of the spotlight can bring . "  For us , we 're just two athletes trying to do the best we can in our sports , " she said . "  There 's other stuff that goes along with it for both of us , there 's media and stuff like that . " Vonn recently criticized a satirical article published in the Golf Digest magazine that poked fun at Woods . She said she was proud of her boyfriend for taking a stand in criticizing the piece and described much of the reaction surrounding his response as "  completely ridiculous " in quotes carried by USA Today . Vonn is more laid back discussing media relations today . Although not directly referring to that incident in particular , she said the attention is "  all part of sports and part of being a successful athlete . We both understand that and take it in our stride . " A chipper Vonn even revealed the celebrity pair are intensively competitive with one another . Responding to a question on whether her golf is better than Tiger 's skiing , Vonn said that was perhaps too difficult to say . "  It 's tricky -- I have a hole in one . But he 's a pretty good skier . " "  We 're highly competitive . We 're competing at every single thing that we can . And unfortunately he holds the record in ping-pong . "  I have only one victory to I do n't know how many hundreds he has . " "  He 's pretty much better than me at everything , except skiing , so unfortunately he 's the winner of the two of us . "	Lindsey Vonn reveals boyfriend Tiger Woods has helped her through injury rehab Four-time World Champion has missed much of the last two ski seasons due to serious knee injuries Vonn will make return to competitive skiing action in coming weeks
CNN  -- You ca n't get much more "  inside baseball " than this : the story of how statisticians trump scouts when it comes to putting together a winning team . But thanks to a great script by Steve Zaillian and Aaron Sorkin , a quietly compelling performance from Brad Pitt and shrewd direction by Bennett Miller  "  Capote "  , "  Moneyball " should appeal to audiences well beyond sports fans . It 's one of the classiest movies of the year and a strong bet for a ribbon of Oscar nominations . Michael Lewis ' book chronicled the 2002 season of the Oakland As , when general manager Billy Beane infuriated conventional wisdom by applying "  sabermetrics " to squad selection . Because the Athletics could n't compete with wealthier teams for the big hitters , he looked to a different set of criteria , and especially at on-base percentages . It did n't have to be pretty . If the As walked their way to the World Series , that would be just fine . There 's a conventional revenge-of-the-underdogs scenario lurking beneath the surface : something like "  Major League " and "  The Bad News Bears . " There 's the catcher who is drafted in to play first base  Chris Pratt as Scott Hatteberg  , the pitcher with the wacky arm  Casey Bond as Chad Bradford  and the star who spends too much time partying in Vegas  Nick Porrazzo as Jeremy Giambi  . Mostly , though , "  Moneyball " ignores the clichÃ © s by keeping the focus off the field and on Beane and his new statistics guru Pete Brand  Jonah Hill  . They make a great odd couple , and because the roles have been cast so well , Miller does n't need to labor the point . Pitt is the ex-golden boy grown restive with a game he feels he ca n't win . Hill 's an overweight computer geek straight out of Yale , the only guy wearing a suit to work . Naturally authoritative and at ease with himself -- except when a game 's on  he ca n't bring himself to watch but ca n't resist checking in every other minute  -- Beane takes this awkward , earnest kid under his arm and shows him the ropes : how to cut players , how to trade . It 's an unsentimental education for Pete and for us , too , as unexpectedly entertaining as the entrepreneurial maneuvers in "  The Social Network . " This is the everyday business of baseball , a side we might read about but rarely see for ourselves . The movie falls into a more familiar groove when the As season turns , and there is n't much Miller or anyone else can do to make short flashbacks to Billy 's playing days anything other than functional . But the writing is always sharp and smart , it 's lovingly photographed and delicately scored  by Wally Pfister and Mychael Danna , respectively  . Yet it 's Pitt 's movie . Whether he 's brooding in the dark as the As lose again , having it out with the team 's recalcitrant coach  Philip Seymour Hoffman in a thankless role  and angry head scout  Vyto Ruginis  , or trying to reassure his precocious 12-year-old  Kerris Dorsey  that his head is n't really on the block , Pitt has a watchful , introspective quality that makes "  Moneyball " more than the sum of its statistical components . It 's a fascinating portrait of a man who 's given his life to baseball and is trying to figure out if it 's worth it . The movie itself is not a game changer by any means , but it 's more than good enough to make you think again about what success adds up to in the long run .	"  Moneyball " is a fascinating portrait of a man who gives his life to baseball The writing is always sharp and smart Brad Pitt has a watchful , introspective quality
CNN  -- The announced pregnancy of Jamie Lynn Spears -- the 16-year-old children 's television star and younger sister of beleaguered pop star Britney Spears -- is casting new light on how states deal with the thorny issue of consensual sex among teens . Jamie Lynn Spears , shown in September , stars in the popular Nickelodeon series "  Zoey 101 . " Spears , the star of Nickelodeon 's "  Zoey 101 , " told OK! Magazine that she 's pregnant and that the father is her 18-year-old boyfriend . There has been no public talk of criminal prosecution in the case . Consensual sex between the two may well have been legal , depending on where and when it took place . But critics of the nation 's statutory rape laws say that laws that are ignored in some cases can be used to put other teens in prison and land them on sex-offender registries . Watch CNN 's Sunny Hostin on what the law says " "  You have a disturbing disparity in how these laws are enforced , " said Jonathan Turley , a law professor at George Washington University . "  I have no problem at all with nailing adults who sleep with children , but I have a problem with the prosecution of teenagers in consensual relationships . "  What this case should focus the nation on is having a more evenhanded approach to these cases . " Watch a psychologist talk about how Spears ' pregnancy could lead to parents talking to their kids about sex " In Louisiana , where Spears lives , it is a misdemeanor for someone age 17 to 19 to have consensual sex with someone age 15 to 17 if the difference between their ages is more than two years . In California , where she sometimes tapes her television show , it 's a misdemeanor to have sex with someone younger than 18 if the offender is less than three years older . Someone more than three years older could be charged with a felony . According to OK! Magazine , which first reported the news Tuesday , Spears said the father of her baby is longtime boyfriend Casey Aldridge . Turley said most states have similar laws but rely on prosecutors to be selective in enforcing them . But that 's a recipe for legal problems , he said . The issue drew international attention when a Georgia teen was sentenced to 10 years in prison for having consensual oral sex with a 15-year-old girl when he was 17 . In 2005 , Genarlow Wilson was tried for the rape of a 17-year-old girl at a hotel-room party . While he was found not guilty of that charge , he was convicted of aggravated child molestation for the act with the 15-year-old -- even though he was less than two years older . Georgia law , which has since been changed , required a mandatory 10-year sentence on the charge of aggravated child molestation and required Wilson to register as a sex offender when he was released . Under the revised Georgia law , the act now would be a misdemeanor . Now 21 , Wilson was released from prison in October -- after serving more than two years -- when the state Supreme Court ruled his sentence was "  grossly disproportionate to his crime . " "  The current laws leave too much to prosecutorial discretion , " Turley said . "  We saw in the Wilson case how prosecutorial discretion can lead to grotesque results . " He said statutory rape prosecutions of teens are more common in Southern states and small towns than they are elsewhere in the country or in big cities . B.J. Bernstein , Wilson 's attorney , argued throughout his case that Wilson was imprisoned for an act that , while perhaps morally questionable , probably is going on among teens everywhere . "  If you prosecuted , even with misdemeanors , all those cases , you 'd clog up the justice system with kids having sex , " she said . "  It 's a social issue -- and it may be something that parents do n't want to happen or wish would n't happen at that age -- but it should n't be a crime . " Spears , who turned 16 on April 4 and says she is 12 weeks into her pregnancy , told the magazine she plans to raise her child in Louisiana , "  so it can have a normal family life . " Nickelodeon released a statement saying the network respects Spears ' decision "  to take responsibility in this sensitive and personal situation . " E-mail to a friend	Experts say there is a disparity in how statutory rape laws are applied Jamie Lynn Spears is 16 , and her boyfriend -- the father of her child -- is 18 There has been no talk of criminal prosecution involving the couple Experts : Attorneys choose when to prosecute , leading to unfairness
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It is news that will be greeted with despair and joy in equal measure in family homes across the globe -- Computer games might be good for children . According to scientists at Brunel University in West London , "  young people can experience huge benefits from participating in multi player online role playing games " . Children playing online games have their imaginations stimulated , not stunted . On the one hand , parents will be pleased to learn that their offspring are n't wasting their time as they sit boggle-eyed in front of a computer screen , and may actually be learning important life skills needed in adulthood . But on the other , it 's just another excuse for their children to spend hour upon hour locked away in their bedroom neglecting school studies and family duties . Still , there 's always the off switch . Dr Simon Bradford and Nic Crowe of Brunel University 's School of Sport and Education have just completed a three-year study of 13-16 year olds playing Runescape -- a massively popular online with over nine million members worldwide . The findings are in contrast to ongoing criticism that children are spending too much time indoors -- either voluntarily watching television and playing computer games or at the request of concerned parents afraid to let them play in the street or in parks , where they could be the victim or a perpetrator of crime . This so-called "  bedroom culture " is , it is often argued , creating a generation of monosyllabic , culturally illiterate group of youngsters who are ill-prepared for the impending roles and responsibilities of adulthood . Researchers have found that far from constricting young people 's imagination , Runescape and similar multiplayer virtual games enhance brain activity . They offer an opportunity to experiment with different identities such as gender , race or ability . Gamers can also benefit from opportunities that they may not have access to in the real world . "  Virtual environments , like Runescape , " says Nic Crowe , "  form important new leisure spaces for the many young people who occupy them . In the real world , where streets or town centers have become inaccessible to many young people or are considered risky by them or their parents , it is not surprising that virtual public space has become increasingly attractive as a leisure setting . " Runescape is one of the most popular multiplayer online role-playing games  MMORPG  and attracts all age groups , but is particularly popular with teenagers . Players can explore a virtual world which takes its inspiration from children 's fantasy games and books -- think Dungeons and Dragons and JRR Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings -- incorporating dungeons , vast landscapes , forests and towns , with monsters to slay , quests to complete and treasure to find . The Runescape website describes the game as "  an evolving world of remarkable depth and flexibility " . "  Our research " , says Nic Crowe , "  explored how Runescape 's appeal lay in the provision of an environment in which young people can experiment  symbolically  with the cultural institutions and structures of the material world -- a space in which young people can establish their presence , identity and meaning in ways that might not be accessible or permissible in their everyday lives . " Runescape is n't just about combat . If you do n't want to fight the monsters you can take on the role of a craftsman providing the tools of battle . Players can also trade goods and services and build up skills through interaction with other characters . The study revealed that many of the players were entrepreneurial , engaging in business deals online . Dr Simon Bradford says "  At a time when emerging technologies such as the Internet , and computer games in particular , continue to be subject to suspicion and concern , it is important that we also recognize the benefits of what is an increasingly popular and important activity for our young people . " The Brunel University research findings follow hot on the heels of claims by computer giant IBM that online games are helping to groom future business leaders . Multiplayer online games are teaching children the core skills which are required to lead a team . Online games like Runescape , World of Warcraft and Everquest allow players to join forces and work in closely-knit teams to achieve a goal that may take hours or sometimes weeks to complete . With the help of Stanford University , Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Seriosity  a company who specialize in computer work solutions  IBM 's research paper "  Virtual Worlds , Real Leaders " suggests that MMORPG 's can train leaders to deal with motivational , social and emotional needs of their team . "  If you want to see what business leadership may look like in three to five years , look at what is happening in online games , " says Byron Reeves , professor of communication at Stanford University . According to IBM , online games also give leaders the freedom to fail and to experiment with different approaches which , they say , is something that any Fortune 500 company that hopes to innovate needs to understand . E-mail to a friend	Three-year study of 13-16 year olds playing online game Runescape Virtual environments are important new leisure spaces for young people Online games give leaders the freedom to fail and to experiment
Delhi , India  CNN  -- The case against five men charged with the gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in Delhi has been moved to a fast-track court for trial , lawyers for the defendants said Friday . The case is scheduled to begin Monday , they said . A sixth suspect will be tried in a youth court if it is confirmed he is a minor . In the December 16 incident , passengers and the driver of a bus allegedly attacked the woman and her male companion , robbed them and dumped them by the side of the road . The badly beaten woman was flown to Singapore for treatment after the attack . She died about two weeks later while undergoing treatment . The five men are charged with murder , rape and kidnapping and face the death penalty if convicted . A juvenile court is determining the age of a sixth suspect , who has said he is 17 , too young to be tried as an adult . The government has pledged to strengthen laws against sexual assaults . The number of reported rapes in India -- a country where a cultural stigma keeps many victims from reporting the crime -- has increased from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 , according to official figures . Most women in India have stories of sexual harassment and abuse on public transportation or on the streets , said Seema Sirohi , of the Indian Council on Global Relations .	The case against five men is to begin Monday , lawyers for the defendants say A sixth alleged attacker may be tried in a youth court once his age is confirmed The 23-year-old victim died after being flown to Singapore for treatment
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court gave its blessing Wednesday to a federal law giving copyright protection to millions of international books , music and other artistic creations that had once been in the free-access "  public domain . " The 6-2 ruling is a setback for a coalition of groups that had sought to keep works by foreign artists easily available in the United States without payment of royalties . At issue was whether the Constitution 's "  Progress Clause " prohibited Congress from taking such works out of the public domain . A group of artists , film archivists , and educators sued after an international treaty signed by the United States restored copyright protection to thousands of once-royalty-free works originating in other countries . The plaintiffs made a free-speech argument , claiming the ruling would create an artistic vacuum , making a large body of songs and films out of their reach , if they had to pay fees . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , writing for the majority , downplayed such concerns . "  Neither congressional practice nor our decisions treat the public domain , in any and all cases , as untouchable by copyright legislation , " she said . Provisions in the law do "  not unconstitutionally abridge speech . " The plaintiffs were supported by the ACLU , Internet website giants like Google , and library groups . The big winners in the dispute are larger media and publishing companies , which hope this high court decision will now lead to greater reciprocal access to foreign markets for American books , music , films , television and other creative endeavors . Among the works in question were Pablo Picasso and M.C. Escher artwork , novels by Virginia Woolf and J.R.R. Tolkien , and music by Sergei Prokofiev , composer of "  Peter and the Wolf " -- which is frequently performed in community orchestras . One of the original key plaintiffs was American musician Richard Kapp . He had created derivative recordings based on several compositions of the classic Russian composer Dmitri Shostakovich , but was later prevented from releasing them . Kapp died in 2006 . "  Libraries and digital repositories are using new technologies to make our cultural commons more accessible than ever , but they need a robust and stable public domain to be able to do that crucial work , " said Julie Samuels , an attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , which filed a brief supporting Kapp and others . The federal provision "  has up-ended a basic tenet of copyright law : once a work enters the public domain , it stays in the public domain . " The 1994 law in question was designed to put the United States in compliance with global treaties on intellectual property -- the Berne Convention and the so-called Uruguay Round . The federal legislation created copyrights to foreign works that had not previously been covered . The U.S. Copyright Office told the high court that millions of works would now receive copyright restoration . Public domain works can be freely reproduced , performed , downloaded and shared . "  Congress determined that U.S. interests were best served by our full participation in the dominant system of international copyright protection , " said Ginsburg . Justices Stephen Breyer and Samuel Alito dissented . "  The  federal  statute has significant First Amendment costs , " wrote Breyer . " ... By withdrawing material from the public domain , the statute inhibits an important preexisting flow of information . " Justice Elena Kagan did not participate in the case . She recused herself after earlier being involved in defending the law while serving as solicitor general in the Justice Department just before joining the high court in 2010 . The case is Golan v. Holder  10-545  .	The ruling means royalties will have to be paid for some foreign works A coalition of groups had sued to keep the works in the free-access "  public domain " At issue are Pablo Picasso works , novels by J.R.R. Tolkien
For 15 years , Ashley Broadway has devoted her life to the military and to her spouse , an Army lieutenant colonel . The former schoolteacher found a new job and made new friends each time she had to relocate bases , including a move to South Korea . When a deployment to the Middle East separated the couple , Broadway took care of the couple 's young son , Carson , on her own . Now at Fort Bragg , North Carolina , and with a second child on the way , Broadway wanted to settle down and get to know more spouses like herself . So she applied for membership to the Association of Bragg Officers ' Spouses . "  I thought , ` Here 's a chance to make some close friends who would really understand me , ' " Broadway said . "  And I could get very active in events that help other families like mine . I was excited , really excited , to be a part of this group . " But the Bragg spouse club apparently did n't feel the same way . Broadway 's married to Lt. Col. Heather Mack . The officers ' spouse club did n't want her , she believes , because she 's gay . Shortly after Broadway applied , the club called her to say it had new membership rules . If she did n't have a military ID card , she could n't join . The couple is legally married -- reciting their vows during a November ceremony in Washington , D.C. , and signing a state marriage certificate . Broadway 's experience may reflect a struggle at the nation 's military bases to adapt culturally to the legal changes brought on by 2011 's repeal of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . Brass at Fort Bragg told CNN that they had no control over the spouse club because it 's not a military group , but a private one . Though gay people can now serve openly , the military does n't formally recognize same-sex marriage under the federal Defense of Marriage Act , a law passed in 1996 that denies many benefits to same-sex spouses . One of those benefits is military IDs . The cards are an essential part of military life , allowing holders to get on base , access child care or go to the commissary . Same-sex married couple sues federal government in DOMA case Members-only card "  The cards are also a big symbol , " Broadway recalled . "  So there I am listening to this person with this club tell me I ca n't join as I 'm struggling to get my 2-year-old out of the car and into the house . And I just kept hearing over and over , ` You do n't have an ID . You do n't have an ID . ' I was hearing it as , ` You are not equal . You are less . ' " Her voice breaks . "  I kept thinking that if these people just met me , they would like me , " she said , crying . When Broadway hung up , she grabbed a laundry basket and began furiously folding clothes in her bedroom . She texted a friend who is also gay , also married to a service member and was himself in the military years ago . "  How can anyone not in our position know how this feels ? " she asked . By that night , she was just plain angry . No way was she just going to go away quietly . Broadway posted an open letter to the club on the American Military Partner Association , the nation 's go-to support network for gay , lesbian and transgender military families . Another club rejection AMPA launched a petition not only for Broadway but also for other spouses who 've tried and were barred from joining similar clubs , including Tanisha Ward . Ward , who 's married to a female Airman 1st Class , asked to join The Little Rock Spouses ' Club near Little Rock Air Force Base in Jacksonville , Arkansas , in September . The club rejected Ward , she says , because she does n't have a military-issued ID . But the group appears to be rethinking its stance . Its website suggests the club might be considering new membership rules that a military ID card is not necessary to join , adding that no one should be blocked from membership because of sexual orientation . "  They 've told me they 're going to meet this month to decide , " Ward said . "  I hope they do the right thing . " But no luck for Broadway , whose name trended for weeks on Twitter . Her story is the talk in military circles , with Stars and Stripes writing about it and Fort Bragg 's community posting comments online . "  This is about more than a spouse who wants to get into a club , " says UCLA Law School 's Aaron Belkin , who helped write the repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " "  This is about the Defense of Marriage Act and all the inequalities that come with it . It 's about asking the question : Is the military really going to be serious about giving fair and equal treatment ? " Some of the other federal benefits that are available to married heterosexual couples but are denied to same-sex spouses include insurance and survivor 's benefits . Straight spouses are able to file joint tax returns . The U.S. Supreme Court will begin hearing arguments about the constitutionality of DOMA in March . Unexpected allies in marriage votes A spouse is a spouse That offers little comfort to Broadway and her supporters , such as Bianca Strzalkowski , the 2011 Military Spouse of the Year . Hundreds of thousands of military members voted to give Strzalkowski that title , singling her out for her community service , patriotism and time spent helping military families . She lives in North Carolina but has no affiliation with the spouse club that rejected Broadway . "  It really makes me ill to think this is happening at Fort Bragg , " she told CNN . "  It 's discrimination , plain and simple . " Strzalkowski is also the deputy membership director of Blue Star Families -- the largest military family support organization in the nation . A Blue Star column recently lambasted the spouse club for rejecting Broadway . "  Who would have thought a group whose sole existence is to help other military spouses and families would deny one of their own ? ... " military wife Molly Blake wrote . "  Ashley Broadway -- I do n't care if you are gay . I care that you are a dedicated military spouse who supports your soldier . I care that you want to be an example to other spouses and volunteer your time for the benefit of others . "  I care that you are willing to set up chairs and tables for fundraisers , bring new and innovative ways to raise money for our neediest military families , collate bid sheets , make brownies and raise your hand when the president needs a volunteer . " Strzalkowski 's Marine husband is preparing to ship out on his fifth deployment , this time to Afghanistan . "  We 've gone through 11 years of war , and we need to be supporting each other -- not treating each other like this , " she said . "  I do n't feel that this club at Fort Bragg represents who we are as spouses . " No help from Bragg brass CNN 's many attempts to get the club 's side of the story have been unsuccessful . Two women who confirmed that they belonged to the club chose not to comment . A December 12 letter on the club 's home page reads : "  In response to recent interest in the membership requirements of our organization we will review the issue at our next board meeting . " The letter does n't indicate when the meeting will be . In the wake of the controversy , the group 's website has password protected all its links . "  They 've locked themselves off to the world ! " says Strzalkowski . "  No one should be that high up on their pedestal . " Bragg brass says their power is limited . That 's because , according to Fort Bragg Garrison Commander Col. Jeffrey Sanborn , the club is a private group , not a military one . Sanborn declined an interview with CNN , but he e-mailed statements saying he explained that in person to Broadway and her wife . Officially , Sanborn has the power only to ensure "  all private organizations operating on Fort Bragg comply with Department of Defense and Army regulations and with U.S. laws . " And the spouse club 's bylaws , constitution and conduct do comply with DOD regulations . "  C'mon , really ? That 's a little disingenuous , " said UCLA 's Belkin . "  When you 're the commander at Fort Bragg , you are close to having godlike status in your community . " Sanborn could deny the club access to the base , Belkin said . "  He could tell service members not to participate . There are a lot of ways to send a signal that you disapprove . " At home this week , Broadway and Mack are busy around the house . Mack is days away from giving birth . Broadway talks as she heads home from a visit to the doctor . After all this , does Broadway still want to be part of the Association of Bragg Officers ' Spouses ? "  Honestly , I 'm torn , " she said . "  Each day that goes by , they are saying they do n't want me . I check my spam folder every day to make sure I have n't missed a message from them . "  I wonder if it would be best if I focus on a group who would value me . "	In North Carolina , Fort Bragg spouse club bars same-sex wife of a lieutenant colonel The club told Ashley Broadway that without a military ID card , she was ineligible to join Prominent voices in military circles have rallied behind Broadway "  It 's discrimination , " says an official with Blue Star Families , a national military family group
Tribune Media Services  -- The airline tickets Marianne Ellis buys for a family vacation to Tanzania are refundable with a change fee , but her online travel agent fails to tell her that the fee is about a quarter of the cost of the ticket . Now that she has to cancel , will she lose thousands of dollars ? Q : We recently bought five tickets for a family vacation in Tanzania through Cheapoair.com , an online travel agency . A few months later , we found out our daughter would be starting a new job and could n't make the trip with us . So we phoned Cheapoair to cancel our reservation . When we booked the tickets , a Cheapoair representative told us the tickets were nonrefundable and that if we canceled and used our credit to rebook another flight , we would have to pay a penalty . But I was never told how much the penalty would be . Cheapoair consulted with Northwest Airlines , which agreed to a full refund of all five tickets , which had cost us $ 2,271 each . Cheapoair then charged us $ 535 per ticket in cancellation fees . I asked the agency for a breakdown , and it said the fees represented $ 410 to Northwest , $ 75 to the consolidator and $ 50 to Cheapoair . A Cheapoair representative said that when you buy this type of fare and have to cancel , the penalty fees are enormous because the airlines want to recoup their lost revenue . We have accepted our responsibility in the cancellation , but think $ 535 per ticket is excessive . Can you help ? -- Marianne Ellis , Sacramento , California A : This could have turned out much worse . Your airline could have pocketed all of your money , and you would have been out of luck . Cheapoair sells what are known as "  consolidator " fares that are often less expensive than the tickets you buy through a traditional travel agent or by booking directly . The reason ? It works through a ticket wholesaler that buys tickets in bulk at a big discount . Then it marks up the ticket prices enough to make a profit while still undercutting other published fares . But that 's not all . Consolidator tickets typically come with more restrictions than the garden-variety nonrefundable tickets sold by airlines . While some can be canceled and re-used for a future purchase after paying a change fee , others are completely nonrefundable and non-changeable . Meaning that if you have second thoughts about your vacation , your ticket 's gone . I do n't understand why you would n't ask your online travel agent for details on the change fees -- particularly if your daughter is either contemplating a new job or looking for work . If there 's even a chance you 'll have to cancel your ticket , a consolidator fare is n't the way to go . You should have considered a ticket with more reasonable change fees  although "  reasonable " is relative -- Northwest charged a $ 150 fee for international reservations at the time you bought your tickets , which is excessive to a lot of people  . I also think the Cheapoair representative with whom you spoke should have warned you about the change fees before you bought the tickets . This might have also been avoided by booking the tickets online , where such terms would presumably be clearly disclosed , instead of calling Cheapoair . But not necessarily . I 've seen more than my share of confusing booking screens where important details are buried three screens under a hundred offers to rent a car or reserve a hotel room . I would n't have phoned the online agency after being asked to pay these cancellation fees . Instead , a quick e-mail to feedback@cheapoair.com may have yielded better results . Trust me on this : do n't call -- e-mail . I agree that $ 535 in cancellation charges is a little rich , so I contacted Cheapoair on your behalf . I heard back from Sneharthi Roy , the company 's senior vice president of operations , who verified that this was a consolidator fare and that the fees were in line with what the company charges . Still , Cheapoair asked its consolidator to waive the fees on your behalf . And it did . You 've received a full refund -- a total of $ 11,355 -- from Cheapoair . Christopher Elliott is the ombudsman for National Geographic Traveler magazine . E-mail him at celliott@ngs.org . Copyright 2009 CHRISTOPHER ELLIOTT , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Customer purchased nonrefundable airline tickets through Cheapoair The agent told the customer a penalty would be charged for cancellation The penalty came to $ 535 per ticket , which the customer considered excessive Fees were in line with company policy , but the company agreed to a full refund
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Pregnant women in Peru are dying at scandalous rates , according to the author of an Amnesty International report into maternal mortality in the South American country . The report , "  Fatal Flaws : Barriers to Maternal Health in Peru " found that hundreds of poor , rural and indigenous pregnant women are dying because they are being denied the same health services as other women in the country . It also concluded that the government 's response to tackling the problem was inadequate . Peruvian government figures state 185 in every 100,000 women die in childbirth , but the United Nations says the number is much higher , 240 per 100,000 , which makes it one of the highest rates of maternal mortality in the Americas . In wealthy developed nations , only nine women die for every 100,000 births . The five main causes of pregnancy-related deaths in Peru are hemorrhage , pre-eclampsia , infection , complications following abortion and obstructed birth , according to Peru 's Ministry of Health figures . Amnesty 's Peru researcher Nuria Garcia said , in a written statement : "  The rates of maternal mortality in Peru are scandalous . The fact that so many women are dying from preventable causes is a human rights violation . "  The Peruvian state is simply ignoring its obligation to provide adequate maternal health care to all women , regardless of who they are and where they live . " Garcia added : "  Health services for pregnant women in Peru are like a lottery : If you are poor and indigenous , the chances are you will always lose . " The report said pregnant women in Peru die because they lack access to emergency obstetric care , to information on maternal health , and to health staff members who can speak Indigenous languages such as Quechua -- a native Andean language spoken by some 5 million people in Peru . According to the report , 27 percent of deaths of women from pregnancy-related causes occurred during pregnancy ; 26 percent occurred during the birth itself ; and 46 percent during the first six weeks after giving birth . A 2007 Census of Indigenous People showed that 60 percent did not have access to a health facility , said Amnesty International . The Amnesty International report notes that the Peruvian government has instituted policies aimed at reducing the rates of maternal mortality , such as increasing maternal waiting houses -- rooms where pregnant women who live far from health centers can stay . Other measures include more training for health staff members on the vertical birth method common among indigenous women and teaching the Quiche language to health professionals , Amnesty International said . But the human rights group said Peruvian women and health professionals have complained that the measures are not being implemented effectively . For example , the rights group said , even though the number of waiting houses has increased more than threefold in the past eight years , only half of them are in rural areas . The agency also contends that training for health professionals on the vertical birth method is not sufficiently widespread . According to Peru 's Human Rights ombudsperson , more than 45 percent of health staff last year said they had not received appropriate training , Amnesty International said . "  Official initiatives to reduce maternal mortality are good news , " Garcia said . "  However , lack of clear responsibilities for implementing them and the absence of effective resourcing and monitoring puts any initiative in great jeopardy . " Though Peru 's rate of maternal deaths is high , it pales in comparison to sub-Saharan Africa , which has about 900 deaths for each 100,000 births , the United Nations says . For Africa as a whole , the number is 820 . The highest rates were in Sierra Leone , with 2,000 , and Afghanistan , with 1,900 . Latin America and the Caribbean average 130 deaths per 100,000 births , the United Nations says , with the lowest rates in Chile , Costa Rica and Cuba . Worldwide , there were an average of 400 deaths for each 100,000 births in the year 2000 , the United Nations says . The lowest rates were in Iceland , with zero , and Austria , with four per 100,000 births . The United States had 11 deaths per 100,000 births in 2005 , the United Nations says . CNN 's Stephanie Busari contributed to this report .	Amnesty 's Peru researcher : Maternal rates in Peru for poor are "  scandalous " Researcher : Services like "  lottery , " for poor and "  chances are you will always lose " Maternal mortality rate one of the highest in the Americas Report : Peru has made positive changes , but more help needed in rural areas
Miami  CNN  -- It sounded like a good deal : Get a Cuban birth certificate and stay in the United States , worry-free . But federal authorities say the birth certificates were n't legitimate , and the undocumented immigrants trying to get them were n't Cuban . Now a federal judge in Florida has sentenced several people for conspiring to commit immigration fraud . The defendants , authorities say , made more than half a million dollars selling forged Cuban birth certificates to undocumented immigrants and helping them fill out fraudulent U.S. immigration forms . Their aim , investigators said , was to exploit a U.S. law that allows Cuban immigrants to apply for permanent residence if they 've been in the United States for more than a year . Authorities arrested Nelson Daniel Silvestri Soutto , Laura Maria Ponce Santos , Amelia Osorio and Fidel Morejon Vega last year . Court documents show that all four have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit immigration fraud . New immigration rules help undocumented families Court documents provide details about a type of scam that 's becoming increasingly common , immigration lawyers say . In one conversation with a confidential informant recorded by investigators , Morejon demanded thousands of dollars in payment for Cuban birth certificates and provided advice about how to answer questions from immigration authorities who might ask why he has a Mexican accent . " ` Uh , because I work with a lot of Mexicans and I caught it  the accent  ... ' " period , " Morejon said , according to a transcript of the conversation filed in federal court . "  You are Cuban ... from today on ... 3:25 in the afternoon you are entering the United States and you are Cuban . " Morejon advised the informant and an undercover officer not to make conversation with officials , and to tell them they arrived "  in a raft , " according to the transcript . Investigators describe Morejon as the scheme 's ringleader , accusing him of recruiting the others and paying them referral fees for each undocumented immigrant who purchased his services . Opinion : Solve immigration without a quick path to citizenship He "  met with numerous illegal aliens and told them that he could assist them in obtaining their residency in the United States by pretending to be Cuban , " according to a court document filed along with Morejon 's guilty plea agreement last year . "  To effectuate the fraud , Morejon posed as an immigration officer to impress the illegal aliens  and  also threatened some of the illegal aliens with deportation , " the document said . The day authorities arrested him , they found blank Cuban birth certificates and altered naturalization certificates in his Florida home , federal prosecutors said in a memo filed this month . In addition to selling fake Cuban birth certificates , Morejon also sold fraudulent presidential pardons , prosecutors said . Morejon , of Kissimmee , Florida , is scheduled to be sentenced later this month . Prosecutors have asked the judge to sentence him to more than three years in prison . "  The full extent of Morejon 's fraud remains unknown as his former customers continue to be identified by the government , " prosecutors said . "  The one conclusion that must be drawn from all the facts is that Morejon devoted his life , over a period of more than three and a half years , to extracting as much money as possible from his customers and obtaining that money by whatever means necessary . " U.S. District Judge Cecilia M. Altonaga sentenced Ponce earlier this month to six months in prison , two years on parole and nine months under house arrest . Osorio was sentenced Thursday to four months in prison , two years of parole and 11 months under house arrest . And Silvestri was sentenced to a year in prison , three years on parole and nine months under house arrest . Morejon pleaded guilty "  and acknowledged he was the organizer , " said Hugo Rodriguez , an attorney representing Morejon . That means he 'll likely receive a higher sentence , Rodriguez said . Attorney Richard Serafini , who represents Osorio , declined to comment but referred to a memo he filed in court earlier this month , arguing for a lower sentence . The memo argues that Osorio , 61 , paid Morejon thousands of dollars for a fraudulent presidential pardon for her son , who had been convicted of a federal drug offense . She became involved in the conspiracy "  through her efforts to help her son " and her criminal conduct was an "  extreme aberration , " Serafini wrote . "  Her background is one of hard work , dedication to her family and , until this episode , law-abiding , " the memo said . Attorneys for Ponce and Silvestri did not respond to requests for comment . This type of scam has been happening in Florida for years but appears to be on the rise , immigration attorney Wilfredo Allen said . There are consequences beyond this particular case , according to Maite Hoyos , an immigration attorney in Miami . More and more , she said , authorities are asking her Cuban clients to prove the validity of their birth certificates -- something , she says , that suggests that this type of fraud is on investigators ' radar . Adriana Hauser reported from Miami . Catherine E. Shoichet wrote the story in Atlanta .	Prosecutors : Scammers made $ 500,000 selling fake Cuban birth certificates The scheme aimed to use a U.S. law that allows Cubans to apply for residency "  You are Cuban from today on , " the plot 's alleged ringleader tells one client
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- There are five days left until the opening day of the biggest sporting event India has ever put on . While there is a furious push to finish dozens of projects around the city to try to make it sparkle for the upcoming Commonwealth Games the plight of the smallest and poorest citizens of India go wholly ignored . Impoverished children are crawling all over many of the Commonwealth Games related construction sites . Some sit inches away from speeding cars on mounds of dirt , others walk under massive machinery , and some pick up the tools and bricks around them as their parent work a full day . "  This is happening all the time and people just turn a blind eye , " said Save the Children Advocacy Director in India Shireen Miller . Miller says by law the children should not be on construction sites , while they are not normally paid by the contractors , the older children often end up doing work for free just to help their parents . "  It should n't be happening . Children should not be there unprotected , unsafe and working . " The contractors are supposed to create a safe place for the children near the sites . Child advocates say that rarely happens . Instead mother 's hold small babies on their hips while carrying loads of dirt on the their heads , or they put them down on the site surrounded by the dust and danger construction can pose . "  Where can I leave them ? mother Lal kumar said with her toddler on her hip . "  I bring them wherever I go . " The workers are normally from the poorest and most desperate parts of India . A subcontractor shows up in their villages and offers work in big cities like New Delhi . There is no work in their villages , so the entire family moves from place to place to sustain themselves . "  If there is poverty then the kids come themselves , if there is poverty then what else can we do . There is nothing in our village , so because of poverty , we 're here . " Kuwar said . She has two young children who on this day were playing in the dirt and with the tools as cars buzz by and Kuwar plowed into the ground with a shovel . The scene is repeated on construction sites throughout the city , and by no means is this just on sites related to the Commonwealth Games . You see children playing , sleeping or sitting on everything from road construction sites to private home construction . When the child is old enough like 11-year-old Jitender you sometimes see them doing the work . We ask Jitender if he is being paid to pick up bricks on a huge construction area along side a busy New Delhi highway . "  No . " He said , "  I do n't work here but I help my mother . " And in so doing the contractor gets free labor , the parents get a helping hand , and the child has something to do . But child advocates say this is one step toward child labor continues a cycle of poverty and is simply dangerous for children . "  What you see at constructions sites , all kinds of hazardous materials , " activist and urban planner Dunu Roy said . "  We do n't see too much of deaths but -LSB- we see -RSB- injuries , cuts and certain amounts of a disease like dengue -LSB- and -RSB- stomach borne infections . " However there are people trying to do something about the dangerous and illegal position children are being forced into . For decades an Indian organization called "  Mobile Creche " has been convincing contractors to let them set up day care facilities for children on the construction sites . "  I would have kept them with me at work but it is not allowed . Now they have also started go to the school , " a mother of four told CNN back in 2008 as she nursed her baby before heading back into Nehru Stadium to continuing laying bricks . Yet as a whole the police , government officials , and everyday citizens pass by the construction sites everyday and do nothing . Suraj Singh , a subcontractor on one site with a half dozen children on it told CNN , "  This is just how it is for the poor . What safety can there be for the poor ? Tell us ? There is no safety for the poor . This is life . These people do n't have the money to leave their kids at home with servants , and work here . " Singh 's reaction may seem callous but is too often true . Billions have been spent on beautifying the city because of the games . As it turns out the games have also exposed the world to one of India 's ugly problems .	India is rushing to get ready for the Commonwealth Games Games construction highlights one of India 's problems Children of the poor swarm over construction sites
CNN  -- Stepping on stage after leading her party to its biggest electoral triumph in decades , German Chancellor Angela Merkel almost seemed the antithesis of a modern-day politician . Bouquet in hand and beaming broadly as the adoring crowd chanted "  Angie , Angie , " the 59 year-old looked more flattered than full of herself . "  This is a super result , " she said . "  I think we can all be proud . " It was n't the royal "  we " Merkel was referring to -- a mistake former British Prime Minister and so-called "  Iron Lady " Margaret Thatcher once cringingly made -- but rather some 41.5 % of German voters . So much for those who say plainness precludes power . Set to become only the third post-war chancellor to win as many terms in office , Merkel 's speech was a modest affair compared with those of other three-term titans like former British PM Tony Blair . For Merkel there was no vainglorious fist-thumping . No pie-in-the sky promises to move heaven and earth , to mend the economy and conquer child poverty . READ MORE : Merkel 's recipe for success Instead , she thanked her husband and supporters and alluded to the challenges of forming a working coalition in the days to come . This is "  Merkiavellism " at its best : Understated but achieving . And it 's a strategy that is refreshing to watch . After all , it 's not often that voters favor consistency over charisma , especially during times of economic strain . Merkel 's anti-ego approach has made her an unlikely icon of our times . Comparisons with the "  Iron Lady " are easy to make for a woman who regularly tops Time magazine 's list of the world 's most influential people and -- as the leader of Europe 's richest nation -- holds huge sway over its finances . But Merkel 's modus operandi is different . READ MORE : Five things to know about Merkel 's leadership and Europe She may not care enough , some say , for consensus and compromise . Despite that , one has the feeling her choices are born from personal conviction rather than point scoring . A pastor 's daughter from the country 's former Eastern bloc , Merkel comes over as a moralist in the tawdry world of international government and its gargantuan egos -- perhaps unnervingly so . She 's like the good student tucked away in the corner , who puts others to shame come exam time . Such studied benevolence has served the chancellor well at home , where , despite being childless , she is revered for her soft , caring image , and fondly called "  Mutti " or "  Mummy " by millions . Then again , the relationship between mother and child can be one of love and hate , meaning for Frau Merkel there 's no room for basking in glory , or for complacency . Targets must be struck . READ MORE : Will Merkel practice what she preaches ? Relationships between Germany and its world partners can be just as fickle . And since politics is a world of smoke and mirrors , of illusions and delusions of grandeur , it would be naive to assume Merkel was n't as much of a political animal as her peers . She has made mistakes and has been loath to admit she 's wrong . But the upside of Merkel 's subtle strategy is her errors are harder to spot in a government ruling under the radar . As elected chancellor of one nation in Europe she has extended her mandate way beyond its borders , dictating humiliating terms to Germany 's bailed out neighbors and shying away from big foreign policy asks on Mali and Syria . Two terms of Merkel in charge may have shielded her country from the worst of the eurozone crisis . But with a widening gap between rich and poor "  Angie " has her work cut out to rebalance her country 's economy and raise low wages . Finding a way to keep Germany 's factories running in the future without cheap nuclear energy is another question Merkel will eventually have to answer . Merkel 's second term left her nation strong but Europe more divided than ever . Her third term will require her to focus on reforms at home not abroad , much to the relief of the rest of the region . But , again , expect Germany 's first and favorite female leader to go about that quietly . Regardless of whether you espouse her policies , Merkel 's victory over the weekend is n't just a win for her -- it 's also a victory for substance over style .	German Chancellor Angela Merkel , heading into her third term , is the antithesis of a modern-day politician She is modest and unassuming , and fondly called Mutti -- or mother -- by the German public She is often compared the "  Iron Lady " Margaret Thatcher , but her style is quiet different But it would be naive to assume Merkel was n't as much of a political animal as her peers
While Saint Patrick 's Day has long been the preserve of Guinness-drinking revellers painting the world 's towns green while wearing shamrock hats , Irish Catholics have always taken pride in their nation 's patron saint . Now a new study from Cambridge University based on his writings suggests Saint Patrick was not brought to Ireland as a slave , as the legend has it , but that in fact he may actually have sold slaves his family owned to pay his way to Ireland -- in order to avoid a job as a tax collector for the Roman empire . The findings fly in the face of the classic account of the life of Saint Patrick , who grew up as a member of the Roman nobility in western Britain and was supposedly abducted and forced into slavery in Ireland around 400 A.D. . According to this history , Patrick escaped and became a priest before having a vision and returning to Ireland to convert the Irish to Christianity . Legend has it Saint Patrick used the shamrock , now the national emblem of Ireland , to explain the concept of the Holy Trinity , by showing an unbeliever the three-leafed plant with one stalk . The new study , based on Patrick 's own writings in their historical context , argues that Patrick actually ended up in Ireland in order to avoid becoming a "  Decurion , " or Roman tax collector -- a role in city government that had become undesirable and dangerous in Patrick 's time . "  In the troubled era in which Patrick lived , which saw the demise and eventual collapse of Roman government in Britain in 410 , discharging the obligations of a Decurion , especially tax-collecting , would not only have been difficult but also very risky , " said Dr. Roy Flechner , from the Department of Anglo-Saxon , Norse and Celtic at Cambridge University . Patrick 's father was a Decurion , which was a hereditary role , and when he vacated his position in order to join the clergy , Flechner says Patrick chose to leave Britain to avoid being obligated to take up his father 's job . In order to get to Ireland , which lacked a monetary system at the time , Patrick would have needed to sell commodities to finance the trip . According to his writings , Patrick 's family owned several slaves -- a high value and easily transportable commodity -- and Flechner says in the historical context it makes sense that Patrick would convert his family wealth into slaves he could sell in order to pay his way . But Philip Freeman , author of the biography "  St. Patrick of Ireland , " says while it is almost certain that Patrick 's family owned slaves , as many members of the Roman nobility did at the time , experts ' claims that Patrick himself was a slave trader is reading too far into the sources . "  It 's almost certain that Patrick grew up surrounded by slaves , but there 's no good reason for thinking he was a slave trader , " Freeman told CNN . "  The only sources we have about Patrick that are really reliable are the two letters he wrote when he was an old man , " he said . "  And both of those tell the story of a young man who grew up in the young Roman nobility in Britain , but was kidnapped when he was 16 years old . " Cambridge University 's Roy Flechner believes the widely accepted history of Saint Patrick 's early life and kidnapping was largely concocted by Patrick himself in those letters . "  The traditional story that Patrick was kidnapped from Britain , forced to work as a slave , but managed to escape and reclaim his status , is likely to be fiction : the only way out of slavery in this period was to be redeemed , and Patrick was never redeemed . The traditional legend was instigated by Patrick himself in the letters he wrote , because this is how he wanted to be remembered , " he said . Flechner says it is only Patrick 's motives , and not his efforts to Christianize the Irish people , that are up for debate . "  None of this is to say that Patrick was not a bishop or that he did not engage in missionary activity , but his primary motives for moving to Ireland were most likely to escape the poisoned chalice of his inherited position in Roman Britain , " he added . While very little is known about Saint Patrick , one legend has credited him with having driven the snakes out of Ireland . However , most biologists maintain there never were snakes in Ireland .	St. Patrick 's Day is the feast day St. Patrick , patron saint of Ireland Study : Patrick may have sold slaves in order to pay his way to Ireland to avoid tax collector job in Britain Traditional history says Patrick was abducted in Britain and taken to Ireland as a slave Legend : Patrick used shamrock , national emblem of Ireland , to explain concept of Holy Trinity
New York  CNN  -- The imam at the center of an ugly controversy over an Islamic center near New York 's ground zero broke his silence Tuesday , just hours after a broad coalition of Christian , Jewish and Islamic leaders denounced what they described as a rising tide of anti-Muslim bigotry across the United States . "  I have been struck by how the controversy has riveted the attention of Americans , as well as nearly everyone I met in my travels , " said Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf in an editorial published online by The New York Times Tuesday night . Read New York Times editorial "  We have all been awed by how inflamed and emotional the issue of the proposed community center has become , " wrote Rauf , who has just returned from a State Department-sponsored Middle East trip to promote U.S.-Muslim relations . "  The level of attention reflects the degree to which people care about the very American values under debate : recognition of the rights of others , tolerance and freedom of worship . " The imam was clear about his intentions . "  We are proceeding with the community center , Cordoba House . More important , we are doing so with the support of the downtown community , government at all levels and leaders from across the religious spectrum , who will be our partners . I am convinced that it is the right thing to do for many reasons , " he wrote . Opponents of the plan to build the center say it is too close to the site of the terror attacks and is an affront to the memory of those who died in the al Qaeda strike . Backers cite , among other things , First Amendment rights and the need to express religious tolerance . Rauf described the center to be built two blocks from the former site of the World Trade Center towers -- destroyed by terrorist-hijacked commercial jets on September 11 , 2001 -- as a "  shared space for community activities , like a swimming pool , classrooms and a play space for children . " "  There will be separate prayer spaces for Muslims , Christians , Jews and men and women of other faiths , " he wrote . "  The center will also include a multifaith memorial dedicated to victims of the Sept. 11 attacks . " "  I am very sensitive to the feelings of the families of victims of 9/11 , as are my fellow leaders of many faiths . We will accordingly seek the support of those families , and the support of our vibrant neighborhood , as we consider the ultimate plans for the community center . Our objective has always been to make this a center for unification and healing . " New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg spoke on Tuesday about the plan and criticized politicians he claims are using the issue for political gain ahead of midterm elections in November . "  This is a political thing that all came up in two months -- and it 's going to go away on November 4th , " he said . Various faith leaders in recent weeks have expressed concerns about hate crimes against American Muslims in the run-up to this weekend 's anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , which coincide with the holiday of Eid-al-Fitr , marking the conclusion of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . Worry over what some observers have termed "  Islamophobia " has also been heightened by a Gainesville , Florida , church 's plan to burn copies of the Quran on Saturday , the ninth anniversary of the attacks on New York and Washington . Earlier Tuesday , a broad coalition of faith leaders gathered in Washington , where they met with Attorney General Eric Holder to discuss their concerns . "  To quote the attorney general , he called the Gainesville planned burning of Qurans ` idiotic and dangerous , ' " said Farhana Khera , president of Muslim Advocates , soon after meeting with Holder . "  While it may not be a violation of the law -- it may be an act of free speech -- it certainly violates our sense of decency , " she added about the Florida event . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton echoed those thoughts later when she spoke at a dinner celebration of Iftar , the breaking the daily fast during Ramadan . "  I am heartened by the clear , unequivocal condemnation of this disrespectful , disgraceful act that has come from American religious leaders of all faiths ... as well as secular U.S. leaders and opinion makers , " she said . Separately , founders of the newly formed Interfaith Coalition on Mosques addressed the issue of religious freedom during a news conference at Washington 's National Press Club . "  Freedom of religion is a hallmark of this country , " said Ingrid Mattson , head of the Islamic Society of North America . It is time to decide "  whether we are going to live up to our values . " The coalition released a statement decrying a "  disturbing rise in discrimination against Muslims " and declaring that the current "  level of hostility , fear mongering and hate speech is unacceptable and un-American . " "  We believe the best way to uphold America 's democratic values is to ensure that Muslims can exercise the same religious freedom enjoyed by everyone in America , " the statement read . Last week , the Council on American-Islamic Relations launched a series of commercials designed to fight what it called growing Islamophobia . One in the series features a Muslim firefighter who was among the first responders on 9/11 . Opponents of the New York Islamic center are "  trying to tell the world and tell Americans that Muslims do not belong here . That Muslims are the others , when we are in fact , all Americans , " said Nahad Awad , executive director of the council . "  They 're trying to portray Muslims as foreigners . This is a dangerous repeat of history . If it 's allowed , it 's going to hurt all of us , " he said . In a statement on its website , the Dove World Outreach Center in Gainesville , Florida , said it plans to mark the anniversary of the 2001 attacks by burning Qurans this weekend "  to warn about the teaching and ideology of Islam , which we do hate as it is hateful . " The pastor of the small church , Terry Jones , has written a book titled "  Islam is of the Devil , " and the church sells coffee mugs and shirts featuring the phrase . The U.S. commander in Afghanistan on Monday criticized the church 's plan , warning the demonstration "  could cause significant problems " for American troops overseas . "  It could endanger troops and it could endanger the overall effort in Afghanistan , " Gen. David Petraeus said . Jones told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Tuesday that he is "  taking the general 's words " seriously . We are "  weighing the situation " and are "  praying about it , " he said . But it is "  very important that America wakes up , " he argued . Radical Islam "  must be shown a certain amount of force  and  determination . " The planned event has drawn criticism from Muslims in the United States and overseas , with thousands of Indonesians gathering outside the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta , Indonesia , on Sunday to protest the planned Quran burning . "  Those mainly conservative Christians who respond to their Muslim brothers and sisters -- their fellow Americans -- with anti-Muslim bigotry or hatred , they are openly rejecting ... the First Amendment principles of religious liberty which we as evangelical Christians benefit daily , " said Rev. Richard Cizik , of the New Evangelical Partnership for the Common Good , at the National Press Club . "  And to those who would exercise derision ... bigotry  and  open rejection of our fellow Americans for their religious faith -- I say shame on you . "	NEW : Hillary Clinton calls Quran-burning event ` disrespectful ' and ` disgraceful ' Imam at the center of the proposed Islamic center in New York breaks his silence Faith leaders meet to discuss fears of anti-Muslim sentiment with AG Eric Holder They say Holder said a Florida church 's plan to burn copies of the Quran is ` idiotic '
CNN  -- A worldwide network of fraudsters conned thousands of people into buying fake golf clubs on eBay , a London court has heard . Ebay was hit by a massive worldwide fraud in counterfeit golf clubs . In allegedly the largest fraud uncovered by the online auction site , the counterfeit clubs , as well as clothing and other golf accessories , were sold "  on a scale , it is believed , has never been seen before , " prosecutors told Snaresbrook Crown Court . The mastermind behind the million dollar operation , Greg Bellchambers , from east London , has already admitted fraud and conspiracy . His six co-defendants , who deny playing a "  crucial role " in the plot , are said to have assisted Bellchambers in managing accounts and acting as distributors in the scam . Bellchambers sourced the "  below-par " clubs in China and then marketed them on eBay as the original top of the line brands . The fraud only came to light when a disgruntled customer complained to a local trading standards office in London about sub-standard Acushnet clubs and an investigation was launched . When Bellchambers ' home was raided , "  a large quantity " of clubs were seized , with all of them fake apart from those which belonged to the 45-year-old . Adam Davis , for the prosecution , said : "  Nearly every major golf brand has been affected by the sale of counterfeit goods through the eBay accounts . "  It is the belief of the fraud investigation unit at eBay that this case represents the single largest counterfeiting conspiracy yet uncovered on their Web site . " Prosecutors claimed that many other people were involved , but proceedings have not been brought against them as they live abroad or there is insufficient information to identify them . The trial of Bellchambers ' six co-defendants is expected to last three months . All deny conspiracy .	Fake eBay golf clubs scam left thousand out of pocket , court is told Nearly every major golf brand affected by worldwide fraud on online auction site Ringleader Greg Bellchambers has admitted fraud and conspiracy Six other co-defendants on trial for conspiracy at Snaresbrook Crown Court
Editor 's note : On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . Storefront after storefront are closed and buildings are boarded up and falling into disrepair in Selma . SELMA , Alabama  CNN  -- To cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge into Selma is to share a stage with history . And these days , it is to come face-to-face with a bleak present . Storefront after storefront is closed , and many of the buildings in the famous photos from the days of the historic March 1965 events have fallen into disrepair . "  It is very depressing , " Selma Mayor George P. Evans tells us during an evening walk down Broad Street in downtown . "  People are not buying . People are not spending . Businesses are going out of business . " This is the heart of Alabama 's "  Black Belt , " and Selma is a reminder that a recession that has punished so many across America has hit hardest in places that were already struggling . "  A double whammy , " Evans says . "  It does seem to be those cities with the largest population of minorities that has taken the biggest hit . " Watch Mayor Evans talk about Selma 's economic struggles " Statewide , unemployment in Alabama has doubled in the past year from 4.5 percent to 9 percent . But here in Dallas County , it is 18.2 percent . In neighboring Wilcox County , is it more than 22 percent . That is staggering : One in five people you pass are unemployed . "  I have been looking and most of the time you go to a place , they are saying : ` No jobs . No applications ' , " is how Beatrice Jackson explained a job search going on six months . "  You have to go looking and you have to apply for jobs , but there ai n't nothing really in Selma . So , you know , you just take one day at a time . " Watch John King talk to Selma residents about the loss of jobs " Jackson was one of more than 300 workers at a cigar factory owned by a company called Altadis USA . Harsh news spread there in November . On the factory floor , the word was that just shy of 40 workers would lose their jobs , based on seniority . Instead , the owner announced the entire plant was being shut down . "  It was really shocking to us . It was shocking to everybody because we were n't expecting that , " Jackson said . She had been back at the cigar factory for nine years , after another plant where she worked was shut down . She made about $ 400 a week -- with health insurance -- at the cigar factory . Her unemployment benefits run about $ 250 . She has lived in Selma all her life and says it has never been this bad . "  That is why most of the young people -- they are leaving , " Jackson said . "  They are leaving because there ai n't no jobs here , and there ai n't nothing for them to do , so they leave . " Jimmie Coleman III sees the domino effect every day as he walks the aisles at his job . He is the director of the Calhoun Foods supermarket , a minority-owned chain whose meat section caters to the tastes of Selma 's predominantly African-American population . The average shopping cart in the checkout line is down to $ 19 or $ 20 , and customers Coleman says he would see several times a week not too long ago come in just once a week now . More economical family packs are the big sellers , and the traffic in other aisles is slowing dramatically . Calhoun Foods is losing sales of laundry detergent , canned goods , frozen foods , breakfast cereal and other household staples to the Wal-Mart on the outskirts of town . Last year , the meat department represented 35 percent of sales ; this year , it is 50 percent . ` This is basically a meat store , " Coleman says during a late morning walk through the Selma store . "  We put all of our investment in our meat department . " Looking to lure in more customers , the store this week had a giant promotion -- a truckload meat sale with prices slashed 40 percent or more . The slumping economy means revenues are down , but in an effort to avoid layoffs , Calhoun stores three weeks ago decided to trim back work hours . The work week for all hourly workers  managers are salaried  has been trimmed back to no more than 32 hours a week . There has been some grumbling from workers who in the past counted on overtime earnings or from workers who are now their household 's only wage-earner because a spouse has lost a job . But Coleman says "  we try to save everybody , " and the alternative to cutting back hours is slashing jobs . What is striking amid all the bleak statistics and sad stories is a persistent strand of optimism . "  I have never seen it this bad , " Coleman says . "  But I think it is going to get better . " Adds Evans : "  If you come back in two or three years , you will see a different city in our downtown area . I believe that . " The mayor 's vision of economic revival includes loft apartments in many of the vacant downtown storefronts and warehouses . He has an ambitious plan for a new riverfront development that includes restaurants , shops , parkland and a spacious amphitheater . It is a vision he pitches to every visitor , but it is a vision dependent on financial commitments that , so far , are slow to materialize . Selma would appear , in the short term , a perfect target for the Obama stimulus plan . Selma has a wish list of $ 40 million in projects , from street repairs and other infrastructure to help with the new riverfront development . But not a dime has reached here yet . "  We have not gotten a response on it at this point , " Evans says . "  It is very frustrating . The entitlement cities with greater populations have gotten a lot of theirs , but the smaller cities like Selma have not gotten theirs yet . ... I believe we will get something . It is just -- it is just a long process . "	Alabama 's unemployment rate has doubled to 9 percent , Selma area 's is twice that Selma was struggling before recession hit -- a "  double whammy , " mayor says Frustrated job-seeker : "  There ai n't nothing really in Selma " Selma was site of "  Bloody Sunday , " when police attacked civil rights marchers
So many hours of talks , so little progress . Despite two days of intensive negotiations , Iran and six world powers "  remain far apart " on Tehran 's controversial nuclear program , EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said Saturday in Kazakhstan . Her words dashed hopes that the deadlock might be broken after what had seemed more promising talks back in February , also in the Kazakh city of Almaty . Iran 's top nuclear negotiator , Saeed Jalili , acknowledged there was "  some distance " between Iran and the six powers but seemed more positive in his assessment . "  Good negotiations " had taken place in this round of talks , Jalili said , which he described as "  substantive , expansive and comprehensive . " But in a sign that progress was limited , no date or location has been set for new talks . This round was just the latest in a decade-long attempt to resolve differences between Iran and the international community over Tehran 's nuclear ambitions . The first day of talks proved inconclusive . By the end of Saturday , despite "  long and intensive discussions , " the two sides were no closer on agreeing on confidence-building measures , Ashton told reporters . "  It became clear that the positions of  the world powers  and Iran remain far apart on the substance , " she said . "  We therefore agreed all sides will go back to their capitals to evaluate where we stand on the process . " Ashton said she would be in touch with Jalili "  very soon in order to see how to go forward . " While Ashton said these were the most detailed discussions that the two sides had had , with "  a real back-and-forward between us , " she also made clear that she was disappointed by the lack of progress made . A senior U.S. administration official said Jalili directly engaged him in a 30 - to 40-minute question-and-answer exchange in the middle of Saturday 's plenary meeting . "  The quality of the discussion was different because there was this back and forth , this Q and A , " the official said . "  We just went back and forth with him . " Still , the official expressed disappointment , saying that Iran had "  put forward some minimal ideas and expected great return , and quite disproportionate return . " Britain , too , took a hard line after the talks . "  The UK went to Kazakhstan ready with our partners to negotiate in good faith with Iran , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement . "  Iran 's current position falls far short of what is needed to achieve a diplomatic breakthrough . " When negotiators from the diplomatic bloc of six nations -- the United States , France , Britain , Germany , China and Russia -- last sat down with Iran 's envoy in Almaty in February , they delivered what they characterized as a "  fair and balanced offer " to defuse tensions over the Iranian nuclear program . Instead of delivering the "  concrete response " Western governments had expected , Iran announced it was making its own proposal to the negotiating parties . ` Two-way street ' Jalili said Iran had tabled a proposal based on the discussions in Almaty and a previous meeting in Moscow -- and that it is now down to the six world powers to respond and show their "  willingness to take appropriate confidence-building steps in the future . " He repeated Tehran 's position that Iran has the right to a peaceful nuclear program . "  Creating confidence is a two-way street , " he said . Now , after many proposals put forward by Iran , it 's the turn of the six world powers to respond , he said . Jalili 's comments on Iran 's enrichment of uranium -- one of the most contentious issues at stake -- reaffirmed Tehran 's right to pursue that track but also appeared to leave the door open to some kind of negotiation . "  Enrichment is part of the rights of the Iranian people , whether we 're talking about 5 % or 20 % ... however , this can be an issue that can create further confidence , " he said . Jalili added that "  hostile behaviors " directed toward Iran were detrimental to building confidence . This was presumably a reference to the draconian sanctions imposed by Western governments against Tehran , which are crippling the Iranian economy . Oil exports have plummeted over the past several years , as has the value of Iran 's currency . "  The purpose of any sanctions is to put pressure in order to get this process to work , " said Ashton . "  And I believe we should continue to work as hard as we possibly can to make sure we are successful and we reach a satisfactory resolution . " Questions fly around any plan to attack Iran The so-called P5 +1 governments are demanding that Iran come clean about its nuclear program , which they suspect includes covert development of nuclear weapons . Iran consistently denies those charges , arguing it is enriching uranium and building nuclear reactors only for peaceful civilian energy needs . Details of last February 's offer from the six countries represented across the negotiating table from Iran have not yet been made public . Last month , technical experts from Iran and the P5 +1 countries met for more than 12 hours in Istanbul to discuss the proposal . Iran 's deputy chief negotiator said the Iranian proposal tabled Friday was based on a previous PowerPoint presentation that the Iranian delegation submitted during a round of talks in Moscow in June 2012 . "  The Islamic Republic of Iran proposed a practical method to implement the Moscow plan in a smaller scale , " Ali Baghery said in a statement issued to journalists Friday . The offer , he said , was aimed at establishing "  a new bedrock of cooperation . " A call for ` concrete actions ' Washington has vowed it will continue to put pressure on Tehran . "  As long as Iran does not take concrete steps to address the concerns of the international community about its nuclear program , the dual-track process continues . And that pressure only will increase if Iran does not begin to take concrete steps and concrete actions , " said a senior U.S. administration official in a telephone briefing to journalists this week . The official spoke on condition of anonymity . Iran argues that as a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , development of nuclear technology is an inalienable right . On the eve of the two-day talks in Kazakhstan , Jalili repeated this position in a speech given at a university in Almaty . "  It is the right of the Iranian people to peaceful nuclear energy and most importantly to enrichment , " Jalili said . A report recently published by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace concluded that sanctions are unlikely to force Tehran to give up its nuclear program . The report , titled "  Iran 's Nuclear Odyssey , " highlighted the fact that Tehran 's quest for a nuclear program has been going on for more than half a century , beginning under the rule of the pro-American shah , Reza Pahlavi , and continuing under the revolutionary Islamic republic that overthrew him . "  The program 's cost -- measured in lost foreign investment and oil revenue -- has been well over $ 100 billion , " Carnegie said .	"  Iran 's current position falls far short of what is needed , " says British official Iran has the right to enrich uranium , but negotiation may be possible , Saeed Jalili suggests It 's clear the two sides "  remain far apart " on substance , EU foreign policy chief says No date or location is agreed upon for new talks between world powers and Iran
CNN  The long investigation surrounding a mysterious battery fire that made so much trouble for Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner is closed . The National Transportation Safety Board report -- released December 1 -- comes nearly two years after burning and smoking batteries grounded all 50 of the world 's most advanced airliners flying at the time . When you pick apart the 110-page document , it reveals how any new piece of equipment can pose dangerous problems , even a noncritical piece of equipment like batteries . In this situation , the battery created one of the worst threats possible : an onboard fire . From a broader perspective , the investigation reminds us of the heavy responsibilities shared by the world 's aviation regulators and aircraft makers . The battery problems struck Boeing shortly after it had rolled out what was then a new model aircraft , with some of the most sophisticated technology available . It all started in January 2013 , when an empty Japan Airlines 787 caught fire while parked at Boston 's Logan Airport . A second battery incident nine days later in Japan prompted the Federal Aviation Administration to ground the entire Dreamliner fleet while the problem was fixed . Read more about the battery Now , with more than 200 Dreamliners in service , the FAA says safer battery systems have been installed in the planes . The NTSB basically blamed the battery problem on two things : -- Overheating from an electrical short circuit that may have been caused by manufacturing defects -- Allegedly unsatisfactory oversight of the manufacturing process by both the Federal Aviation Administration and Boeing Read the full NTSB report  PDF  on the battery fire To bring the investigation into sharper focus , here are eight questions and answers associated with the report : 1 . What was the root cause of the short circuit ? It 's remarkable : The investigation was unable to pinpoint the root cause of the battery cell short-circuit . Neither could Japanese investigators , although they had a theory . 2 . How closely does the FAA monitor the development of aviation technology ? The FAA allows Boeing and other qualified manufacturers to use their own employees to confirm that new aircraft components meet safety regulations . They follow specific FAA guidelines and submit to regular checks by FAA officials . Experts say more and more of that self-checking oversight is moving further down the supply chain to subcontractors . NTSB investigators recommended that both the FAA and Boeing "  develop or revise processes to establish more effective oversight " of suppliers . The report also called on the Dreamliner 's Japan-based battery maker , GS Yuasa Corp. , to "  review its cell manufacturing processes and ensure its employees are properly trained . " Kenneth Quinn , a Washington-based attorney who represents the battery maker , said this week that "  GS Yuasa had respectfully disagreed with a number of the observations NTSB made regarding manufacturing defects . " He said the company is studying the report and is "  eager to implement continuous quality improvements with the suggestions of the NTSB , FAA " and Japan 's aviation regulators . 3 . How did all this get started ? The battery , like those aboard all Dreamliners , was a lithium-ion battery , a technology that airline manufacturers like as a way to save fuel costs because of its low weight . Lithium-ion batteries also power cell phones and laptops . It 's a developing technology that has a history of overheating issues . Related : Watch video of the 787 that caught fire in 2013 Related : 787 Dreamliner infographic The FAA had already certified these batteries as safe and flight worthy . Apparently they were n't . Passenger safety and billions of dollars in Boeing aircraft orders were at risk . Officials needed to know what went wrong . That 's why the FAA did something next that it had n't done in more than 30 years : It grounded an entire type of airliner , nationwide . For about four months Dreamliners sat idle . To fix the problem , each battery was put inside a fireproof steel box to prevent the battery from catching fire . Just in case , the box includes vents that would force any smoke outside the plane . More insulation against heat was also added , and the batteries were redesigned to charge at lower levels . In the 19 months since the Dreamliner fix , there have been no reports of batteries catching fire , although a 787 battery cell did overheat while on the ground earlier this year . "  The improvements made to the 787 battery system last year appear to have worked as designed , " Boeing told Flightglobal in a statement at the time . Related : Beacon blamed for London Dreamliner fire 4 . Could it happen again ? Boeing and the battery maker say no . Theoretically , if another Dreamliner battery short-circuits and overheats , the system will remain safe because there wo n't be enough oxygen in the containment box for a fire to be possible , a Boeing spokeswoman said . Does that make the battery maker comfortable with the fact that the root cause of the short-circuit remains a mystery ? "  GS Yuasa is very comfortable in knowing that the quality of the manufacturing processes and the redesign of the battery will prevent a situation from occurring as it did in the Boston and Japanese incidents , " said Quinn . 5 . How important are these batteries , anyway ? They 're necessary , but they have backups in case they fail . The batteries are used only before take-off to power up the cockpit computer and to start the plane 's auxiliary power unit .  That 's the thing that fires up the 787 's two jet engines . After takeoff -- unless there 's a power failure -- these batteries are not in use because electricity to run onboard equipment is generated by the engines . Even if there is a power failure -- which is highly unlikely -- there are other ways pilots can create electrical power to run the 787 's steering and other systems . For example , small wind turbines -- called ram air turbines , or RATs -- that pop out of the aircraft to generate juice via wind power . 6 . Will Boeing and the FAA develop a more effective process to oversee suppliers ? Boeing says it did that already , before the NTSB report . The company said it now has a "  more formal flow of requirements and increased interaction between Boeing , its suppliers and sub-tier suppliers as compared to the processes in place earlier . " The FAA said it also has "  effective processes in place to identify and correct issues that emerged before and after certification " of the 787 . But it also said it 's still evaluating the NTSB recommendations "  and will provide a timely response to the board . " 7 . Do airliner manufactures plan to use lithium-ion batteries on new aircraft models ? They do . Immediately after the Dreamliner 's troubles , Boeing competitor Airbus announced it was pulling lithium-ion batteries from early production models of its new A350 aircraft and going with traditional -- and heavier -- nickel cadmium batteries . But in September Airbus did a 180 . It said it planned to switch back to lithium-ion batteries on A350s set to be delivered in 2016 . Airbus ' chief designer told Bloomberg the company can "  mitigate any risks to zero . " Boeing said this week it would decide whether to use lithium-ion batteries in new planes "  on a case-by-case basis . " 8 . Were there any surprises in the report ? Yes : a random , unrelated problem with a new type of cockpit voice recorder . The report revealed that a new recorder on the Japan Airlines Dreamliner did n't record voices very well , a situation that "  could impede future aircraft investigations , " the NTSB said . Almost all crew conversations recorded by the cockpit voice recorder were "  completely obscured " by ambient cockpit noise , according to the report . The FAA should require Boeing to improve the quality of the audio on the recording device , the NTSB said . Boeing said it 's still examining the NTSB recommendations . Overall , for aviation enthusiasts and fans of the Dreamliner , the report offered a mountain of insider data about the popular aircraft . As Quinn , the GS Yuasa attorney , put it , "  I think we can all rest assured that this is the most investigated battery incident , ever . "	Investigation ends into 2013 lithium-ion battery fire on Boeing 787 Dreamliner NTSB report blames short circuit and allegedly unsatisfactory FAA/Boeing oversight FAA , Boeing and battery maker are confident the problems have been fixed Boeing and Airbus considering using lithium-ion batteries on future airliners
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Campaign workers distributed campaign leaflets and plastered candidate posters along the Iranian capital 's tree-lined streets in the final days before Friday 's parliamentary elections . Iranian cell phones also lit up with text messages advertising names of candidates . Meanwhile , Iranian state television broadcast wall-to-wall programming encouraging voters to cast their ballots . With slogans like "  Our progress in science and economics depends on your vote , " the publicity campaign included an oft-repeated quote from the late founder of the Islamic Republic , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomenei , saying , "  The measure of a nation is its vote . " But out on the traffic-clogged streets of Tehran , some Iranians appeared less than enthusiastic about the election . At the Al Javad Mosque where young men were handing out campaign leaflets , an elderly man confronted a passing turbaned cleric , yelling "  Why should we vote ? " When a CNN reporter asked another man about the election , he hurried away , saying "  I 'm not going to vote , so I 'm afraid to talk . " "  I do n't want to take part in this election , " said another young man , who asked not to be named . Asked why he was boycotting the vote , he answered , "  Everyone has his own viewpoint . For example , someone says ' I like the system . ' Or someone says ' I do n't . I 'm the opposite of the system . ' And that 's why . " In Iran , elections are traditionally heralded by the revolutionary regime as a popular demonstration that it enjoys the overwhelming support of the population . But this Friday 's contest will also mark the first time Iranians go to the polls since allegations of vote-rigging during presidential elections in 2009 triggered mass street demonstrations against the regime . Security forces subsequently used deadly force to crack down on the opposition Green Movement . Presidential candidates Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Kerroubi were placed under house arrest , where they remain . International human rights organization reported the arrest of thousands of other activists . Scores of high-ranking opposition campaign workers and political activists fled to exile to neighboring Turkey , where some claimed in interviews with CNN that they endured torture in Iranian prisons . But at a campaign rally for candidates from the conservative Principalist Front on Wednesday , one lawmaker running for re-election offered a decidedly different account of the aftermath of the 2009 vote . "  During the 2009 elections , attempts were made to use cheating in the elections as an excuse to plot against the regime , " said Zohreh Elahian . "  Attempts were made to show the world that there is no democracy in Iran and that the people are not the ones who have the power to elect their leaders , " she said . "  That 's why the Friday elections represent the people 's will to participate in determining their own future and their country 's fate . " There are no candidates from the Green Movement in this year 's parliamentary election . Instead , Iranian political analysts describe Friday 's vote as a contest between rival conservative factions within the government . "  The underlying issue is whether or not you support -LSB- Iranian President Mahmoud -RSB- Ahmadinejad , " said Sadegh Zibakalam , a political scientist at Tehran University . "  It 's a rivalry between Ahmadinejad on the one hand and the supreme leader on the other ... not overtly , and not directly of course . " Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei publicly supported Ahmadinejad 's controversial re-election victory during the dispute over the 2009 ballot results . But tensions have flared between the two leaders over the last year . Ahmadinejad disappeared from public view for 11 days after Khamenei over-ruled his decision to fire an intelligence minister . Several of Ahmadinejad 's top political allies have also been subjected to lawsuits and investigations . The Keyhan newspaper , which is run by a trusted ally of Khamenei , has publicly denounced Ahmadinejad 's top adviser , Esfandiar Raheem Mashaie , accusing him of "  leading a deviant current . " In the run-up to this week 's vote , Khamenei has urged factions to overcome previous divisions , by calling repeatedly for unity . According to Iranian state media , there are more then 3,400 candidates competing now for some 290 seats in parliament . Iranian analysts said the Principalist Front represents one of the leading groups of candidates . It faces a challenge from a group of Ahmadinejad supporters who announced the creation of their ballot list , the Monotheism and Justice Front , just days before the election . At the Principalist Front rally on Friday , where candidates took turns addressing several hundred people seated on the floor of a mosque , candidate Zohreh Elahian sought to downplay previous divisions between pro- and anti-Ahmadinejad conservative factions . She placed all of these groups under the same "  principalist " ideological umbrella . "  We view all the principalists as members of one family , " she said . "  But there are differences in views and tastes which show how dynamic the principalist group still is . " Any possible divisions within the ruling conservative government fade rapidly , however , when confronted by Iran 's greatest adversaries , the United States and Israel . At a speech before thousands of supporters on Wednesday , Ayatollah Khamenei accused the United States and its allies of trying to stop Iranians from voting on Friday . Intelligence Minister Heydar Moslehi went one step further , saying a "  high voter turnout will be a punch in the face of arrogant powers , " according to state-run Press TV . This was a view shared by some on the streets of Tehran . Some Iranians blamed increasingly harsh American economic sanctions for the precipitous drop in the value of Iran 's currency over the last several months . Others pointed to the recent series of assassinations of Iranian nuclear scientists , which the Iranian government has blamed on foreign agents . Amid the rush of commuters moving through Tehran 's busy Haft-e-Tir Square was a clerk named Ali Asgar , who said he would vote for any candidate who was honest , and who "  followed the Supreme Leader . " "  We hate the politics of the U.S. . The U.S. is supporting Saudi Arabia and betraying Iran , " Asgar said . Almost as an afterthought , he added , "  Death to America , death to Israel , " before politely shaking hands with his interlocutor and saying goodbye .	In 2009 , allegations of vote-rigging triggered protests and led to deaths Iranian state television broadcast wall-to-wall programming encouraging residents to vote Some Iranians appeared less than enthusiastic about the election
London  CNN  -- Even a king can get them . Researchers working with the remains of King Richard III said on Wednesday that he was infected with roundworms in his intestines . They know because they found multiple roundworm eggs in soil samples from around his pelvis , where his intestines would have been , according to a study published online in the journal Lancet . New mystery : A coffin inside a coffin Eggs were not found in a sample taken from near the king 's head , and a sample from around his grave showed only scant contamination , the researchers said . Last year , archaeologists unearthed a body buried beneath a nondescript parking lot in the city of Leicester . In February , they confirmed the remains were those of Richard III , the last king of England to die on the battlefield . Is this the face that launched 1,000 myths ? The news drew global attention , thanks in part to Richard 's bloodthirsty reputation -- as immportalized in William Shakespeare 's play "  Richard III . " As many as 1.2 billion people in the world are thought to be infected with Ascaris lumbricoides , the kind of roundworm eggs found in the king 's remains , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Ascaris lives in the intestine and eggs are passed in the feces . Some people infected show no symptoms , but some can have abdominal discomfort . In severe cases , the infection can cause intestinal blockage and stunt growth in children , the CDC said . Cases in present day Britain are rare , according to the National Health Service , with most cases now diagnosed occurring in people who have traveled from parts of the world where roundworm is present . War of the Roses King Richard was killed at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485 , at age 32 . It was the last fight in the War of the Roses , which ended with Henry VII of the Tudor line on the throne . The Leicester site is where a church , known as Greyfriars Friary , once stood . Back from the grave , King Richard III gets rehab Over the centuries , the whereabouts of the friary 's remnants were forgotten , but it remained in the records as the burial place of Richard III . Last year , archaeologists began to excavate the parking lot site , and in February announced that they were convinced "  beyond reasonable doubt " that the skeleton found there belonged to Richard . Mitochondrial DNA extracted from the bones was matched to Michael Ibsen , a Canadian cabinetmaker and direct descendant of Richard III 's sister , Anne of York , and a second distant relative , who wished to remain anonymous . Experts said other evidence -- including battle wounds and signs of scoliosis , or curvature of the spine -- found during the search and more than four months of tests afterward strongly supported the DNA findings . The king 's remains are due to be reburied in Leicester Cathedral , close to the site of his original grave , next year . CNN 's Dana Ford wrote in Atlanta and Laura Smith-Spark in London . Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Multiple roundworm eggs are found in samples from where his intestines would 've been King Richard III 's remains were discovered beneath a parking lot in Leicester He was killed in 1485 , at the Battle of Bosworth Field
CNN  -- Al Shabaab , which has connections to al Qaeda , is a militant Islamist group that controls much of southern Somalia and is active around the capital , Somalia . It has waged an insurgency against the weak Transitional Federal Government since 2007 . How it started Somalia has been without any functioning government since 1991 -- perfect territory for different militia and factions to fight over the bones of the old state . Al Shabaab  which means "  the youth " in Somali  emerged in about 2004 . Its gunmen were involved in a series of assassinations of Somalis who had connections to the West . Al Shabaab began prospering when the Islamic Courts Union  ICU  seized the capital Mogadishu and much of central Somalia in 2006 . After defeating a coalition of warlords backed by the United States , the ICU brought Shariah-style justice to the capital , temporarily halting the anarchy in the city . Many people in the capital welcomed the greater security that the ICU brought , thanks in part to the effective fighting skills of several hundred Al Shabaab fighters . Official : Al-Shabaab leaders contact Kenyan government to negotiate Ethiopian invasion Six months after the ICU established itself in Mogadishu , Ethiopia invaded Somalia , with backing from Washington . Both governments were concerned that the ICU were establishing fundamentalist Islamist rule and giving al Qaeda a foothold in Africa . Many of the ICU leadership fled , but Al Shabaab launched a guerrilla war against the 17,000 Ethiopian soldiers deployed , drawing support from many Somalis , for whom Ethiopia is the regional arch-enemy . The Ethiopians quickly occupied Mogadishu but failed to pacify much of central and southern Somalia . Al Shabaab was able to regroup in southern Somalia , aided by the squabbling within the Western-backed transitional federal government . In 2008 , the militants began to retake a series of coastal towns south of the capital , and the port of Kismayo became a major source of revenue . According to the U.N. Al Shabaab collects an estimated $ 35-50 million annually in custom tolls and taxes on businesses in Kismayo -- and two secondary ports higher up the coast . At the same time , Al Shabaab commanders split from the political leadership of the ICU over talks with the government , which Al Shabaab rejected . For their part , elders in the ICU were uneasy with the growing role of foreign fighters within Al Shabaab and its shift from being a Somali resistance force to part of the global jihadist movement . Links with al Qaeda Most Al Shabaab watchers believe that the organizational ties between the group and al Qaeda "  central " are weak or non-existent . Both Osama bin Laden and his successor Ayman al Zawahiri lauded Al Shabaab for its resistance to Ethiopian occupation and its waging of jihad . Soon after the Ethjiopian invasion , Zawahiri encouraged Somalis to defeat the "  crusader Ethiopian invaders . " Some Al Shabaab leaders are said to have trained in Afghanistan , but the majority of young fighters have little knowledge of al Qaeda . Mysterious al Qaeda ` envoy ' dispenses aid in Somalia Al Shabaab formally declared its allegiance to al Qaeda in February 2010 , claiming it would "  connect jihad in the Horn of Africa to the jihad led by al Qaeda . " It reiterated the affiliation when Zawahiri became al Qaeda 's leader , and most recently declared that it would "  sacrifice everything in the attainment of a global Islamic Caliphate . " Disenchantment grows Al Shabaab 's best recruiting sergeant was the incapable transitional government and the long power struggle between President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed , a former warlord , and his Prime Minister Nur Hassan Hussein . Yusuf , an ally of Ethiopia , was eventually forced to step down at the end of 2008 , easing some of the tensions within the fragile government . At the same time , some Al Shabaab factions began what appeared to many Somalis as senseless attacks -- a suicide bombing against a graduation ceremony for doctors in 2009 which killed 19 people ; an attack on a medical clinic used by African Union forces and civilians in January 2010 ; and in October this year another suicide attack against scholarship students gathered for an event near the Education Ministry . That attack killed more than 100 people . Al Shabaab 's implementation of strict Sharia law has begun to alienate many in the way that al Qaeda did in Iraq . Women have been stoned to death for adultery ; amputations and beheadings are common . In some areas Al Shabaab has banned listening to the radio and non-Arabic signs ; and it has assassinated several journalists . In a country that has little tradition of strict Sharia , such moves alienate ordinary Somalis . Who 's in charge ? Al Shabaab has no conventional hierarchy and is divided into factions , with foreign fighters prominent in some areas and local commanders in control in others . It has also had fluctuating relationships with other Islamist groups in Somalia , such as Kamboni , with which it joined forces last year . The most prominent and established leader is Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys , who has been on a U.S. list of people "  linked to terrorism " for a decade . "  I am not a terrorist . But if strictly following my religion and love for Islam makes me a terrorist , then I will accept the designation , " he said five years ago . There is considerable tension within the movement over the extent to which Shariah law should be implemented ; and more recently over allowing foreign aid groups into southern Somalia to help alleviate a famine that threatens the lives of millions . American carried out Somalia suicide bombing , Islamists claim In essence the foreign fighters  among them an estimated 40 Somalis from the U.S. as well as more from Canada and Europe  see Al Shabaab 's role as part of global jihad ; most local leaders , especially in the south , have a more nationalistic approach . They oppose the government in Mogadishu and the role of African Union troops in protecting it ; but are unhappy about Al Shabaab 's ban on foreign aid for famine victims . Taking the fight overseas It 's unclear whether Al Shabaab -- like al Qaeda -- has ambitions to go global . It was involved in a double-bombing in the Ugandan capital , Kampala , in 2010 -- in retaliation for Uganda 's role in the AMISOM force that props up the transitional government . An Al Shabaab member tried to kill the Danish cartoonist Kurt Westergaard last year in revenge for his depictions of the Prophet Mohammed . And there is concern among western intelligence agencies that Al Shabaab may forge links with other Islamist terror groups in Africa , such as Boko Haram in Nigeria . The size of the Somali diaspora  1.5 million strong and concentrated in Scandinavia , Canada and the U.S.  gives Al Shabaab an opportunity to recruit for missions overseas , but to date the majority of ethnic Somalis recruited by Al Shabaab have remained in Somalia . Minnesota women found guilty of raising money for Somali terror group Among an estimated 40 Americans who have joined Al Shabaab , at least two have died in suicide bombings . At least one -- Omar Hammami from Alabama -- has become prominent as a propagandist and recruiter , even recording rap videos about the Ethiopian invasion and dying as a martyr . "  We are all Osama , " he is said to have told an Al Shabaab rally days after bin Laden 's death . Current situation In recent months , Al Shabaab has suffered a series of reverses in Mogadishu , with a senior figure being killed at a roadblock and AU troops pushing the group out of several neighborhoods . It 's also on the defensive in its heartland in southern Somalia . Kenya has blamed Al Shabaab for the abductions of several foreigners in northern Kenya and has begun a cross border incursion aimed at creating a security buffer in southern Somalia . There have already been several clashes between Al Shabaab and Kenyan forces , with the Kenyans vowing to press on to Kismayo . Kenya vows to hit Al-Shabaab across Somali border Around the capital , Al Shabaab 's tactical withdrawal from Mogadishu has been followed by a rash of suicide attacks and ambushes as it has resorted has stepped up suicide attacks as it 's lost ground . Few analysts expect a decisive victory for either Al Shabaab or the government and its foreign backers . But regional analysts fear that under pressure , Al Shabaab may lash out with attacks in Kenya and elsewhere .	Militant Islamist group has al Qaeda connections and some control of southern Somalia Al Shabaab emerged in 2004 and grew when Islamic Courts Union seized Mogadishu Organizational ties between group and al Qaeda "  central " are thought to be weak Some fear that under pressure , Al Shabaab will launch attacks in Kenya and elsewhere
Paris , France  CNN  -- In 2009 , bottled water company Evian decided to focus its advertising strategy on an association with youth . It took almost a year for Mercedes Erra to convince the company that a commercial featuring babies roller skating to hip hop classic "  Rapper 's Delight " was the best way to get that message across . But happily for advertising guru Erra , "  Roller Babies " became the world 's most-viewed brand video . It was viewed online more than 75 million times and shared almost 2.2 million times -- a Guinness world record . Erra founded ad agency BETC Euro RSCG in 1995 with three others . Today , she is also managing director of communications group Havas and executive president of its marketing arm Euro RSCG Worldwide . BETC is now one of the largest and most awarded agencies in France , with a client roster that includes more than 80 of the world 's top 100 largest advertisers , including Coca Cola , IBM , Volvo , Disney , LVMH and McDonalds . See more : Building an empire from chocolate Erra is a progressive and , at times , challenging force in French life : A mother to five sons campaigning for greater participation by women , she is on the board of the Elle Foundation , the Committee on the Image of Women in the Media , and Force Femmes , and is president of the Women 's Forum for the Economy and Society . A Spanish-born Officier of the Legion d'Honneur  motto : "  Honour and Fatherland "  , Erra is pushing for diversity in a society not always famed for its racial tolerance . She is on the board of the French Immigration Museum , and is a member of Human Rights Watch and UNICEF . Erra began her career in advertising in 1981 , as an intern at Saatchi & Saatchi . She believes she distinguished herself there by seeking out more and more responsibility , ultimately becoming managing director . "  I think when people want responsibility , they can have it immediately because  most  people do n't want responsibility , " she said . Although she disavows any particular skill other than taking responsibility , colleagues say Erra has a rare combination of rigorous business analytics , and a strong intuition about how consumers will react . Here she talks to CNN 's Leading Women about immigration , the glass ceiling and what 's most important in life and in work . On being a migrant ... I was born in Barcelona . I arrived in France when I was six years old . I lost my country and quality of life . We had a little money in Spain , but nothing in France . Those two changes were difficult but at the same time very positive . When you are six , you learn a lot if you change your country . You learn relativity ; you learn the world is complicated . You become more mature . I experienced that life is not easy -- I think today sometimes life is too easy -- and I never forget this . On "  women 's work " ... When I was young , my mother was at home and my father worked and it was not easy . By the end of the day , she would dream of working outside the home , and my father would arrive and say , ' I am so tired . ' I remember her saying , ` Nobody wants to do housework , nobody says thanks , nobody gives me money , ' and she 's right . In my mind , my mother was doing a job , and I said to myself , ' I do n't want that job . ' When I began working , it was a pleasure . And sometimes when I have meetings with very important men , and they say ' I am tired , ' I say , ` We get money ; it 's very interesting . Stop . Please , stop . ' On the glass ceiling ... More than a glass ceiling , the obstacle for women is their own minds . I get the feeling that if a woman is very clear , it 's very difficult to prohibit something . It was impossible to stop me . Many things have to change . But first , it 's very simple : Girls need to think about having a good job and doing the same kind of studies as boys . In France , we have the Baccalaureate  high school diploma  . In mathematics , the best results ? The girls . And when they choose  further  studies ? No girls in mathematics . Why ? Because they think they are not the best . I think we have to be clear , the objective is not to be the best , it 's to do what they want -- but they can want everything . On work-life balance ... I do n't want all women to do what I do . I have a lot of energy -- not a normal amount , I know . I sleep very few hours and not all women can get by on three hours a night . I am not balanced -- I have more energy than balance . Some people have their work and their home life and do n't want interaction between them . I do n't have two lives . I have no problem having people come to my house to work , because I like these people . It 's difficult for me to have different relations with people who I work closely with . These are very important people to me . On working with big-name clients ... With people who are important , I am more difficult to work with , because I am not impressed  by their reputation  . I am impressed when people are very clever or very nice or have a very strong heart or a strong intuition . On doing what you love ... Do things well , and do what you like to do . It 's bad to do something because you think other people will consider you clever . I have strong views on this because when I speak with my gardener , she is so clever , but it 's a different kind of clever . It 's not the same as my way of being clever , but it 's still clever . Do what you think is right for you , and remember : Do n't lose half your life to things that are not interesting to you . I am disturbed by what people will accept . Some people have less opportunity , but if you can choose what you do , you are a winner .	Mercedes Erra is managing director of Havas , the fifth largest communications group in the world As founder of its flagship ad agency BETC , she is renowned as a brand strategist Erra 's campaign for Evian included the world 's most-viewed online brand video
CNN  -- Andrew Wyeth , the American painter perhaps best known for his painting of a young woman in a field , "  Christina 's World , " has died , according to an official with the Brandywine River Museum in Pennsylvania . Andrew Wyeth received the National Medal of Arts from President Bush in November 2007 . Wyeth , 91 , died in his sleep Thursday night at his home near Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , according to Lora Englehart , public relations coordinator for the museum . The acclaimed artist painted landscapes and figure subjects and worked mostly in tempera and watercolor . He was widely celebrated inside and outside of the art world . Wyeth received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1963 , and President Nixon sponsored an exhibition of Wyeth 's paintings at the White House . In 2007 , President Bush awarded Wyeth the National Medal of Arts in recognition of his lifetime achievement and contribution to American arts and culture . Two years earlier , Wyeth and his wife , Betsy , presented to the White House his painting "  Jupiter , " which is displayed in the residence 's family sitting room . Bush issued a statement Friday saying that he and first lady Laura Bush "  deeply mourn " the death of Wyatt . "  Mr. Wyeth captured America in his paintings of his native Pennsylvania and Maine , " Bush said . "  On behalf of the American people , Laura and I offer our sincere condolences to Betsy and the Wyeth family . " Wyeth , who lived in Chadds Ford , Pennsylvania , and Maine , "  has been enormously popular and critically acclaimed since his first one-man show in 1937 , " according to a biography in InfoPlease . His main subjects were the places and people of Chadds Ford and Cushing , Maine . "  Christina 's World , " painted in 1948 , shows a disabled Maine neighbor who drags herself through a field toward her house in the distance . The painting , displayed at the Museum of Modern Art in New York , has been regarded as Wyeth 's most popular . "  His ` Helga ' pictures , a large group of intimate portraits of a neighbor , painted over many years , were first shown publicly in 1986 , " the InfoPlease biography says . Those were painted in Pennsylvania . Wyeth , the youngest child of painter N.C. Wyeth , formally studied art with his father as a teen , "  drawing in charcoal and painting in oils , the media of choice for N.C. Wyeth . It was during the family 's annual summer vacations in Port Clyde , Maine , that Andrew was able to experiment with other media to find his own artistic voice , " according to a biography in the Farnsworth Art Museum in Maine .	NEW : Bush says Wyeth 's work "  captured America " Wyeth died in his sleep at home in Pennsylvania at 91 His most famous painting is that of a young girl in a field His "  Helga " portraits were first shown in 1986
In front of a packed Great Hall of the People , outgoing Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao delivered his last government work report as he opened the National People 's Congress . During the coming days , the country 's top officials will discuss national priorities for the years ahead , and formally appoint the president who 'll oversee them . Four months after taking over as General Secretary of the Communist Party , Xi Jinping will replace outgoing president Hu Jintao . Li Keqiang will become premier , replacing Wen Jiabao . Opening the NPC , Wen urged delegates to "  unite as one and work hard to finish building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation , " according to state-run media Xinhua . Firm economic targets include annual growth of 7.5 % in 2013 , along with efforts to keep consumer price inflation at around 3.5 % . Nine million new jobs would be created , he said , in order to keep urban unemployment no more than 4.6 % . Wen touched on what some see as the biggest challenge facing the country : The disparity in wealth and opportunity between city dwellers and migrant workers who have left the countryside in their millions to tap into the economic boom . "  The development gap between urban and rural areas and between regions is large , and so are income disparities between individuals , " Wen said , according to Xinhua . He said the government needs to "  promptly formulate specific policies " to build on planned reforms to the income distribution system . China : Three challenges for new leaders The need to tackle corruption and to reduce the environmental toll of economic growth also emerged in reports from the congress on state media . A separate session of the government 's top advisory body began on Sunday . Delegates from around the country have been arriving in Beijing for the meetings , which , while highly choreographed , are expected to shed light on the future direction of China , which many people believe is at a crossroads . Many risks and challenges This winter has seen its worst pollution in living memory , angering a population already jaded by a series of high-profile corruption scandals -- including the downfall of the once high-flying politician Bo Xilai -- that have tainted the reputation of the party . In a speech published by the People 's Daily on Sunday , Xi warned that China faced many risks and challenges , saying that the party 's future was at stake . "  All party members , especially leaders should have the sense of urgency that our skills and abilities require constant sharpening and renewing , " Xi said in the speech that was given on Friday at the Central Party School that trains officials . "  The goal of ` two 100 years ' can only be achieved when we become a party that keeps learning and improving . " The NPC , which takes places at The Great Hall of the People in Tiananmen Square and ends on March 17 , will give Xi the opportunity to lay out his policies , and he is expected to make fighting corruption a priority . In several speeches since he took control of the Communist Party in November , he has warned that corruption could lead to the collapse of the party and the downfall of the state . "  The central government stresses the change of working style , we encourage more learning , more thinking and less wasteful dinner parties and pointless formalism and bureaucracy , " Xi said on Friday . Food scandals Beijing is also planning to create a single agency to deal with food and drug regulation after a string of deadly scandals surrounding food safety , the South China Morning Post reported . Ordinary Chinese are trying to make their voices heard as the meetings commence and one group airing their grievances is migrant workers . "  We are all Chinese citizens . Why are our kids not treated equally , like those with permanent Beijing residency ? We live and work here and pay the taxes as well , " one woman told CNN at a protest outside the capital 's municipal education commission on Thursday . She said the children of migrant workers living in Beijing are discriminated against because they can not take part in college entrance exams that play a key part in determining a child 's future . China 's new leaders will also be looking to project strength not just at home but also on the global stage . Beijing has been standing up to its neighbor Japan over a disputed chain of islands and recently landed a fighter jet on the deck of an aircraft carrier for the first time .	Wen Jiabao opens annual session of China 's parliament The National People 's Congress will complete China 's leadership transition Chinese leader Xi Jinping will formally assume the title of state president Meeting expected to shed light on China 's future direction
CNN  -- In recent weeks , a series of CNN articles have appeared purporting to get to the bottom of male infidelity . "  Men More Likely to Cheat on Women With Bigger Paychecks , " one headline informs us ; yet in the body of the article we are told that the opposite is true as well : "  A man who makes significantly more money than his girlfriend or wife is also more likely to cheat . " It 's a bit bewildering , keeping track of all the things that could cause a man to be unfaithful . Earn too much and he might cheat , but earn too little and he might cheat then , too . Association is not the same as causality , but news outlets have latched on to this anyway as the reason actress Sandra Bullock was betrayed ; high-and-low-earning ladies everywhere had better beware . This article and others like it that surface in the media every so often amount to something of a cottage industry in the justification of male infidelity . Scratch the surface of any of them and you get a phenomenon of male entitlement that is oddly abetted by some women . For example , if you thought that the man himself had anything to do with it , former "  sugarbabe " and mistress Holly Hill explains otherwise in an article that ran a few weeks ago : "  Men are hardwired to betray women on the long-term . " In this view , man is but a victim of faulty "  wiring " -- although the wires evidently worked well enough to fund her "  sugarbabe " business . But the real eye-opener was psychologist Christopher Ryan 's CNN.com essay , "  Monogamy unnatural for our sexy species . " Before reading this , I had n't realized that I could have a "  central , respected role " as part of a "  harem of women " and that marriage was all a ruse to make the "  human female -LSB- into -RSB- just another possession for men to accumulate and defend , along with his house , slaves and asses . " I have already notified my husband that I am onto him , and that he may no longer defend nor accumulate me for "  pair bonding . " Curiously , accumulating large numbers of other women poses no problem , according to Ryan . For on account of "  women 's pendulous breasts " -- and the vast evolutionary forces that have produced them -- he suggests it 's "  utterly natural " for men to cheat , or to exhibit "  nonpossessive , gregarious sexuality . " We are , he points out , "  the most sexual species on earth . " At first I was confused about why this sexuality can only be expressed via multiple partners , but then I got to the part about the "  Bonobos -LSB- who -RSB- famously enjoy frequent group sex that leaves everyone relaxed and conflict-free . " And who , really , can argue with that ? All I ask , as a woman , is for consistency . When we turn to the bonobos to be our guides , let 's not be quite so selective about the take-home message . Let us try to examine every species more thoroughly . For example : true , women have "  pendulous breasts , " but hey , men have pendulous ears , and what could those possibly be for ? Any serious evolutionary scholar can plainly see that the human male is designed to be listening to women at all times . That 's why their ears are larger . Ryan claims that , since the male organ is "  the longest -LSB- and -RSB- thickest , " we can not deny the evidence that "  prehistoric promiscuity " is part of our primate inheritance . Yet this fascinating investigation is cut short . If we continue traveling further upwards , we discover that a man 's arms are also generally longer and thicker than a woman 's . From a strictly scientific standpoint , here we see a strong indication that a man is evolutionarily adapted to give out more back rubs than he gets . Sure , today an individual man can refuse a request for a massage , but when the next wave of natural selection works its magic , he may find that his massage-phobic genes are out of the running . Once at the Toronto Zoo , my family witnessed a male orangutan picking nits off his baby 's hair , while the female lolled about peacefully , grooming herself under a tree . Can there be any clearer precedent , from an evolutionary perspective , for men to scrape the dinner plates while women get manicures ? Another time on YouTube , I saw a female gorilla munching on stinging nettles , even though they seemed to bother her . It was a humbling , yet powerful directive for me to go shopping even though I could n't really afford a new outfit . Ladies , if you ca n't beat 'em , join 'em . It is time to stop arguing with evolutionary theorists when they use bonobo behavior to justify their own low standards . Why should men have a monopoly on the totally arbitrary selection of chimp behavior that renders their own predilections normative under the guise of scientific observation ? I am picking up my pad of paper , I am ready to take notes and I am headed for the zoo . Do the gorillas speak to you , too ? If they do n't , simply write to let me know what behavior of yours you 'd like to rationalize , and I am confident that working together as a scientific team , we can find a gorilla somewhere out there doing that very thing with a vengeance . Let 's face it -- the new "  science " of infidelity is just not very scientific . It certainly provides a convenient "  out " to deny personal responsibility , but anyone who buys this "  science " is missing out on the best parts of being human : the freedom that comes from self-control and the intimacy that can only come with commitment . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wendy Shalit .	Wendy Shalit says recent articles spin evolutionary theories to justify infidelity One says men more likely to cheat on breadwinner wives , but also on low-earning wives Another claims men "  hardwired " to cheat , she says ; a third says infidelity natural , as with apes Shalit : Infidelity "  science " a convenient excuse ; men 's better selves have self-control
CNN  -- Baltimore Colts defensive tackle Art Donovan , a hall of famer who spent his later years regaling television audiences with amusing anecdotes about his time in the NFL , has died . He was 88 . "  The world is not as bright tonight because we lost someone who could make us all smile , " Baltimore Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti said Sunday night . Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay also weighed in . "  Art Donovan . . RIP . . what a colorful,big-hearted man n Baller ! " Irsay said in a post to his official Twitter account . "  Tremendous contributor to early building of the greatest league n all of sports . " The Colts moved from Baltimore to Indianapolis in 1984 . The cause of Donovan 's death was not immediately disclosed . Storied career Donovan played in the NFL for 12 seasons , starting at age 26 after serving in World War II . He led the Colts to the world championship in 1958 and 1959 . The 340-pound defensive lineman also laced up his football cleats for the New York Yankees and Dallas Texans , both now defunct . Donovan played in five Pro Bowls and was selected All-NFL five consecutive years -- 1954 through 1958 . He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1968 . "  The Pro Football Hall of Fame is saddened to learn of the passing of Baltimore Colts great Art Donovan , " said Steve Perry , hall of fame president and executive director . "  Art was a true legend of professional football and he will be deeply missed . " Jovial and straightforward , Donovan appeared in TV commercials and co-wrote a book in 1987 with Bob Drury called "  Fatso : Football When Men Were Really Men . " During the book tour , Donovan appeared on "  Late Night with David Letterman " in 1988 . "  Have your read the book ? " Letterman asked . "  No , not really , " Donovan admitted to chuckles from the audience . "  Would you recommend that people buy this book ? " Letterman continued . "  I do n't know , I guess so , " the affable Donovan deadpanned . People we lost in 2013	Donovan played in NFL for 12 seasons He was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1968 Donovan led the Baltimore Colts to world championships in 1958 and 1959 The cause of Donovan 's death was not immediately disclosed
CNN  -- Penguins did n't always come in black and white , paleontologists said Thursday , citing the discovery of a 36-million-year-old fossil of a bird that , in its day , waddled nearly 5 feet tall . A specimen found in Peru showed that at least some of the giant penguin 's feathers were reddish brown and gray , said a University of Texas at Austin paleontologist who was the lead author of a paper appearing in Thursday 's online edition of the journal Science . The new species , "  Inkayacu paracasensis , " or "  Water King , " was bigger than the Emperor penguin , the largest living penguin now . "  Before this fossil , we had no evidence about the feathers , colors and flipper shapes of ancient penguins . We had questions and this was our first chance to start answering them , " paleontologist Julia Clarke said in a statement . The color pattern of living penguins is a more recent innovation , said scientists . The fossil shows the flipper and feather shapes that evolved early to make them such powerful swimmers . The fossil also has preserved evidence of scales and feathers . Bird feathers get some of their colors from the size , shape and arrangement of nanoscale structures called melanosomes , the report said . Modern penguins and the fossil differed in the formation of melanosomes . Inkayacu paracasensis was discovered in 2007 by Peruvian student Ali Altamirano in Paracas National Reserve , researchers said . The National Geographic Society , which along with the National Science Foundation , provided funding for the research , said it 's not exactly clear why modern penguins come in black and white . Perhaps it was a response to the rise of new penguin predators , such as seals , said Clarke , according to National Geographic . In a phenomenon called countershading , modern penguins ' white bellies camouflage the birds against the sky , at least from the vantage point of a swimming predator looking up . To a predator looking down , a penguin 's black back vaguely matches the dark depths below .	Fossil of giant penguin found in Peru Strong swimmer had reddish brown and gray feathers
CNN  -- A skydiving instructor on a tandem jump in Mississippi died and his student was critically injured after their parachutes failed to open , the Lamar County sheriff said Sunday . The body of James "  Jimmie " Horak , Jr. , 66 , was found Saturday in heavy mud in a swampy wooded area about a mile from the airport in Lumberton where they planned to land , Sheriff Danny Rigel said . The other person , whose name was not released , was in critical condition with broken bones and head injuries . Horak and the student were with a group of three others who jumped from the plane at the same time around midmorning Saturday , under sunny skies , Rigel said . Horak and the student were the only ones doing a tandem jump . The others noticed that Horak had had some kind of equipment trouble -- perhaps a problem with his lines -- but did n't appear to realize how serious it was until after they landed at the airport and the pair did n't emerge from the woods , Rigel said . Horak and the student landed on leased hunting land , and a hunting club member who knew the jumpers were missing then found them , Rigel said . Deputies had to carry Horak and the student for a "  considerable distance " to get them out of the woods , and the student was then airlifted to Forrest General Hospital in nearby Hattiesburg , Rigel said . The Federal Aviation Administration will inspect the parachutes to determine if they were properly rigged by a qualified parachute rigger , and if the parachute operation was in compliance with federal regulations , FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said . Local authorities will investigate the event and determine probable cause , she said . Horak 's cause of death wo n't be known until after an autopsy , likely to take place Monday , Rigel said . Horak , of Pensacola , Florida , is listed as an instructor with the Emerald Coast Skydiving Center in Elberta , Alabama , just across the Florida-Alabama state line . A different skydiving company , Gold Coast Skydivers , is based at the airport in Lumberton where Horak was supposed to land . It was n't immediately clear who organized Saturday 's jump . Neither company could be reached for comment Sunday . Woman on first date plunges to her death off 17th-floor balcony January : Two riding inside inflatable ball go over cliff	The parachutes failed to open during a jump in Mississippi The instructor 's body was found in heavy mud in a swampy , wooded area His student was found in critical condition and was airlifted to a hospital Others jumping with them noticed some kind of equipment trouble
New York  CNN  -- If she had been at the scene of the crime , forensic evidence would prove her guilt , but Amanda Knox says there is nothing -- no DNA , no hair , no footprints , no handprints -- to show she was there . Knox spoke in an exclusive interview with CNN on Thursday , two days after an Italian court released an explanation of her conviction . In a retrial , Knox and Raffaele Sollecito , her then-boyfriend , were found guilty in the 2007 death of Meredith Kercher , Knox 's onetime roommate . "  I did not kill my friend . I did not wield a knife . I had no reason to , " Knox said . "  In the month that we that we were living together , we were becoming friends . A week before the murder occurred , we went out to a classical music concert together ... We had never fought . " Knox struggled to speak at moments in the interview , seemingly overcome by emotion and thoughts of Kercher . But , for the most part , she was calm , collected and methodical in how she broke down arguments in the case . In its more than 300-page document , the Florence appeals court said a third person convicted in the murder , Rudy Guede , did not act alone , and cited the nature of the victim 's wounds . Ruling Judge Alessandro Nencini , who presided over the second appeal in the case , said Kercher and Knox disagreed over the payment of the rent in the house they shared in Perugia and that "  there was an argument then an elevation and progression of aggression . " Knox dismissed those allegations out of hand . "  If I were there , I would have traces of Meredith 's broken body on me . And I would have left traces of myself around -- around Meredith 's corpse , " she said . "  And I -- I am not there . And that proves my innocence . " ` I 'm not that person ' When asked what type of person Judge Nencini must think she is , Knox cited his report . "  He believes the prosecutor when the prosecutor describes me as a person who was capable of not only completely disturbing everyone around me , but then getting drugged up , " she said , trailing off . "  But I 'm not that person . And the evidence does n't show that . " She said she has been haunted by how people perceived her behavior in the immediate aftermath of the murder . Knox was filmed kissing Sollecito outside the murder scene . At the police station , she reportedly sat on Sollecito 's lap , making faces . She told Kercher 's friends she must have suffered . "  I think it 's true that people seemed to have had a kind of tunnel vision in my regard and that has been something that I 've been having to fight against for a long time , " Knox said . The Florence court in January said that Knox , who also was convicted of slander , was sentenced in absentia to 28 1/2 years in prison . Sollecito 's sentence was 25 years . They were first convicted of murder in 2009 , but those verdicts were overturned on appeal in 2011 . Claudio Hellman , the judge who tossed their convictions , has lashed out at colleagues . "  The Florence Appeal Court has written a script for a movie or a thriller book while it should have only considered facts and evidence . There is no evidence to condemn Knox and Sollecito , " said the judge in a scathing statement obtained by CNN . "  It 's a verdict that , seems to me , is the result of fantasy and has nothing to do with evidence . " Guede is the only person in jail for the slaying , and many aspects of the crime remain unexplained . ` It 's not a complex case ' Knox 's conviction has raised questions about her possible extradition to Italy to serve her sentence , since she was in the United States and did not attend the retrial . She gets one more appeal -- to Italy 's highest court . She said she thought the Florence appeals court would find her innocent , and was caught by surprise when it did n't . "  As this case has progressed , the evidence that the prosecution has claimed exists against me has been proven less and less and less . And all that has happened is that they 've filled these holes with speculation , " she said . Separately , Knox added : "  What I keep seeing in this case is trying to put an artificial complexity to it . It 's not a complex case . " If Italy 's highest court affirms her conviction , the country could ask for her to be sent back to Italy , where she spent four years in prison awaiting and during her first trial . U.S. authorities would then have to decide whether to extradite . Knox said she is hopeful such a scenario can be avoided and that her next appeal will be successful . She is optimistic her life in limbo will finally be resolved . "  From this whole experience , especially in prison where you have to take everything day by day , right now I 'm having to take everything step by step . And if I think about everything that I could possibly be facing , it 's way too overwhelming for me to even conceive , " Knox said . "  I truly believe that it is possible to win this , and to bring an end to all of the speculation and the nonsensical theories , and really bring peace to everyone who has suffered . " Chris Cuomo reported this story in New York . Dana Ford reported and wrote this story in Atlanta .	"  I truly believe that it is possible to win this , " Amanda Knox tells CNN She has one final appeal -- to Italy 's highest court Knox says holes in her case have been filled with speculation She was first convicted of her onetime roommate 's murder in 2009
CNN  -- It 's a number that even astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson is having a hard time wrapping his brilliant mind around . His Christmas Day tweet commemorating the birthday of Isaac Newton was retweeted more than 69,000 times as of this writing , making it the most popular of his Twitter career so far -- and , arguably , his most controversial . "  On this day long ago , a child was born who , by age 30 , would transform the world . Happy Birthday Isaac Newton b. Dec 25 , 1642 , " the StarTalk host tweeted . He followed it up with a nod to the commercialization of Christmas : "  Merry Christmas to all . A Pagan holiday  BC  becomes a Religious holiday  AD  . Which then becomes a Shopping holiday  USA  . " By then , he was on a roll . Earlier in the day , he tweeted , "  QUESTION : This year , what do all the world 's Muslims and Jews call December 25th ? ANSWER : Thursday . " His comments drew criticism and name-calling from various corners of the internet . "  Overly reductive , deliberately cynical and unnecessarily provocative , " one person said on Twitter . Another accused him of "  trolling Christmas today to show you how smart he is . " Tyson 's response to the controversy ? "  Imagine a world in which we are all enlightened by objective truths rather than offended by them . " Later Friday , Tyson pondered "  My Most Retweeted Tweet " in a Facebook post . He did not defend or disavow his comments . Instead , in true scientific form , he attempted to quantify their popularity compared to previous tweets . "  My sense in this case is that the high rate of re-tweeting , is not to share my enthusiasm of this fact , but is driven by accusations that the tweet is somehow anti-Christian , " he wrote . "  If a person actually wanted to express anti-Christian sentiment , my guess is that alerting people of Isaac Newton 's birthday would appear nowhere on the list . " According to his calculations , his average retweet rate falls between 2,500 and 3,500 . "  Fun " tweets can reach 10,000 while "  boring tweets barely break 1,000 . " The Newton Christmas Day tweet had surpassed 62,000 retweets by the time he posted his Facebook note on Friday . By Saturday evening , it had reached more than 69,000 . "  I wonder if you are as astonished by this fact as I am , " he wrote . For example , he directly referenced Jesus in previous tweets that did not spread nearly as far . By way of example , he offered the following , which earned more than 13,000 retweets : "  Some claim the USA is a Christian nation , compelling me to wonder which assault rifle Jesus would choose : the AR-15 or AK-47 . " He also addressed criticism that according to the calendar in use during Newton 's time , his birthday would fall on January 4 , 1643 . "  One last bit of historical fact . All of England was celebrating Christmas the day Newton was born . But the Gregorian Calendar  an awesomely accurate reckoning of Earth 's annual time  , introduced in 1584 by Pope Gregory , was not yet adopted in Great Britain . To do so required removing ten days from the calendar -- excess time that had accumulated over the previous 16 centuries from the mildly flawed Julian Calendar , introduced by Julius Caesar in 46 BC . These remnants of the turbulent schism between the Anglican and Catholic churches meant that Catholic Christendom was celebrating Christmas ten days earlier than anybody was in England . " Tyson closed his note with holiday wishes and a warning that he 'll be tweeting about Earth 's perihelion in the New Year . "  Just a head 's up in case people want to avert their eyes over that one . "	Neil deGrasse Tyson stirs controversy with Christmas Day tweets Tweet marking Isaac Newton 's birthday retweeted more than 62,000 times in less than two days Critics accuse him of "  trolling Christmas " to "  show you how smart he is "
Sanford , Florida  CNN  -- Federal prosecutors and the FBI have opened an investigation into the killing of an unarmed teen by a neighborhood watch volunteer in Florida . The death drew protesters Monday to the courthouse in Seminole County , north of Orlando , to demand justice for Trayvon Martin , the 17-year-old who was shot and killed last month while walking back to his father 's fiancee 's house in Sanford . The African-American teen 's parents said Monday that they believed race was a factor in their son 's death , and the Congressional Black Caucus had called for a federal investigation , saying local police have shown "  blatant disregard for justice . " Late Monday , the Justice Department said it would dispatch officials to Sanford to investigate and "  to address tension in the community . " "  The department will conduct a thorough and independent review of all of the evidence and take appropriate action at the conclusion of the investigation , " Justice Department spokeswoman Xochitl Hinojosa said in a written statement . "  The department also is providing assistance to and cooperating with the state officials in their investigation into the incident . " Florida Gov. Rick Scott also weighed in Monday evening , noting that the case has "  caused significant concern within the Sanford community and the state " and asking the Florida Department of Law Enforcement to provide "  any assistance necessary " to local investigators . The man who shot Trayvon , George Zimmerman , has not been charged . He told police he shot the teen in self-defense , and police say they have no evidence to refute his story . Trayvon 's father , Tracy Martin , told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " that his son 's death was "  a matter of profiling . " "  I think that 's an issue that Mr. Zimmerman himself considers as someone suspicious -- a black kid with a hoodie on , jeans , tennis shoes , " Martin said . "  Thousands of people wear that outfit every day , so what was so suspicious about Trayvon that Zimmerman felt as though he had to confront him ? " And the slain teen 's mother told NBC 's "  Today " show that the neighborhood watch captain "  was out there reacting to the color of his skin . " "  My son was n't doing anything but walking on the sidewalk , and I just do n't understand why this situation got out of control , " Sybrina Fulton said . CNN has made numerous attempts to contact Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , but have been unsuccessful . In a statement to the Orlando Sentinel , his father says Zimmerman grew up in a multiracial family and has moved out of his home after receiving death threats . And in announcing the federal probe , Hinojosa cautioned that bringing a civil rights case requires the government prove "  that a person acted intentionally and with the specific intent to do something which the law forbids -- the highest level of intent in criminal law . " At the Seminole County courthouse , a handful of student protesters and a law professor from Florida A&M University met with a representative of the state attorney 's office to discuss the ongoing investigation while protesters demanded Zimmerman 's arrest . Many carried signs in remembrance of Trayvon . "  Gone but not forgotten , " read one that had a picture of the young man wearing a football uniform . "  No justice for Trayvon . No peace for Sanford ! " read another . Assistant State Attorney Pat Whitaker told the students it would take several weeks to look at the case , but that the "  investigation of the Sanford police needs to be greatly supplemented , " Jasmine Rand , the FAMU professor , said after the meeting . The state attorney 's office also said a voice analysis would be conducted on 911 calls from the night of the shooting to determine who was yelling for help , students said . Zimmerman , 28 , called police around nightfall on February 26 to report a suspicious man in his neighborhood . "  Something 's wrong with him . Yep . He 's coming to check me out , " Zimmerman told a police dispatcher in a 911 call released Monday . "  He 's got something in his hands . I do n't know what his deal is . Send officers over here . " The teen started to run , Zimmerman reported . When he said he was following , the dispatcher told him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Shortly afterward , neighbors began calling 911 to report a fight , then a gunshot . By the time police arrived , Trayvon lay dead . He was carrying a bag of Skittles and an iced tea that he had purchased at a nearby convenience store , and was headed back to his father 's fiancee 's home . Martin said he 's "  positive " that his son 's voice that can be heard screaming for help in the neighbors ' calls . "  It 's heartwrenching , because those actually were my son 's last words , " he said . "  And to hear his last words being cries of help , is devastating . It tears me apart as a father . " CNN 's Roland S. Martin , Rick Martin , John Couwels , Vivian Kuo and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	The Justice Department has launched an investigation into the death of Trayvon Martin Florida governor 's asks the state to assist probe as well A neighborhood watch captain tells police he shot the teen in self-defense The 17-year-old was not armed when he was killed last month in Florida
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese authorities are holding an American man on suspicion of killing a female Irish exchange student in Tokyo , a police spokesman said Friday . Police charged a second American man with groping the dead woman 's friend . Nicola Furlong , 21 , died in a hotel room in the presence of one of the men last month , according to the Tokyo Metropolitan Police . The 19-year-old man , whom police declined to identify because he 's considered a minor under Japanese law , was arrested on suspicion of murder , a spokesman for the Tokyo police said Friday . The man , a musician , had been previously detained on suspicion of improperly touching Furlong 's friend , but was not charged with that offense . The police have 20 days to decide whether to charge him with murder . The other American man , James Blackston , 23 , has been charged with groping the friend , said Tsutomu Nakamura , his lawyer . Blackston , a dancer from the Los Angeles area , faces up to 10 years in prison if he is convicted . His lawyer said he is not guilty and will fight the charges . He is alleged to have improperly touched the woman during a taxi ride with Furlong and the 19-year-old man to the hotel where the victim died . Authorities have not said how the four ended up together , but Japanese media have reported that the women were attending a Nicki Minaj concert in Tokyo when they met the men and decided to accompany them to their hotel rooms . The hotel staff went to the room after customers complained of loud noises coming from it , police said . When the staff entered the room , they found Furlong unconscious in the company of the 19-year-old and called the fire department , according to authorities . The death is believed to be a result of suffocation by cervical compression , the police said . Furlong 's parish priest , the Rev. Jim Fitzpatrick , described her last month as an "  outgoing , bubbly sort of girl and very well liked . " He said she had been looking forward to coming home after being in Japan since October . Everyone in Furlong 's close-knit rural community , which has only 300 or 400 families , was devastated by the news of her death , according to the priest . "  When the death of a young person happens , everybody knows and is in some way involved or concerned , " Fitzpatrick said . "  When it happens in tragic circumstances and so far away from home , it has a double impact on people . " Her parents last spoke to her the day she died , he said . Police : Two Americans arrested after Irish woman 's death in Tokyo	Police decline to name the 19-year-old murder suspect because of his age Nicola Furlong , an Irish exchange student , was found dead in a Tokyo hotel A second American , James Blackston , is charged with groping the dead woman 's friend Blackston 's lawyer says his client is not guilty and will fight the charges
CNN  -- Many people fail to have great careers because they make excuses to avoid taking action . They dismiss the importance of passion to great careers by claiming that passionate people are abnormal . By contrast , in most people 's eyes , those who are normal only need to work hard and they will have at least a good career . But good jobs are disappearing , as bad and great jobs squeeze out the middle range . Hard work alone buys little advantage . The most common excuse is to use the importance of family and personal relationships as the reason to avoid the demands of a great career . But how can you be a great spouse , parent or friend by denying your true identity ? Without passion , no one can fully express their talent or define who they are . TED.com : Keep your goals to yourself Since pursuing your passion is a necessary -- but not sufficient -- condition for a great career , it becomes logically essential to find your passion as a starting point . Nevertheless , many people struggle to find their passions . What mistakes are they making ? Often they assume that finding one 's passion is a matter of luck . They see that some people found their passions as children . Often others seem to just trip over their passion as they move into adulthood . The process seems random and difficult to view as a methodical process of search . Yes , some are lucky . They have the luck of being born into a family in which a family member or friend shows them a domain that immediately engages them , or one that slowly sneaks up on them . In the absence of the lucky circumstance of their family , the search would have been longer and more challenging . TED.com : A kinder , gentler philosophy of success But notice that some who pursue a childhood or family "  interest " do so only as a convenient default choice . It was there and so they chose it to avoid further thought or uncertainty . It is hardly an interest , although they may speak of it very positively -- the better to tell themselves or others that they made a "  wise " choice . The majority of us do not have the advantage of circumstance , and therefore have no choice but to search for our passion . Many people fail to find their passion because they either fail to search methodically or search persistently . Some will simply not commit the time and energy to a search that can often be frustrating . In fact , they want their "  destiny " to find them ; they do not want to find it themselves . You can not find your passion idly staring into space , hoping for it to appear as a revelation , from one book , article , blog posting or casual conversation . TED.com : 4 lessons from robots about being human Those who search and find their passion place themselves in intensely stimulating environments , and stay there until the job is done . It can be intellectually exhausting . There are many such environments . Some read voraciously ; others seek out many people in many situations and engage them in intense conversation . Some do both . Others visit every major museum and gallery in North America . They find their passion by immersing themselves in human experience . But you can not just read , talk or experience . You must also have your mind in high gear . You must be fully engaged , reading and thinking to a purpose . You must be constantly saying to yourself about whatever book , fact , argument , person or experience is at hand : Why ? What if ? Why do n't they ? Yes , it is intense . And yes , too few are practiced in this art , no matter their level of education . But you will never find your passion in the modern way : by surfing or browsing . Recognize the superficiality implied by those words and by our impatient , thoughtless world . You will have to stand against the popular culture to find your passion . Too many do not have the independence of mind or force of commitment to do so . TED.com : Inventing is the easy part Take the time you need . Recognize your mind 's natural tendency to resolve its painful uncertainty by rushing to judgment , even to the judgment that it is time to give up . How will you recognize your passion when you encounter it ? Usually , it is quite easy . One moment you are reading in hopes of finding a topic of great interest ; then you find that you are reading and do not want to stop . Or you find yourself in a regular conversation , and you start talking with excitement about an idea . Or you find yourself in an activity and you lose track of time itself . The rule of passion is simple : the mind can not stop thinking about that which it loves . Your passion is what you would do even if you won the lottery . Even with a passion identified , there is a common pitfall . Some people find their passion , and then relying on no more than popular opinion , they dismiss the passion as one that "  can not be turned into a livelihood . " And they move on to try to find a second , more practical love . That is not necessarily a bad choice since one could certainly have more than one love . But before you look for a second love , you should creatively examine whether your first found love could support a career . Research the experiences of those who have found ways to pursue such livelihoods . Never take conventional wisdom as anything other than folklore , to be tested against your logic and experiences . Remember that passion is necessary for a great career , but it is not sufficient . There 's no magic here . Success also demands persistence , focus , discipline , independence of mind , resourcefulness , experimentation and high creativity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Larry Smith .	Larry Smith : Most people fail to have great careers because they make excuses He says people shun trying for greatness , saying it would harm their personal , family life He says great careers require people to find their passions and act on them Smith : Success also requires persistence , focus , discipline and resourcefulness
London , England  CNN  -- British Prime Minister Gordon Brown fought to hold on to his job Thursday in a debate against the two men who hope to replace him , David Cameron of the Conservative Party and Nick Clegg of the Liberal Democrats . But he lost the debate decisively , according to two snap polls . Cameron came first in both polls , with Clegg second and Brown third . But the debate performances do not seem to have changed voters ' minds about whom to back , according to one poll . Just over a third of voters say they favor the Conservatives , and the same number back the Liberal Democrats , according to the poll by ComRes for ITV News . Just under one-quarter prefer Labour , the poll suggests . Those numbers are essentially unchanged from the results after a similar debate last week . In this week 's debate , Brown repeatedly insisted that Cameron represents "  the same old Conservative party , " which would take money out of the economy for "  ideological reasons . " The Conservatives are ahead of Brown 's Labour party in most polls , but it 's not clear that the lead will be enough to give them a majority when voters cast ballots on May 6 . A confident-seeming Cameron fended off Brown 's attacks , saying time and again that Brown was wrong on the facts . "  David , you 've just got it wrong economically , " Brown said in one of the sharpest exchange , saying his party was "  the same old Conservative party of the 1930s and the 1980s and the 1990s . " "  Every leading business leader says we have got it right , " Cameron shot back . They crossed swords again about unemployment , with Brown warning "  we do n't want the labor market of the 1980s , " when the Conservatives were in power . "  It 's the same old Tories . " Cameron fired back that Brown does n't "  even know what country you 're prime minister of -- he 's caused record youth unemployment . " Full election coverage Brown continually shook his head as Cameron leveled criticism at the Labour Party , while Cameron tended to stare ahead into the studio audience when he came under attack . Clegg , whose Liberal Democrats are traditionally also-rans but are riding high on the back of their leader 's debate performances , struggled to appear relevant as the leaders of the two big parties traded barbs . "  The way they got us into this mess is not the way out , " he said , gesturing to the politicians on either side of him . The first half of the debate focused on the economy , one of the main concerns on voters ' minds . Members of the audience asked about government spending cuts , the fairness of the tax system , bankers ' bonuses , and how to rebuild the British manufacturing sector . The debate got even sharper in the second half when the hot-button issue of immigration came up . Cameron accused the Liberal Democrats of wanting an "  amnesty for illegal immigrants , " while Clegg shot back that the only politician who wanted that was the Conservative mayor of London , Boris Johnson . Voters across England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland cast ballots for 650 members of Parliament on May 6 . The party with the largest number of MPs traditionally gets the first chance to form the government . Either Labour or the Conservatives usually gets an absolute majority , but polls suggest the Liberal Democrats may capture enough seats to prevent one party from having more than half of the seats in Parliament . Quirks in the voting system mean that the party with the most votes does not always get the most seats . The last time no party got a majority , in 1974 , a new election was called within months . Labour has been in power in Britain since 1997 , first under Tony Blair , and under Brown since 2007 . The Conservatives governed Britain for 18 years before that .	British political rivals clash in final televised debate before May 6 election Snap polls hand victory to Conservative Party leader David Cameron PM Gordon Brown says Cameron represents "  same old Conservatives " Cameron on economy : "  Every leading business leader says we have got it right "
Washington  CNN  -- A gun recovered from this month 's shooting at the Pentagon was once in the possession of the Memphis Police Department , a law enforcement official told CNN . Memphis , Tennessee , police seized the Ruger 9 mm handgun during a traffic stop in 2005 and in 2008 traded it to a distributor in Georgia . It passed through a distributor in Pennsylvania and a dealer in Las Vegas , Nevada , before being sold at a gun show , after which the trail goes cold . Memphis Mayor A.C. Wharton , a Democrat , said he would review the Police Department 's practice of selling or trading guns in police possession , in spite of the revenue it brings . "  I just do n't want our city having any role in getting a confiscated gun back on the streets , " he told CNN affiliate WREG on Sunday . Authorities say John Patrick Bedell , 36 , of California , armed with two 9 mm handguns , shot and wounded two security guards outside the Pentagon on March 4 before he was fatally shot . Bedell had repeatedly tangled with police and had been institutionalized at least three times for mental problems , according to California authorities . Some cities destroy weapons that come into their possession . A former New York Police Department official said the city sends as many as 20,000 guns a year to be smelted for scrap metal . But a bill signed on the same day as the Pentagon shooting bars Tennessee police from destroying contraband guns . It says they must either sell such weapons or use them unless a police official "  certifies to the court the weapon is inoperable or unsafe . " Police in Memphis also once possessed the gun used in January shootings at a Las Vegas , Nevada , courthouse , according to the law enforcement official . As reported first by the Associated Press , the shotgun used in that attack , which killed an officer Stanley Cooper , was confiscated in 1998 in Memphis and handed over to county officials . The Shelby County Sheriff 's Office traded it to a gun store in Massachusetts several years ago , and it was shipped to a store in Arizona and eventually sold to someone at a gun show . Shelby County sheriff 's spokesman Steve Shular said trading confiscated guns for upgraded weapons is an efficient way to get adequate equipment for officers protecting the public at a time when law enforcement is asked to make cutbacks in personnel and operating expenses . He added that now , Shelby County trades only used law enforcement weapons , not confiscated weapons . Wharton said the revenue from trade-ins is not worth it . "  You ask the people in Vegas , and ask those officers at the Pentagon : Was it worth $ 100,000 for those guns to be used against them ? " Gun rights advocate Larry Pratt of Gun Owners of America said it does n't matter whether a gun has passed through the hands of a police department if it is sold legally . "  It 's no different for a law enforcement agency to sell its guns than it is for a private dealer to sell its guns , " Pratt said . "  They 're both going to be going into the private market . " Memphis police spokeswoman Karen Rudolph said her department would have a hard time controlling what happens to weapons after they are traded . "  It is an unfortunate coincidence , and not within the control of the Memphis Police Department , that the firearms used in both of these high-profile incidents were not properly and legally distributed after being legally obtained by federally licensed law enforcement weapons dealers , " Rudolph said . The suspects in neither the Las Vegas attack nor the Pentagon case were eligible to buy a gun at a store . In the Las Vegas case , suspect Johnny Wicks would have been ineligible because of a prior felony conviction . Bedell , who had a history of mental illness , failed a background check when he tried to buy a gun in Sacramento , California , his family said . He received a letter from the California attorney general 's office in January saying he could not buy a gun because of his history . Because both guns were sold at gun shows , where records and background checks are not required , authorities are uncertain how either weapon ultimately got into the hands of the suspects . While some cities are selling guns , cities including Miami , Florida ; Boston , Massachusetts ; and Oakland , California , have mounted efforts to buy guns from the public . A federal gun buyback initiative , begun under President Clinton , ended under President George W. Bush amid debate over its effectiveness . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	Official : Memphis , Tennessee , police seized gun during traffic stop in 2005 Gun , traded to distributor in 2008 , recovered at Pentagon shooting this month Memphis mayor : I 'll review Police Department 's practice of selling or trading guns Sheriff 's spokesman : Trading for upgraded weapons is efficient way to get equipment
CNN  -- A lone saxophonist plays in the shadow of an overpass while a horde of cyclists looks down at a set of tangled train tracks . This outwardly gloomy spot is as good a place as any to begin a cycling tour of the "  Berlin Wall Trail , " a 160-kilometer  99-mile  path developed to commemorate and transform one of the darkest chapters of the city 's past . Once a popular location for defectors because East German trains cut through a corner of the Western zone , it was here on November 9 , 1989 , that tens of thousands of people overwhelmed an official checkpoint after a bureaucratic error led to the opening of the border . Divided by mapmakers into 14 sections that vary from seven to 21 miles in length , the Wall Trail , or "  Mauerweg , " traces the entire path of the Wall . Built in 1961 , the Wall divided the city by surrounding West Berlin , for decades following the partitioning of Germany after World War II an island of freedom behind the Iron Curtain . ` Culture , politics and nature ' The Wall Trail is a unique combination of tourist attraction and recreational zone , says Michael Cramer , the Green Party politician and cycling enthusiast who conceived the plan in the early 1990s and is now working on a Europe-spanning Iron Curtain Trail , inspired by the Wall route 's success . "  It 's a ride through history , culture , politics and nature , " he says . That feeling hits home as I pedal across the Mauerpark to the Wall memorial on Bernauer Strasse , where a watchtower and a section of the barren "  death strip " have been preserved unchanged . While Cramer 's scheme might seem an obvious venture now , it was n't easy in the beginning . Berliners hated the Wall so much that many people wanted every trace of it obliterated . In 1989 and 1990 , souvenir hunters were carting it away so fast that the government had to shift from demolition to conservation practically overnight . With experts forecasting an unprecedented population boom , real estate developers were eying the former "  death strip " as keenly as East Germany 's notorious Stasi security agents ever had . "  At that time , all the politicians and the media said , ` No , no , we want to erase the Wall , ' " Cramer says . "  But 10 years later , in 2000 , we were successful . " Completed in 2009 at a cost of some 10 million euros  $ 13.4 million  , today the trail appeals to all types of cyclists . Bike-friendly public transport Every section is accessible by Berlin 's bike-friendly public transportation system , so cyclists can pick and choose from various sights and terrain . It 's flat and paved , so it does n't take an athlete 's fitness to hack it , and an ordinary city bike or single-gear , hipster 's "  fixie " serves as well as something fancier . Better still , even though it attracts thousands of visitors every year , it never gets crowded , says Martin "  Wollo " Wollenberg , who heads a tour company called Berlin-on-Bike . "  As you experience the Wall zig-zagging through the city , you get a feeling for the separation , " Wollenberg says . "  In a lot of places , the difference between East and West is still quite vivid . " For tourists new to Berlin , about 25 miles of the trail runs through the heart of the city . Passing not only the Bernauer Strasse documentation center but also the Reichstag , Brandenburger Gate , Checkpoint Charlie and many other important historical sites , it makes an excellent route for a leisurely four-hour guided tour . Meanwhile , for more committed cyclists , in former western districts such as Kladow and Wannsee , the path doubles as a nature trail , cutting through forests . Regular rows of plantation pines make the former death strip easy to identify . At 29 different sites along the path , memorial placards tell the stories of some of the nearly 250 "  victims of the Wall , " such as Peter Bohme , a 19-year-old cadet in East Germany 's National People 's Army who was shot trying to escape to West Berlin in 1962 . Signposts at regular intervals make it well nigh impossible to get lost , and every section has something to spark the traveler 's interest -- the bridge where captured spies were exchanged , a former watchtower now used by the forest brigade or the famous Church of Our Savior whose walls once formed part of the fortifications . Riders are never more than a mile or two from the nearest beer garden . How to ride the wall For do-it-yourselfers , bicycle rental runs about $ 10 per day , with outlets ubiquitous throughout the city . Visit Berlin offers free pamphlets with complete maps of the 14 sections of the trail and brief descriptions -- though only the German version was available when I visited . The same material is available online . Cramer 's "  Berlin Wall Trail : Cycling Guide " can be picked up for about $ 10 online or at the souvenir shop at the Berlin Wall Documentation Centre on Bernauer Strasse . Berlin on Bike 's "  Wall Tour " covers 15 kilometers of the Wall Trail in about four hours . The company 's English - and German-speaking guides provide information about the building and destruction of the Wall and life in East Germany . At $ 14 plus $ 5 for bicycle rental , it 's worth considering even for those planning to do the rest of trail solo . An award-winning journalist and travel writer , Jason Overdorf 's byline has appeared in The Washington Post and The Atlantic . He 's also the Berlin correspondent for GlobalPost . CNN Travel series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	The Berlin Wall Trail runs for 99 miles along the frontier that once divided the city Completed in 2009 at a cost of $ 13.4 million dollars , the trail attracts all types of cyclists All 14 sections of the trail are connected by public transportation Numerous beer gardens lie close to the route
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- They poured in to Los Angeles from places far-flung , an army of Michael Jackson fans hoping to collectively mourn their idol in a massive ceremony at the Staples Center downtown Tuesday . A fan leaves a note on a Michael Jackson memorial outside the Staples Center in Los Angeles . The singer 's memorial service Tuesday will be a star-studded affair , with singers Mariah Carey , Usher and Stevie Wonder among the participants , according to an announcement released on behalf of the Jackson family . Also participating in the event will be basketball stars Kobe Bryant and Magic Johnson , and singers Jennifer Hudson , John Mayer and Smokey Robinson , the family said . The Rev. Al Sharpton and Martin Luther King III will be among others taking part . Ken Ehrlich , known for producing the Grammy Awards , is producing the memorial show , his company said . Kenny Ortega , who was to have co-directed Jackson 's series of concerts in London , England , this summer , will direct it . Mayer posted on Twitter on Monday afternoon saying "  I 'm going not to ` perform ' but to contribute . " "  I 'm honored to have been asked to play at MJ 's memorial service . I will be representing all of us who ca n't be there , " Mayer tweeted . "  Going to say goodbye from all us kids . " One notable who wo n't be attending : longtime Jackson friend Elizabeth Taylor , who put out a message on Twitter that she "  can not be part of the public whoopla . " "  I just do n't believe that Michael would want me to share my grief with millions of others , " Taylor tweeted . "  How I feel is between us . Not a public event . " "  I love him too much , " she added , "  and I can not guarantee that I would be coherent to say a word . " Debbie Rowe , Jackson 's former wife and the mother of his two oldest children , will not attend the memorial service , her lawyer Marta Almli said Monday . "  Although Debbie had originally planned to attend tomorrow 's Staples Center memorial service , we have concluded with Debbie that she will not be attending , " a statement from Almli said . "  The onslaught of media attention has made it clear her attendance would be an unnecessary distraction to an event that should focus exclusively on Michael 's legacy . Debbie will continue to celebrate Michael 's memory privately . " Fans without tickets to the memorial are being asked to stay away from downtown Los Angeles and watch the service on television . Details : See who will be there , map of area " The family decided to provide a free live video feed to networks so it would be televised everywhere . "  Everything about the memorial has to do with accommodating as many fans as possible , " Ken Sunshine , the Jackson family spokesman , said . While Jackson 's family remains tight-lipped about the singer 's burial arrangements , sources told CNN that relatives will hold a private gathering at the Forest Lawn cemetery in Los Angeles Tuesday morning ahead of the public service . The California Highway Patrol will escort their motorcade , the sources said . The gathering is scheduled for 8 a.m.  11 a.m. ET  -- two hours before the service at the Staples Center arena . Cemetery officials have not commented on the matter . While there are five Forest Lawn cemeteries in the Los Angeles area , media trucks and crews have been parked at the gate of the Hollywood Hills facility for several days in anticipation of Jackson 's possible interment there . Fans claim tickets On Monday , fans chosen by random lottery for Jackson 's memorial began arriving at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles to pick up their tickets . Full story Los Angeles Police Capt. Bill Murphy said the distribution process was going smoothly . One person tried to pass off a photocopied voucher ; he was ejected , Murphy said . The 8,750 fans have until 6 p.m. PT to claim their tickets . iReport.com : "  Surreal journey " to get Jackson tickets Each winner gets two tickets , bringing the number awarded in the lottery to 17,500 . Just 11,000 of those are for seats inside the Staples Center . The other 6,500 would be for viewing the memorial telecast at the adjacent Nokia Theater . AEG Live , the promoter of Michael Jackson 's London shows , owns and operates both venues . Deka Motanya , 27 , who works in a doctor 's office in San Francisco , scrambled Sunday night to line up plane tickets so she and her boyfriend could fly to Los Angeles on Monday . "  Oh , yeah , I 'm going , " she said . "  I 'm e-mailing my boss saying I 've got to leave early because I 'm going to L.A. " Executors control Jackson 's assets A Los Angeles Superior Court judge granted control of Jackson 's assets to the executors of his will Monday . The executors -- John Branca , Jackson 's longtime personal attorney , and John McClain , a music industry executive and longtime friend -- had sought immediate control of the entertainer 's assets at a hearing before Judge Mitchell Beckloff . The judge appointed the men as special administrators until another hearing August 3 . He said they will be responsible for protecting the estate from immediate losses . The men can enter into new ventures only with court approval , Beckloff said . Jackson died June 25 . Since the next day , his mother , Katherine , has been administering the assets . Lawyers for Jackson 's mother objected to Beckloff 's decision , saying that "  irreparable damage " could be done to the estate if Branca is allowed to take control . "  To award unfettered control to the other side would not serve justice , " said attorney Burt Levitch . Katherine Jackson 's lawyers argued that Branca was removed from several critical roles by Jackson after the signing of the will . They argued that the removal from those business roles should also exclude Branca as executor . "  Quite frankly , Mrs. Jackson has concerns about handing over the keys to the kingdom , " Levitch said . But Branca 's lawyer , Paul Hoffman , said Branca had represented Jackson off and on since he was 21 , that he was his lawyer at the time the will was written and that he was rehired in mid-June . Branca represented Jackson from 1980 until 2006 and was hired again before the singer 's death . He helped acquire Jackson 's music catalog , which is worth millions . McClain is a longtime Jackson friend who has worked with him and his sister Janet . The judge ruled that Michael Jackson felt strongly enough about these executors to name them in his will . He required the two men to acquire a $ 1 million bond to insure their work as executors . The judge said he hopes the two sides can come to an agreement -- a "  free flow of information " -- by August 3 . Hoffman said the two sides met for four hours over the weekend but were unable to reach "  an acceptable accommodation . " In their filing for control of the estate , the men said it would allow them to tend to Jackson 's numerous outstanding debts , legal cases and business obligations . At a hearing Wednesday , Beckloff had appointed Katherine Jackson the temporary administrator . Levitch said Monday that a second will has surfaced and that it was written in 1997 . The lawyer said that he has n't looked at it and that it was given to the court for safekeeping . However , the 1997 document will have no bearing unless the later one is discredited , which the lawyers do n't expect . CNN 's Linda Hall , Nicole Saidi and Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	Elizabeth Taylor and Debbie Rowe , Jackson 's former wife , not attending memorial Musicians , famed athletes slated for Michael Jackson memorial Private gathering expected to be held at 8 a.m. PT Tuesday
CNN  -- It 's the staple of almost every kung fu action film ever made : the hero is targeted for revenge after teaching the deadly and closely guarded secrets of the martial art to outsiders and , even worse , foreigners . But ask Lam Chun-fai Sifu -- the 73-year-old practitioner of the 300-year-old kung fu style known as Hung Kuen -- and he will tell you that making the martial art accessible to foreigners is the only way to save it from extinction . The son of a student to Wong Fei Hung , one of the legends of the fighting style and the subject of countless films , Lam Sifu  sifu is a Cantonese term that means ` master '  says the fighting art may be growing fast overseas , but struggles in the region where it was born . To counter the decline , he has co-authored the world 's first English-language manual on the ancient kung fu style that he has taught for 60 years and has been his family 's trademark for more than three generations . Called Hung Kuen Fundamentals : Fok Fu Kuen , the manual outlines scores of moves and stances that were hitherto only taught and transmitted orally . While there are dozens of fighting styles in kung fu  the northern styles represented by fast , high kicks and rapid , fluid movements  , Hung Kuen is a southern Chinese fighting art characterised by strong stances and fast footwork . One practitioner famously destroyed the bamboo planks in a demonstration platform simply by shifting his feet in the ` hard stances ' of Hung Kuen . Lam Sifu , meanwhile , teaches a steady stream of foreigners the ancient fighting art in the cramped living room of his tiny apartment on the 7th floor of a tenement block in Hong Kong 's North Point . In terms of Hong Kong kung fu , it 's about as traditional as it gets , right down to the name ` Di Dat Clinic ' which translates as ` Hit Fall Clinic ' ; a name unchanged from the days when kung fu masters , so used to treating the training accidents of their students , were the first stop for neighborhood trauma injuries and broken bones . Using a spear against his sword-wielding son Oscar , Lam Sifu is a blur of threshing weapons amid the armchairs , ornaments and computer printers in his urban home . "  Training in a small area like this is very good for control , " he says in a space so cramped it looks like two men having a knife fight in a telephone booth . For his long-standing foreign students -- Hung Kuen teachers from Italy , the Czech Republic and Germany -- the turn of fighting speed still draws a gasp of admiration . "  Many students in Italy like traditional kung fu and especially this style which is the origin of the martial art , " said Massimo Iannaccone , who runs an academy in Rome but perfects the art in Lam Sifu 's living room on trips to Hong Kong . Pavel Adamek , who teaches Hung Kuen in Prague , Czech Republic , says his students are drawn as much by the Eastern philosophy associated with the martial art as they are by learning a fighting style . "  It 's very popular in the Czech Republic -- people there are really looking for something more than fighting arts . They want to train their bodies and their minds -- this style is really very good for that , " he said . While there may be more dedicated practitioners overseas than in Hong Kong , Lam Sifu 's co-author Hing Chao , who also studies the Hung Kuen style , said that the form remains a potent cultural symbol in Hong Kong . "  It 's rooted in a very specific Hong Kong identity as well , " Hing said . Both he and Lam Sifu believe the style is so important as a cultural symbol , the government should recognize it as part of Hong Kong 's intangible cultural heritage . Hing , who has studied the interaction between the media , entertainment and the martial arts , says that Hollywood sometimes gives a lopsided view of Chinese martial arts , focusing on various personalities such as Ip Man , Bruce Lee 's famous teacher , to the exclusion of all other equally famous teachers and styles . Despite this , he says its popularization in film sometimes unconsciously transmits positive aspects of kung fu culture . "  Besides the fighting , one of the reasons that Bruce Lee has been such a global celebrity until to today is because a lot of messages strike a chord and resonate among the marginalized , " Hing says . "  Why would , for instance , a Black African community in the U.S. look on Bruce Lee as a hero ? Because embedded in these films are messages of righteousness . Of someone who is disadvantaged but through dedication to kung fu can become empowered and through his own empowerment help the rest of the community . "  This is very positive and I would say the Bruce Lee path represents one of the best interactions between film and martial arts -- it 's something we do n't often see these days . " While foreigners may be beating a path to the kung fu clinic 's door , local interest in Hong Kong is only just gaining ground after a long hiatus . Lam Sifu says modern distractions like videogames are sapping young people of the ability to focus on demanding martial art forms like Hung Kuen which can require learning as many as 300 movements in a single set . "  These days pupils ca n't stand any hardship . They say practicing is tiring and they give up easily , " he says .	Masters of a southern Chinese style of kung fu have published the first manual in English The style known as Hung Kuen emphasises strong foundation stances and footwork Lam Chun-fai Sifu is a direct descendant of kung fu legend Wong Fei Hung He says the manual will help save the martial art - which has more foreign practitioners - from extinction
CNN  -- Firefighters on Friday battled a massive wildfire that has so far claimed more than 100 homes in northern Colorado . The High Park Fire has scorched more than 52,000 acres , forced thousands of people to flee and claimed at least one life . The blaze was 15 % contained Friday , up from 10 % on Wednesday . Nick Christensen , an executive officer with the Larimer County Sheriff 's Office , said Friday that 112 homes have been destroyed . Many burned days ago , but authorities are just starting to get into the affected areas to assess the damage , he said . That figure is expected to rise . "  It 's really not just a list of numbers ; these are stories . Each one of these represents a family that 's been displaced from their home -- that may have lost some family heirlooms , some photos , possessions , kids ' toys , " Christensen said . "  It 's really devastating and sad . " At least one of the homes belonged to a Larimer County Sheriff 's Office employee , he said . First measured at two acres early last Saturday , the High Park Fire -- which officials say was caused by lightning -- has since grown exponentially . It is about 15 miles west of Fort Collins , Colorado . Hundreds of firefighters have arrived from across the United States to help local departments . Besides the main blaze , they are also battling a 200-acre spot fire , which broke out just north of the burn area . Helicopters flew back and forth Friday , dousing the flames with water . Complicating firefighters ' efforts was a thunderstorm , which brought little rain , but kicked up strong winds , said Brett Haberstick , an incident command spokesman . "  The higher humidities definitely help . It reduces the opportunity for fire to spread . The wind , however , is not a good opportunity , " he said . Incident meteorologist Dave Lipson forecast a similar thunderstorm Saturday . Sunday should be calm , but Monday and Tuesday could bring gusts of up to 50 miles per hour on exposed ridges , he said .	The fire has scorched more than 52,000 acres west of Fort Collins , Colorado It is 15 % contained A 200-acre spot fire flares nearby
CNN  -- Sarah Palin is stirring the pot , suggesting she might seek office again . "  I 've considered it because people have requested me to consider it . But , I 'm still waiting to see what the lineup will be and hoping that -- there again , there will be some new blood , new energy , " she told radio host Sean Hannity on Tuesday . No , she 's not thinking about the 2016 presidential race -- yet . This time , she 's eyeing next year 's U.S. Senate race in Alaska , where Democrat Mark Begich is seeking a second term . Begich : Alaskans do n't like quitters Several Republicans have already announced their intentions to run , including Joe Miller , who ran a spirited but unsuccessful race for Senate in 2010 , and Lt. Gov. Mead Treadwell . Both have been in touch with the National Republican Senatorial Committee in Washington to discuss their bids . Palin and her advisers have not . In fact , Republican sources say that members of Palin 's team have insinuated that the former governor may be willing to support a candidate already in the race . Of course , Palin has made bashing the Republican establishment into a blood sport and likely would n't seek Washington-based help , anyway . Palin to GOP establishment : ` You disrespect Hispanics ' "  Most Republicans would realize running against Sarah Palin in a primary is like running into a buzz saw . She 's got a financial advantage and a grassroots advantage that would be very tough to compete with , " National Review Online 's Jim Geraghty adds . But there are reasons to doubt she 's serious about a run . For one thing , the Republican right urged her to wage a primary challenge against Sen. Lisa Murkowski in 2010 , but she opted against it . She also resigned Alaska 's governorship in 2009 before completing a full term . "  Notice , this is not hiring staff , this is not any of the things that a real run would involve . This is just kind of an idle comment to Hannity , " Geraghty says of Palin 's recent actions . Palin is also not doing any of the things she did to grab headlines like when she was considering a presidential run two years ago , like publicizing slickly produced campaign-style videos and launching a whirlwind cross-country bus tour . In October 2011 , she finally explained that she had decided against a national run because , "  I 've concluded that I believe I can be an effective voice in a real decisive role in helping get true public servants elected to office . " And now as she flirts with a Senate run , she has to deal with a new reality : Her popularity in Alaska has tumbled . Several private polls obtained from Republican sources indicate she 's one of the least-liked politicians in the state . What 's more , Palin is raking in the bucks giving high-profile speeches at conservative functions and appearing on Fox News . And her family is starring in various reality shows . As a U.S. senator , those paychecks would disappear . Yet , Palin loves nothing more than to stay relevant . "  My goal right now is to keep people inspired and empowered , " she told CNN in June . Palin embraces SNL sketch , dishes out her own humor What she may be toying with is the uncomfortable concept that she 's not the GOP 's only bright young star anymore . These days , there are plenty of energetic conservatives capturing the party 's imagination that may make her fight for newsy buzz , like Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , Sen. Mike Lee of Utah , Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin , Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , among others . "  If she runs , it 's going to instantly become the most covered , the most scrutinized , the most hotly debated Senate race of the 2014 cycle , " Geraghty said . American Conservative Union chairman Al Cardenas said Republicans have a 50-50 chance of taking the majority back in the Senate in next year 's midterm elections , and said it 's an even more significant possibility if Palin runs for the Alaska seat . "  If she runs , all the odds are off the table , " he said . "  She would win a general election . " But what about the growing chorus of Republicans who say they would rather see her leave the party than create any new buzz ? "  The benefits of having her as a U.S. senator and helping us get back the majority so far outweigh any distractions that might be caused , " Cardenas said . He added that there are a number of young , outspoken Republicans in the Senate who help the GOP spread its message and "  she will be one more such member . " And until she decides , political watchers should buckle up , because she 'll get plenty of attention . Palin has until June 2 , 2014 , to file paperwork to run .	Former GOP VP nominee Sarah Palin is considering a run for Senate in 2014 Observer : Running against Palin in a primary is "  like running into a buzz saw " Palin 's popularity in Alaska has tumbled If she decides to run , she 'd challenge Democratic incumbent Sen. Mark Begich
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff on Friday vetoed 12 articles of a controversial forest bill approved by Congress last month , which was promoted by the powerful agriculture lobby but slammed by environmentalists . The legislation updates the complex Forest Code , regulating how much and what kind of land should be maintained as native forest and how much can be cleared for ranching and agriculture . Rousseff 's decision comes less than a month before Rio de Janeiro is due to host a high-profile U.N. summit on sustainable development . Many Brazilians had pushed for a complete veto , staging protests across the county and collecting 1.9 million signatures for a petition . Instead , Rousseff opted for line-item vetoes of articles that many said would grant amnesty to those who had illegally cleared land . She vetoed sections that would have eliminated reforestation requirements and sharply reduced the area around water sources that must be maintained as forest . The Amazon rainforest covers a huge area , roughly half as large as the United States , with about 60 % of it in Brazil . It is estimated that nearly a fifth of the Brazilian forest has been lost since 1970 , but over the past decade , authorities cracked down on clear-cutting , reducing the rate of deforestation by 80 % . Rainforest home to vast treasury of life Former environment minister and presidential candidate Marina Silva has been a loud critic of the bill . "  It 's a setback without precedent after the 23 years of progress we 've made , " she said . Sen. Katia Abreu , who represents the agriculture and ranching lobby , said the question of reforesting around rivers is more complicated than it appears . "  There are a lot of people who only have a tiny plot of land which is entirely inside the river margins , " she said . "  What are they going to do with those people ? How are they going to reimburse them ? " For years , the Brazilian government encouraged settlers to slash and burn forests in the sparsely populated center , north and west of the country for farming and ranching . Over three decades , Brazil went from being a food importer to an agricultural powerhouse . The new Forest Code has been an attempt to reach a compromise for farmers and environmentalists .	Forest Code regulates how much land should be maintained as native forest Congress approved updates last month that were slammed by environmentalists President vetoes articles that would have eliminated reforestation requirements
Seattle , Washington  CNN  -- The suspect in Sunday 's fatal shooting of four police officers was shot and killed early Tuesday by an officer after the suspect approached him and "  reached into his waist area , " authorities said in a statement . Although the medical examiner has not formally identified the man shot and killed in south Seattle about 2:45 a.m. , detectives recognized him as Maurice Clemmons , sought in the killings of four Lakewood , Washington , police officers shot Sunday at a coffee shop , Seattle police said in the written statement . Pierce County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Ed Troyer said earlier Tuesday that Clemmons was carrying a weapon taken from one of the slain officers and had been shot in the abdomen in Sunday 's shooting at the Forza Coffee Company in Parkland , Washington . He had had stuffed gauze and cotton into the wound and put duct tape over it , Troyer said Tuesday . Clemmons had been the subject of an intense manhunt for two days . Two people accused of helping Clemmons evade authorities , brothers Eddie and Douglas Davis , appeared in court Tuesday . Both are charged with rendering criminal assistance , a felony . A man who police believe is the getaway car driver was also in custody , along with a second man . Neither has been charged . The men accused of trying to help Clemmons provided medical aid , housing , a cell phone and money and were trying to get him out of the state , Troyer said earlier Tuesday . They also called in false leads to police to divert investigators . Early Tuesday , a patrol officer saw an unoccupied car in south Seattle that was running and had its hood up , police said . He determined the car was stolen and was doing paperwork in his vehicle when he saw a man approach his patrol car from behind on the driver 's side , the statement said . The officer got out of the car and ordered the man to stop and show his hands , but the man refused , the statement said . Follow local coverage on CNN affiliate KIRO-TV "  As the officer was drawing his gun , the suspect reached into his waist area and moved , " the police statement said . "  The officer fired several times , striking the suspect at least twice . " He was pronounced dead at the scene . The officer is a four-year member of the Seattle police force and is a military veteran , police said . He will be placed on administrative leave , which is standard procedure after a shooting involving an officer . Authorities said they regretted the shooting death but are glad the two-day ordeal is over . "  Right now , it 's just a feeling of relief , " said Jim Pugil , the assistant Seattle police chief . "  Another tragic time has come upon us , and we 're just happy that it 's over . " Additional arrests in the case are likely , Troyer said Tuesday . "  I am thankful the suspect in this horrible crime is no longer a threat to our community , " Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire said in a statement . "  I hope this provides some closure for the families and colleagues of our fallen officers . ... We should now focus our attention on providing comfort and support to those who have lost a loved one . " Clemmons had made comments before Sunday 's shootings that he was going to kill some officers -- comments that were not reported to authorities until after the shootings -- but officials believe he was the lone gunman . "  We do n't think anyone helped him plan this murder , " Troyer said . The manhunt for Clemmons began Sunday after the four Lakewood officers -- three men and a woman -- were gunned down while meeting at the coffee shop before their shifts began . Clemmons was an ex-convict with a long rap sheet in Washington and Arkansas , according to authorities and documents . Clemmons slipped away from a home in Seattle 's Leschi neighborhood Sunday night before police surrounded the residence for about 12 hours . He was not found in the home when investigators moved in Monday morning , Seattle police spokesman Jeff Kappel said . Officials said Tuesday that they missed him by mere minutes . Clemmons was accused of child rape and assaulting a police officer in May . He had been released on $ 150,000 bail five days before the shootings , according to court records . After his arrest , Clemmons ' sister told police that he "  had not been himself lately " and that his behavior was "  unpredictable and erratic . " "  He had said that the Secret Service was coming to get him because he had written a letter to the president , " an affidavit quoted her as telling investigators . In addition , neighbors had complained that he had been throwing rocks through their windows . Clemmons ' wife told deputies that she and her husband had argued over a "  newly discovered child , " and she suggested that was why he went on his rock-throwing spree , according to an arrest affidavit . In 2000 , then-Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee commuted a prison sentence for Clemmons , according to documents from the Arkansas Department of Community Correction . Clemmons was sentenced to 95 years , to be served consecutive to time he was already serving from previous convictions , according to the documents . In all , he faced a total of 108 years , Arkansas officials said . He returned to prison in 2001 and was paroled in 2004 . Sunday 's shooting was the first for the Lakewood Police Department , which was created five years ago for the town of nearly 60,000 . The slain officers were identified as Sgt. Mark Renninger , 39 ; Officer Ronald Owens , 37 ; Officer Tina Griswold , 40 ; and Officer Greg Richards , 42 . All of them were parents and had been with the department since its inception . "  My worst nightmare has come true , " said Tiffany Ryan , Griswold 's sister . "  I ca n't tell you how painful it is to lose my sister . " Police said the gunman walked past the officers to the counter as if to order but then pulled a gun out of his coat and began shooting at 8:15 a.m. Two of the officers were "  executed " as they sat at a table , Troyer said . Another was shot when he stood up , and the fourth was shot after struggling with the gunman all the way out the door , Troyer said . Officials said Tuesday they know which officer shot him but were withholding that information pending conclusive confirmation . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann , Dan Simon , Dave Alsup , Dina Majoli and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Police : Officer fired gun after suspect approached and reached toward waist Maurice Clemmons had been sought in killings of four police officers Slain suspect had abdominal wound , victim 's gun , police say At least three accused of helping Clemmons elude police
CNN  -- A man accused of shooting two soldiers at a military recruiting center in 2009 pleaded guilty Monday to the crime and received a sentence of life in prison without parole . Abdulhakim Muhammad , formerly known as Carlos Bledsoe , was charged with killing Pvt. William Long , 23 , and wounding Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula , 18 . The attack happened June 1 , 2009 , outside a recruiting center in Little Rock , Arkansas . Muhammad faced 12 charges in total -- capital murder , attempted capital murder and 10 counts of unlawful discharge of a firearm from a vehicle -- according to Stephanie Harris , a spokeswoman with the state court system . In Arkansas , defendants can not plead guilty in a case in which the death penalty is a possibility . Prosecutors agreed to drop the death penalty in exchange for Muhammad 's plea , Harris said . A Muslim convert from Memphis , Tennessee , Muhammad was 23 at the time of the fatal shooting . He was angry at the U.S. military because of "  what they had done to Muslims in the past , " Little Rock homicide Detective Tommy Hudson has said . CNN 's Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	Abdulhakim Muhammad pleads guilty to a fatal attack at a Little Rock military center He was charged with killing Pvt. William Long , 23 , and wounding Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula , 18 Prosecutors took the death penalty off the table in exchange for Muhammad 's plea
CNN  -- UEFA 's new system of financial regulation faces judgment in the European courts -- but not before 2015 . UEFA , the body which governs soccer in Europe , introduced Financial Fair Play  FFP  at the start of the 2012-13 season as a way of preventing clubs from spending beyond their means and posting unsustainable yearly losses . The rules give UEFA sweeping powers , including exclusion from the lucrative Champions League , to punish financially recalcitrant clubs . However the regulations have been challenged by an Italian football agent who claims FFP breaches European Union competition laws . Daniel Striani has hired the lawyer that helped revolutionize the way football 's transfer system works to fight his corner . "  The court has now issued the procedural calendar : hearing in February 2015 and therefore the judgment can be expected around March or April 2015 , " Jean-Louis Dupont , who in 1995 helped Belgian footballer Jean-Marc Bosman change European law to allow players to move for free at the end of their contracts , told CNN . Striani 's complaint argues UEFA 's "  break-even rule " restricts competition -- a key principle of European Law -- and will reduce the number of transfers . That could potentially lower players ' salaries -- and by implication agents ' fees -- prompting Striani to lodge the complaint with the Commission . Uefa is confident it will win the case , arguing that the European Commission , the European Parliament , as well as European clubs , leagues and players ' unions have all been fully supportive of FFP .	UEFA 's Financial Fair Play regulations to be judged in court in 2015 Financial Fair Play designed to prevent football clubs spending beyond their means The regulations have been challenged by an Italian football agent Daniel Striani has hired the lawyer who worked with Belgian footballer Jean-Marc Bosman
CNN  -- Rachel Washburn once carried pompoms . Now she carries an M4 carbine . The military brat who became an NFL cheerleader is today a first lieutenant in the United States Army . On Sunday , she was honored as a Hometown Hero by the Philadelphia Eagles , the team she cheered for from 2007 to 2009 . The Bronze Star recipient served two tours of duty in Afghanistan , including one as a member of the Army 's new Cultural Support Program . It was a dangerous and stressful job , where she would go on missions with special operations forces and help search and talk to Afghan women and children . "  We could be their voice during missions for engagement to ensure security on objectives , and we could help search and secure the females and the children during missions , " she told the Philadelphia Eagles website . Spoken like a true soldier -- which is not surprising given her father , Lon , served many years in the Army and Air Force as a pilot . Rachel Washburn , 25 , said she learned during her Army training to think of a happy place when confronted by stress . For that , she liked to think of her first game as an Eagles cheerleader . It was a beautiful August day and she was lined up for the pregame dance . It is one of her best memories , she said . She also recalled fondly her trips to hospitals in Philadelphia and a USO trip to Iraq . Cheerleading is more than just dancing on the sideline and looking pretty , she said . "  We 're all beautiful women who are there to be entertaining at games , but also , we are incredibly involved in the community , which is something that I am incredibly proud of , " she told the Eagles . Washburn is not a Philly native . She said she is "  from a little bit of everywhere " after having moved at least a dozen times while growing up . But she loved Philadelphia from her visits there and applied for an Army ROTC scholarship at Drexel University . She also joined the dance team . Her next steps took her to tryouts for the Eagles cheerleading squad . She made the team on her first try . After she graduated , Washburn joined the Army and went to Afghanistan , where near the end of her first tour she helped deliver a baby during a snowstorm while communicating with medical personnel by radio . She told USA Today that during her second tour she was a platoon leader of an intelligence unit . She is considering re-enlisting next year , she told the paper . Her father nominated her for the Eagles honor . "  I watched her go through two tours in Afghanistan and all of the things that she sacrificed , " he said . "  It was not a very easy couple of tours and I just really kind of thought , ` Man , what a homecoming that would be if  the Eagles  recognized her for that . ' " She returned from Afghanistan in November and is stationed at Fort Stewart in Georgia .	Rachel Washburn grew up with a military father and moved many times She went to college in Philadelphia on an ROTC scholarship She cheered for the Eagles for three seasons A Bronze Star recipient , she served two tours in Afghanistan
CNN  It 's the Internet bromance that 's electrified China . Two men from different worlds -- a BuzzFeed editor from New York and a man in southern China known as "  Brother Orange " -- have united dramatically after social media helped them bond over a stolen iPhone . Matt Stopera , 27 , was greeted with bouquets of flowers , hordes of photographers and screaming fans as he arrived in Meizhou , southern China Wednesday , embracing Li Hongjun -- a restaurant owner who somehow came across the iPhone that Stopera lost in New York over a year ago . Li does n't speak English and Stopera does n't speak Chinese -- but Chinese social media users are convinced they are soul mates . The star-crossed pair first connected when Stopera noticed strange photos in his iCloud image gallery of a man taking selfies with an orange tree . Confused , Stopera took to the Internet to see if anyone knew who the mysterious man was . The story went viral in China , where Internet users banded together to search for the stranger , who they nicknamed Brother Orange . That man was Li , from Guangdong province , who was snapping pics with Stopera 's old iPhone without realizing the photos were being uploaded to the BuzzFeed writer 's cloud account . With the mystery solved , thousands of Chinese Internet users demanded a "  happy ending " and clamored for the two men to meet . Brother Orange made the first move . "  Matt , I welcome you to come to Meizhou and try some local food , " he said on Weibo , China 's microblogging platform . That post was "  liked " over 12,000 times . Matt quickly accepted . "  Everybody wants me and Brother Orange to unite , " he told CNN last month . While Stopera waited for his visa to be approved , the two swapped messages -- Stopera began learning Mandarin phrases , while Brother Orange posted videos of himself learning English . But when they finally met , the smiles and hugs said it all . According to images posted to social media , the two spent their first hours in China eating noodles and walking around tourist sites . They also planted a tree together . Chinese Internet users were over the moon . "  Matt crossed the ocean to meet you , how touching ! " said one . "  It really is an international bromance . " Another put it simply : "  I wish you a happy ever after . " CNN 's Shen Lu contributed reporting .	BuzzFeed editor Matt Stopera has arrived in China to meet "  Brother Orange " The two connected after "  Brother Orange " ended up with Stopera 's stolen iPhone Chinese Internet users are convinced the two are soul mates
CNN  -- A Florida circuit judge Tuesday struck down a 31-year-old state law that prevents gays and lesbians from adopting children , allowing a North Miami man to adopt two half-brothers he and his partner have raised as foster children since 2004 . Martin Gill looks on as a judge overturns a ban preventing gays and lesbians from adopting children . "  There is no question , the blanket exclusion of gay applicants defeats Florida 's goal of providing dependent children a permanent family through adoption , " Judge Cindy S. Lederman wrote in her 53-page ruling . "  The best interests of children are not preserved by prohibiting homosexual adoption . " The state attorney general 's office has appealed the decision . Lederman said there is no moral or scientific reason for banning gays and lesbians from adopting , despite the state 's arguments otherwise . The state argued that gays and lesbians have higher odds of suffering from depression , affective and anxiety disorders and substance abuse , and that their households are more unstable . Lederman said the ban violated children 's right to permanency provided under the Florida statute and under the federal Adoption and Safe Families Act of 1997 . Whether the ban violated the state 's equal protection clause by singling out gays and lesbians should be considered , she said . Lederman 's ruling paves the way for Martin Gill to legally adopt the two half-brothers , ages 4 and 8 , whom he has cared for since December 2004 , the American Civil Liberties Union said . The two boys , who are referred to as John and James Doe in court documents , were removed from their homes on allegations of abandonment and neglect . "  On that December evening , John and James left a world of chronic neglect , emotional impoverishment and deprivation to enter a new world , foreign to them , that was nurturing , safe , structured and stimulating , " Lederman wrote . In 2006 , the children 's respective fathers ' rights were terminated , court documents said , and they remained in the care of Gill and his partner . "  Our family just got a lot more to be thankful for this Thanksgiving , " Gill said Tuesday , according to the ACLU , which represented him . Florida is the only state that specifically bans all "  homosexual " people from adopting children , although it does allow them to be foster parents . This month , Arkansas voters approved a ballot measure to prohibit unmarried partners -- same-sex or opposite-sex couples -- from adopting children or from serving as foster parents . The measure is similar to one in Utah , which excludes same-sex couples indirectly through a statute barring all unmarried couples from adopting or taking in foster children . Mississippi allows single gays and lesbians to adopt , but prohibits same-sex couples from adopting . Neal Skene , spokesman for the Florida Department of Children and Families , said the appeal was filed so a statewide resolution on the law could be determined by an appellate court . He noted that another Florida circuit judge declared the law unconstitutional this year but that ruling had not been appealed . "  We need a statewide determination by the appellate courts , " he said . Gill 's adoption petition can not be approved until the appeal process is finished , Skene said , but the children will remain in Gill 's home . "  These are wonderful foster parents , " Skene said . "  It 's just that we have a statute , -LSB- and -RSB- the statute is very clear on the issue of adoption . " Several organizations -- including the National Adoption Center , the American Medical Association , the American Psychological Association and the American Academy of Pediatrics -- have said that having gay and lesbian parents does not negatively affect children . The Evan B. Donaldson Adoption Institute , a nonprofit organization that studies adoption and foster care , hailed the decision . "  This ban , which was the only one of its kind in the country , has done nothing but undermine the prospects of boys and girls in the foster care system to get permanent , loving homes , " said Adam Pertman , the Adoption Institute 's executive director , in a written statement . "  So this decision by Judge Lederman is a very important , hopeful ruling for children who need families . "	NEW : Ruling clears way for North Miami man to adopt two half-brothers NEW : Florida attorney general 's office said it intends to appeal Judge says Florida law banning gays from adopting children is unconstitutional Florida is only state specifically banning all "  homosexual " people from adopting
CNN  -- Billy Joel and his wife , Katie Lee Joel , are separating . Billy Joel married Katie Lee in 2004 . "  After nearly five years of marriage , Billy Joel and Katie Lee Joel have decided to separate , " a joint statement on behalf of the pair said . "  This decision is a result of much thoughtful consideration . Billy and Katie remain caring friends with admiration and respect for each other . " Billy Joel , 60 , and Katie Lee Joel , 27 , were married in 2004 . Billy Joel is the multimillion-selling musician behind such albums as "  The Stranger , " "  52nd Street " and "  Storm Front . " Katie Lee is a food critic and chef . The marriage was the third for Billy Joel . His marriage to Elizabeth Weber ended in divorce in 1982 after nine years . He married his second wife , model Christie Brinkley , in 1985 ; they divorced in 1994 . Both Joels have retained attorneys , according to a report in the New York Daily News . Billy Joel 's publicist , Claire Mercuri , told the Daily News the singer was bearing up well . "  Billy 's doing fine , " Mercuri said . "  He 's looking forward to resuming his Face2Face Tour with Elton John . "	Billy Joel separating from wife of almost five years , Katie Lee Joel "  This decision is a result of much thoughtful consideration , " said joint statement Marriage was Billy Joel 's third
CNN  Thirty years ago Wednesday , more than three dozen stars -- many fresh from the American Music Awards -- checked their egos at the door and piled into a recording studio to record "  We Are the World . " The basic tracks for the Lionel Richie-Michael Jackson composition had been done a week earlier , but it was this January 28 , 1985 , session that counted -- the one that included Bruce Springsteen , Bob Dylan , Ray Charles , Billy Joel and many other of the biggest artists of the day  and , in many cases , of all time  . "  We Are the World " was a way to raise money to fight a famine in Ethiopia and other parts of Africa , following in the harmonious path blazed by Band Aid 's "  Do They Know It 's Christmas ? " The single , credited to USA for Africa , sold more than 20 million copies and topped the charts for four weeks in April and May . It was a big deal at the time . Even "  Doonesbury 's " Garry Trudeau got involved . In the decades that have followed , there have been other attempts at all-star charity records and performances , some hugely successful , others all but ignored .  Quincy Jones helmed both the original 1985 record and its remake , a 2010 fund-raiser for Haiti , which was n't as big a hit .  The original song -- and video -- have been widely parodied . And we wo n't even mention "  Hands Across America . "  Whoops . It was a long time ago , was n't it ? Check the gallery to see how the soloists fared in the years since .	Three dozen stars recorded "  We Are the World " 30 years ago on January 28 , 1985 "  We Are the World " was meant to raise money to fight a famine in Africa
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The toll from a series of explosions across Baghdad climbed to at least 64 dead and 360 wounded Wednesday , Iraq 's health minister Saleh Mahdi told state television al-Iraqiya . The blasts across the capital Tuesday included 14 car bombs , two roadside bombs and mortar attacks in at least 17 neighborhoods , most of them in Shiite areas , police said . In an earlier report , police said there had been three roadside bombs and a sticky bomb : a device typically placed on a vehicle . Explosions struck the Shiite neighborhoods of Kadhimiya in the northwest ; Amil , Bayaa and Shulaa in the southwest ; Ur and Zuhour in the northeast ; Sadr City , Kamaliya and Amin in the east ; and Abu Dhsir in the southern part of the city . Other blasts struck mixed Sunni-Shiite neighborhoods , including Waziriya , Yarmouk , Jihad and Eghraiat . U.S. military advisers went to some of the explosion sites with Iraqi security forces , the military said in a statement . A U.S. military spokesman , Lt. Col. Eric Bloom , said the strikes are typical of al Qaeda in Iraq attacks . During the height of the Iraq war , sectarian violence tore through Baghdad on a daily basis in Sunni and Shiite neighborhoods . Despite a series of recent bombings , "  overall security is good " and "  attack levels -LSB- in Iraq -RSB- remain at historically low levels , " Pentagon spokesman Col. David Lapan said Wednesday . On Tuesday , the Committee to Protect Journalists protested Iraq 's move -- carried out Monday -- to close Al-Baghdadiya TV 's offices in Baghdad and Basra . The decision came after the Cairo , Egypt-based satellite channel broadcast demands of gunmen who attacked a church in Baghdad on Sunday . The hours-long standoff ended after Iraqi security forces stormed the Sayidat al-Nejat church . In all , 58 people died , and 75 others were wounded ; most of the casualties were women and children , the officials added . The Al-Baghdadiya bureau chief in Cairo , Abdelhamid al-Saih , told the journalists group that the shutdown was illegal since there was no judicial order and that he believed authorities were using the broadcast as a pretext to close the offices because the channel had previously given Iraqis the opportunity to criticize the government . "  We are concerned by the closure of Al-Baghdadiya TV and demand that -LSB- the government 's Communications and Media Commission -RSB- explain under what authority it has stormed the station 's offices and censored it , " said Mohamed Abdel Dayem , Middle East and North Africa program coordinator for the Committee to Protect Journalists . "  We call on the authorities to allow the station to resume its operations immediately . " According to the committee , the government commission said in a statement that the attackers had "  contacted the station and selected it to be the exclusive platform for their inhumane practices with the purpose of disrupting Iraq 's national unity and to inflame religious discord . " It said , "  the station 's broadcast of demands ` amounts to incitement to violence ' and that Al-Baghdadia 's coverage was not objective , creating a threat to the military operation by providing attackers with information about ongoing operations to rescue the hostages . " CNN 's Arwa Damon and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : Pentagon says Iraq security still "  good " despite bombings Death toll climbs from Baghdad bombings Shiite neighborhoods are hit in a wave of explosions The explosions struck areas across the city
An actress on the Netflix series "  Orange is the New Black " says her parents and older brother were deported while she was a teenager -- and now she 's backing President Barack Obama 's plans to overhaul the immigration system through an executive order . Diane Guerrero , who plays Maritza Ramos , a character she described as "  a tough Latina from the ` hood , " on the show , discussed her ordeal in an interview Monday on CNN 's "  New Day " "  It is so difficult for some people to get documented and to get their papers and become legal , and my parents tried forever . And this system did n't offer relief for them , " she told CNN . "  What I 'm asking for is to create or find a solution for families . " Now a volunteer for the Immigrant Legal Resource Center , a nonprofit group that advocates for immigrants ' rights , Guerrero also wrote about going through high school and college without her parents in a Los Angeles Times op-ed over the weekend . "  Keeping families together is a core American value , " she wrote . "  Congress needs to provide a permanent , fair legislative solution , but in the meantime families are being destroyed every day , and the president should do everything in his power to provide the broadest relief possible now . Not one more family should be separated by deportation . " Guerrero , a U.S. citizen , described coming home as a 14-year-old high schooler to an empty house . "  Lights were on and dinner had been started , but my family was n't there , " she wrote in the op-ed . "  Neighbors broke the news that my parents had been taken away by immigration officers , and just like that , my stable family life was over . " She said her parents had tried to prepare her for the possibility that they could be deported -- but that through high school and college , phone calls and once-per-summer visits to visit her family in Colombia were n't enough . She said she relied on the goodwill of friends and neighbors to get her through high school and into college . Her older brother , meanwhile , was deported , while his daughter was still a toddler . "  She still had her mother , but in a single-parent household , she faced a lot of challenges , " she wrote , adding that her niece is now in jail , "  living the reality that I act out on screen . " "  I realize the issues are complicated . But it 's not just in the interest of immigrants to fix the system : It 's in the interest of all Americans , " Guerrero wrote . "  Children who grow up separated from their families often end up in foster care , or worse , in the juvenile justice system despite having parents who love them and would like to be able to care for them . "	` Orange is the New Black ' actress Diane Guerrero says her parents were deported when she was 14 She said their deportation disrupted her life , leaving her to rely on friends and neighbors Guerrero says President Obama should quickly overhaul U.S. immigration laws by executive order
CNN  -- Usually when we talk about the 1936 Olympics in Berlin we focus on two men -- Adolf Hitler and Jesse Owens -- and rightfully so . They are the two with an undeniable impact on history , albeit in vastly different ways . But in light of President Barack Obama 's recent remarks on "  The Tonight Show " denouncing Russia 's new anti-gay laws , laws that have led to bloodshed in the streets , it is important that we remember Marty Glickman and Sam Stoller . They too were at those games . They too left a mark . You see , the day before they were scheduled to run in the 400-meter relay , their coach , Dean Cromwell , replaced them . They were not injured . They did not break any team rules nor were they disqualified for any violations . They were , however , Jewish , and this was Nazi Germany , which had adopted the Nuremberg laws limiting Jewish citizens ' rights a year earlier . Apparently , Cromwell , along with leaders from the U.S. Olympic Committee , decided it would be best if Glickman and Stoller did not compete . At the time I 'm sure it seemed like a decision that would only hurt the two men . After all , the 400 , led by Owens , still won gold . Today we know better . Today we look at that decision and lower our heads in shame , understanding that it made us complicit with something that evolved into a far worse crime than unjustly replacing a pair of sprinters . In the moment when we should have spoken up , we remained silent . And so here we are again : an Olympics on the horizon , another host country with recently legislated laws persecuting a group of people , and for a while , we were silent . And then Tuesday happened . "  I 've been very clear that when it comes to universal rights , when it comes to people 's basic freedoms , that whether you are discriminating on the basis of race , religion , gender or sexual orientation , you are violating the basic morality that I think should transcend every country , " Obama said , going on to talk about how Russia 's treatment of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people goes against the spirit of the Olympics . He did not call for a boycott . But on Wednesday he canceled a one-on-one meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin planned for September . The White House cited Russia 's decision to grant asylum to National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden and "  lack of progress on issues such as missile defense and arms control " among other reasons . But it also mentioned human rights issues . Recently , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry received a letter from 88 members of Congress -- Republicans and Democrats -- urging him to do something to guarantee the safety of LGBT Americans visiting Russia during that time . That leaves 447 lawmakers we should be asking why they did not sign that letter . Last month Buzzfeed provided the world photos of LGBT people being violently beaten by anti-gay protesters and police in Russia . There are reports of LGBT teens being kidnapped , bullied , tortured and killed . Russian officials have said they do n't condone the attacks , but police have stood by while they happened and then arrested the battered victims for being gay . And because it is unclear whether or not the anti-gay laws will be enforced during the Olympics , the safety of all Americans -- because you can be arrested if police think you look gay or even if you support gays -- is in question . Which brings me to : Why are n't the names of all 535 members of Congress on that letter ? In talking about the 1936 Olympics , I do not equate what is happening in Russia to what happened to Jewish people during World War II . I just want to remind you that the Holocaust did not happen overnight . It was subtle . Surgical . In silence . These new anti-gay laws are disturbingly similar to the anti-Semitic Nuremberg laws Hitler passed before the 1936 Olympics . And with the Pew Institute finding 84 % of Russians believe society should reject gay people , perhaps some saying they object to gays for fear of arrest , the world should question how far Russia intends to go . We should question how far Russia , our lukewarm ally , intends to go and what our participation in the 2014 Olympic Games will look like generations from now . In one of his final interviews before passing away in 2001 , Glickman told the San Diego Jewish Press-Heritage that there had been some talk of boycotting the 1936 Olympics because of Hitler , but no one foresaw what would happen to the Jews a short time later . "  There is no way in the world that I would think of going to Nazi Germany , " he said . "  The Holocaust and those things around Nazi Germany which we all loathe were n't in existence in 1936 . " No one can predict the future . But this week Obama showed he learned an important lesson from our Olympic past -- offering silence to appease evil is a senseless endeavor because evil will never be satisfied . Now it 's our turn to speak up . There are 447 members of Congress who have yet to sign that letter to Kerry -- we need to be asking why . Photos : Wrecking homes for an Olympic highway The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	Two Jewish sprinters from U.S. kept from running in Nazi Germany in 1936 Olympics LZ Granderson : The 2014 Olympics taking place in Russia with its extreme anti-gay laws In Russia , LGBT teens reportedly being kidnapped , bullied , even killed , he says All of Congress should sign letter for Russia to ensure LGBT Americans ' safety , he says
CNN  -- In a major upset , Evan Lysacek of the United States edged out defending gold medalist Russian Evgeni Plushenko to win the men 's figure skating gold medal . It was the first time since the 1988 Winter Games in Calgary -- where Brian Boitano won for the United States -- that any nation other than Russia has won the men 's gold medal in the event . In a first for Japan on the men 's podium , Daisuke Takahashi of Japan took the bronze . Lysacek , who placed fourth at the Turin Games in 2006 , won after the free skate program with a total score of 257.67 , which bettered Plushenko 's score of 256.36 . Takahashi 's score of 247.23 came just a little more than half a point better than fourth place finisher Stephane Lambiel of Switzerland . Lysacek 's triumph brought to six the number of golds and 18 the number of total medals the United States has , the most of any nation so far . Earlier , Lindsey Vonn crashed out in the slalom section , opening the door for Maria Riesch of Germany to take the gold medal in the super-combined at the Vancouver Winter Olympics . The poster girl of the Winter Games led after the downhill section of the two-discipline event , but chasing down Riesch 's combined target time of two minutes 10.08 seconds came unstuck halfway down her slalom run at Whistler Creekside . Vonn 's teammate Julia Mancuso added to her silver in the downhill behind Vonn 24 hours previously with another second-placed finish , but over a second behind Riesch . Sweden 's Anja Paerson , who suffered a crashing fall in the downhill on Wednesday , was rewarded for her brave decision to compete with a bronze medal after a fine slalom run . Vonn 's downhill time of one minute 24.16 seconds left her 0.33 seconds clear of her great friend Riesch , with Mancuso of the United States in third place , and she seemingly had a second gold in two days firmly in her grasp . But the 25-year-old from Minnesota admitted after the downhill section that the shin injury which troubled her in the build-up to the Games was a problem and may present difficulties as she bids for gold in three other disciplines . "  It 's not good . It 's really hurting and I 'm just struggling with it , " Vonn said . "  But there 's nothing really I can do . I just have to try to do therapy and try to tough it out today and then tomorrow will be a good day off . " Riesch , who was a disappointing eighth on her Olympic debut in the downhill , looked much more assured in her second event and was always set to be the major challenger to Vonn as she has been throughout the World Cup season . Hosts Canada gained their third gold of the Games as Christine Nesbitt powered to victory in the women 's 1,000 speed skating event at the Richmond Oval . Nesbitt had just 0.02 seconds in hand over Annette Gerritsen of the Netherlands with another Dutch skater Laurine Van Riessen taking bronze . In other early action on day seven , Norway 's Tora Berger upset the favorites to claim her country 's 100th gold in the Winter Olympics with victory in the women 's 15k individual biathlon . Berger missed just one shot to beat Kazakhstan 's Elena Khrustaleva by 20.7 seconds . And the 101st gold was not long coming in the later men 's 20km individual event as Emile Hegle Svendsen claimed victory ahead of legendary compatriot Ole Einar Bjoerndalen , who was winning his 10th Olympic medal , including five golds . Bjoerndalen tied for silver with Belarus competitor Sergey Novikov , 9.5 seconds behind Svendsen . In women 's snowboarding , the half-pipe crown went to Torah Bright of Australia ahead of American pair Hanna Teter and Kelly Clark after a thrilling competition which set new standards .	NEW : American Evan Lysacek breaks Russia 's five Winter Olympic Game-streak Lindsey Vonn fails in her bid to win second gold of Winter Games in super-combined event Vonn said after her downhill run that she was being troubled by a shin injury Christine Nesbitt wins Canada 's third gold of Games by claiming 1,000 m speed skating crown
CNN  -- The ever-expanding outbreak of life-threatening fungal meningitis in back pain patients linked to steroid injections prepared by a compounding pharmacy , which so far has sickened at least 214 people and killed 15 in 15 states , is a public health catastrophe . What is particularly tragic for those who have been sickened or killed by the tainted drug and for their loved ones is that this situation was completely avoidable . Since federal laws were enacted in 1938 and 1962 giving the Food and Drug Administration the authority to ensure that all brand name and generic drugs were both safe and effective , compounding pharmacies have traditionally filled a very narrow health care niche in which they prepared , in response to physicians ' prescriptions , individually tailored preparations of drugs for patients having unique medical needs that could not be met by a commercially available standard drug manufactured by a pharmaceutical company . While the FDA has long considered the compounding of drugs to be subject to FDA regulations , the agency has recognized the important health care role for such compounded medications . Therefore , it has used "  enforcement discretion " to allow compounding pharmacies to produce these drugs without complying with FDA regulations , generally deferring regulatory oversight to state pharmacy boards . News : What is a compounding pharmacy ? However over the past two decades , many so-called compounding pharmacies began large-scale production of drugs and moved from the traditionally narrow role filled by such pharmacies into a realm that clearly involved drug manufacturing and distribution of standardized drugs . In many cases , the drugs have been sold in multiple states , thus involving interstate commerce . The steroid medication linked to the current fungal meningitis outbreak was produced and widely distributed by the New England Compounding Center in Framingham , Massachusetts , one of many compounding pharmacies across the country that has crossed the line between traditional compounding and large-scale drug production . The injectable steroid medication produced at the center was never approved by the FDA and was not manufactured in accordance with the FDA 's rigorous manufacturing standards designed to ensure that drugs are sterile and uncontaminated with such germs as bacteria or fungi before being sold and distributed . As a result , as many as 14,000 patients in 23 states were exposed to potentially contaminated steroids and need to be monitored for signs of fungal meningitis or other infections . Many people rightly are asking how the disastrous outbreak could happen in the United States and who is to blame . While numerous probes and investigations are just getting under way and litigation targeting the producer of the tainted drug and health care providers who used it will certainly take years to resolve , blame for this disaster will undoubtedly rest with many parties . Among them are the compounding pharmacy that produced the contaminated steroid drugs , health care facilities and providers who chose to use a dangerous drug lacking approval by the FDA and evidence that the products were sterile , trade associations and professional groups representing compounding pharmacies that have vigorously resisted federal regulatory oversight of their members , state and federal regulators , and Congress . A key player at the federal level deserving a significant amount of blame is the FDA . Loud alarm bells were sounded on December 4 , 2006 , when the FDA issued warning letters to the New England Compounding Center and four other compounding pharmacies , directing them to stop producing standardized versions of medications that , according to the agency , were being "  marketed for general distribution rather than responding to the unique medical needs of individual patients . " the center was cited for violations of FDA regulations in marketing four different drugs , including repackaged doses of the cancer drug Avastin into syringes for treatment of macular degeneration . News : Injectable drugs from Mass. facility suspect Clearly , the FDA considered the center and the other compounding pharmacies to be engaged in drug manufacturing . The pharmacies , like any other drug manufacturer , were therefore subject to the safety and effectiveness standards required for approval of new drugs , as well as the rigorous manufacturing standards designed to ensure that drugs are sterile and uncontaminated with such germs as bacteria or fungi before being sold and distributed . However , following its warning letter , the FDA subsequently dropped the ball and failed to take the actions necessary to ensure the center adhered to these drug standards , which are essential for protecting the health of patients . For whatever reason , whether inattentiveness or lack of compliance and legal resources , by not aggressively enforcing the regulations related to large-scale drug manufacturing and interstate commerce , the FDA allowed the company to shift its wide-scale manufacturing and interstate distribution operation to injectable steroids . On Thursday , the FDA attempted to deflect criticism for its failures by asserting that it lacked authority to take action earlier . This flies in the face of the agency 's long-stated position that it had legal authority over such activities and its prior enforcement activities against the New England center and multiple other compounding pharmacies . While no one wants to be viewed as being responsible for a preventable public health catastrophe , American citizens should express their outrage and demand that all parties responsible for this tragedy -- including the FDA -- be held accountable . Otherwise history will repeat itself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Carome .	Michael Carome : The current deadly meningitis outbreak was completely avoidable The outbreak has sickened at least 214 people and killed 15 across 15 states The FDA allows compounding pharmacies to produce drugs without regulation , he says Americans should demand that all responsible parties be held accountable , Carome says
