More than 150 people were arrested in a four-month nationwide roundup of alleged sellers and makers of synthetic drugs , substances that authorities say can be more dangerous than the drugs they mimic , the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration said Wednesday . Federal , state and local agencies collaborated on the arrests , targeting drugs such as synthetic marijuana -- often sold online and labeled as incense to hide its purpose -- and hallucinogens and stimulants sold under the guise of "  bath salts " or "  plant food , " the DEA said . Authorities seized hundreds of thousands of synthetic drug packages and more than $ 20 million in cash and assets in the 29-state , January-to-May roundup , which the DEA said was the second phase of an operation called Project Synergy . "  Many who manufacture , distribute and sell these dangerous synthetic drugs found out first hand today that DEA will target , find and prosecute those who have committed these crimes , " DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart said , adding the agency was targeting those "  who are all too willing to experiment on our children and young adults . " Synthetic drugs are a wide range of chemical products with ever-changing -- and often dangerous -- ingredients . Synthetic marijuana , for example , can be plant material treated with psychoactive compounds that mimic marijuana 's active ingredient . Authorities and researchers have said synthetic drugs are particularly dangerous because their ingredients can be particularly potent and have n't been tested for safety . Users of bath salts sometimes have violent episodes , extreme paranoia and disorientation , the DEA says . In the roundup 's first phase , authorities arrested more than 227 people from December 2012 to June 2013 , the DEA said . What you need to know about synthetic drugs	Federal , state and local authorities arrested more than 150 people since January Hundreds of thousands of packaged synthetic drug packages seized , DEA says
CNN  -- First the Black Keys ' Patrick Carney lit into Justin Bieber . Now he 's taking on U2 . The outspoken drummer , who said a few months ago that Bieber "  should be grateful that he has a f ****** career in music , " did not mince words when talking about the release of U2 's latest , "  Songs of Innocence , " as a free download from iTunes . The album 's distribution "  devalued their music completely , " Carney told The Seattle Times . It "  sends a huge mixed message to bands ... that are just struggling to get by . I think that they were thinking it 's super generous of them to do something like that . " The U2 album was automatically downloaded into more than 500 million iTunes folders upon release September 9 -- pleasing some fans but angering others who did n't want the album in the first place . Bono later apologized for the inconvenience . "  I 'm sorry about that , " Bono said in a question-and-answer video posted this week on the band 's Facebook page . "  I had this beautiful idea , but  we  got carried away with ourselves . Artists are prone to that kind of thing . A drop of megalomania , a touch of generosity , a dash of self-promotion and deep fear that these songs , that we poured our life into over the last few years , might n't be heard . " Bono apologizes for free iTunes album Apple observed that the album had been fully downloaded 26 million times and that 81 million people had listened to at least one song . Carney also defended the Keys ' choice not to put their last two albums on Spotify . Artists are n't being fairly compensated , he said .  Cracker 's David Lowery has made the same point about Pandora . "  My whole thing about music is : If somebody 's making money then the artist should be getting a fair cut of it , " Carney said . Presumably referring to Spotify co-founder Sean Parker , he added , "  The owner of Spotify is worth something like 3 billion dollars ... he 's richer than Paul McCartney and he 's 30 and he 's never written a song . " CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Patrick Carney is unhappy that U2 gave away "  Songs of Innocence " for free Distribution method "  devalued their music completely , " he said "  Innocence " was released to 500 million iTunes subscribers at once Carney also had words for streaming services such as Spotify
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Democrats conceded Thursday they do n't have the votes to pass the DREAM Act , a bill that would have offered a path to citizenship for some illegal immigrants who entered the United States as children . Democrats voted to pull the measure from consideration , a move that jeopardizes the chances for passing the hotly contested bill during the current lame-duck session of Congress that ends in early January . While supporters say the measure that passed the House on Wednesday could still come up , each passing day reduces the likelihood for introducing and debating the act as legislative leaders battle over priorities in the waning days of the session . Senate Republicans opposed the bill , standing by their pledge to block any legislation during the lame-duck session until the chamber approves bills to extend the Bush tax cuts and fund the government . The so-called Development , Relief and Education for Alien Minors Act would have affected immigrants who entered the United States illegally as children under the age of 16 and have lived in the country for at least five years . Other requirements include graduating from high-school or obtaining a General Education Development diploma and demonstrating "  good moral character . " Even then , only a six-year conditional status would be awarded . Before moving to the next phase , the students would need to meet additional requirements -- attending college or serving in the military for at least two years , and passing criminal background checks . Proponents , including President Barack Obama and Democratic leaders , say the bill offers legal standing to young people brought to the United States who have bettered themselves and served their new country , while opponents claim it is a form of amnesty for illegal immigrants . A White House statement Thursday praised Senate Democratic leaders for pulling the bill so that the chamber can take up the version passed by the House . Noting that eight House Republicans voted with Democrats to pass the measure , the statement by Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said the proposal "  should get bipartisan support in the Senate as well , and in light of the vote in the House , this is the right way to move forward to get that . " Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois , a major supporter of the DREAM Act , said Thursday that "  we now have the weekend and into next week to launch a national mobilization to get the votes to enact this important bill . " CNN 's Craig Broffmann and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : White House says putting off the vote was the right move The bill would offer a path to citizenship for some illegal immigrants It mainly would affect illegal immigrants who entered the U.S. as children Senate Republicans opposed the measure
ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- Barack Obama marked his first Memorial Day as president on Monday , calling on Americans to remember U.S. troops who died in the service of their country and navigating a Civil War memorial controversy . President Obama pays tribute to veterans at a wreath-laying at Arlington National Cemetery on Monday . The president participated at the 141st annual Memorial Day wreath-laying ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery 's Tomb of the Unknowns . The men and women buried at Arlington "  waged war so that we may know peace , " Obama said . "  They were willing to give up everything for the defense of our freedom -LSB- and -RSB- were willing to sacrifice all for their country . ... They are the best of America . " Also Monday , Obama decided to continue a controversial presidential tradition of honoring Southern Civil War soldiers by sending a wreath to Arlington 's Confederate Memorial , according to the White House . But the president decided to start what may become a new tradition by sending a wreath to the African-American Civil War Memorial at Vermont Avenue and U Street Northwest in Washington . See how fallen service members are being remembered " Critics had called for an end to the longtime presidential practice of laying a wreath at the Confederate site . Last week , roughly five dozen professors sent a letter to Obama calling the tradition offensive to African-Americans . Some observers recently suggested adding the recognition of the African-American memorial as a possible compromise . Wreaths also were sent to be placed on the mast of the USS Maine and the Spanish-American War Memorial , both in Arlington National Cemetery . Obama also hosted a White House breakfast for several military Gold Star families , the relatives of service men and women killed in action . A separate Memorial Day observance was held at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial at 1 p.m. ET , and the National Memorial Day Parade started an hour later . All Americans were asked to pause for a moment of remembrance at 3 p.m. local time Monday "  because it is the time when most Americans are enjoying their freedoms on the national holiday , " according to the White House Commission on Remembrance . "  The moment does not replace traditional Memorial Day events ; rather it is an act of national unity in which all Americans , alone or with family and friends , honor those who died for our freedom , " the commission said on its Web site . "  It will help to reclaim Memorial Day as the sacred and noble holiday it was meant to be . In this shared remembrance , we connect as Americans . " The 3 p.m. observances included , among other things , an interruption of Major League Baseball games and the pausing of the Washington Memorial Day Parade . The National Grocers Association and Food Marketing Institute has asked shoppers to pause in stores across the nation . Memorial Day was first marked May 30 , 1868 , three years after the end of the Civil War . Congress declared it a national holiday in 1971 . CNN 's Emily Schultze contributed to this report .	Obama continues controversial sending of wreath to Confederate Memorial President also sends wreath to African-American Civil War Memorial Obama takes part in Memorial Day wreath-laying at Arlington National Cemetery Men and women buried there "  waged war so that we may know peace , " he said
CNN  -- The accusations are ominous . Russia has fired weapons into Ukraine and boosted the number of troops near the border , officials have told CNN . And the Kremlin is staging a new round of military exercises this week . Western leaders stepped up sanctions , but Russian President Vladimir Putin shows no sign of backing down . What 's his endgame ? "  He 's got lots of options here , and he 's playing it , " retired Gen. Wesley Clark told CNN this week . "  He 's like someone fumbling with a lock , trying to find the right key to open the door . " Here 's a look at several goals Putin could have in mind : Bolstering support at home Putin certainly is n't winning many points worldwide in the court of public opinion . Western leaders slam Russia for backing separatists in Ukraine and fueling violence there -- accusations the Kremlin denies but ca n't seem to shake . But even as criticism grows abroad , things are playing out very differently inside Russia . Putin 's popularity is soaring , said CNN 's global affairs correspondent Elise Labott . "  His ratings have n't been so high since he went to war with another former pro-Western neighbor : Georgia in 2008 , " Labott said . Taking over territory This is the scenario that Putin 's fiercest critics worry is in the offing . They point to Russia 's annexation of Crimea in March -- touted by Russia as a legitimate reflection of the will of the people and slammed by the West as a violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty . NATO warned this week that Russia could use "  the pretext of a humanitarian or peacekeeping mission as an excuse to send troops into eastern Ukraine . " "  We 're not going to guess what 's on Russia 's mind , but we can see what Russia is doing on the ground -- and that is of great concern , " NATO spokeswoman Oana Lungescu told Reuters in an emailed statement . Clark , the former supreme allied commander of NATO , said even though it seems like Putin has n't made up his mind yet about what steps he 'll take , it 's clear he has his eye on eastern Ukraine . "  He 's building up his capacity to intervene . ... He wants that to be Russia , " Clark said . Protecting Russia Others argue Putin could have another goal in mind if he sends troops into Ukraine : protecting his own country . It 's true that Putin is weighing intervention , said Stephen Cohen , a professor emeritus of Russian studies at Princeton University and New York University . But that does n't mean it 's a crisis of his making , said Cohen . "  He 's being told by people who are advising him that this is no longer a struggle for Ukraine , but a struggle for Russia . These cities that are being attacked by the Ukrainian army are close to Russia , " Cohen said . "  He 's being told , if you let these cities go , if you lose those cities , you will fight tomorrow in Russia . " Alexander Nekrassov , a former Kremlin adviser , offered a similar take in an opinion column for CNN.com in March . "  As Ukraine was slipping into anarchy and chaos , with all sorts of radicals causing mayhem , President Putin 's endgame became obvious , " he wrote . "  He needed to do anything in his power to prevent Ukraine from becoming another Iraq , with a possibility of a civil war breaking out and violence spreading to Russia at some point . " Keeping Ukraine unstable But could there also be an incentive for keeping things chaotic in the nation next door ? Plenty , Labott said . "  For years , Putin has made keeping Ukraine from joining the European Union and NATO a major strategic goal , " she said . But the February ouster of former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , who was closely allied with Russia , made that much tougher . "  One way to stop Ukraine from joining the West , " Labott said , "  is to make it too unstable by keeping this insurgency running . " Growing Russia 's regional influence Russia has spent billions of dollars in recent years building up its arsenal of warships , military planes and helicopters to go along with what remains the largest nuclear arsenal in the world , CNN 's Jim Sciutto said . Now come the reports of troops amassing near the Ukrainian border and renewed military exercises . What 's the point of flexing all this military muscle ? You do n't have to look too far back in history to see an example of a similar situation that -- from Russia 's point of view -- really paid off , Sciutto said . In 2008 , Russia sent troops into neighboring Georgia . "  There 's a view in Russia that that 's when the world started taking Russia seriously again , because for years Russia had seen itself as being far behind , hopelessly behind the West in military terms . And that 's a problem that Russia 's leadership wanted to correct , " said Sciutto , CNN 's chief national security correspondent . Sciutto said the focus is what Russia calls "  the near abroad " -- former Soviet republics like Ukraine and Georgia . "  Russia wants to expand , reassert its influence  there  once again , " Sciutto said . "  And it feels it needs , in order to do that , to expand its military . " Putin issues retaliatory ban on food imports CNN 's Alisyn Camerota contributed to this report .	Analysts say Vladimir Putin is weighing his options with Ukraine The Russian President could have a number of goals in mind Putin 's fiercest critics worry he 's pushing to take over territory The crisis sparks criticism abroad , but boosts Putin 's popularity at home
CNN  -- New York Yankees All-Star players Tuesday remembered owner George M. Steinbrenner III as a demanding father figure who had a gentle side . "  He was always good to be around , recalled pitcher Andy Pettitte . "  He was tough . He was fair . " Stories about the larger-than-life Yankees owner , 80 , provided a backdrop for Tuesday night 's All-Star game in Anaheim , California , where the crowd remembered the baseball titan . Yankees manager Joe Girardi and other members of the team wore black armbands in memory of Steinbrenner . Pettitte , Alex Rodriguez and Derek Jeter spoke earlier about "  The Boss , " who died Tuesday morning after suffering a massive heart attack in Tampa , Florida . They described him as a boss many folks would like to have : Demanding . Caring . Clear about what he wanted : to win . "  I once got a handwritten note from him , " Rodriguez told reporters a few hours before the All-Star Game . It said , ' I AM COUNTING ON YOU ! ' I still hold it dear . I am playing for him . " "  He expected perfection and it rubbed off on the organization , " said Jeter . Tributes rolled in all day Tuesday , hours after Steinbrenner 's family said he was rushed from his Tampa home to St. Joseph 's Hospital , where he died . "  It is with profound sadness that the family of George M. Steinbrenner III announces his passing , " the family said in a statement . "  He was an incredible and charitable man . First and foremost he was devoted to his entire family -- his beloved wife , Joan ; his sisters , Susan Norpell and Judy Kamm , his children , Hank , Jennifer , Jessica and Hal ; and all of his grandchildren . "  He was a visionary and a giant in the world of sports . He took a great but struggling franchise and turned it into a champion . " Under Steinbrenner 's guidance , the Yankees have earned seven World Series trophies since 1973 . He was the longest-tenured owner in Major League Baseball , having served as principal owner since purchasing the club on January 3 , 1973 . "  Owning the Yankees , " Steinbrenner once said according to MLB.com , "  is like owning the Mona Lisa . " The Yankees also won 11 American League pennants under Steinbrenner 's ownership . Major League Baseball Commissioner Allan "  Bud " Selig said Steinbrenner was a giant in the game . "  His devotion to baseball was surpassed only by his devotion to his family and his beloved New York Yankees , " Selig said . "  He was and always will be as much of a New York Yankee as Babe Ruth , Lou Gehrig , Joe DiMaggio , Mickey Mantle , Yogi Berra , Whitey Ford and all of the other Yankee legends . He was my dear friend for nearly four decades . Although we would have disagreements over the years , they never interfered with our friendship and commitment to each other . Steinbrenner was a pop culture figure , famously earning some attention in episodes of the TV sitcom "  Seinfeld . " "  I met the real George Steinbrenner on only one occasion when he actually came and played himself on an episode of ` Seinfeld , ' " recalled Jason Alexander , who played George Costanza . "  He seemed to really enjoy himself . I did not get to know him but the fact that he allowed himself and his beloved team to be satirized on our show is an indication to me of his true character . " Hall of Fame Yankees catcher Yogi Berra called Steinbrenner a "  great friend . " "  George was The Boss , make no mistake . He built the Yankees into champions and that 's something nobody can ever deny , " Berra said in a statement . "  George and I had our differences , but who did n't ? We became great friends over the last decade and I will miss him very much . " At a press conference Tuesday , Berra said Steinbrenner had long ago apologized for firing the popular manager . "  George said to me it was the ` worst mistake I made in my life ' and I said ` George everyone makes mistakes , ' " Berra added , choking up at the memory . Berra predicted Steinbrenner would get into the Hall of Fame . Former Yankees Manager Joe Torre remembered the boss as tough and passionate . "  I will always remember George Steinbrenner as a passionate man , a tough boss , a true visionary , a great humanitarian , and a dear friend . I will be forever grateful that he trusted me with his Yankees for 12 years . ... It 's only fitting that he went out as a world champ , " he said in a statement . In an interview Tuesday on CNN 's "  Rick 's List , " Torre said , "  He did scream , he did get loud , but when you closed that door there was a human side of him too . That 's one thing , when you work with George Steinbrenner ... you ca n't pick and choose the parts you like . You have to understand that it 's the whole package . " CNN sports contributor Max Kellerman said , "  Steinbrenner is the most famous owner in sports , really maybe in the history of American team sports -- it 's a very big deal . He was an ongoing character on ` Seinfeld . ' ... Steinbrenner has made his way into popular culture , into the cultural consciousness . " Steinbrenner was born on July 4 , 1930 , in Rocky River , Ohio . His mother , he once said , imbued him with a compassion for the underdog . He told The New York Times Magazine in 1978 that he "  never really appreciated " his father when he was growing up but that now he "  ca n't give enough credit " to him . "  Anything I ever accomplish I owe to him , " he said then . Now a baseball icon , Steinbrenner began his major league ownership career in 1973 after he bought the Bronx Bombers from CBS for $ 8.7 million . Steinbrenner was chairman of the board of the American Ship Building Co. , which had an estimated $ 180 million in sales in 1978 . His other ventures including political fundraising , backing of Broadway plays , an interest in the Chicago Bulls basketball team , ownership of the thoroughbred Kinsman Stud Farm in Florida and an extensive holdings in banking operations and Florida real estate . Steinbrenner was for decades the most colorful , controversial and domineering owner in baseball . He demanded victory from his teams and managers , firing managers who did n't deliver . Famously , he hired and fired manager Billy Martin half a dozen times in the 1970s and 1980s when the Yankees dominated baseball . He was willing to shatter ideas about what baseball players should be paid to stack his teams with stars , starting with pitcher Catfish Hunter and slugger Reggie Jackson in the 1970s and continuing up to the present with Derek Jeter and C.C. Sabathia . But Steinbrenner did n't always know where to draw the line on payments , and stepped over it at least twice -- with illegal campaign contributions to Richard Nixon in 1974 , and with a $ 40,000 payment to a gambler for damaging information about a player . He was suspended from baseball for the Nixon contribution and banned for life for the payment to gambler Howie Spira , according to Major League Baseball . He was reinstated three years later . He often starred in commercials lampooning himself , including a commercial in which he chewed out Jeter for partying . On his 80th birthday last week , Steinbrenner thanked fans , friends and family for their good wishes . "  I am very fortunate to have the love and support of a great family and many , many friends . The Yankees and their fans are a large part of what keeps me going . It means a lot , " he said . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said , "  This is a sad day not only for Yankee fans , but for our entire city , as few people have had a bigger impact on New York over the past four decades than George Steinbrenner . George was a larger-than-life New York figure whose passion and drive to succeed will forever be missed . " Funeral arrangements will be private , the family said , adding there will be an additional public service with details to be announced at a later date . Steinbrenner 's death marks the second loss in so many days for Yankee veterans . Announcer Bob Sheppard died Sunday . Steinbrenner called Sheppard "  a good friend and fine man whose voice set the gold standard for America 's sports announcers . " CNN Producer Adam Thomas contributed to this report	Yankees All-Stars remember a fair , demanding ` Boss ' Legend Yogi Berra describes Steinbrenner as a great friend Steinbrenner died of heart attack Tuesday in Tampa , Florida He was the longest-tenured owner in Major League Baseball
CNN  -- If you 're confused about whether the Iran deal is an awe-inspiring breakthrough or a cataclysmic disaster , let me help you : The answer is it depends . It depends on what happens in the coming six months . And not just six months from now , but what happens between now and then : a period during which Iran and the world powers are supposed to abide by the deal they made in Geneva last weekend and work to hammer out a permanent agreement . If the Geneva deal in its current form becomes permanent because the two sides ca n't get to a final resolution and drag out its current terms  the six-month period is "  renewable by mutual consent , " says the so-called Joint Plan of Action  , then what occurred this weekend will mark a calamitous turning point , triggering a chain of events that brings about the very developments that Obama -- and most of the world -- want to avoid . If the accord indeed proves to be temporary , as President Obama maintains it is , to be followed by a much more stringent agreement that brings a verifiable and credible end to Iran 's pursuit of a nuclear weapons ' capability , then we can rightly call it a historic turning point , a milestone to progress . Then , Obama and his secretary of state will deserve enormous credit for their achievement . For now , however , hold off on the awards . The deal has some positive points , but it also has many deeply troubling elements . Remember : Tehran has a track record of dragging out negotiations ; negotiations started more than a decade ago . And if the six months start to slip , an arms race in the Middle East is sure to start . The Arab countries of the Persian Gulf , including Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates , fear a nuclear Iran even more than Israel does . Arabs and Persians are historic rivals , even enemies . Iran 's revolutionary regime has a stated purpose of spreading revolution , in direct opposition to the stability and survival of the ruling Gulf regimes . The Gulf states will not sit idly by while Iran continues enriching uranium , especially after the world has repeatedly discovered Iran operating secret nuclear facilities in the past . Once Saudi Arabia and Iran engage in a nuclear arms race , others will jump in . Qatar has a rivalry with Saudi Arabia ; Egypt looks askance at Qatar , and Turkey will not want to be left behind . The entire region will be swept up in a feverish pursuit of nuclear technology . If you think adding a nuclear arms race to the extremist ideological maelstrom of the Middle East is like adding fuel to flames , you are wrong : It is like adding dynamite to a raging fire . Many people incorrectly describe the Joint Plan as a freeze on Iran 's nuclear program . But it is not . The deal reverses some parts of the program , it freezes others , but it allows progress to continue in two areas . The three most significant achievements of the interim deal are the dismantling of the stockpile of 20 % enriched uranium , the stoppage of work in the Arak heavy water reactor that could produce plutonium -- another path to nuclear weapons -- and the introduction of more intrusive monitors by U.N. nuclear inspectors . But the accord does not open up the Parchin facility , where U.N. monitors have already said they suspect Iran is testing ways to weaponize nuclear materials . And the deal , most significantly , allows Iran to continue enriching uranium up to 5 % purity . Iran maintains this will become permanent . Washington has given mixed signals on the issue . That is one of the two massive concessions made by the major powers . The U.N. Security Council had demanded that Iran stop enriching uranium . Now the United States and the other five countries have implicitly allowed enrichment to continue in violation of U.N. resolutions . In addition , they have started a rollback of the painstakingly built sanctions ' regime . The final comprehensive agreement with Iran will come only if Iran truly has decided to give up on what most of the world believes was a goal of either developing nuclear weapons or getting close enough that it is able to do it in quick order , what is known as "  breakout capability . " Iran 's new president . Hassan Rouhani , most certainly has presented a much more conciliatory face to the West . But the real power rests with the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , whose rhetoric remains caustic . Just last week , as talks got started in Geneva , Khamenei lashed out at the United States and said Israel is "  doomed to annihilation . " Is Iran now ready to give up what most countries believe is a nuclear weapons program after decades of investment and after enduring enormous hardship to build it ? If so , a deal can certainly be reached . Has Iran perhaps reached a more limited objective , with significant but not complete progress ? In that case , it will likely try to bring an end to sanctions while holding on to much of the progress . If that is the case , negotiations will prove enormously difficult , even impossible . Or , will Iran try to cheat ? Whatever the answer , it is imperative that the United States be prepared to call out Iran if it finds any violations to the agreement . Otherwise , Obama and the United States risk becoming apologists for the Islamic Republic . Diplomacy requires negotiating with foes , and this is no exception . The Iranian regime is a serial violator of its own people 's rights . It is a state sponsor of terrorism , and it is the principal sponsor of extremist militias , such as Hezbollah , and the brutal regime of Syria 's Bashar al-Assad . If the United States can prevent Iran 's dangerous regime from achieving nuclear weapons capability -- and not just in the short term ; if it can prevent an arms race in the region , and it can do so without military action , then the Geneva deal will have proved a triumph . We will find out over the course of the next six months . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Whether Iran deal a breakthrough or disaster depends on next 6 months She says if deal is extended beyond then , it will trigger chain of events Obama wo n't want She says Arab Persian Gulf nations threatened by prospect of Iran nukes Ghitis : If U.S. can bring deal to a final resolution , it can forestall regional arms race
CNN  -- In an effort to galvanize support for a new pair of rail tunnels connecting New York and New Jersey , two U.S. senators from the Garden State announced Monday that Amtrak would bear some of the costs . The $ 13.5 billion Gateway Tunnel project would add high-speed and commuter rail service between the two states by 2020 , replacing an earlier project that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , a Republican , rejected after citing budget concerns . "  New Jersey is facing a transportation crisis , " Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg said Monday . He said residents were "  fed up " with train delays and "  endless traffic " on New Jersey highways . Lautenberg joined fellow Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez and Amtrak President Joseph Boardman at the Pennsylvania Rail Station in Newark , New Jersey , saying the government-owned rail corporation would spend $ 50 million to begin preliminary engineering and design , according to a press release from Lautenberg 's office . "  It is a critical first step that we can take now to bring 220 mph Amtrak high-speed service to the Northeast Corridor , " said Boardman , according to the release . Amtrak was not immediately available to verify the proposed spending plan . Christie rejected a similar project in October after "  no agreement was reached on terms that would assure New Jersey 's taxpayers would not pay more than $ 2.7 billion for a completed Trans Hudson Express ARC project . " "  The question is who 's going to pay for it , " said New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg . "  Gov. Christie said that there was obligations potentially for the taxpayers of New Jersey that he did n't feel they should shoulder . " "  That 's his decision to make , " Bloomberg added . The Access to the Region 's Core project , also known as the Trans Hudson Express ARC project , would have created 6,000 jobs , with federal cost estimates ranging between $ 9.8 billion and $ 12.7 billion . Lautenberg was among its proponents and led public criticism against the governor 's decision to put the project on hold and ultimately cancel it . "  The critical difference to ARC is that Gateway will add far less capacity for New Jersey Transit , though still a considerable amount , " said Martin Robins , a former director of New Jersey Transit 's Waterfront Transportation office . "  The operators would be a lot happier having ARC-lite than nothing . " But the state also is facing a projected budget gap of $ 10.5 billion for the next fiscal year . The New Jersey governor has made deficit reduction a cornerstone of his administration , pushing cuts to education , local governments and mass transit and tackling state pension plans and benefits packages for public-sector workers . Christie is expected to deliver his annual budget presentation February 22 . CNN 's Raelyn Johnson contributed to this report .	Senators say Amtrak would spend $ 50 million for $ 13.5 billion tunnel project Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg : "  New Jersey is facing a transportation crisis " New Jersey governor rejected a similar project in October , citing budget concerns New Jersey is facing a projected $ 10.5 billion deficit
CNN  -- Authorities are asking for the public 's help in finding an eighth suspect accused of being a member of a North Carolina group that allegedly plotted "  violent jihad " overseas . Authorities are searching for North Carolina resident Jude Kenan Mohammed . "  The Raleigh Joint Terrorism Task Force is seeking any information the public may have regarding the whereabouts of Jude Kenan Mohammad , " the FBI said in a statement . Federal authorities had said earlier that they believed Mohammad , 20 , was in Pakistan . Seven other suspects are in custody . All eight are accused of plotting "  violent jihad " overseas , according to the indictment , and are charged with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and conspiracy to murder , kidnap , maim and injure people . The indictment identifies Mohammad as a U.S. citizen and a North Carolina resident . It says he traveled to Pakistan in October 2008 to "  engage in violent jihad . " No further details are offered . A federal judge denied bail last week for six of the men , but expressed skepticism about the charges against them . Magistrate Judge William Webb said the defendants had made a number of statements espousing holy war , and said the statements could be interpreted in isolation as braggadocio . But because some group members had amassed a large arsenal and ammunition and had engaged in firearms training , Webb found there was reason to believe that they harbored criminal intent and presented a flight risk or a possible danger to the community . Bail was denied for the seventh man , Anes Subasic , on Monday , CNN affiliate WTVD reported . Five surreptitiously recorded audiotapes were played in a court hearing last week , along with a cell phone video showing someone firing an AK-47 . On a tape made in May 2009 , one of the suspects , Daniel Patrick Boyd , talks about getting the money needed to wage jihad and hitting Wells Fargo trucks and banks . He makes reference to how he had robbed a bank in Pakistan . Boyd 's sons , Dylan Boyd , 22 , also known as "  Mohammed , " and Zakariya Boyd , 20 , also are among the eight charged . Federal agents discovered in the Boyd house , among other items : several weapons , thousands of rounds of ammunition , $ 13,000 cash , gas masks , and a document described as a fatwa  Muslim religious edict  of jihad  holy war  , the FBI said . They also found a trench under the deck of the house , which a witness told the FBI was a bunker to store and conceal weapons , and a plywood plank placed in a tree so that someone sitting there could see anyone approaching the house , FBI special agent Michael Sutton said . Sabrina Boyd -- the wife of Daniel Patrick Boyd and the mother of the two younger Boyds -- has said the allegations against her family are false .	Authorities looking for whereabouts of 20-year old Jude Kenan Mohammad Mohammad accused of being a member of group that allegedly plotted "  violent jihad " Federal authorities said earlier they believed Mohammad was in Pakistan Seven others in custody facing conspiracy to commit terrorism , murder charges
CNN  -- A picture is worth a thousand words -- but for Christie Morgan , those words were n't worth remembering . When she was forced to pose for photos at her niece 's Sweet 16 party in 2008 , she realized just how overweight she really was . If she did n't make a drastic change , she knew she would n't live to see future family milestones . At the time , she weighed in at 403 pounds . Because of her body size , she struggled throughout everyday life . She could n't walk more than a few steps in her own home , get out of a car or fit in airplane seats . "  I swear , every beat of my heart hurt , " Morgan says . "  Any moment could be my last , and I felt one morning I simply would not wake up . " Morgan grew up in a large family where every occasion centered around food . Every birthday , anniversary , graduation or accomplishment was an excuse to consume authentic Italian food . She wanted to be a role model for her daughter , Brielle , now 18 , but says it was difficult enforcing a healthy diet when she was n't following one herself . When Brielle had parent-teacher days at school , Morgan refused to attend because she did n't want to embarrass her daughter by being "  the fat mom . " "  When you are that large and that miserable in your body , you feel like you 're a failure to your children , your parents and society , " Morgan says . Doctors told her the only way to lose enough weight to be at a healthy BMI was through gastric bypass surgery . Her friends constantly told her she would n't be successful if she did n't get professional help . Morgan says she considered both , but ultimately she wanted to shed the pounds on her own naturally . "  I felt just from watching surgery-goers , their body changed , but they were n't all that healthy , " Morgan says . "  They could continue to eat the junk , just not as much . " In the past , she had tried almost every single diet fad known . "  Either I failed them , or they failed me , I just do n't know , " Morgan says . So she decided to look at weight loss as a challenge to her doctors and herself , not as punishment . Days after seeing pictures from the birthday party , Morgan sat down and formed an eating plan . She took elements of other diets and her knowledge from nutrition classes she took in college and created her own diet plan . Lean meats and fish , fresh fruits and vegetables , KIND bars and unlimited water are essentials during the day . Morgan says she did n't want to feel deprived as she did in other diets -- she wanted a way to eat cleaner and feel full at the same time . "  I love cooking and entertaining , " Morgan says . "  I needed to find a way to cook my favorite foods healthier , not cut them out entirely . " She says exercising was a challenge in the beginning , but starting slow allowed her to keep realistic goals . "  The first day of exercising resulted in me breaking a "  Total Gym " machine because I exceeded the weight limit , " Morgan says . So she steered clear of the gym to avoid being ridiculed by strangers . "  It 's not about investing in supplements , gym memberships , programs or diet plans , " she says . "  For me it was about investing in myself , my health , my mind and my body . " In two years , Morgan has shed a total of 289 pounds . She now weighs 114 pounds . She says looking back at pictures , she can see the sadness in her eyes . The smile on her face was a facade to hide from how she truly felt about her body . "  Perfection is knowing that I am the best I can be in every way , " she says . "  And now I 'm no longer an observer of life , but a participant . " Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport	Doctors encouraged Christie Morgan to have gastric bypass surgery , which she resisted When she was 45 years old , Morgan weighed 403 pounds She says she did n't want to be an observer of life anymore but a participant In two years , Morgan has dropped 289 pounds without surgery
CNN  -- Strong winds curtailed action at the Women 's British Open after just over an hour 's play on Friday . Play began at 7 a.m. local time on the Royal Liverpool Golf Club at Hoylake , but gusts of wind up to 60 mph soon made conditions unplayable with balls falling off tees and moving on the greens . Officials stopped play at 8.18 a.m. and play was abandoned for the day at 11 a.m. with all day two starters ' scores being declared null and void . Co-overnight leader Ryu So-Yeon from South Korea was one of the 36 players who started their second rounds before play was stopped . America 's Michelle Wie , who opened with a three-over par round of 75 , was another who teed off early , braving the breezy conditions . "  When I arrived at the course at 5 a.m. it was raining sideways . I 've never seen anything like it , " Wie said . "  It was fairly sheltered by the tents when we set off but by the time we got to the 12th it was clearly unplayable , " added Wie , who started at the 10th hole on Friday . Korea 's Kang and Ryu share lead after day one "  The ball would barely stay on the tee and they were moving all over the greens . When you have to call a rules official six times on a green then you know it 's bad . "  I 'm so tall I felt like a flagpole . I thought I might fall over when I tried to hit the ball and it was definitely the right call . " After a meeting of the Championship Committee , it was decided that round two will take place on Saturday with the final 36 holes being played on Sunday , weather permitting . It was also agreed that the halfway cut will be reduced from the top 65 and ties to the top 50 and ties .	Play abandoned after one hour 18 minutes on day two of Women 's British Open High winds at the Royal Liverpool Golf Club make play impossible Round two will take place on Saturday ; Rounds three and four on Sunday , weather permitting
PITTSBURGH , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- For Pittsburgh International Airport , the Group of 20 summit is like the Sunday after Thanksgiving : the busiest flying day of the year , with world leaders instead of holiday travelers . Officials greet Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal , left , on Wednesday at Pittsburgh International Airport . After weeks of logistics and planning , the airport and the adjacent Air Force Reserve Base will see 23 heads of state arrive in the space of a few hours . President Obama is hosting the G-20 summit -- a two-day meeting of representatives of the world 's largest economies -- Thursday and Friday in Pittsburgh . "  This is unprecedented , " Allegheny County Chief Executive Dan Onorato said . "  We 've never seen anything like it . " The county runs the airport and coordinated the arrivals along with the White House , U.S. State Department and law enforcement officials . The arrivals will take place away from the commercial passenger terminals on the huge airport property . With different areas being used , some of the presidents and prime ministers will show up at the same time . Watch Pittsburgh 's security preparations for protesters " "  It is all scheduled . No one will be sitting out " on the tarmac waiting , Onorato said . There are no welcoming ceremonies planned at the airport . The leaders quickly will get into separate motorcades and be whisked to downtown Pittsburgh . A formal greeting will take place Thursday evening at a conservatory in Pittsburgh 's Oakland neighborhood . The heads of state invited to Pittsburgh include the leader of the European Union and the prime ministers of the Netherlands , Spain and Sweden . Many leaders are bringing hundreds of delegates and support staff with them as well . At least two countries are bringing jumbo jets into the airport . Members of Saudi Arabia 's delegation landed Wednesday evening . The leaders are arriving from New York , where they attended the U.N. General Assembly . Airport officials say the VIP landings will not mean delays for passengers , though they warn trips to and from the airport could take extra time because of road closings for motorcades . It 's Obama 's second trip to Pittsburgh in nine days . He addressed the AFL-CIO Convention on September 15 at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center , where the G-20 summit also is being held . This time , Air Force One will have plenty of company .	Representatives of world 's largest economies meeting for two days in Pittsburgh Twenty-three heads of state arriving in the space of a few hours at airport Leaders ' arrivals will take place away from commercial passenger terminals Delegates and support staff also on hand ; airport says there wo n't be any delays
CNN  -- Not only is Tetsuya Kumakawa the greatest ever Japanese ballet dancer , he is one of the best the world has ever seen . His athletic grace has won him fans wherever he has performed , and his dedication to the art continues to bring ballet to new audiences . Capable of soaring leaps and flawless turns , Tetsuya "  Teddy " Kumakawa has thrilled audiences the world over . Founded in 1998 , his K-Ballet company has built on the success he acheived at the Royal Ballet in Covent Garden , London . Born in Sapporo on Hokkaido -- Japan 's North Island -- in 1972 , Kumakawa took up ballet after seeing his eight year-old cousin , Hironao perform at school in Sapporo . Like any 10 year old boy , his new hobby had to compete with other activities -- he also enjoyed kendo , baseball and drawing -- but it was ballet that he really fell in love with . From a young age Kumakawa had been keen to see the world and the arrival of foreign guest tutors at his school only reinforced those desires . But it was Swiss ballet teacher Hans Meister 's visit to Hokkaido that proved to be a turning point in Kumakawa 's nascent career . Meister encouraged him to travel and recommended that he attend the Royal Ballet School  RBS  in London or the Canadian National Ballet School . Kumakawa was just 15 years old when he left home to take up a place at the RBS . Less than two years later , in January 1989 , he won both the Gold Medal and the newly established Prince Takamado Prize at the prestigious Prix de Lausanne in Switzerland . He was without question the star of the competition , producing soaring leaps in a performance from ` Don Quixote ' . In the spring of 1989 he turned professional , becoming the first Asian dancer to join the Royal Ballet Company  RBC  -- his first solo part was the leading mandolin player in "  Romeo and Juliet . " In June he won the Classical Ballet Prize at the Eurovision Young Dancer of the Year competition held in Paris . Kumakawa experienced a meteoric rise through the ranks of the RBC . He quickly became a Soloist , dancing the Act 1 pas de trois in Tchaikovsky 's ` Swan Lake ' and completed a memorable performance as the Bronze Idol in La Bayadère -- a cameo role that showcased his extraordinary jumping ability . The following season he was chosen for the role of the Fool in the premiere of Kenneth Macmillan 's ` The Prince and the Pagodas ' . In 1991 he was promoted to First Soloist and was a Principal dancer by 1993 . So developed a mutual love affair between Kumakawa , his new fans and his adoptive city . "  I was so pleased to participate in British culture , " he told The Japan Times in 2004 . By the age of 26 ` Teddy ' , as he had become known to his friends in the UK -- ` kuma ' means ` bear ' in Japanese -- had danced the full repertoire of classical and modern roles at the RBC . The man who had wowed London audiences with his acrobatic jumps and audacious turns was about to leap into a new chapter of his life . In 1998 he left the Royal Ballet to found his own company -- the K-Ballet -- back home in Tokyo . It was a highly controversial move at the time . Not only had he upped sticks in the middle of a season , he also took five of the Royal Ballet 's star male performers with him to Japan . The British Press and the ballet fraternity were not impressed . Greeted as a returning hero in his native country , Kumakawa took on the roles of leading dancer , teacher , artistic director and company manager simultaneously . But despite the formidable workload and responsibility the new K-Ballet flourished , fostering a wider interest in Japanese ballet . In 2004 , Kumakawa established the K-Ballet School . The same year , the K-Ballet became the first Japanese ballet company to perform at the Metropolitan Opera House in New York . A career-threatening knee injury , suffered whilst on a K-Ballet tour of Japan in May 2007 has temporarily sidelined Kumakawa from performing . But he expects to be back on stage next year , delighting audiences with virtuoso performances once again . In the meantime , Kumakawa -- who continues to enjoy pop star status in Japan -- continues to pass on his expertise to a new generation of dancers .	The greatest Japanese dancer is known as "  Teddy " to friends and fans Experienced a meteoric rise through the ranks at the Royal Ballet , London Controversially left the Covent Garden stage to form his own company
CNN  -- A 27-year-old man protesting unemployment set himself on fire in the Tunisian capital , Tunis , authorities said Tuesday . The man suffered third-degree burns , Tunisia 's national civil protection and civil defense authorities said . He was taken to the same hospital where Mohamed Bouazizi was taken in December 2010 . Bouazizi , who died after setting himself on fire , was widely credited for spurring Arab Spring uprisings across North Africa and the Middle East . The 26-year-old street vendor earned about $ 10 a day selling fruit . But after a municipal inspector seized his belongings , Bouazizi -- in an act of economic despair -- doused himself with fuel and set himself ablaze in front of a government building . The fatal protest unleashed a wave of regional dissent against oppression , government corruption and stifled freedoms . Self-immolation has since become more common in the Arab world , with people setting themselves on fire in Tunisia , Jordan , Bahrain and Morocco .	The man is taken to the same hospital where Mohamed Bouazizi was taken Bouazizi is credited for sparking the Arab Spring protests across the region Self-immolation has become more common in the region
CNN  -- Twenty-five years ago , Chinese college students in Beijing , Shanghai , and Xi'an began gathering to publicly mourn the death of a purged high-level official , Hu Yaobang . A week later , thousands of students marched into Tiananmen Square for Hu 's funeral . The demonstrations escalated , culminating in the tragic military crackdown on the students on June 4 , 1989 when Chinese troops opened fire on civilians and students . An official death toll has never been announced , but estimates range from several hundred to thousands . In the lead-up to the 25th anniversary of the bloody incident this year , there are mixed signals from the Chinese authorities on their attitude towards the normally taboo subject . After three generations of leadership since the student protests , there are signs of the authorities loosening online censorship of related subjects , although direct mention of "  June 4th " is still banned . Marking death Formerly the general secretary of the Communist Party , Hu Yaobang was a close ally of Deng Xiaoping . He worked with Deng to consolidate power and move China toward a more open political system , becoming a symbol of democratic reform . Hu died of complications from a heart attack on April 15 , 1989 , two years after he was purged by party conservatives for advocating "  bourgeois liberation . " His death sparked a wave of student demonstrations across China that escalated into a hunger strike and the eventual military crackdown at Tiananmen Square . With such a close link to the crackdown -- which the Chinese government has yet to acknowledge or apologise for -- Hu 's name was banned from media until 2005 when his protégé , Hu Jintao , came into power and rehabilitated his mentor 's name . Last week , retired president Hu Jintao paid his respects at the late Hu 's former residence in Jiangxi . Online reports and images of the visit were taken down by Chinese censors . By Tuesday , the official anniversary of Hu 's death , his former residence in Beijing was sealed and guarded by police , according to Hong Kong media . The home is normally open to public on the anniversary . Hu 's son , Hu Dehua , also visited his father 's cemetery yesterday in Jiangxi Province . He told the media that had gathered at the gravesite that he was bewildered by the lack of official contrition for the Tiananmen Square incident . "  What crime did the students commit ? " he asked . He further pointed out the contrast in the way authorities have handled the possible deaths of the Malaysian Airlines passengers against those of the students in 1989 , calling it a double standard . Still touchy Despite all this , Chinese censors loosened their grip that same day . Hu Yaobang 's name could be freely searched and online commemorations began to flood microblogging sites . Chinese news sites also published commemorative features on the ousted leader , including photos of Hu with his most famous protégés Hu Jintao and Wen Jiabao . The Beijing News gathered sentimental quotes from past essays on the late leader , written by other high-ranking officials . One by Hu Jintao reads : "  After Comrade Hu passed away , I would visit his home every Spring Festival and gaze with deep affection at his portrait in the living room . His far-reaching vision and determined expression always gave me strength and encouragement . " But censors draw the line at any direct mention of the tragic crackdown . Searches for "  June 4 , " "  Tiananmen Square , " and "  Zhao Ziyang "  an official who was seen as sympathetic to the student protestors  yield nothing . And by linking Hu Yaobang 's career to any discussion of China 's political system , you will get swiftly banned from the Chinese online world . An interview by the South China Morning Post with Hu 's outspoken son , criticizing the lack of political reform and press freedom was deleted from the paper 's Chinese Weibo account . As the June 4 date draws near , this litmus test of the authorities ' tolerance shows Tiananmen Square is no less an issue after 25 years . From a Chinese prison to Wall Street	Hu Yaobang 's death sparked student demonstrations in 1989 , ending in tragedy Netizens were allowed to mourn Hu 's death anniversary on Tuesday All other mentions of the student protests or political reform still censored
Washington  CNN  -- House Democrats are signaling that a final health care bill will drop the government-run public health insurance option favored by liberals but rejected by conservatives from both parties . A House-Senate conference committee will begin negotiations next month on merging health care bills passed by the Democratic majorities in each chamber . However , voting in both chambers was extremely close , raising concerns that a compromise might fail to win the necessary final approval . One of the main differences between the two measures is the public option . The House bill contains the public option as a competitor to private insurers in a national heath insurance exchange open to people now unable to get coverage , but the Senate version lacks a public option . President Obama , who has made health care reform his top domestic priority this year , has expressed general support for a public option but stops short of insisting on the provision . Liberal Democrats in the House have said they want to keep the public option , but one of their leaders -- Rep. James Clyburn of South Carolina , the chamber 's third-ranking Democrat -- said Sunday that he could vote for a bill without the government insurance plan . "  We want a public option to do basically three things : create more choice for insurers , create more competition for insurance companies and to contain costs , " Clyburn said on the CBS program "  Face the Nation . " "  So if we can come up with a process by which these three things can be done , then I 'm all for it . Whether or not we label it a public option or not is of no consequence . " The Senate health care bill required the support of all 60 members of the Democratic caucus to overcome a Republican filibuster . Such precarious support allowed individual moderates in the Democratic caucus to wield major influence on the bill , with at least two -- Sens. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut and Ben Nelson of Nebraska -- saying they would oppose the measure if it contained the public option . On Sunday , Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland , chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , acknowledged the reality of the Senate politics . Asked on "  Fox News Sunday " about the public option , Van Hollen said , "  It 's not dead , but we also recognize that the Senate was able to just muster the 60 votes . " The House could drop the public option if "  there are other mechanisms in whatever bill comes out that will keep down premiums , " Van Hollen said . Supporters of a public option say it would provide nonprofit competition to private insurers that would bring down costs , but opponents contend that it is the first step toward a government takeover of the health care system . In place of a public option , the Senate bill includes a provision allowing private insurers to offer nonprofit coverage overseen by a government agency . Both the House and Senate bills would permit the creation of nonprofit private insurance cooperatives to increase competition .	Close votes in House , Senate raise fears that compromise might not win approval House bill contains public option to compete with private insurers ; Senate version does not Obama has expressed support for option but stops short of insisting on provision
CNN  -- Hours after he was deported from the United Kingdom to Jordan on Sunday , radical cleric Abu Qatada denied the terror charges against him in Jordan , legal sources close to the case told CNN Arabic . Abu Qatada was tried and convicted in absentia in Jordan in 1999 on two charges of conspiracy to cause explosions , court documents say . Jordan will hold a fair trial for Abu Qatada for alleged terrorist attacks in 1999 and 2000 , government spokesman Mohammed Al-Momani told the official Petra News Agency . The constitution will guarantee respect for human rights , he said . Abu Qatada 's deportation early Sunday ended a years-long legal battle to force the Jordanian national to leave the country . Britain had been trying to deport Abu Qatada since 2005 , but his legal appeals kept him there . "  His departure marks the conclusion of efforts to remove him since 2001 and I believe this will be welcomed by the British public , " Home Secretary Theresa May said in a written statement . "  I am glad that this government 's determination to see him on a plane has been vindicated and that we have at last achieved what previous governments , Parliament and the British public have long called for . This dangerous man has now been removed from our shores to face the courts in his own country . " In January 2012 , the European Court of Human Rights blocked Britain from sending him to Jordan because of fears that evidence obtained by torture could be used against him at the trial planned by the Middle Eastern country . UK authorities accuse Abu Qatada of raising funds for terrorist groups , including organizations linked to the late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , and say he has publicly supported the violent activities of those groups . Videos of his preaching were found in a German apartment used by some of those involved in the 9/11 attacks on the United States , including ringleader Mohammed Atta . Abu Qatada has denied the allegations against him . Also known as Omar Othman , Abu Qatada arrived in the UK in 1993 and applied for asylum on the grounds that he had been tortured by Jordanian authorities . He came to Britain on a forged United Arab Emirates passport , according to court documents , and claimed asylum for himself , his wife and their three children . He was ordered back to prison in April after evidence suggested he had violated his bail conditions . These include an order that prohibits him from allowing cell phones to be turned on in his house , and a ban on devices such as rewritable CDs and flash drives . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Caroline Faraj , Mitra Mobasherat and Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	Legal sources : Abu Qatada appears in court , denies the charges against him He was convicted of two counts of conspiracy to cause explosions Britain had been trying to deport Abu Qatada since 2005 Videos of his sermons were found in an apartment used by some involved in 9/11 attacks
CNN  -- German striking legend Miroslav Klose has signed a two-year contract with Italian side Lazio , following his failure to agree a new deal with Bayern Munich . The 33-year-old leaves the Bavarian giants after four years at the club , although he endured a disappointing season just gone , scoring just once after making most of his 20 appearances from the substitutes ' bench . Klose , who is joint second with compatriot Gerd Mueller in the list of all-time World Cup scorers with 14 goals in three different tournaments , told reporters : "  I am looking forward to this new experience and want to help Lazio get back up the Serie A table . " Liverpool close to Henderson deal Speaking about the transfer , Lazio sporting director Igli Tare told German channel Sport1 : "  We hope he brings his skills to us and scores the goals to put Lazio back up where we belong , to be one of Europe 's biggest clubs . " Klose , who has netted 61 goals in 109 appearances for Germany and is closing in on Mueller 's all-time record of 68 goals , is keen to play in the finals of Euro 2012 and his move hias been welcomed by his national coach Joachim Loew . Loew told reporters : "  It 's good for Miroslav if he plays at a club where he is used regularly again . " Klose made his debut for Germany in March 2001 , in a 2-1 victory over Albania , and made his name at Kaiserslautern before joining Werder Bremen in 2004 and then Bayern in 2007 . He helped Bayern win the German league and cup double in his first year at the club and helped them reclaim the league title in 2010 , as well as reaching the final of the Champions League , where they lost to Inter Milan . Meanwhile , Liverpool have completed the biggest signing of the close season so far with the $ 33m capture of England international midfielder Jordan Henderson from Premier League rivals Sunderland . The 20-year-old has signed a long-term deal with the club and becomes manager Kenny Dalglish 's third signing , followingon from Andy Carroll and Luis Suarez , since he returned for a second spell in charge at Anfield . Henderson told Liverpool 's official website : "  Obviously it 's hard to leave your local club . I 'm a Sunderland lad , I 've supported them all my life . "  But I 'm really looking forward to the future now and obviously this is a massive opportunity for me . I 'm really excited by it . "	Miroslav Klose completes a move to Lazio after signing a two-year deal The 33-year-old joins the Italian side after failing to agree terms with Bayern Munich Klose is joint second in the all-time list of World Cup finals goalscorers
Atareb , Syria  CNN  -- After months of fighting , the regime 's men finally abandoned this strategic crossroads . President Bashar al Assad 's troops left behind a bullet-riddled ghost town patrolled by rebels and a handful of shell-shocked residents . Fighters had renamed the stretch of the Bab el Hawa highway , which ran through the center of town , the "  Street of Death . " Until recently , they said anyone who dared set foot on it became a target . A mini-graveyard of burned-out armored personnel carriers sat next to the main municipal building , which served as a base for government soldiers . Several weeks after rebels captured the town , the building 's walls were still decorated with pro-regime graffiti proclaiming frightening ultimatums : "  Either Bashar or we 'll burn this city " and "  Bashar or nothing . " "  This used to be a very classy area . ... The Turks would come here to see our village , " said a fighter named Abdullah Behri , who was treated in a hospital in nearby Turkey after losing his left eye to shrapnel during a battle here last May . "  Now it has all turned to hell , " he said , pointing at the town 's deserted streets . Syria says it would use WMDs vs. foreigners Locals said they used to travel from the surrounding countryside to shop at the Atareb market . It straddles the Bab el Hawa highway , roughly halfway between the Turkish border and the Syrian commercial capital Aleppo , located only 20 miles away . Though rebels appeared to control Atareb , the fight in the surrounding countryside was still far from over . The commander of the local rebel brigade , Ahmed el Faj , was killed on Friday along with at least 11 of his fighters , rebels said , during a botched attack on a nearby regime-controlled police school . Three days later , rebels said they were still waiting for a government hospital to release Faj 's body , so that they could hold a proper burial . And residents and fighters said the town still came under daily fire from nearby artillery . U.S. contemplates Syria after al-Assad "  There is a military base about 6 kilometers away , and it shells us with artillery every day , " said a resident named Abdul Sayyid , whose restaurant lay in ruins due to the fighting . There also had n't been any electricity or running water in Atareb in months . Much of the damage in town was focused around the main municipal building . Soldiers had converted offices for running the town 's bureaucracy into a military outpost . They fortified the rooftop with sniper 's nests that were clearly used to rain bullets on the surrounding neighborhood , judging by the bullet-holes that pock-marked surrounding buildings . They also scrawled graffiti on the walls proudly declaring "  We are the men of the special operations unit . " In one hallway , they built a crude hearth out of bricks for cooking , and even left behind skewers used to grill meat . Residents told stories of atrocities , allegedly carried out by the security forces . An elderly woman who asked to only be called "  Um Abdulazim " for security reasons , wept as she described how troops arrested , tortured , and then killed her 24-year-old son Qusay . "  My son was handicapped , and they ran a plow over his legs . They killed him and threw him into the street , " she said , pointing to her head , chest , arm and hips were she said Qusay was shot . Um Abdulazim said the soldiers punished her family for providing food and shelter to anti-government demonstrators . "  He was handicapped . " Referring to Bashar al Assad , she said , "  I hope his mother loses him . ... I hope he loses his sons . " With the government 's forces gone , rebels now filled the security vacuum . During a brief visit , gunshots suddenly rang out when a prisoner briefly broke free from a group of rebels . "  Do n't kill me , for god 's sake . Please do n't kill me . For god 's sake , pardon me , " the man screamed as fighters wrestled him back to their pickup truck . Later , rebels said the man was a looter who would be brought before a local legal council that has assumed security responsibilities in the opposition-controlled region . CNN journalists never saw what ultimately happened to the prisoner . Getting to know Syria 's first family Ammar Cheikh Omar contributed to this report .	For months rebels have battled Bashar al Assad 's troops in Atareb , Syria Fighters renamed stretch of highway in town of "  Street of Death " Elderly resident says al Assad 's troops tortured and killed her handicapped son
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan , fiscal deal maker ? That 's the latest incarnation of the congressman from Wisconsin , who has glided between his role as fiscal wonk to 2012 Republican vice presidential candidate to potential 2016 presidential candidate . Ryan was one-half of the bipartisan duo that unveiled a budget deal Tuesday evening that would set spending levels for the next two years -- just days before a deadline to settle the matter . "  This agreement makes sure that we do n't have a government shutdown scenario in January . It makes sure we do n't have another government shutdown scenario in October . It makes sure that we do n't lurch from crisis to crisis , " Ryan said . Budget deal aims to avert another shutdown The compromise deal is significant in large part because agreement was reached -- not an easy feat amid deep partisan divides in Congress , where lawmakers have failed to reach a budget accord numerous times since 2011 , including one instance that led to a 16-day government shutdown in October . Low profile After being on the losing presidential ticket , Ryan kept a low profile . He even remained largely silent in October while Republicans and Democrats battled over a federal shutdown and how to move forward on a government funding bill . His reticence was more noticeable because the prominent fiscal matters front and center now highlight his area of expertise . He is known in Congress as the budget wonk , the expert on the federal government and spending . His colleagues look to him for guidance . In recent years , he unveiled controversial budget blueprints that dramatically cut spending and altered entitlement programs such as Social Security and Medicare . His budgets , titled "  Path to Prosperity , " became the defining documents for Republican fiscal policy . Silence shattered Ryan slowly started to reinsert himself when his party was flailing during the government shutdown . He broke his months-long silence with an opinion piece in The Wall Street Journal in October , where he implored both sides to sit down at the negotiating table . Patty Murray emerges as bipartisan figure after budget deal After the government reopened , Ryan appeared to take his own advice . As head of the House Budget Committee , he led negotiations with his counterpart in the Senate to reach a government spending deal for the remainder of fiscal year 2014 . While the budget did not address the benefit programs -- Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid -- that Ryan wants to reform , it did avert another government management crisis . With the announcement of this deal , Ryan has reemerged to be a central figure within the GOP . Now the more pressing question is : Will the GOP still follow him ? The dilemma As recently as last year , Ryan was considered a tried-and-true conservative . He was able to bridge the gap between the two dividing components within the GOP . He both won the praise of tea party supporters and had the ears of party leaders . That 's because Ryan is a true conservative . Twenty years ago , he worked for the conservative organization Empower America , which later became FreedomWorks . Since then , the organization has successfully morphed from a group that promoted traditional fiscal conservatism and neoconservative foreign policies into a limited-government tea party-aligned group . But his support might not be in lockstep . FreedomWorks sent an advisory to Republican lawmakers Tuesday urging them to vote against Ryan 's deal . And many Republican members have already panned the deal . Rep. Tim Huelskamp , R-Kansas , said he would not vote for it because it "  raises spending . There 's no way around it . " The budget deal in plain English "  I do n't know how a deal is good for conservatives or for America if the spending is going to go up , " Huelskamp said on CNN 's "  Crossfire . " Republican strategist and former Mitt Romney spokesman Ryan Williams has said that Ryan 's October op-ed shows that he 's "  the adult in the room . " "  He felt that it was important for him to speak up to address the seemingly never-ending stalemate that we 're witnessing in Washington , " Williams added . 2016 ambitions ? While speculation only grew louder that Ryan would run for the Republican presidential nomination , with trips in recent months to Iowa and New Hampshire , the first presidential nominating states , a high-profile role in Congress -- especially as a deal maker -- could be both a political risk and benefit . It will depend on the mood of the country and the influence of the Republican right . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan was the 2012 GOP vice presidential candidate He is chairman of the House Budget Committee He announced a budget deal that would avoid a government shutdown in January
CNN  -- Six Iranians who were arrested after making a dance video set to Pharrell Williams ' song "  Happy " received suspended sentences of six months in prison and 91 lashes , the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran said Thursday , citing sources close to the accused . Another person involved in the making of the video , Reihane Taravati , received a suspended 12-month prison sentence in addition to suspended lashes , the rights group 's executive director , Hadi Ghaemi , said . Authorities accused her of possessing alcohol and posting the video online , the group said . A trial was held early last week . The sentences of prison terms and lashes are suspended for three years provided the seven people -- Taravati , director Sassan Soleimani , Neda Motameni , Afshin Sohrabi , Bardia Moradi , Roham Shamekhi , and a person known as Sepideh -- do n't engage in any more "  wrongdoings , " the organization said . The accused were charged with "  participation in producing a vulgar video clip " and conducting "  illicit relations , " according to the human rights group . The "  Happy in Tehran " video received international attention when it was posted on YouTube . The three men and three women were arrested May 19 by Tehran police for helping make an "  obscene video clip that offended the public morals and was released in cyberspace , " the Iranian Students ' News Agency reported . Director Soleimani was arrested the next day . Following the arrests , Iranian authorities forced the young people to repent on state TV . Just like in the original video , the Iranian fan version features a montage of men and women dancing to the song in a variety of settings . At the time , Pharrell , who is known professionally by his first name only , denounced the arrests . "  It is beyond sad that these kids were arrested for trying to spread happiness , " the Grammy Award-winner said on his Facebook page . Opinion : In Iran , happy gets you arrested CNN 's Sara Mazloumsaki contributed to this report .	A dance video got three men and three women and the director in trouble Their sentence is they have to stay out of any more trouble for 3 years If not , they will get 91 lashes each and go to prison The pop song "  Happy " was the inspiration for the video
Rolling Stone  -- Rihanna has signed on to be the executive producer of a new fashion competition show being developed for British television . The show , which does not yet have a title , is set to debut on the Sky Living channel in Britain . It will be hosted by Girls Aloud singer Nicola Roberts and include appearances by Rihanna herself , though it is unclear how frequently the pop star will be on the show . "  I 've always had a great love of fashion . It 's a constant source of inspiration in my life , and is a big reason why I 've grown into the person and artist I am today , " the singer said in a statement on Sky Living 's website . "  I have been very fortunate to work with some truly amazing designers and stylists throughout my career , and they have been instrumental in making sure my creative vision reaches the stage . I am excited to follow the journey of our aspiring contestants and see how their individuality influences their efforts during the course of the show . " The show , which will presumably bear some resemblance to "  Project Runway " in terms of format , will culminate with a final challenge in which the remaining designers must create a unique stage outfit for Rihanna 's performance at the Wireless festival in Hyde Park , England , in July . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The show is set to debut on the Sky Living channel in Britain It will be hosted by Girls Aloud singer Nicola Roberts It will include appearances by Rihanna herself , though it is unclear how frequently
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The story of a king overcoming a speech impediment to lead his people through World War II took top honors at the 83rd Annual Academy Awards . "  The King 's Speech " won the best picture , best actor , best director and best original screenplay Oscars at Hollywood 's Kodak Theatre Sunday night . The saga of how a college student created Facebook , which is now credited with helping citizens overthrow their leader in the Mideast , lost out on the big awards , but "  The Social Network " did win Oscars for best musical score , film editing and best adapted screenplay . Natalie Portman , who played a ballet dancer in "  Black Swan , " was given the best actress Academy Award . Portman also won Golden Globe and SAG best actress trophies in recent weeks . Portman , who is pregnant , was asked backstage if she might now consider "  Oscar " as a name for her child . "  I think that 's probably definitely out of the question , " she said . When "  King 's Speech " director Tom Hooper accepted the best director Oscar , he noted that it was his mother who found the script for him . "  The moral of this story is listen to your mother , " Hooper said . "  King 's Speech " writer David Seidler pointed out that at 73 , he was the oldest person to ever win best original screenplay . "  My father always said to me I would be a late bloomer , " Seidler said , "  I hope that record is broken quickly and often . " Colin Firth , who portrayed the stuttering King George VI in "  The King 's Speech , " completed his sweep of best actor honors with the Oscar win . "  I have a feeling my career has just peaked , " said Firth , who also won a Golden Globe and the SAG award . Firth was asked backstage what he would now do since the hectic film award season has ended . "  I think I 'm going to cook a lot , " Firth said . Cooking is "  a very good way to decompress , " he said He does not support the decision to re-release the movie with the F-word edited out to allow a younger PG-13 rating at U.S. theaters . King George VI was taught by his speech therapist to use the obscenity as a tool to smooth out his stuttering "  The context of this film , it could not be more edifying , more appropriate , " he said . "  It 's not vicious . " Christian Bale repeated his Golden Globe and SAG award wins by taking the best supporting actor Oscar for his role in "  The Fighter . " Melissa Leo , who played the mother and manager of two boxers in "  The Fighter , " completed her trifecta of major awards when 94-year-old Kirk Douglas handed her the best supporting actress Oscar . Leo also won Golden Globe and SAG best actress trophies . Douglas , who walked with a cane and spoke slowly with slurred speech , managed to upstage Leo with his humor , jokingly delaying reading what was in the envelope . His stand-up routine was rewarded with big laughs . Leo , whose acceptance speech included a censored expletive , used Douglas 's cane to walk off stage . "  Inception , " a film that explores the human mind and dreams , won four Academy Awards , including for cinematography , sound mixing , sound editing and visual effects . The film was also a best picture contender , although most of its eight nominations are in the technical categories . Two awards went to "  Toy Story 3 " for animated feature film and best original song . "  The Lost Thing " won for short animated film . "  True Grit , " based on the same book as the 1969 John Wayne film , failed to win in any of the 10 categories for which it was nominated . "  Alice in Wonderland , " which was not among the 10 best picture nominees , was rewarded Sunday night with two Oscars , for costume design and art direction . "  Inside Job , " a film about the 2008 financial system meltdown , won the best feature documentary Oscar . Producer Charles Ferguson used his acceptance speech to say that "  not a single financial executive has gone to jail and that 's wrong . " The short documentary Oscar went to "  Strangers No More , " a film about an Israeli school that includes students from 48 countries . The romantic comedy "  God of Love " won the live action short film Oscar . A Danish movie , "  In a Better World , " won the best foreign language film Academy Award . The Oscar for best makeup was given to "  The Wolfman . "	NEW : Best actress winner Natalie Portman says she will not name her baby Oscar NEW : Best actor Colin Firth says he plans to cook now that the hectic award season is over "  King 's Speech " wins best actor , picture , director and screenplay Oscars "  Inception " wins 4 Oscars
CNN  -- An anti-abortion activist charged with gunning down a Wichita , Kansas , doctor can not use the "  necessity defense " at trial , a judge ruled Tuesday . Scott Roeder , 51 , is set to stand trial January 11 on one count of first-degree murder in the death of Dr. George Tiller , who was shot to death at his church May 31 . Tiller ran a women 's clinic in which he performed abortions . Tiller , 67 , was one of the few U.S. doctors who performed late-term abortions . He had already survived one attempt on his life before he was slain . Under a necessity defense , a defendant argues an action was justified because breaking the law was more advantageous to society than following it . Several anti-abortion activists facing criminal charges have attempted to use the defense but none has been successful . In an Associated Press interview last month , Roeder admitted killing Tiller and said he plans to argue at this trial that the shooting was justified . "  Because of the fact preborn children 's lives were in imminent danger , this was the action I chose , " he said . " ... I want to make sure that the focus is , of course , obviously on the preborn children and the necessity to defend them . " Roeder 's comments prompted prosecutors to file a motion asking Sedgwick County Judge Warren Wilbert to bar Roeder 's attorneys from using the defense . Wilbert noted that the Kansas Supreme Court , in a previous case regarding blocking entrance to an abortion clinic , ruled the necessity defense can not be used when the harm the defendant claims to be avoiding through his or her actions is a constitutional and legal activity , and the defendant broke the law . That precedent , Wilbert said , required him to rule that the necessity defense is not a viable defense in Kansas or in the Roeder case . Defense attorney Mark Rudy pointed out to Wilbert that the defense team has not yet acknowledged what their tactic might be . Roeder , however , filed a 100-page motion on his own behalf , Sedgwick County District Attorney Nola Foulston said Tuesday , on the necessity defense , acknowledging it previously has been unsuccessful . Prosecutors also asked Wilbert to bar Roeder 's attorneys from claiming his alleged actions were justified because he used force in the defense of another -- the unborn . Wilbert said that would require further argument -- particularly an offering from defense attorneys regarding the evidence they plan to present in support of that premise at trial . "  I will leave the door open on the issues surrounding use of force in defense of another , " the judge said , adding he does not mean it 's "  wide open . " Under the law , such a defense can only be used if a defendant was preventing unlawful conduct . Foulston argued that Tiller posed no threat that would justify his shooting . "  Dr. Tiller was not an aggressor , " she said . Roeder is also charged with two counts of aggravated assault for threatening two church members . Dressed in a coat and tie , he conferred with his attorneys and listened intently to the arguments on Tuesday . In a June interview with CNN 's Ted Rowlands , Roeder would not admit that he killed Tiller , but said that if he is convicted , "  the entire motive was the defense of the unborn . " Roeder 's attorneys also argued Tuesday that the trial should be moved outside Wichita because extensive pretrial publicity in the case could have tainted the jury pool . Foulston , meanwhile , noted that Roeder , who has talked often to the media , brought some of that publicity on himself . Wilbert said 300 jury summonses have gone out in the case , and he was optimistic that some impartial jurors could be found . However , he said he would revisit the issue later if the court experienced difficulty in picking jurors . Rudy also asked that the judge prohibit prosecutors from excluding potential jurors because they have anti-abortion beliefs . The judge said he was confident that some individuals who are anti-abortion would still be able to make an impartial decision , but suggested the issue be examined on a juror-by-juror basis if the court recognizes a pattern of exclusion during jury selection . "  I ca n't make a pretrial ruling and just make a broad-brush approach , " he said .	Scott Roeder is accused of first-degree murder in the death of Dr. George Tiller Tiller was one of the few U.S. doctors who performed late-term abortions Necessity defense : Defendant argues breaking the law is better for society than following it Judge bars Roeder from using the necessity defense in the doctor 's slaying
Washington  CNN  -- Reactions ranged from gloom-and-doom predictions to celebrations to ho-hum business-as-usual as the U.S. military changed its rules Tuesday to allow gay men and lesbians to serve openly . A minute into the new day , at 12:01 a.m. , the old "  do n't ask , do n't tell " rule that has been in force since the Clinton administration was gone . In its place was a policy designed to be blind to sexual orientation and one that the Pentagon brass insists will maintain the military in fighting trim , with no negative impact on "  military readiness , military effectiveness , unit cohesion and recruiting and retention . " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen told a news conference that the repeal enhanced the integrity of the nation 's fighting forces . "  They 'll all get up , they 'll all go to work , and they 'll all be able to do that work honestly , and their fellow citizens will be safe , and that 's all that really matters , " Mullen said . Some members of the U.S. military -- many who carefully hid both their identities and sexual orientation for years -- wasted no time in going public . That included the man who until now had been known as J.D. Smith . Smith had been at the forefront of pushing for the repeal , as co-founder and co-director of a group called OutServe , which bills itself as the Association of Actively Serving LGBT Military Personnel . As an active-duty service member , he would only speak to the media under a pseudonym . Under the new rules , his real identity can be revealed , and he announced at a news conference Tuesday that he is 1st Lt. Josh Seefried , an airman serving on a base in New Jersey . Until now , Seefried said , he had worried every day that he could lose his military career if it became known he was gay . "  Today and every day I can go back into work with that burden lifted off my shoulders and not have to worry about it any more , " he said . Concerns of a possible hostile reaction from heterosexual colleagues were unfounded , Seefried said , adding that "  no one 's going hurt us when we go back to our units . " Others joined him . OutServe published a new edition Tuesday called the "  Repeal Issue . " It was available on some military bases around the world and included photos of 101 active service members openly stating they are gay . The OutServe magazine is also distributed online . "  Now we are stepping forward , to a new day , a new life , " wrote Air Force Staff Sgt. Jonathan Mills . "  A life of openness , integrity , of honor . At last , our country has accepted us -- not for who we love or how we love but who we are . " The magazine said its photo essay on 101 people serving in the military represented just a portion of the approximately 70,000 "  currently serving " lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender military personnel . "  Today , for the first time in our history , we will welcome the service of any qualified individual who 's willing to put on the uniform of our country , " said Sen. Susan Collins of Maine , a Republican credited with corralling support for the repeal . Sen. Chris Coons , D-Delaware , called it "  a day to celebrate that it does get better , and we are moving toward a more perfect union . " Seefried wrote a book on his experiences titled "  Our Time : Breaking the Silence of ` Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell . " It had been advertised under his cover identify , but now Amazon is ready to substitute his real name on the book , he said . "  The book is really important to me because this ties into people finding out that there are other gay military members out there serving , " Seefried earlier told CNN . "  I remember a book I read when I was in college done by a gay military officer and it gave me courage and I hope this book does the same . " He admitted a lot of people will be surprised , including friends and co-workers of his , as well as many thousands of other military personnel who may learn something new about their battle buddies or colleagues . "  People will be shocked , but at least they are going to be talking about it , " Seefried said . "  And talking can bring down barriers . " One of the most vocal and active proponents of the change , Alex Nicholson of Servicemembers United , was discharged from the Army in 2002 under the old policy . "  I think it is a combination of thoughts and feelings , " Nicholson said in a telephone interview . "  It 's going to be vindication for people discharged . Also there is a sense of relief . " He looks back at the speeches he gave around the country , sometimes in the face of such opposition that he required police protection , and to the political bargaining sessions . "  I feel very fortunate to have been one of those in the rooms on Capitol Hill and in the White House and with senior administration staff , " Nicholson said . Congress finally voted in the repeal of the law last December and President Barack Obama signed the legislation just before Christmas . Panetta said Tuesday that more than 97 % of the nation 's 2.3 million uniformed service personnel had been trained for the end of "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " One of the most prominent congressional supporters of the change , Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin , said that from now on , thousands of Americans will be able to serve their country without concealing part of their identity . "  They will no longer have to lie in order to help protect us , " Levin said in a statement released by his staff . "  The end of ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' is an important victory not just for equality , but integrity . " But a longtime opponent of the change , Elaine Donnelly of the Center for Military Readiness , said she was concerned that allowing gays and lesbians to serve would drive many loyal troops out of the military . "  Due to the president 's political promises , the military faces heavy burdens of confusion and tension that could have been avoided , " Donnelly said . "  This is nothing for the administration to be proud of . " She said it may be years before the damage to the military is apparent , as some people delay their departure because of a weak economy . It would not be wise to consider recruiting , retention and morale to be assured indefinitely , Donnelly said . Servicemembers United said today that 14,346 people were discharged under the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . Some of the people who were forced out under the old policy are now reapplying , as the new rules reopen a door that had been shut . Michael Almy was an Air Force officer for 13 years and helped control the air space over Iraq during some of the fiercest fighting of the war . He left in 2006 . "  My hope is to get back in . I 've talked to recruiters . I 'm starting to look at that process , " Almy said . He says that nothing is going to repair the damage to his career , after a five-year gap . "  I 'm hoping that I can at least get back in there where I left off and resume my career -- hopefully , just be a role model , " Almy said . "  Because that 's what we need right now ; we need gay and lesbian role models , officers and enlisted alike , who can serve honestly and openly next to their straight counterparts and show no detriment to the mission whatsoever . " Servicemembers United 's Nicholson predicts smooth sailing for all sides in the coming weeks and months . "  I think the real story is going to be the non-story , " Nicholson said . "  What this is going to do is normalize everything that is already there . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Defense , military chiefs say the repeal is about the integrity of the force Gay activist First Lt. Josh Seefried reveals his orientation , now that he can "  Do n't ask , do n't tell " policy ends Tuesday Opponent of the change predicts loyal troops will leave in the future
Atlanta  CNN  -- Keith Fitzhugh could have spent this weekend at New Meadowlands Stadium , being regaled by some 83,000 fans as a member of the New York Jets . Instead , he chose to keep his day job , working on the railroad . No spotlights , no television cameras , no adoring throngs . The only waves that he could get -- seconds of attention , in between long stretches of quiet -- will be from kids standing alongside the tracks , asking the unnamed engineer to pull the horn . And he 's not complaining . "  That was always my childhood dream , " said Fitzhugh of playing pro football . "  Driving transit was always my second childhood dream . " For months , the Hampton , Georgia , resident -- like millions of Americans -- was living more of a nightmare , unemployed and struggling to get by . A star safety at Mississippi State , he had three stints over the past two seasons in the National Football League with the Baltimore Ravens and twice the Jets . But each time , Fitzhugh had been released . For someone who , for years , had lived and breathed football , rejection was not easy . What was even harder , he said , was living without the paycheck and without any clear prospect that NFL stardom and dollars were in his future . What he was certain about , though , was family . The 5-foot-10 , 210-pound Fitzhugh was in the prime of his life healthwise , but not bringing home any income . His father disabled and unable to work , his mother was the only family member with a regular paycheck . Fitzhugh said he was used to getting such support , emotionally as much as economically . His parents had cheered him while he played football , encouraged him to think of life after football , took care of him . When his sister died after contracting West Nile virus while he was in college at Starkville , his mother held off on telling him until he played a key spring football game . She , his father , his grandmother and other family members were always like that : thinking and taking care of everyone else , all while keeping their heads up , said Fitzhugh . His sister 's loss especially , he said , made him realize that while football was a game , family was everything . "  They were there for me , when I went through some of the lowest times of my life , " Fitzhugh said . "  And I needed to be there for them , also . " So he was thrilled when he recently got a full-time job with Norfolk Southern , a position that allowed him to run trains around the country and also bring home regular income and benefits to help support his family . But his suddenly stable life got turned upside down Tuesday , when his agent called to tell him about the Jets offer . Fitzhugh was off and at home , his father resting in bed . His agent told him the 9-3 team wanted him , right away . Could he make a 2 o'clock flight ? Not , said Fitzhugh , without checking with his new employer first . "  My heart started racing , I started sweating immediately , " he recalled . "  This is not happening to me . I 'd just got this new job , and I do n't want to let them down  so they think  every time I get a phone call , I 'm going to run away . " He 'd learned that professional football jobs were fleeting . He knew his railroad job was not as glamorous , it might not pay as much , but it was stable and allowed him to help his family long-term . So , before he 'd even found out from Norfolk Southern if he could take a leave of absence  he later learned that he could have  , Fitzhugh made up his mind . "  I just felt that the best decision at that time , for me , was to keep my job , " Fitzhugh said . "  Because the economy is so bad right now , jobs are very scarce . Once you have a good job like this , I  thought  that I should just keep it . " Money , fame , and the thrill of competition on the gridiron are great . And Fitzhugh says that he has n't closed the door on pro football totally , not if the time is right . But he said that he 's comfortable with his decision to stay off the sidelines and stay on the tracks . Doing so will be different than battling the Miami Dolphins on Sunday , but Fitzhugh believes he will still get a rush and he 'll still have the support of family and "  fans . " "  You have families that go outside in their yards or go by the tracks , and just wave at the conductors and engineers as they are riding by -- that feeling is really good , " said Fitzhugh . "  Like the experience in the NFL , you still have fans out there . "	Keith Fitzhugh is a new employee with Norfolk Southern railroad On Tuesday , the New York Jets offered to fly him so he could join the team Fitzhugh turned down the Jets ' offer , choosing a stable job near his family The ex-Mississippi State star has been cut three times by NFL teams
Washington  CNN  -- In the wake of the Christmas Day attempt to blow up a U.S. airliner , most Americans remain confident the Obama administration can protect the country from terrorism , according to a new national poll . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Monday also indicates the vast majority of Americans believe that full-body scanners should be used in airports across the country . Nearly two-thirds of people questioned in the poll said they have a moderate or great deal of confidence in the administration to protect the public from future terrorist attacks , up 2 percentage points from August . Thirty-five percent said they have not much or no confidence , down 1 percentage point from August . Read the full poll results  PDF A number of Republicans have criticized President Obama over his handling of the attempted bombing of Northwest Airlines Flight 253 from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan . But according to the survey , 57 percent approve of the way Obama has responded , while 39 percent disapprove of how he handled the situation . "  Only a third of Republicans have a positive view of Obama on this matter , but the key for the administration is the 55 percent of independents who approve of how the president responded to the incident on Christmas Day , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director . The poll also indicates no increase in overall concern about terrorism . "  In October , about a third said they were worried that a family member would become a victim of terrorism , and that number is unchanged in the wake of the attempted attack in December , " Holland said . "  The public seems to react calmly to individual incidents , possibly because most Americans believe that the government can not prevent every single terrorist plot from occurring . " Six in 10 said terrorists always will find a way to launch an attack , no matter what the government does , he added -- identical to the number who felt that way during the Bush administration . The poll indicates a majority , 57 percent , think suspect Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab should be tried in military court and not a civilian criminal court . Forty-two percent back handling the case in civilian court . According to the survey , Americans also are split on whether heads should roll as a result of the attempted bombing of the airliner . Forty-six percent questioned feel that top officials in the federal agencies responsible for handling the issue of terrorism should be fired , while 51 percent said no . The poll indicates that nearly eight in 10 believe full-body scanners should be used in U.S. airports , while 15 percent said they would refuse to go through one of the machines if asked to do so . "  Most Americans do n't see full-body scanners as a health risk , and more than seven in 10 say they would be unconcerned if asked to go through one at an airport , " Holland said . "  Women in particular seem to prefer the idea of a full-body scanner to being frisked by a security guard , even when the question makes clear that the guard doing the manual pat-down would also be a woman . " The CNN/Opinion Research poll was conducted Friday through Sunday , with 1,021 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . CNN deputy political director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Nearly two-thirds have moderate or great deal of confidence in president 's handling of terrorism Majority in survey say full-body scanners should be used in airports Poll indicates no increase in overall concern about terrorism Findings come after Christmas Day attempt to blow up a U.S. jet
Paris  CNN  -- The ship carrying the remains of victims and wreckage from the Rio-Paris Air France 447 crash arrived in France on Thursday morning with around 104 bodies on board , according to French police sources . A French police spokesman said "  it is very difficult to give an exact number of bodies , but we believe there to be around 104 . " AF 447 crashed two years ago close to the coast of Brazil , killing all on board . The Ile-de-Sein , the cable ship chartered by French investigation body the BEA , docked at the port of Bayonne for unloading . All access to the port was blocked by police for the sake of discretion for the families of the victims . Dr. Bernd Gans , father of a German victim , said , "  They showed us pictures of freezing containers , saying this is how the remains were transported . I think it 's right that the families were not present at the port today . " Once the unloading procedure has been completed , the remains will be sent to the forensic institute in Paris for autopsy and identification . Debris from the aircraft will be sent to a hangar in Toulouse for technical analysis . Colonel Francois Daoust , head of the Institute of Criminal Research of French National police told French press that identification would be made in two stages , ante mortem and post mortem , through the use of medical records , dental records , comparison with DNA of relatives , and identification of jewellery . He also described the state of the bodies : "  These bodies have been damaged by the shock of the crash . And then nature does the job , obviously . The temperature at 2-3 ° and the almost total lack of oxygen slowed the deterioration process , but after two years , the bodies are inevitably damaged . " Gans told CNN that he had been in Paris Wednesday with other victim 's families . "  They explained to us that they would start identifying the remains recovered in contrast to what we were told a couple of weeks ago that the bodies could be identified by photos or clothes , " he said . "  It turns out it 's really just a case of remains being identified by DNA . We are afraid that not much remains . "  When we were first told that the bodies could be identified by looking at them I thought ... It 's brilliant . With the way thing are now , I have changed my mind . They died all together at this particular spot and we should have left them there . " No exact time frame has been given for the process . Daoust told French media , "  It will take time . To give you an idea , identifying the first 50 bodies , two years ago , had taken two months of work . For 104 new bodies , up to 40 people will be mobilized for several weeks . " Gans described the reaction of two French victims ' relatives at the meeting held for victims relatives . "  They were very emotional at this point . They asked if it could be arranged for all the relatives to get the results at the same time , so that some would n't be waiting whilst others had results . This was denied by representatives . They said this is the order we have for the investigation . When we have results we have to contact families , " he said . "  The victims ' families will just have to sit and wait . This was very painful to hear . " Operations onboard the Ile-de-Sein came to an end on June 3 . A total of 154 bodies have now been brought up , however this still leaves more than 70 which will never be recovered . Gans explained , "  Difficult days begin now . Some families will have hope ; will be in this situation of waiting for the next months . Some will have an answer while others will never know . "	Ship transporting remains and wreckage arrives in France There are believed to be around 104 bodies A long process now begins to identify the victims , French authorities say
CNN  -- Britain says it has suspended the government of the Turks and Caicos Islands and imposed direct rule after allegations of systemic corruption and "  serious dishonesty " . Former Turks and Caicos Islands Premier Michael Misick , shown here with his wife , LisaRaye , could be investigated . British Foreign Office Minister Chris Bryant said he instructed the British governor of the island territory to suspend the ministerial government and the House of Assembly for as long as two years . Bryant said his order also suspends the constitutional right to trial by jury in the Turks and Caicos . "  This is a serious constitutional step which the UK government has not taken lightly , but these measures are essential in order to restore good governance and sound financial management , " Bryant said in a statement . "  It remains our intentions that elections should be held by July 2011 , if not sooner . It is also important that the people of Turks and Caicos Islands continue to have a voice in the interim and the order puts in place an advisory council and consultative forum to make sure this happens . " The move follows allegations of corruption in the Turks and Caicos , a British Overseas Territory of eight major islands and numerous uninhabited keys , 800 kilometers  500 miles  southeast of Miami , Florida . The British government set up a commission of inquiry in July 2008 to look into possible corruption or other serious dishonesty in recent years of past and present elected members of the legislature . The commission 's report , delivered May 31 , found "  information in abundance pointing to a high probability of systemic corruption and/or serious dishonesty " in the Turks and Caicos , the Foreign Office said . "  This , together with clear signs of political amorality and immaturity and of general administrative incompetence , demonstrated a need for urgent suspension in whole or in part of the constitution and for other legislative and administrative reforms , " the Foreign Office said . The report also recommends criminal investigations into former Premier Michael Misick and four of his former Cabinet ministers . "  This is not a ` British takeover , ' " said Gordon Wetherell , governor of the Turks and Caicos Islands . "  Public services will continue to be run by people of the Turks and Caicos Islands , as indeed they should be . But I hope we can now begin to run them better . " Queen Elizabeth is the head of state of the British territory , and the governor is her official representative . The governor is responsible for defense ; external affairs ; internal security , including the islands ' police force ; and the appointment of some public officials , but he is normally required to act on the advice of the Cabinet . The islands ' ministerial system includes the premier and six other ministers who must act according to Cabinet policies .	Britain says it has suspended the government of the Turks and Caicos Move follows allegations of systemic corruption and "  serious dishonesty " Turks and Caicos is a British Overseas Territory of eight major islands
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- It all started with the flush of an automatic toilet . The terrifying sound marked the beginning of a two-year nightmare for Sarah Teres as she desperately tried to potty train her daughter Molly . Molly graduated from Potty School four days before her brother , Archer , was born . "  It was awful " Teres said . "  We tried everything including bribery and threats . " Teres , the mother of three from Andover , Massachusetts , hoped her middle child would be toilet trained by the time she was 2 1/2 . Two years later , the girl was still in diapers , refusing to use the bathroom . "  I was going crazy , " Teres admitted . "  She would n't poop . She would hold it for days . " At wits end , Teres enrolled Molly in the Toilet Training School at Children 's Hospital Boston . "  By the time the children come in with their families , it has become a power struggle , " explained Dr. Alison Schonwald , a pediatrician who supervises the "  poop school , " as it 's affectionately called by staffers . "  The kids kind of dig in their heels and put a line in the sand . " Health Minute : Watch more on the perils of potty training " The American Academy of Pediatrics reports that most children show signs they 're ready to potty train between 18 and 24 months . Doctors suggest a child may be ready to start trying if he 's staying dry for at least two hours at a time during the day , walking to and from the bathroom , asking for a diaper change and asking to use the potty . For some kids , the toilet training process can take more than a year , or longer . The six-week program at Children 's Hospital is one of a handful around the country . Kimberly Dunn , a pediatric nurse practitioner , has worked with some of the 450 young graduates over the years . She said most of the kids admit they are afraid to use a toilet . "  Oftentimes , the parents come in and they want to know why they 're afraid , " Dunn said . "  You could ask the kids until they 're blue in the face and you hardly ever find out why . " Dunn meets with a half-dozen children once a week . She uses books , music and art to help the students overcome their fear of using the toilet . She helps them set small , realistic goals . For instance , she said , week one involved just sitting on the toilet for five minutes . She encourages positive reinforcement and simple rewards such as extra playtime with Mom or Dad . While Dunn works on the kids , psychologist Elaine Leclair , an instructor at the Harvard School of Medicine , offers frank advice to the parents in a separate room . "  I just say , ` Step back . ' They hate to hear me say this , but I say whatever you 're doing now is not working . You really need to try something different , " Leclair said . She said many parents come to the sessions angry and anxious . "  They come in feeling extremely discouraged , very isolated thinking they are the only ones in the world who have this problem . " Teres acknowledged that 's how she felt . "  Imagine my surprise to find out there were thousands of kids who had this problem . " After years of hiding her daughter 's toilet training troubles from family and friends , the group parenting sessions allowed Teres to open up about her frustrations . "  It was like going to Betty Ford , " joked Teres , who felt she had exhausted all her other options . A majority of the children who attend the Children 's Hospital class are dealing with constipation issues often caused by delayed toilet training . Teres learned that her daughter had a medical condition called encopresis . Experts call it a symptom of chronic constipation and say it occurs when a child resists having a bowel movement . Youngsters like Molly are sometimes given laxatives or other medications to help encourage them to go . Schonwald , the author of "  The Pocket Idiot 's Guide to Potty Training , " does n't want parents to be discouraged during the process . "  No one goes to college in diapers , right ? Everyone will get through this time , as awful as it might feel if you 're struggling . " She suggested achieving success during potty training has to do with the approach . "  There are three things you can not make a child do : eat , sleep or poop . We find that by decreasing the pressure and expectations that children feel more confident . " Schonwald reminds parents that toilet training "  is not a chore , so keeping it positive from the very beginning is the most important thing . " If a child is n't using the toilet by the age of 4 , she recommends talking with a pediatrician . Schonwald also said setbacks during potty training are normal . "  All developmental skills come in spurts with periods of regression . " After a setback , Schonwald advises parents to give their child positive messages that they can succeed by saying , "  So you had some accidents today . We 'll try again tomorrow . " Four months after graduating from "  poop school , " Teres is relieved to report that Molly is fully toilet trained . "  You would never know this was an issue , " said Teres . "  She even used an automatic flush toilet the other day . I waited to see her reaction and she was OK . " E-mail to a friend Judy Fortin is a correspondent with CNN Medical News . Linda Ciampa of Accent Health contributed to this report .	Most children show they 're ready to potty train between 18 and 24 months Mom resorted to hospital 's potty school when daughter was in diapers at 4 1/2 Six-week program uses creative methods to get kids comfortable with a toilet Toilet training process can take more than a year , or longer for some kids
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pilots at AmeriJet International have nice big planes , but nowhere to go . Pilots are shown picketing against AmeriJet International in a YouTube video . None of the cargo carrier 's eight Boeing 727s have lavatories , pilots say , forcing the pilots and crews to use plastic bags for all their elimination needs . "  This is what you use for a Number One , " one pilot says in a YouTube video , grabbing a small green bag . "  And a much bigger bag for a Number Two . " The video has become the most compelling argument in the pilot 's public-relations arsenal ever since flight crews went on strike August 27 . Pay issues may be their top concern , but the lack of bathrooms has had the greatest resonance with the public , striking workers acknowledge . "  Nobody can believe that there 's no bathroom on a plane of this size , " said Gordon Shaylor , a striking pilot who has flown for AmeriJet for 9 1/2 years . So at picket lines , and on YouTube , pilots have been hoisting the plastic bags , which the airline provides in lieu of a loo . "  It 's degrading , " said Dawn Leschinski , one of two women pilots employed by the carrier . The striking pilots say AmeriJet originally removed the plane 's lavatories to reduce the plane 's weight and the cost of servicing the restrooms . "  Initially , they did n't provide anything , " said pilot and shop steward Kamal Patel . "  The bags that you see ... they did n't even provide those . Eventually they realized there were some corrosion issues when crew members had to go into the cargo hold to use the bathroom . So that 's when they started to provide pee bags and bags to go Number Two . " Pilots say that the bags are fitted around a metal frame somewhat like portable johns used by campers . At the end of their flights , pilots dispose of the bags in an airport dumpster . Pilots also complain that there are privacy issues , since cargo handlers sometimes ride in the cargo hold , where pilots go to the bathroom . "  You just have to be real discreet , " Patel said . "  You have to do it in front of everybody else . " An AmeriJet official declined to comment on the lavatory issue , or even discuss whether the planes have lavatories . A Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman said lavatories , or the lack thereof , are not a concern for regulators . "  That 's not an aviation safety issue . It 's a passenger or crew-member comfort issue , " said agency spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen . "  There is absolutely no requirement for any aircraft to have a lavatory . " That includes large passenger planes used for cross-country flights , Bergen said . Nor does the Occupational Safety and Health Administration require lavatories on planes , saying aircraft do not fall under their jurisdiction . But one business industry group says lavatories should be a concern . Kevin Mitchell of the Business Travel Coalition , which represents corporate travel offices , called AmeriJet 's working conditions "  worse than the sweatshops of the 1930s " and said it is a safety issue . "  You can not have these kind of conditions and have them compatible with safety margins . It just does n't work that way . You need motivated employees with good morale that are well-rested coming up to work to fly these aircraft , " Mitchell said . "  Poor morale among flight attendants leads to poor service . Poor morale among pilots can lead to something far more dangerous , " he said . "  These cargo aircraft are flying in the same space as commercial passenger aircraft . These pilots are making split-second decisions on landings , on diversions , on crossing runways . And you want these people to be well-trained , well-rested and with high morale -- and that does n't appear to be the set of circumstances at AmeriJet , " Mitchell said . Pilots in the industry say the major cargo carriers all fly planes with lavatories , but several smaller cargo carriers have eliminated restrooms .	AmeriJet flight crews went on strike August 27 , chiefly over pay issues Lack of bathrooms on planes has caused more of stir with public , strikers says On YouTube video , striking pilot shows bag in which crew must urinate FAA says it does n't regulate lavatories , and OSHA says issue is n't its jurisdiction
Financial Times  -- Chinese listed companies have reported a sharp rise in unpaid bills during the third quarter , in one of the clearest signs yet of the toll that China 's economic slowdown is taking on corporate balance sheets . A Financial Times analysis revealed that 66 per cent of listed Chinese companies that have reported third-quarter results showed a year-on-year increase in such unpaid bills -- called accounts receivable in accounting -- as a proportion of sales , according to the S&P Capital IQ database . China 's economy is on track to grow at less than 8 per cent this year , which would be its slowest in more than a decade . While that is still very fast by international standards , many companies have invested on the expectation of sustained double-digit growth and the sharp rise in accounts receivable is an indication of how even a mild slowdown has caught them off guard . The hardest hit companies are those linked to the construction and infrastructure sectors , including machinery makers , steel mills , coal and cement companies . Sany Heavy , the world 's ninth-largest machinery maker by sales , reported that accounts receivables were up 83 per cent year to date at the end of the third quarter , hitting Rmb21bn . "  Due to the impact of the macroeconomic environment , sales repayments have seen some deferrals , " the company said . Other machinery companies reported similar problems : at Shanghai-listed First Tractor , accounts receivable rose 169 per cent from the beginning of the year . At Zoomlion , a leading Chinese machinery maker , accounts receivable at the end of the third quarter were up 69 per cent from the beginning of the year , according to earnings released on Tuesday . Janet Zhang , economist at GaveKal Dragonomics said accounts receivable growth picked up in August and September . "  Some enterprises are reluctant to reduce production , so they continue to produce and sell things even when the buyers ca n't pay the money , " Ms Zhang said . "  This is a big difference from 2008 , when collapsing demand caused many enterprises to reduce production very significantly . " China 's metals producers and coal miners have been particularly slow to cut production despite lacklustre demand for their products . At Baosteel and Jiangxi Copper , the biggest listed producers of steel and copper , unpaid bills rose 52 per cent and 66 per cent , respectively , since the beginning of the year . However , some optimists expect that the problem of unpaid bills could improve by the end of this year , as Beijing 's small steps to encourage economic growth start to take effect . "  This might be a lagging indicator that will dissipate in coming quarters , " said Frederic Neumann , an economist at HSBC . "  The financial situation has eased recently , " he added , citing recently approved new infrastructure projects . Furthermore , for all the pain being felt by Chinese corporations , the country 's banks are showing few outward signs of any credit trouble . At the end of the first half , the overall bad debt ratio for the banking sector was just 0.9 per cent , near an all-time low since the country 's banks were recapitalised a decade ago . Of the big banks that have reported their third-quarter results , credit quality has actually improved . In quarter-on-quarter terms , non-performing loan ratios fell 0.5 basis points at China Construction Bank , 2bp at Agricultural Bank of China and 1.5 bp at Bank of China . There has been a slight increase in overdue loans at most banks , however , and many analysts and investors believe that banks might be disguising a more serious deterioration in asset quality by moving bad loans off their balance sheets or simply rolling them over . Additional reporting by Simon Rabinovitch and Gwen Chen in Beijing . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Chinese listed companies have reported a sharp rise in unpaid bills during the third quarter Clear sign of the toll that China 's economic slowdown is taking on corporate balance sheets
CNN  -- It may already be social media 's most-shared image ever . President Barack Obama 's campaign posted a photograph of him embracing his wife , first lady Michelle Obama , to Facebook and Twitter late Tuesday , moments after CNN and other news outlets projected he had won re-election over GOP challenger Mitt Romney . The accompanying message read simply , "  Four more years . " The president had tweeted a thank-you message to supporters from the same account moments earlier . But it was the image that captured the world 's imagination . By Thursday the photo had been retweeted more than 785,000 times , topping a previous tweet by pop star Justin Bieber and making it the most popular message in Twitter 's brief history . It also has received more than 550,000 shares and 3.9 million likes on Facebook , shattering previous records held by Mark Zuckerberg 's wedding photo in May and this photo of a glass of beer , set up as a tribute to a fallen sailor . The best Election Night tweets The image shows the president and first lady locked in a heartfelt embrace , framed against a cloudy sky . She 's wearing a sleeveless summer dress ; he 's got his shirt sleeves rolled up and his eyes closed , a smile on his face . It was taken August 15 at an Obama rally in Dubuque , Iowa , during a three-day campaign bus tour across the state . More than 190,000 commenters weighed in about Obama 's post on Facebook . Amid the congratulations and the angry posts from Romney supporters were some praising the photo . "  They are an absolutely gorgeous couple !!! So in love ! " said one comment . The posts reaffirmed the pre-eminence of social media as a crucial communications platform in the 2012 presidential race . Obama 's campaign acknowledged his victory on Twitter and Facebook before he e-mailed supporters or addressed a victory rally early Wednesday in Chicago . The messages also rode a massive wave of Twitter chatter about the election returns . Twitter saw 31 million tweets on Election Day , and hit a peak of 327,452 tweets per minute as Obama was declared the winner . The Obama campaign has not revealed who took the photo , although it is nearly identical to ones snapped by Jim Watson , who covered the campaign event for Agence France-Presse .	Photo of president embracing first lady has been retweeted more than 675,000 times President Obama 's campaign posted the image late Tuesday after he won re-election The image also has received more than 3.3 million likes on Facebook
CNN  -- Top seed Li Na defeated former Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova 7-5 , 6-1 in the final of the Aegon Classic in Birmingham , England . Li of China , who beat Sharapova in the semifinals of the same tournament last year before losing to Magdalena Rybarikova in the final , outplayed the Russian to claim her first title of the season and her first ever on grass . Second-seed Sharapova , who had won in Birmingham in 2004 and 2005 , surged into a 3-1 lead before Li broke back for 3-3 . The Chinese player took the set 7-5 and ran away with the second as Sharapova 's game unraveled . The Russian threw down seven double faults and only won 56 % of points on her first serve , while Li fired winners off both flanks and closed out victory in one hour , 19 minutes .	Li Na beats Maria Sharapova 7-5 6-1 in Aegon final in Birmingham , England Li of China claims first title of the season and maiden win on grass Sharapova , who won the event in 2004 and 2005 , served seven double faults
CNN  -- The wife of a man killed by a shark during their honeymoon in the Seychelles islands paid tribute to him Wednesday , calling him a devoted husband and "  best friend . " Ian Redmond of Britain died after he was attacked by a shark Tuesday off Anse Lazio beach on the island of Praslin , authorities said . "  I loved him so much and he was a very special husband , a thoughtful son and a devoted brother . He worked tirelessly to give us both a wonderful married life and home and I want to thank him for nine years of joy , " his wife , Gemma Redmond , said . "  We were having so much fun and we were so excited about our future together . Myself , our families and our friends are devastated and shocked by what has happened . The loss of Ian has left a gaping hole in our hearts that will never be filled . "  He was always calm and collected , strong and brave , witty and intelligent , handsome and caring , a remarkable individual who will be deeply and sorely missed . We are privileged and proud to have shared our lives with him , " she added . The British high commissioner and a consular official have traveled to the island off the east coast of Africa , the U.K. Foreign Office said . "  Our thoughts are with the family at this difficult time , " the Foreign Office said . Authorities in the Seychelles , an Indian Ocean archipelago , have issued a temporary ban on entering the water in five areas following two fatal shark attacks this month -- the one on Redmond and another two weeks ago . French newspaper Le Figaro reported that a 36-year-old French man was badly bitten on the legs and died as he dived off the same beach in early August . An autopsy concluded he was the victim of a shark attack , the paper said . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : The victim 's widow pays tribute to "  a very special husband " NEW : Authorities in the Seychelles issue a temporary ban on entering the water The man is the second victim of a shark attack in the area this month "  Our thoughts are with the family at this difficult time , " the Foreign Office says
CNN  -- CNN has triumphed at the 2012 Investigative Reporters and Editors  IRE  Awards , winning two accolades in the breaking news and multiplatform categories in San Antonio , Texas Wednesday . The IRE Awards , which recognize the most outstanding watchdog journalism of the year , announced CNN 's coverage of the U.S. Consulate attack in Benghazi as the winner of the "  Investigations Triggered By Breaking News " category . Jeff Zucker , President of CNN Worldwide , described the award-winning pieces as "  powerful and provocative acts of journalism . " Read the IRE winners announcement The judging panel highlighted CNN senior international correspondent Arwa Damon 's "  courageous reporting " in Benghazi , saying it "  provided valuable context about the milieu in which the consulate attack occurred . " Judges commented that : "  CNN correspondent Arwa Damon and photojournalist Sarmad Qaseera arrived quickly in Benghazi to find valuable clues in the wide-open but looted and burned ruins of the consulate . Damon 's stories refuted reports that the attack on the consulate was part of larger anti-American demonstrations throughout the Middle East . " WATCH : What Damon saw in U.S. Consulate The judges said Damon provided insight into the mind of U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens , who was killed in the September attack on the U.S. Embassy in Benghazi . Her coverage examined conditions in Libya leading up to the attack and revealed Stevens ' concerns over what he called the security threats in the city and a rise in Islamic extremism . Judges also praised the CNN Digital investigation "  Slavery 's Last Stronghold , " which explored oppression in Mauritania . Awarding the investigation the "  Multiplatform -- Large " award , they said it upheld "  the highest ideals of journalism . " CNN digital reporters John D. Sutter and Edythe McNamee exposed the lack of prosecution for slavery and continued oppression of citizens in Mauritania , which was the last in the world to outlaw the practice . These accolades mark the first time CNN has been crowned in multiple categories at the IRE Awards in the same year . In February , CNN won "  News Channel of the Year " at the Royal Television Society Awards in London , while last November , the international news network was also honored with three awards for its outstanding storytelling efforts at the Foreign Press Association Media awards .	CNN has been awarded two Investigative Reporters and Editors  IRE  awards The network was honored for its Benghazi and Mauritania coverage The accolades are the first time CNN has scooped multiple awards in the same year
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani armed forces have killed 80 militants since launching an assault on a region recently held by the Taliban , the military announced Sunday . Displaced people from Buner district flee the fighting . Three soldiers have been killed and eight wounded in the crackdown in the Buner district in the northwest of the country , the military statement said . The Pakistani offensive started in the province last Sunday , after Taliban militants moved into Buner , a move that alarmed U.S. and Pakistani officials . Pakistani security forces also killed at least 16 militants late Friday and early Saturday in the Mohmand district , in the country 's volatile tribal region , the country 's military said on Saturday . The incident appears to be separate from the hostilities in Buner . However , it reflects the tensions in the region and could signal a spread of fighting resulting from the crackdown . In the incident , about 100 militants attacked a Frontier Corps post in the Mohmand Agency , or district , an area where militants hold great sway . Troops returned fire and killed the 16 militants , the military said . Mohmand is in the country 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas that border a volatile region in war-torn Afghanistan and Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province . Earlier this year , Pakistan had entered into an agreement with militants , allowing them to enforce Islamic law , or sharia , in parts of Swat Valley in exchange for ceasing violence . The Swat Valley is a broader area that includes several provincial districts , including Chitral , Swat , Shangla , Malakand , Upper Dir , and Lower Dir . But Pakistani officials say the armed militants ' advance into Buner district violated the agreement and briefly halted peace talks between the two sides in North West Frontier Province . Representatives from Pakistan 's government and the Taliban restarted their negotiations on Friday and were planning to have another session soon , a provincial spokesman said . The Pakistani government has been criticized for not cracking down on militants along its border with Afghanistan . As a result , the U.S. military has carried out airstrikes against militant targets in Pakistan , which have rankled relations between the two countries .	Pakistani security forces kill at least 80 militants in country 's tribal region Pakistani army has been waging a week-long crackdown on Taliban Three soldiers killed , eight wounded in crackdown in northwest of country
CNN  -- Before I set out to travel this world , 12 years ago , I used to believe that the human race as a whole was basically a few steps above wolves . That given the slightest change in circumstances , we would all , sooner or later , tear each other to shreds . That we were , at root , self-interested , cowardly , envious and potentially dangerous in groups . I have since come to believe -- after many meals with many different people in many , many different places -- that though there is no shortage of people who would do us harm , we are essentially good . That the world is , in fact , filled with mostly good and decent people who are simply doing the best they can . Everybody , it turns out , is proud of their food  when they have it  . They enjoy sharing it with others  if they can  . They love their children . They like a good joke . Sitting at the table has allowed me a privileged perspective and access that others , looking principally for "  the story , " do not , I believe , always get . People feel free , with a goofy American guy who has expressed interest only in their food and what they do for fun , to tell stories about themselves -- to let their guard down , to be and to reveal , on occasion , their truest selves . I am not a journalist . I am not a foreign correspondent . I am , at best , an essayist and enthusiast . An amateur . I hope to show you what people are like at the table , at home , in their businesses , at play . And when and if , later , you read about or see the places I 've been on the news , you 'll have a better idea of who , exactly , lives there . "  Parts Unknown " is supposed to be about food , culture and travel -- as seen through the prism of food . We will learn along with you . When we look at familiar locations , we hope to look at them from a lesser-known perspective , examine aspects unfamiliar to most . People , wherever they live , are not statistics . They are not abstractions . Bad things happen to good people all the time . When they do , hopefully , you 'll have a better idea who , and what , on a human scale , is involved . I 'm not saying that sitting down with people and sharing a plate is the answer to world peace . Not by a long shot . But it ca n't hurt . Anthony Bourdain Hotel El Minzah , Tangier	"  Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown " takes you across the globe to exotic destinations The CNN personality will share his unique perspective and insights while traveling the world Bourdain : "  People , wherever they live , are not statistics . They are not abstractions " He hopes to show "  what people are like at the table , at home , in their businesses , at play "
CNN  -- Zimbabweans are voting in a hotly-contested election as President Robert Mugabe seeks to extend power for a further five years . Mugabe , 89 , has been at the helm since 1980 , and is the only leader the nation has known since it gained independence from Britain . The polls are expected to end an uneasy coalition government formed after violence broke out when Mugabe claimed victory in the last election five years ago . The post-election violence left 200 people dead and thousands more injured , according to rights groups . Is Zimbabwe ready for elections ? Depends on who you ask What do we need to know about these elections ? They are taking place under a new constitution endorsed in a March referendum that limits the president to two five-year terms . Mugabe is allowed to seek another term because the rule does not apply retroactively . Results are expected within five days . To be declared winner , a candidate needs to win more than 50 % of the vote . If that does n't happen , a run-off will be held on September 11 . Who is running for president ? The head of state Robert Mugabe , the 89-year-old leader of Zanu-PF , is seeking to extend his 33-year rule . His main rival is the current Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai , who helped form the Movement for Democratic Change  MDC  in 1999 . Tsvangirai , 61 , hopes to become president after three failed attempts . There are three other candidates : Welshman Ncube , the current industry and commerce minister and president of the Movement for Democratic Change ; Dumiso Dabengwa , leader of the Zimbabwe African People 's Union  Zapu  , and Kisinoti Munodei Mukwazhe , who represents the small Zimbabwe Development Party  ZDP  . Who is Robert Mugabe ? Mugabe , born in 1924 in the south of Rhodesia , spent his early career as a teacher . Drawn to the struggle for independence , he fled the country in the early 1960s , only to be jailed for 10 years on his return in 1964 . On his release he formed Zanu-PF , which he led from neighboring Mozambique . The conflict came at the same time as the ANC in South Africa , led by Nelson Mandela , engaged in its struggle to overthrow apartheid , a cause that drew strong support from Mugabe and his followers . In 1980 , Mugabe became prime minister of the newly formed Zimbabwe , and he assumed the position of president in 1987 . A Wikileaks cable released in 2011 claiming Mugabe had prostate cancer was dismissed by his party . What problems has Zimbabwe faced ? Mugabe 's liberation credentials held him in good stead during the early part of his leadership , with many seeing him as a politician who could unite a country that had been divided through civil conflict . But in 2000 he drew criticism for his land reform program , when white farmers were evicted from their land , which was given to poor black Zimbabweans , many of them veterans of the struggle for independence with limited knowledge of commercial farming . Soon , agricultural output began to decrease sharply . Overseas , Mugabe 's relationship with nations beyond southern Africa became rocky . In December 2003 Zimbabwe withdrew from the Commonwealth , the organization of the United Kingdom and predominantly her former colonies . Five years later the UK government stripped Mugabe of the honorary knighthood he had been awarded by Queen Elizabeth II . The European Union imposed sanctions on Mugabe and his allies over its human rights record . By 2008 inflation in Zimbabwe had soared to 200 million percent . Food shelves were empty , international isolation continued to hit the economy , and corruption was rife . Mugabe failed to win enough votes in the March 2008 presidential vote to retake office . His main opponent , Morgan Tsvangirai , leader of the Movement for Democratic Change  MDC  , withdrew from the presidential run-off vote scheduled for June 2008 , alleging Mugabe supporters had used violence and intimidation . Scores of opposition party supporters were beaten , tortured and killed . A power-sharing agreement was eventually signed in September 2008 , but a government of national unity was only formed in February 2009 , after Tsvangirai was sworn in as prime minister . How is Zimbabwe 's economy doing at the moment ? In 2009 , the country 's unemployment rate stood at 94 % according to the CIA . However , since 2009 , Zimbabwe 's economy has started to recover from a decade-long crisis . The value of mineral exports increased by 230 % during 2009-2011 , while the value of agricultural exports increased by 101 % during the same period . Growth in 2011 was led by strong growth in mining  50.5 %  , agriculture  17.1 %  and services  16.3 %  , according to the World Bank . Zimbabwe 's economy recorded real growth of more than 9 % per year in 2010-11 , before slowing to 5 % in 2012 , mainly because of a poor harvest and low diamond revenues . But poverty in Zimbabwe is still widespread , food shortages affect many parts of the country , and corruption is rife . Africa 's rocky road to democracy	Zimbabweans head to the polls in a hotly-contested election President Robert Mugabe seeks to extend his 33-year rule His main rival is the current Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai Results of the election are expected within five days
CNN  -- More than 1,200 NASA workers will be laid off Friday , despite Congress passing a $ 19 billion budget for the space agency two days earlier . Lori Garver , NASA 's deputy administrator , said Thursday she did n't believe the bill would affect planned layoffs , "  certainly not for tomorrow . " Thursday was the last day for laid-off employees to report to their workstations . Shuttle workers on their last day were to receive their final paperwork . Many of the departing workers have worked on the shuttle program since its beginning in the early 1980s . Late Wednesday , the House passed the NASA Reauthorization Act following the Senate 's approval , giving NASA the authority to move forward with President Barack Obama 's strategy for the agency . The bill overwhelming passed both houses of Congress and Obama is expected to sign it . The exact amount of money each NASA program receives will be decided by congressional appropriations , but not until after the November elections . The bill authorizes an additional shuttle launch , extending the retirement date of the shuttle program from February 2011 until June 2011 . The NASA administrator said an additional shuttle mission could help stock additional supplies on the international space station . The bill extended the space station 's life until 2020 . It 's expected as the shuttle program comes to an end that more than 9,000 shuttle workers will lose their jobs .	The NASA budget approved by Congress will extend the shuttle program until next June As the shuttle program ends , more than 9,000 NASA workers will lose their jobs
CNN  -- Federal prosecutors want baseball legend Barry Bonds to serve 15 months in prison for his obstruction of justice conviction , according to a sentencing memo filed in court Thursday . Defense lawyers argued in their filing that the judge should accept the probation office 's recommendation that Bonds be sentenced to two years probation , fined $ 4,000 and ordered to perform 250 hours of community service . Bonds , 47 , is set to be sentenced on December 16 in a San Francisco federal courtroom , less than two miles from the ballpark where he broke Hank Aaron 's major league home run in August 2007 . Jurors who found Bonds guilty in April said he was "  evasive " in his testimony to the federal grand jury investigating illegal steroids use by pro athletes . "  Because Bonds 's efforts were a corrupt , intentional effort to interfere with that mission , a sentence of 15 months imprisonment is appropriate , " the prosecution said in its memo to U.S. District Judge Susan Illston . But jurors , who were deadlocked on three perjury counts , said that it was not proven that Bonds lied when he testified that he had not knowingly used steroids . Prosecutors decided not pursue a retrial . Prosecutors still argued in the sentencing memo that Bonds ' denial that he was "  taking steroids and human growth hormone were patently false . " "  Whether his purpose was to protect his drug suppliers or his own reputation , Bonds 's pre-testimony efforts to sway the testimony of Giants trainer Stan Conte established that he approached his grand jury testimony with a plan , " the prosecution said . "  That plan was to evade telling the truth to the grand jury through any means possible , whether through lies , half-truths , non-sequiturs , or simply bluffing his way through the testimony . " "  Bonds 's pervasive efforts to testify falsely , to mislead the grand jury , to dodge questions , and to simply refuse to answer questions in the grand jury makes his conduct worthy of a significant jail sentence , " the prosecution argued . Bonds ' testimony in December 2003 was part of the BALCO investigation that targeted employees of a California drug testing laboratory and Bonds ' personal trainer Greg Anderson . The testimony that led to his conviction came when a grand jury prosecutor asked Bonds if Anderson ever gave him "  anything that required a syringe to inject yourself with . " Bonds told the grand jury that only his personal doctors "  ever touch me , " and he then veered off the subject to say he never talked baseball with Anderson . A juror , who identified herself only as Jessica and who would not give her last name , told reporters they agreed unanimously that Bonds was "  not directly answering the question , just kind of evading the question . " Defense lawyers argued that Bonds ' thought the creams and ointments Anderson was giving him were made of flaxseed oils . In their sentencing memo , the defense urged the judge to accept the probation office 's conclusion that Bond 's "  prior history of good works , " including "  charitable and civic contributions " should factor into the sentencing . "  It is believed that Mr. Bonds can use his status , as well as his past record of giving to youth-related causes for some beneficial and significant impact to society , " the report said . Also , the conviction "  appears to be an aberration when taken in context of his entire life , " the probation office report said . The prosecution rejected the probation office conclusions . "  Bonds 's conduct was not a spontaneous act of aberrant behavior , and his charitable works , while laudable , should not allow him to escape responsibility for his criminal conduct , " prosecutors wrote . "  The conduct in this case was neither aberrant nor insignificant . To the contrary , Bonds 's actions were the product of a calculated plan to obfuscate and distract the grand jury from its role in getting to the truth in the Balco inquiry . " Bonds ' legal troubles began in 2003 when he was subpoenaed to testify before the federal grand jury investigating the illegal distribution of performance-enhancing drugs to athletes . Bonds was told he was not a target of the investigation , which was centered on the Bay Area Laboratory Co-operative , known as BALCO . His personal trainer , Greg Anderson , was a target . "  All he had to do was tell the truth , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeff Nedrow said in his closing arguments last week . Bonds lied to the grand jury because he knew the truth about his steroids use would "  tinge his accomplishments " and hurt his baseball career , Nedrow said . "  His secret was so powerful that he could n't admit it , would n't admit it . " The grand jury transcript showed that when he was asked about anabolic steroids before the 2003 baseball season , he said he had not knowingly used them . He did acknowledge using substances Anderson gave him known as "  the clear and the cream . " Nedrow argued that it was "  implausible " that Bonds would take drugs "  and really not know what they were . " A urine sample given by Bonds in the summer of 2003 , just months before his grand jury testimony , tested positive for anabolic steroids , but another sample taken weeks earlier tested negative for the drugs . The San Francisco Giants star ended his 21-year major league career in 2007 with 762 home runs . He also set the record for most home runs in a single season in 2001 , when he hit 73 .	Bonds should get prison for his "  corrupt , intentional effort " to mislead , prosecutors say The probation office report calls for two years probation , a fine and community service Baseball 's home run king will be sentenced on December 16 in San Francisco A jury convicted Bonds of obstruction of justice in April
The symptoms of gastroenteritis are n't pretty , but at least doctors know what 's behind the wave of cases in recent years . According to a new study released by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , norovirus sent nearly 1 million children under age five in the U.S. to the doctor or hospital in 2009 and 2010 . And treating those youngsters cost an estimated $ 273 million a year . Norovirus is often called the "  stomach flu " or "  food poisoning " since its symptoms include severe vomiting and diarrhea . According to the CDC , the virus , which inflames the lining of the stomach and intestines , causes 21 million cases of illness , 70,000 hospitalizations and 800 deaths in the U.S. annually . A little more than half of the cases are passed from person to person , and 20 % are caused by contaminated food . Based on their latest findings , published in the New England Journal of Medicine , the researchers said an estimated 1 in 278 kids will be hospitalized for norovirus infection by the time they turn five , about 1 in 14 will visit an emergency room and 1 in 6 will receive out patient treatment . TIME.com : New strain of norovirus is circulating The estimates came from data involving more than 141,000 kids under age five who required medical attention for acute gastroenteritis between October 2008 and September 2010 . Lab tests confirmed the presence of the norovirus . The virus was identified in 278 of the 1,295 cases of acute gastroenteritis and rotavirus , which is another cause of gastroenteritis , was identified in only 152 . Infants infected with norovirus were more likely to be hospitalized and about 50 % of the medical care visits from norovirus infections occurred in kids between six to 18 months . The surge in norovirus cases may be due in part to better control of rotavirus infection , for which children can be vaccinated . "  Our study confirmed that medical visits for rotavirus illness have decreased , " said Dr. Daniel Payne , an epidemiologist in the division of viral diseases at the CDC in a statement . "  Also , our study reinforces the success of the U.S. rotavirus vaccination program and also emphasizes the value of specific interventions to protect against norovirus illness . " TIME.com : Do n't keep your grocery bag in the bathroom There is no treatment for norovirus , other than bed rest and drinking plenty of fluids to prevent dehydration . Most people recover between 24 hours to 48 hours . Work on a vaccine to protect against the virus is underway , and in March , when a new strain of norovirus was identified in the U.S. , TIME spoke to Dr. John Treanor , chief of the Infectious Diseases Division at the University of Rochester Medical Center who is testing a vaccine developed by LigoCyte Pharmaceuticals : "  The shot contains a part of the norovirus ' outer layer , which they hope will generate a strong immune response in those who get immunized . A vaccine would be critical for preventing the disease from escalating in populations ; because it spreads so quickly , norovirus infections are difficult to contain . " ` You really only have to be exposed to a couple of viral particles to get sick , ' says Treanor . ` This makes it very contagious because when you have norovirus , you are dispersing literally millions of particles . When it only takes one or two to make the next person sick , it translates into very high contagiousness . ' " TIME.com : Illnesses from imported food on the rise If successful the vaccine could significantly reduce the number of illnesses associated with the virus , and same millions in health care costs to treat dehydrated children . Until then , the CDC recommends washing your hands regularly , cleaning any infected or contaminated surfaces and laundry and if you or anyone around you is sick , and to wait two to three days after you recover before preparing food for anyone . This story was originally published on TIME.com . Norovirus is leading cause of intestinal disorders in American kids	Norovirus sent nearly 1 million children to doctor or hospital in 2009 and 2010 Norovirus is often called the "  stomach flu " or "  food poisoning " The virus causes 70,000 hospitalizations and 800 deaths in the United States annually
CNN Student News  -- November 13 , 2013 As the Philippines struggles to recover from Typhoon Haiyan , CNN Student News shares some stories of survival and desperation . We also report on events in London , Iran , and China before we visit what 's officially been declared the tallest U.S. skyscraper . Plus , after hearing a story about the return of discovered money , we ask students to consider how they would react to finding a stash of cash . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How important is video footage in stories of survival ? What form of media is most powerful for communicating these stories ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . nuclear talks 2 . captive breeding 3 . spire Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What reportedly happened during international negotiations regarding Iran 's nuclear program ? What 's the next step regarding this issue ? 2 . What is the tallest building in the world ? What controversy arose over determining the tallest building in the U.S. ? How was that issue resolved ? 3 . According to the report , what was found inside a desk bought on the Internet ? What did the desk 's new owners do with what they found ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What stories of survival have you heard in the wake of the typhoon that struck the Philippines ? What resources do you think survivors of these experiences will need in the months and years ahead ? Explain . 2 . What are your thoughts on the funeral of 99-year-old World War II veteran Harold Jellicoe Percival ? Why do you think people found it important to attend his funeral ? 3 . What actions would you take after finding a large sum of money inside an item your purchased ? What options does a person have when it comes to found money ? Would the circumstances surrounding the discovery of money  including the amount  influence your decision on what to do with it ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Philippines North America New York City FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
The United Nations and the United States are calling for an immediate investigation of Syrian activists ' claims that the Bashar al-Assad government used chemical weapons in an attack on civilians . Anti-regime activist groups in Syria say more than 1,300 people were killed in the attack outside Damascus , many of them women and children . Video footage and witness reports appeared to bolster claims that chemical weapons were used . President Barack Obama has directed the U.S. intelligence community to urgently gather additional information to try to assess whether chemical weapons were used Wednesday , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Thursday . At this time , she said , the United States is unable to "  conclusively determine " chemical weapons use , but is focused on trying to nail down the facts , along with its international partners . Psaki said , as she has before , that if reports of chemical weapons use prove true , the president has a range of options available to him to respond . Later , a senior defense official told CNN that "  the military continues to refine options for Syria to be prepared for whatever the president might request down the line . " Psaki noted that Secretary of State John Kerry spoke by phone Thursday to Syrian opposition leader Ahmad Jarba ; U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon ; and French , Jordanian , Turkish and European Union leaders . Ban Ki-moon said the alleged incidents Wednesday need to be probed "  without delay . " Ban urged a Damascus-based team "  to be granted permission and access to swiftly investigate the incident " and the United Nations is sending a formal request to Syria . "  He expects to receive a positive response without delay , " his spokesperson said in a statement . U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said the matter is "  of utmost urgency " and the "  allegations are exceptionally grave . " Pillay urged both the government and opposition to enable investigators "  to examine the site of the alleged attacks without any delay or obfuscation . " "  The use of chemical weapons is prohibited under customary international law , " she said , noting that the prohibition is binding on the government and rebels . "  Whether or not chemical weapons were in fact used , it seems that once again in Syria many civilians have been killed in flagrant contravention of international law . " U.N. special advisers Adama Dieng and Jennifer Welsh similarly urged immediate access for the U.N. investigation . "  There is never any military justification for the use of chemical weapons -- whether by governments or anti-government armed groups -- given their horrific and indiscriminate impact , " they said in a joint statement . International outrage Suffering in Syria is clear , but cause and culprits are murky The reports prompted international outrage , with a U.N. Security Council briefing called late Wednesday to discuss the situation . However , Russia and China -- consistent allies of the Syrian government -- reportedly blocked a formal resolution . Hours after the closed-door meeting , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius told CNN affiliate BFMTV that "  a reaction of force must be taken " if the allegations are true . "  If the U.N. Security Council can not do it , decisions will be made otherwise , " Fabius said . But , he said , sending ground troops to Syria is out of question . Chemical weapons frightful , relatively inexpensive Fabius also added his voice to calls for a U.N. team currently in Syria to investigate previous claims of chemical weapons use by either side to be given access to the site of the alleged massacre outside Damascus . If al-Assad 's regime "  has nothing to reproach itself with , " it should let the U.N. weapons inspectors investigate the alleged attack , Fabius said . "  If the Syrians refuse , that means they have been caught red-handed , " he said . Turkey urges decisive action Speaking on a visit to Berlin , Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu called on the United Nations to act decisively , Turkey 's semi-official Anadolu news agency reported . Davutoglu said "  all red lines " have been crossed without the United Nations taking action in Syria and that the body "  ca n't assume an undecisive attitude about chemical weapon attacks " there . "  If the Syrian regime is confident enough , it should allow the U.N. team to investigate  the chemical attack claims  immediately , " he added . Speaking alongside him , German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said the reports from Syria "  are serious and , should they be confirmed , outrageous . " He demanded a prompt explanation of the reported chemical weapons use , and also called for the U.N. chemical weapons team to be allowed access . "  I regret that Russia and China have blocked a formal resolution of the Security Council , " Westerwelle said . Al-Assad 's government denied the claims on state-run media Wednesday , calling them "  completely baseless . " "  Everything that has been said is absurd , primitive , illogical and fabricated , " said Syrian Information Minister Omran Zoabi on state TV . He said the claim was timed by the opposition to coincide with the U.N team 's visit and came as government forces were making gains on all sides against the rebels . CNN could not immediately verify where or when the videos were recorded , and could not authenticate the number killed or injured . Israel : World paying lip service Yuval Steinitz , Israeli Minister of Strategic Affairs , told Israel Radio on Thursday morning that its intelligence assessments indicated that "  chemical weapons were used , and they were not used for the first time . " Syria strikes refugee camp in northern Lebanon He accused the international community of "  paying lip service " when it comes to Syria . "  Nothing practical , significant , has been done in the last two years in order to stop the continuing massacre of civilians carried out by the Assad regime , " he said . "  I think that the investigation of the United Nations is a joke . " The White House said Wednesday that officials were "  working urgently to gather additional information . " It called for the U.N. team in Syria to be given immediate access to witnesses and affected individuals , and to be allowed to collect evidence unhindered by the government . "  If the Syrian government has nothing to hide and is truly committed to an impartial and credible investigation of chemical weapons use in Syria , it will facilitate the U.N. team 's immediate and unfettered access to this site , " the statement said . But U.S. senator and former presidential candidate John McCain was strongly critical of the administration 's handling of the situation in an interview with CNN 's "  New Day " on Thursday . He said chemical weapons use was "  obvious from the pictures when you see the dead bodies of children and women and others stacked up . " McCain said he was "  sure and confident " that al-Assad had used chemical weaponry before , and that Barack Obama 's failure to act on what the U.S. president had said would be a "  red line " had given the Syrian leader a green light to use these weapons again . McCain called for the United States to take military action from outside Syria 's borders to prevent that happening , saying it could "  very easily " do what 's needed to take out Syrian runways and aircraft and establish a no-fly zone . Witness : Convulsions , trouble breathing The Syrian civil war has killed more than 100,000 people and displaced millions , according to the United Nations . There have been repeated allegations that chemical weapons were being used during the course of the conflict . The latest alleged attack took place in eastern and western Ghouta , rebel strongholds that the regime has been fighting to take back for more than a year . Initially , Syrian opposition groups claimed that hundreds were killed Wednesday , but as the day wore on , the number went up -- more than 1,300 people , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees and the Syrian National Council . The council is an umbrella group of anti-regime activists . Video posted Wednesday shows people carrying limp bodies , some haphazardly covered in sheets , others splayed , nearly nude , on the floor . A man is on his back , staring blankly upward , his chest convulsing violently . Others hold tissues to their mouth , appearing to gag . Dr. Abu Said at a field hospital in Sakba , east of Damascus , told CNN how the injured started streaming in shortly after predawn prayers Wednesday . Forty of the 200 people brought to the field hospital died , Said said . A man who referred to himself as a volunteer first responder , Abu Gazi , said he was with a doctor at a field hospital in Arbeen who reported 300 people dead and 500 wounded . The symptoms , he said , included unconsciousness , foaming from the nose and mouth , constricted pupils , fast heartbeat and difficulty breathing . People died of asphyxiation , he said . "  The inspectors will not come , " said a resident who did n't want his name used . "  If they wanted to come , they would have come a long time ago . "  The Assad regime determines where the inspectors go , and they will not let them go there . There is already a siege around eastern Ghouta from the Assad regime . " ` Held to account ' Rights group Human Rights Watch also called Wednesday for the U.N. inspection team to be given immediate access to the area . "  Whether or not chemical weapons were used , the attack left a large number of civilians dead , and those responsible for unlawful killings should be held to account , " it said . U.N. children 's agency UNICEF said the reports of Wednesday 's attack on civilians were deeply disturbing and that those who failed to protect children must be held accountable . Bashar al-Assad is all smiles on his new Instagram account Syria 's official news agency , SANA , quoted Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif on Thursday as saying the rebels must be behind any chemical weapons attack , if confirmed , as "  they do not hesitate to commit any crime . " Russian officials , meanwhile , dismissed the claims of chemical weapons as a "  provocation planned in advance , " Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich told Interfax news agency . He suggested it was timed to coincide with the visit by the U.N. team .	U.S. military "  continues to refine options " says a senior defense official German minister says Russia , China blocked U.N. Security Council resolution Syria is urged to give a U.N. chemical weapons inspection team access to the site Al-Assad government says claims it used chemical weapons are "  completely baseless "
Wired  -- For the third year in a row , Apple was named number one in management consulting firm Booz & Company 's annual survey of the top 10 most innovative companies . Almost 80 percent of the respondents in the 700-company survey  . pdf  named Apple as one of the top three most innovative companies in the world . Google , which took the second spot overall , ahead of 3M , was listed in the top three by 43 percent of respondents . But what is innovation ? How can it be quantified , and what does it mean that Apple comes out on top ? Reticle Research analyst Ross Rubin notes there are different kinds of innovation , and different companies excel in different areas . Apple and HTC end patent battle "  Apple 's innovation focuses on bringing together different parts of an ecosystem and tightly integrating them together with meticulous attention to detail " Rubin told Wired via e-mail . "  They refine consumer capabilities in an approachable offering with broad appeal . " Samsung , number four on Booz 's list , takes a different approach than Apple , making a point to incorporate the latest technologies into its products , like large OLED displays and NFC . "  Other companies , like Dell , focus on relatively unglamorous innovation in process and manufacturing , " Rubin said . And then there are companies like Google , whose innovation is largely left to prototypes and concepts , things like Project Glass . "  I think Apple is a leading innovator among tech companies â $ " but innovation comes from many companies , and it 's easy to point to clear examples from many of Apple 's competitors , " Forrester analyst Charles Golvin told Wired . "  A big distinction for Apple is the breadth of areas in which it innovates : hardware , industrial design , software , usability , retail . Many of its competitors are strong in one or more of these areas but not across the board . " iPad Mini review : More than just a smaller face Interestingly , innovation  at least in the surveyors ' eyes  is not tied with R&D spending . Apple 's absolute R&D expenditures rank it 16th within its industry . Microsoft , the top R&D spender in the software and Internet area , was ranked as the sixth most innovative company . In recent months , Apple has come under criticism for its products being largely "  evolutionary , " rather than "  revolutionary "  and even , in some respects , "  utterly boring "  . Because of Apple 's history of innovation , many of us hold higher expectations for Apple than for its competitors . Golvin thinks Apple will continue to be a leader in innovation in the coming years , despite doubts about the company now that Steve Jobs is out of the picture . " -LSB- Jobs ' -RSB- leadership and imprimatur persist in the people that he hired , like Jony Ive , " Golvin said . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	For the third year in a row , Apple tops annual survey of the most innovative companies How can innovation be quantified , and what does it mean that Apple comes out on top ? Recently , some critics say Apple 's products are more "  evolutionary " than "  revolutionary "
With elections scheduled for August , Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan needs this year to be better than the last . But just six months after the damaging Gezi Park protests , the Turkish government is now engulfed in a wide-ranging anti-corruption probe . Police have so far detained more than 50 high-profile suspects , including the sons of three ministers , a real estate tycoon , a mayor and the chief executive of a major state bank . Erdogan has reacted furiously to the allegations , repeating accusations about an international conspiracy that seeks to undermine the stability of Turkey . Hundreds of senior police officers have been sacked or reassigned and the prosecution team has been reshuffled to impede the course of the investigation . The Prime Minister has also removed four ministers tainted by the scandal from their posts and now seems to be laying the path for the retrial of military officers sentenced in coup plot cases known as Ergenekon and Sledgehammer . Read more : Turkey purges police force On the surface , the whirlwind of current events appears to expose a government soft on graft and influence peddling . In reality , the allegations have less to do with justice and probity , and more to do with a clash of interests between Erdogan and Fethullah Gulen , a reclusive Pennsylvania-based Islamic preacher and one-time Erdogan ally against the military and secular establishment . The Gulen movement controls over a hundred schools worldwide , media assets , a bank and diverse businesses , and reputedly has many sympathisers in the judiciary , police and intelligence services . Read more : Turkey -- corruption or power struggle with cleric ? The timing of the corruption allegations is not coincidental . They come ahead of local elections in March , followed by presidential elections in August in which Erdogan plans to run . He needs to achieve an overwhelming victory in the March elections and , in particular , must win Ankara and Istanbul to stamp his authority on the Turkish general elections expected in June 2015 . It is too early to tell whether Erdogan has suffered any loss of popularity . Ultimately , his staying power will depend on the state of the Turkish economy at the time of each respective election . The Erdogan-Gulen trench war is defined by three factors that reflect broader developments . Firstly , Erdogan comes from a Muslim Brotherhood tradition , favoring pan-Muslim solidarity and party politics . Gulen , on the other hand , is an Anatolian group rooted in Turkish nationalism and focused on social and religious activities . These differing traditions , unlike the experience in Arab countries , have ensured a functional separation and conflicting objectives between political Islam and Islamic social movements . The conservative instincts in much of Turkish society , such as an excessive respect for authority at the expense of individual rights , provide fertile ground for Islamic groups to flourish and for conspiracy theories to take hold . According to a recent poll by Ersin Kalaycioglu and Ali Carkoglu , two of Turkey 's leading sociologists , many Turks retain a rural and religious outlook rather than a modern urban perspective prevalent in thriving cities such as London , Paris , New York and Tokyo . In such a setting , personalities tend to trump rule-based institutions and governance , meritocracy is sacrificed for personal connections and interpersonal trust is seriously undermined . No wonder that the media coverage of the anti-corruption investigation has focused principally on two individuals and has ignored the concerns of the Turkish public . ` Middle Income trap ' This conservatism is a critical obstacle to the advancement of democracy and the future prosperity of the Turkish economy and prevents the necessary political , economic and social reforms . In the absence of these reforms , a slow growth regime -- sometimes referred to as a "  Middle Income trap " -- is taking hold . As I discussed in a recent Chatham House report , growth rates of 3 % or lower will become the norm rather than the exception . It is no surprise that the start of the Erdogan-Gulen feud began in 2011 , when Turkey 's rapid growth rate was beginning its decline . Whatever the outcome of the ongoing saga , the seeds of division have been implanted in the informal Islamic coalition between Erdogan supporters and the Gulenists . Reconciliation , though possible , will be increasingly complicated by economic stagnation . Political turmoil may be the outcome in the short-term , but perhaps it may presage the eventual transformation of Turkey into a more robust and stable democracy as this turmoil encourages Turks toward more transparency and stronger institutions . Read more : Turkey -- from bridge to island	Four government ministers were forced to resign after being tainted by a corruption scandal Erdogan has denounced the corruption investigation as part of an "  international conspiracy " Fadi Hakura says the allegations relate to a power struggle between Erdogan and a cleric He says it has disrupted their informal coalition and may lead to a more robust democracy
CNN  -- Pictures of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie 's newborn twins have been published for the first time after a magazine bidding war which news agencies claim topped $ 14 million . Hola ! magazine , the Spanish sister publication to Hello ! , has also published images of the Jolie-Pitt twins . Hello ! magazine , which won international rights to the images , and People magazine , which took U.S. rights , published the photographs in their latest editions , which hit newsstands Monday . The two publications , which have previously secured image rights to the couple 's elder children , are believed to have shared the costs , The Associated Press reported over the weekend . The agency quoted an unnamed source , not authorized to speak about the deal , as saying the pictures had fetched $ 14 million . The images show the couple , newborns Knox Leon and Vivienne Marcheline and the rest of the Jolie-Pitt family -- Maddox , 7 , Pax , 4 , Zahara , 3 , and Shiloh , 2 . The twins were born by Cesarian section at the Lenval hospital in the French Riviera resort of Nice on July 12 . Hello ! magazine , which heralds its coverage as the "  biggest exclusive of the year , " devotes 17 pages of coverage to the twins ' arrival . In an interview published in the magazine , Jolie says : "  Wanting a big family is one of the things that brought Brad and I together . " Pitt adds : "  When Ange and I were told we were having twins we burst into hysterics ... We did n't see this one coming . " Watch why the photos went for so much money " Larry Hackett , the managing editor of People said that it was "  thrilled " to have carried the images . People , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner . Jonathan Klein , co-founder and CEO of Getty Images , which organized the photo shoot , said that all the proceeds would go toward the Jolie-Pitt Foundation , which earlier this year donated $ 1 million to help children in Iraq . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Magazines publish images of Angelina Jolie-Brad Pitt twins for the first time AP : Rights to images secured after $ 14M joint bid by Hello ! and People magazines Vivienne Marcheline and Knox Leon born July 12 in Nice , southern France
CNN  -- Denny 's restaurants across North America were jammed Tuesday with patrons hungry to take advantage of the restaurant chain 's Grand Slam breakfast giveaway . Patrons line up early Tuesday outside a Denny 's restaurant in Salt Lake City , Utah . Denny 's announced in a commercial Sunday during the Super Bowl that it would give away its signature breakfast from 6 a.m. until 2 p.m. local time Tuesday at all its restaurants in the U.S. , Canada and Puerto Rico . Media outlets reported customers lined up outside the doors of many of Denny 's 1,500 locations . Some patrons were still wearing their pajamas and slippers , and strangers were crowding together into booths , CNN affiliate KSL-TV in Salt Lake City , Utah , reported . "  You could n't beat it . I mean it was a beautiful , beautiful breakfast . It was fit for a queen or a king , " diner Annah Shoffner told CNN affiliate WNCN-TV in Raleigh , North Carolina . "  To do this is amazing and not something you hear of every day , especially in today 's economy -- that we 're getting something free , " Debbie Brugger of Essex Junction , Vermont , anticipating a hearty breakfast at a Denny 's in Burlington , told CNN affiliate WCAX-TV . Watch a Denny 's restaurant jammed with customers " A college student who identified himself as DeShawn told CNN affiliate KFSN-TV in Fresno , California , that he came out for the free breakfast "  to do better in class -- brain food , you know ? " A manager at a Denny 's in Raleigh , North Carolina , called the promotion a little "  economic stimulus " for the average hardworking person , CNN affiliate WTVD-TV reported . "  A lot of restaurants in the community have been going out of business , and we 're aggressively going after the business , " Eddie Rice , owner of a Denny 's in Peoria , Illinois , told CNN affiliate WEEK-TV . Rice said he had 2,400 eggs ready to cook at the start of the day . Waitress Terri Gibson told CNN affiliate WMFD-TV that her restaurant in Mansfield , Ohio , was busy but everything was going smoothly and no one was complaining . iReport.com : Miami customers line up for Denny 's meal The company said it was expecting an additional 2 million customers to turn out for the promotion . "  This free offer is our way of reacquainting America with Denny 's real breakfast and with the Denny 's brand , " Chief Executive Nelson Marchioli said in a statement . The Grand Slam breakfast consists of two pancakes , two eggs , two strips of bacon and two sausage links . It weighs in at 44 grams of fat , 56 carbohydrates and 770 calories , according to CNN affiliate KETV in Omaha , Nebraska . iReport.com : Vouchers run out at Georgia Denny 's The Grand Slam started as a baseball-related promotion in Atlanta , Georgia , in the mid-1970s and has been served chainwide since 1977 . Its normal price varies by market but averages around $ 5.99 . Denny 's said it sells 12.5 million Grand Slams a year . CNN 's Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	Restaurant chain gives away signature Grand Slam breakfast for eight hours Patrons line up outside eateries , jam into booths with strangers Denny 's announced promotion during Super Bowl commercial Meal of pancakes , eggs , bacon , sausage reportedly packs 770 calories
EW.com  -- Oprah Winfrey took to Twitter last night to ask Nielsen viewers to watch her cable network OWN , drawing criticism from some followers and investigative scrutiny from the ratings measurement company . "  Every 1 who can please turn to OWN especially if u have a Nielsen box , " she tweeted Sunday evening at the start "  Oprah 's Next Chapter " and the mega-rated Grammy telecast . She later added , "  Commercial Grammy people . . u can turn to OWN . " That tweets caused a backlash on the social networking site , with readers accusing her of "  begging for viewers " and being "  desperate . " Oprah followed up with a flurry of defensive replies that were apparently in response to reader criticism : "  The word ` please ' is used as courtesy not a beg ... ` desperate ' not ever a part of my vocab ... ` unethical ' a little harsh do n't u think ? Seemed like it made sense to me . Sorry if u 're offended . " The original tweet has since been deleted . As Deadline noted , networks are not allowed to specifically target Nielsen subscribers . It 's policy prohibits "  attempts to single out panel members ... to change their viewing habits . " "  In accordance with our policies and procedures , Nielsen is reviewing this incident with our clients and we may withhold , breakout and/or make a note in the ratings , " a Nielsen rep told EW.com . "  We take any violation of our policy seriously and will work with clients to resolve the situation . " Of course , given that 39.9 million people watched the Grammys last night , with CBS crushing rivals , a more effective punishment might be releasing OWN 's ratings instead of holding them back . UPDATE : Oprah Winfrey released this statement : "  I removed the tweet at the request of Nielsen . I intended no harm and apologize for the reference . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Winfrey tweeted , "  Every 1 who can please turn to OWN especially if u have a Nielsen box " That tweets caused a backlash on the social networking site Networks are not allowed to specifically target Nielsen subscribers
CNN  -- There are not many Bond villains who survive to tell the tale of their encounter with 007 . Sebastien Foucan is neither shaken nor stirred , although that 's more than can be said for his character "  Mollaka " -- who was blown to smithereens by Daniel Craig in the 2006 epic "  Casino Royale . " Foucan has proved even more elusive than the acrobatic bomb-maker he portrayed in the villages of Madagascar , where he vaulted through jungle and a construction site , leaping perilously off buildings and cranes . Rather than "  Die Another Day , " the career of Foucan -- known as the founder of free running and a developer of its close relative Parkour -- has taken off in a way he never dreamed of . "  Being in the James Bond movie was just amazing , " the Frenchman tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  It was fantastic working on a big stage , fighting James Bond and having the helicopter shoot everything . "  Knowing that I 've never done any acting , I did n't plan to be in a movie like this . It was just fantastic . "  For the discipline , I think it was a big platform and I think it just made free running bigger and bigger . "  It keeps growing . I worked with Madonna on her ` Confession ' tour and my life changed at this point because I went from being a free runner , an ambassador , to something even bigger . " Foucan has come a long way since running around Paris as a teenager with the likes of Parkour founder David Belle . Parkour -- which is taken from the French word "  parcours " meaning "  route " or "  course " -- consists of being able to "  move freely over and through any terrain using only the abilities of the body , principally through running , jumping , climbing and quadrupedal movement . " Foucan , while a keen student of Parkour in his teens , believed that the discipline was far too narrow and lacked a spiritual aspect . Instead , he created a fusion of the art -- taking Parkour and a new philosophical approach to bring about free running . "  It 's a lifestyle , " he says . "  There is no beginning , no middle and no end . It is part of my life . "  It 's like a bird . When a bird wakes up , it 's a bird , it 's flying , and for me it 's exactly the same thing . "  It 's when I wake up , I am free running ; when I 'm sitting , I 'm still free running . When I talk to you , I 'm thinking about free running . It 's part of me now , it 's like walking . " In 2003 , Foucan finally decided to break away from Parkour after performing in London , where he now resides . His belief that "  all the world is a playground " gives him a feeling of freedom which he treasures . "  Parkour at the beginning was very one-dimensional , " he says . "  It was very A to B , ` we should n't do this , we should n't do that , ' which does n't work for me as an artist . "  I really feel like I want to express myself . I do n't want to have any limitations . "  Free running is known as using the environment and expressing yourself -- which means you can do anything you feel . It 's part of you . "  You can do flips , tricks , swing , anything which is creative and feels beautiful -- it 's more my way . It 's freedom of expression for me . " While most of us would simply walk around our city or neighborhood by using the sidewalk , such an idea is almost alien to Foucan . If there is a slope to slide down or a wall to run up , then he needs no invitation to perform some of the moves witnessed in that breathless sequence where he runs from Bond . "  As soon as I get outside , my mindset turns to free running , " he explains . "  I use the whole environment and instead of just following a straight path , I do my own way of going outside . "  If it 's just to jump , to perform , you have to be really focused on what you 're going to do , where you 're going to put your step , on your technique also because the surface is completely different . "  It can be metal , it can be concrete and there are so many elements -- sometimes you can have also people coming and walking past . "  You need to pay attention and that 's what you 're thinking about before you do a single move . " The expertise to be able to pull off the stunts which Foucan does comes after 20 years of training -- five to seven hours a day . Those who want to apply need only a high level of flexibility , excellent spacial awareness , unparalleled sense of balance and the ability of Spiderman when it comes to jumping and climbing . Yes , even those who suffer from acrophobia -- a fear of heights -- can have a go , says Foucan , who has coped with the problem since his childhood . While his background is in track and field , Foucan is a keen rock climber , plays football and ice skates -- even appearing in a British TV show , "  Dancing on Ice . " All these skills garnered from different sports help to provide new inspiration and ideas for his free running . "  Each time I look at the city , I start to see how functional it can be , " he said . "  It 's normal to walk down the stairs , to go to a different place , but for a practitioner from Parkour to free running , it is important for us to see how functional the environment is "  For example , a slope can be something you can slide down and feel your balance . Stairs -- you can see how many times you can bounce down them . "  We have also got a technique that we call ` tick tack ' where you use the wall to the side . "  The environment is like a computer game where you see a ghost of yourself . You picture a line or a route and you think to yourself , ` Can I do this path ? ' That is how I see the environment . " Free running has become more and more popular in recent years , with Fourcan setting up his own academy . His expertise and advice is invaluable to those fellow thrillseekers who fuel their escapism through adrenaline . But as Fourcan confirms , free running does come with a health warning . "  It is a very risky discipline , " he says . "  If you do n't know what you are doing then you can hurt yourself and even die . "  Fear and risk is a perception and if you do something without knowing what you 're doing , you 're going to be in trouble , you 're going to hurt yourself . "  There is danger everywhere . Whether you 're taking the car , the plane , whether you are Olympic athlete , there is risk and you can hurt yourself . "  People need to know everything required -- dedication and a lot of practice . " Now 39 , you might expect Foucan to be contemplating retirement from such an extreme sport . That option is not even a consideration at this moment in time -- if ever . "  I see myself even more than an athlete , " he says . "  I would see myself as an ultimate athlete . "  In a sense , I 'm closer to an animal , to my inner nature . There is no end of my career ; you do n't have a point where you go , ` Oh , now you 're 29 or 30 years old and now you 're finished . ' "  It does n't work like this for me . It will be forever , I will practice this forever until I die . "	Sebastien Foucan is one of the most successful free runners in the world He moved from Parkour to free running after becoming disillusioned Frenchman appeared in James Bond movie and toured with Madonna He has his own academy in London where he shares his skills and expertise
London  CNN  -- Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , who died Monday at the age of 87 , helped to shape the course of 20th century history -- but not everyone believes the Iron Lady changed things for the better . People around the globe took to Twitter following the announcement of Thatcher 's death to offer tributes , and debate her legacy for Britain and for the world . .	Britain 's former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher died in London Monday at the age of 87 . Thatcher 's admirers and detractors were quick to share their reactions to the news on Twitter .
CNN  In his State of the Union address , President Obama proposed making community college tuition free for two years to boost college graduation rates and lift more people into the middle class . Unfortunately , his plan does n't make the grade . The proposal would not only pile up more debt by further subsidizing runaway college costs , it would also perilously undercut the emergence of more innovative educational programs designed to help students succeed in the workforce . Offering only a lukewarm pathway to the job market , community colleges are incapable of fulfilling the President 's lofty ambitions . Although there are some high-performing community colleges and stellar stories of success for certain students , the overall picture of success at two-year community colleges is dismal . According to the Community College Research Center at Teachers College , Columbia University , only 22 % of students graduate within three years , and 28 % graduate within four . More telling , 80 % of students say they want a bachelor 's degree or higher , and yet only 20 % of these students transfer to a four-year institution within five years . Even for those who earn a community college degree , it often is n't as useful as other options . Thanks to credential inflation , pursuing a professional certification -- which more clearly indicates a person 's skills than a degree -- often pays off better than an associate 's degree , according to Census Bureau data . The conversation around making community college free also masks a larger problem , which is that community colleges are already heavily subsidized and far less affordable than commonly believed . At $ 3,300 , community college tuition is well under the $ 5,730 currently available in Pell Grant aid to low-income students . But the expenditure per student at a community college -- the true cost of the education -- is far higher , about four times more at $ 13,000 per student . That means that more than 60 % of the cost of community college is n't paid for through tuition , but through various forms of government aid at the federal , state and local levels . As a result , even if the President 's plan passed , it would n't help the large number of already-overcrowded community colleges that have waiting lists numbering in the thousands . Tuition is only a small part of the funding needed to educate additional students . What 's more , because of the limited productivity gains possible in the community college model , those costs will continue to rise , which means that tuition will , too . The proposal 's $ 60 billion price over 10 years is likely to grow with only a questionable return on the investment . Opinion : Two years of free community college makes sense The larger question the proposal misses is not how to allow students to afford college , but how to make college affordable . There 's a huge distinction . The focus should be to make postsecondary education less costly and of better quality , such that the question of how to afford it becomes manageable . The President 's proposal merely charges education , in the form of debt for future generations of taxpayers , rather than changes it . Instead we need to encourage students to seek innovative offerings that are lower cost and improve the quality and accessibility of higher education . Such options are emerging . Patten University offers a new online , competency-based program that charges undergraduate tuition of $ 350 per month , or $ 1,316 per term . Tuition includes access to as many courses as one can complete and all the ebooks and course materials needed , and Patten receives no government funding . Another online , competency-based program , Southern New Hampshire 's College for America , charges annual tuition of $ 2,500 . Rather than supporting innovative options like Patten and Southern New Hampshire , the President 's plan would nudge students toward a community college sector that is incapable of repositioning its model around student success and fuel rising college costs . 5 ways community colleges are fixing higher education If enacted , the President 's proposal would be unlikely to achieve its ultimate aims and would exacerbate a larger problem lurking behind college financing . Although the plan amounts to little more than political posturing given the current congressional makeup , it will negatively influence the political conversation around higher education in the years ahead . By supporting free community college , President Obama is merely kicking the can down the road for future generations to confront . We need a better strategy for skills training overall before we go further down the track of subsidizing students to attend community college only to emerge with little to show for it .	In his SOTU , President Obama proposed making community college tuition free for two years Michael Horn : We need a better strategy for skills training before going down the track of subsidizing students
New York  CNN  -- The mother of a woman police identified as one of eight found dead on an isolated strip of waterfront property on Long Island , New York , told CNN that a man using the victim 's cell phone made taunting calls and claimed he killed 24-year-old Melissa Barthelemy . "  Do you think you 'll ever see her again ? , " the unidentified male caller asked Barthelemy 's sister on August 26 , 2009 , according to Steve Cohen , an attorney for the victim 's mother . "  You wo n't . I killed her , " he added and hung up . The phone call ended after less than a minute . Another phone call was placed in July 2009 just days after Barthelemy disappeared . It was the first of seven calls he made from Barthelemy 's cell phone . Cohen said that in the phone call the unidentified male caller referred to Barthelemy as a "  whore " in a short conversation with her then-15-year-old sister . In the final call , the man described in graphic detail to the victim 's sister what he had done sexually to Barthelemy , Cohen said . Barthelemy 's mother and sister kept a journal of the calls that was turned over to police early in the investigation . The content of the calls could help police as they work to put together a profile of the suspected serial killer . Cohen described the man in the calls as "  a calculating , stone-cold killer . " "  He premeditated his acts , " Cohen said . "  He knew what he was doing and my personal belief is that Melissa was not his first victim . He started to get good at this , and he 's getting better at it . " Barthelemy was last seen alive in the Bronx Borough of New York and was later identified among three other bodies found on a quarter-mile stretch of waterfront property near Oak Beach , Long Island . The other three bodies have since been identified as Maureen Brainard-Barnes , 25 , of Norwich , Connecticut ; Amber Lynn Costello , 27 , of North Babylon , New York ; and Megan Waterman , 22 , of Scarborough , Maine . The remains of at least four other people have been found on Long Island but have not been identified in an investigation that stretches back to December . The grisly finds occurred as police searched for Shannan Gilbert , 24 , who was last seen alive in May in the neighboring Gilgo Beach area . Gilbert has not been located . The massive search by police and federal agents in Suffolk and Nassau counties , where the human remains located so far have been found , comes two years after the alleged phone calls . Police said in January that calls from Melissa Barthelemy 's cell phone had been traced to midtown Manhattan , with the two last calls made from around Madison Square Garden and Times Square . The caller hung up too quickly for authorities to pinpoint the exact locations of the calls , police said . The victim 's family has described the calls previously , but only recently revealed the admission of guilt . The four victims who have been identified were all women who advertised prostitution services on websites such as Craigslist , police have said . Meanwhile , aviation teams flying over parts of Long Island had "  identified a significant number of items that are n't natural for the area , " said Nassau County Acting Police Commissioner Thomas Krumpter . But as of Friday , authorities had not uncovered any further human remains . Earlier this week , police discovered skeletal remains -- including a human skull -- prompting the widening search . Police have not said whether the most recent remains are from different people , or if they could have come from the eight victims found previously . Airplanes and helicopters with high-resolution technology are being used in the search effort . The remains found Monday in a Nassau County wildlife preserve were wrapped in a "  black plastic product " similar to a plastic bag , a law enforcement source said Wednesday . The remains "  appeared to be part of a lower extremity , " the source said . Police have said the Long Island remains are not connected to the bodies of four prostitutes found near Atlantic City , New Jersey , in 2006 . Federal agents first joined police in the investigation in December after the first four bodies were found . That discovery on a quarter-mile stretch of Oak Beach indicated that "  they were dumped there by the same person or persons , " Suffolk County Police Commissioner Richard Dormer told reporters at the time . "  It 's too coincidental that there were four bodies in the same location . "	The mother of a victim says a man called claiming he killed 24-year-old Melissa Barthelemy Calls from her cell phone were traced to midtown Manhattan Police and federal agents are searching for skeletal remains on Long Island The remains of at least eight bodies have been found since December
Moscow  CNN  Ever since Vladimir Putin came to power , there have been killings of politicians , of human rights activists , of journalists . Boris Nemtsov , one of Russia 's most prominent opposition figures , is only the latest victim . The key thing all these crimes have in common is that none of them get properly resolved . Of course , the Kremlin will issue condemnation and condolences , as it has done over the assassination of Nemtsov . But the killers and the people who ordered the killings do n't usually end up facing justice -- and if you are an opposition politician in Russia , or a human rights activist , or a journalist , you will know this . If the dangers were n't clear enough , the circumstances of the most recent killing are a stark reminder . It was late Friday night . Boris Nemtsov and his girlfriend Anna Duritskaya , a Ukrainian model , had eaten dinner at plush restaurant on Red Square . Afterwards , despite the chilly weather , they decided to walk back to his apartment , perhaps to take in the stunning views . The Kremlin looks spectacular at night . It was on this short journey , in the heart of Moscow , that the gunman struck , leaving Nemtsov dead within sight of the red Kremlin walls -- walls which , by the way , bristle with security cameras . In the days since , thousands have made pilgrimage to the place where the outspoken Putin critic was shot to pay their respects , leaving a mountain of flowers and personal messages . An opposition rally on Sunday , which Nemtsov was meant to lead , was canceled and replaced with a mourning march past the crime scene . It was the biggest pro-opposition rally in the Russian capital for years . But few who took part could have missed the symbolism , the real message the killers -- whoever they are -- sent by gunning down such a prominent Kremlin critic in the shadow of its towering walls . It 's this : if you oppose the Kremlin , if you criticize its power , if you stand for greater democracy and reform , as Boris Nemtsov did , this could happen to you too . It 's hard to predict what impact this message will have . "  Yet another terrible page has been turned in the history we all share , " wrote Mikhail Khodorkovsky , the once-jailed oligarch-turned Kremlin critic now in exile . "  What the next page holds is up to each and every one of us , " he said , commenting on the death of Nemtsov . The statement was issued under the banner "  We Are Not Afraid " . But many Russians I 've spoken to since the killing are , in fact , very afraid . And while the hope among opposition activists is that Nemtsov 's killing may at least invigorate their ranks , one very real possibility is that it will do the exact opposite : further silence an already very quiet minority opposed to the rule of Vladimir Putin .	A series of Kremlin critics have been murdered since Vladimir Putin came to power The killing of Boris Nemtsov has struck fear into the hearts of Putin 's critics
NEW YORK  CNN  -- After declaring last week that he wo n't publicly discuss his sexual relationships with staffers again , David Letterman continued his mea culpa Monday night -- saying his wife had been "  horribly hurt by my behavior . " David Letterman has mined private events in his life for very public jokes on his show . The host of CBS ' "  Late Show " said he now has to try to repair his relationship with Regina Lasko . "  Either you 're going to make some progress and get it fixed , or you 're going to fall short and perhaps not get it fixed , so let me tell you folks , I got my work cut out for me , " he told the audience . The words came about 15 minutes into the show , but Letterman fired self-deprecating zinger after zinger as soon as he strode on stage and began his opening monologue . Watch Letterman 's apology to his wife " "  I mean , I 'll be honest with you folks , " he said . "  Right now , I would give anything to be hiking on the Appalachian Trail . I got in the car this morning -- and the navigation lady was n't speaking to me . " Letterman added it was fall in the city and that he spent the weekend "  raking my hate mail . " "  And it 's cold , too , " he said . "  I mean chilly outside my house , chilly inside my house . " The audience burst into laughter . Monday 's show was the first that Letterman had taped since he announced Thursday night that he had sex with unnamed members of his staff and had testified about those liaisons before a New York grand jury as part of an alleged extortion attempt . A CBS producer , Robert "  Joe " Halderman , is accused of threatening to go public with embarrassing information about Letterman 's private life , unless the 62-year-old funnyman ponied up $ 2 million . While prosecutors did not reveal where Halderman may have gotten information about Letterman 's private life , one of the comedian 's assistants , identified by Halderman family members and court documents as Stephanie Birkitt , was once the suspect 's live-in girlfriend . A highly placed source close to Letterman told CNN that Birkitt was one of the female staffers involved in sexual relationships with the comedian . "  Last week on the show , I told a little story about being blackmailed . I was n't going to talk about it anymore , but seems like people want to talk about it , " he said as he began his apology in earnest . "  The staff here has been wonderfully supportive to me , not just through this furor , but through all the years that we 've been on television . ... So , again , my thanks to the staff for , once again , putting up with something stupid I 've gotten myself involved in , " he continued . Then he addressed Lasko , whom he began dating in 1986 . The couple married in March and have a 5-year-old son together . All the affairs took place before the marriage , Letterman 's production company has said . "  Now the other thing is my wife , Regina . She has been horribly hurt by my behavior , and when something happens like that , if you hurt a person and it 's your responsibility , you try to fix it . " The show , which airs at 11:30 p.m. ET , is taped earlier in the day . Larry Lefkowitz of Brooklyn Heights , New York , who attended the taping , found Letterman 's apology sincere . "  You could tell he 'd been though a difficult situation and that he was sorry that he hurt other people , but he was also able to keep it funny , throw humor into it , too , " Lefkowitz said . Richard Zoglin , an editor at Time magazine and author of "  Comedy at the Edge : How Standup in the 1970s Changed America , " said he was n't surprised by Letterman letting the scandal play out in public . "  David , of course , is a very private person . But it 's not surprising in the sense that , over the years , what 's made David Letterman a fascinating TV personality is how he 's allowed us these little peeks into his private life and he 's become a more human sort of person , not Mr. Irony , as he started out to be , " Zoglin said on "  Larry King Live . " Watch panel discuss Letterman on "  Larry King Live " " "  I think that this is just another peek inside the real David Letterman . And it 's making him kind of even more fascinating than before . " The suspect in the case , Robert "  Joe " Halderman of Norwalk , Connecticut , is a 27-year CBS veteran , most recently a producer for the network 's news magazine "  48 Hours . " He pleaded not guilty Friday to charges of first-degree attempted grand larceny and has been suspended from his job . If convicted , the 51-year-old could face up to 15 years in prison . Halderman 's lawyer , Gerald Shargel , told NBC 's "  Today " show Monday that Letterman 's self-disclosure is not the only version of events . "  David Letterman did n't give his side of the story . David Letterman gave what he wanted the public to know , " Shargel said . "  He wanted to get out ahead of the story and that 's exactly what he did . He 's a master of manipulating audiences . That 's what he does for a living . So to think that David Letterman gave the entire story and there 's nothing more to be said is simply wrong . " The flood of attention on the "  sextortion " revelations -- as they have come to be called -- is unlikely to die down soon , Letterman acknowledged Monday night . "  Ladies and gentleman , this is only phase one of the scandal , " he joked . "  Phase two ? Next week I go on ` Oprah ' and sob . " CNN 's Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	"  I got my work cut out for me , " David Letterman says of his marriage His mea culpa marks first public comments since last week 's ` sextortion ' revelations During the show , Letterman said he spent the weekend "  raking my hate mail " A CBS producer is accused of threatening Letterman unless he was paid $ 2M
CNN  -- Protesters in Bahrain marched through the streets Friday to criticize government plans to boost cooperation between the island state and Saudi Arabia . The proposed unity plans have heightened already tense relations between Manama and Riyadh , on one side , and Tehran on the other . Though specifics of the proposals are not clear , Bahraini opposition groups are against them because they fear the plans are the latest in a string of attempts to crush dissent . Demonstrations in Bahrain failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings after a government crackdown , backed by troops from nearby Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . Bahrain and other Sunni-ruled countries in the region have accused Shiite-led Iran of meddling in the country 's internal affairs and standing behind the protests , which are ongoing . Tehran has denied involvement . Bahrain is a predominantly Shiite country , ruled by a Sunni royal family . Bahrain 's state news agency BNA reported the government will take legal action against protesters "  who committed violations " during Friday 's rally , organized in part by Al Wefaq , Bahrain 's main Shiite opposition party . It was not clear what laws were broken . The same party was denied permission to rally Saturday outside a U.N. building , BNA reported . Hours before the march , Ayatollah Sheikh Qassim criticized the push for unity during his Friday prayer sermon in Duraz village , north of Manama . "  It is clear that the proposed unity is not one meant to unify the people of the region , " he said . "  The people are not a herd of sheep , nor are they children or dimwitted to give up their freedoms . " Such unity is meant to strengthen the grip of the totalitarian governments and limit liberties , he added . The small island kingdom in the Persian Gulf plays a key strategic role in the Middle East and is home to the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet . Elsewhere in the region , the Arabic-language Al-Alam television network aired video of protests in Tehran , where protesters expressed solidarity with the demonstrations in Bahrain and denounced the unity plans as a "  U.S.-Saudi conspiracy . " The station claimed similar protests took place throughout Iran . CNN could not confirm the report . Leaders of the Gulf Cooperation Council met in Saudi Arabia this week for a meeting to discuss transforming their six nations into a union similar to the European Union . The idea of integrating the GCC nations into one entity -- and replacing what exists now as simply a cooperative -- was first floated by Saudi Arabia in December . The GCC comprises Bahrain , Kuwait , Oman , Qatar , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates .	Protesters see the proposals as a bid to crush dissent Bahrain blames Iran for the anti-government protests Leaders of the GCC met this week to discuss integration
CNN  -- UNESCO on Saturday condemned the destruction of three sacred tombs in Timbuktu , Mali , by Islamic militants who say they will destroy more . The tombs , a 15th century shrine to Muslim saints , are part of a World Heritage site in Timbuktu . The destruction started Friday . "  The militants broke the doors and wooden gates to the grave and then used the cloth inside to set fire to the tomb , " said Sankoum Sissoko , a resident in Timbuktu . "  They started chasing people away , telling them they should n't worship a saint , a human being . " He witnessed the attack together with other Timbuktu residents who had come to the tombs to pray . Timbuktu 's treasures at risk "  The Islamists know a lot of people visit the grave on Fridays . That 's why they attack on those days , " Sissoko said . UNESCO Director-General Irina Bokova called for the militants to stop the destruction immediately . The U.N. agency sponsors cultural , scientific , and educational programs to further peaceful relations between nations . "  Reports that the Mausoleums of Sidi Mahmoud , Sidi Moctar and Alpha Moya have been destroyed is extremely distressing , " she said . "  There is no justification for such wanton destruction and I call on all parties engaged in the conflict to stop these terrible and irreversible acts , to exercise their responsibility and protect this invaluable cultural heritage for future generations . " Timbuktu Muslims on their way to Friday worship at the tombs were stopped and threatened by armed men from Ansar Dine , a militant group that seeks to impose strict Sharia law , Timbuktu Mayor Ousmane Halle said . "  The Islamists have surrounded he tombs with their cars after chasing people away and at the moment they 're destroying the mausoleum of Sidi El Moctar , " Halle said . According to several witnesses the militants said they would n't stop until the destruction was complete . "  Today we will destroy all the mausoleums , " Ansar Dine representative Sanda Ould Boumama said . Just on Thursday , the World Heritage Committee had accepted the request of the Malian government to place Timbuktu on UNESCO 's sites in danger . France , the former colonial power in Mali , also condemned the attack . "  We call for an end to this violence and this intolerance , " France said in a statement . Journalist Katarina Hoije contributed to this report	The tombs are a 15th century shrine to Muslim saints The Ansar Dine militant group has destroyed some of the tombs The Islamist group says people should n't worship saints Timbuktu is a World Heritage site
Washington  CNN  Bernie Sanders might not be a member of the Democratic Party , but the independent senator from Vermont is openly considering a run at the party 's presidential nomination -- and that might not be a problem after all . According to a Democratic National Committee aide , Sanders would not have a problem getting on Democratic primary and caucus ballots because the current party rules do not call for presidential candidates to be registered members of the party . The DNC defines a presidential candidate as someone who "  has accrued delegates in the nominating process and plans to seek the nomination , has established substantial support for his or her nomination as the Democratic candidate for the Office of the President of the United States , is a bona fide Democrat whose record of public service , accomplishment , public writings and/or public statements affirmatively demonstrates that he or she is faithful to the interests , welfare and success of the Democratic Party of the United States , and will participate in the Convention in good faith . " Sanders , according to the DNC aide who asked to be anonymous because he is not yet a candidate , appears to comply with those rules . "  There is no registration requirement , " said the aide . "  You have to be a good faith Democrats , but you do n't have to submit some sort of proof of registration . There is no long form birth certificate required showing you were born a Democrat . " States do have the ability to write their own rules for who qualifies as a candidate in their respective primary or caucus , but the aide said no one at the DNC can recall a state that has ever included being a registered Democrat as a requirement for their presidential candidates . That is the case for Iowa in 2016 , too . "  The Iowa Democratic Party has always welcomed potential candidates for our party 's Presidential nomination with open arms , " said Christina Freundlich , spokeswoman for the Iowa Democratic Party . "  In terms of who is eligible to participate as a candidate , we take our cues from the DNC 's rules . " Tad Devine , a Democratic political consultant working with senator , points out that because Sanders has come up politically in Vermont -- a state with no party registration -- there is actually no way for him to register officially as a Democrat . "  The mechanism does n't exist , " said Devine . The political consultant , however , said that in order to get on the ballot in some states , Sanders would have to "  pledge some allegiance to the Democratic Party . " "  He wo n't have to sign on to every plank of the Democratic platform in order to get in , but he will have to acknowledge that he is running as a Democrat , " Devine said . "  I think Bernie will have to do that . " Sanders has caucused with the Democratic Party ever since he came to Washington as a congressman in 1991 . He unsuccessfully ran for the United States Senate in 1971 as a member of Liberty Union party and , in 1981 , when he successfully ran for mayor of Burlington , Vermont , he did so as an independent . At times , the senator identifies as a democratic  small D  socialist . But now that he is considering a run for the Democratic nomination , his calculation is changing . "  I am getting balder and balder trying to figure these things out , " he said at an event in Washington , D.C. on Monday where he acknowledged -- as he has before -- that he would not run outside the Democratic party establishment . Whether he would change his party affiliation is another story . "  That is a decision I would have to make , " he has said . Devine , the political consultant working with Sanders , put it bluntly : "  Would something stop Bernie from running as a Democrat ? The bottom line answer to that is no . "	A Democratic National Committee aide says the fact Bernie Sanders is n't a registered Democrat might not be a presidential problem for him The party defines "  bona fide Democrats " as someone "  whose record of public service , accomplishment , public writings " comport with the party Sanders has been an independent since the 1980s , but has caucused with the Democrats since coming to Congress in 1991
Editor 's note : Global Mail  -- The night Bob Hawke lost the Labor leadership 20-odd years ago , I was a tender recruit to the Canberra press gallery who found myself , fortuitously , marooned at the Prime Minister 's office door whilst the Labor caucus was dispatching the occupant . Mistaken by security guards -- then hastily clearing nearby corridors -- as a Prime Ministerial staffer , I was left to witness Hawke 's return to his office and his waiting family as an ex-Prime Minister , at that time the only one to be rejected by his own party . Hawke came striding out of the caucus room , chin forward , moist eyes straight ahead , a clutch of dejected staff trailing behind . At the same moment his office door opened and out burst his then-wife , Hazel , sobbing . Either she 'd been expecting the worst or , more probably , there had been a phone call telegraphing it . She flung herself at her husband . Hawke gathered her up , telling her "  Do n't cry , do n't cry . " And as he disappeared into his office , he barked : "  I need a bloody cup of tea . " If the humiliation of that evening 's historic rejection winded him , Hawke did n't show it . Soon afterwards trolleys of liquor were rolling along the corridors of Parliament House and Hawke hosted a wake that went for hours , open to all comers . He angered , in my sight , only once that night ; he rounded on a particular reporter who had showered him with sympathy but who , in Hawke 's view , had been long doing the bidding of the victor , Paul Keating . Australian FM Kevin Rudd resigns Never before had the Labor Party dumped a serving Prime Minister , yet Hawke 's equanimity -- outwardly at least -- was striking . You might have said he seemed both resigned and liberated about the loss of the job he 'd held for nearly nine years . Of course , the long contest with Keating had been aggravating to Hawke and sapping for his Government ; Keating had effectively launched his challenge late the year before , in 1990 , when he contended , in his PlÃ ¡ cido Domingo speech , that Australia had never had a great Prime Minister . Then he challenged Hawke in mid-1991 , lost and went to the back bench until his second -- and successful challenge -- at the end of that year . Hawke , the Labor Party and most Australians knew that Keating had Hawke lined up for the kill . Not so Kevin Rudd . It has been an undeclared , subterranean campaign to reinstall Rudd in the Prime Minister 's office -- one from which the candidate has , until now , been able to stay aloof . Rudd has portrayed himself as busy and contented within the Cabinet under Julia Gillard . As he described it last week , he has been "  a happy little Vegemite " being Australia 's foreign minister . Invariably for Rudd , questions about the quality of the Labor Party leadership , the propriety of those who removed him from the Prime Minister 's office or of who posted the now-infamous video of his rage on YouTube all are questions that should , he contends , be asked of "  others . " Thus he causes those others -- and we mostly know who he means -- to fall under suspicion . And in the resulting public imagery , it is not Rudd who is seeking to return to the Prime Minister 's office ; rather it is a semi-reluctant Rudd who is being ferried along by a group of ministers , MPs and Labor fixers who believe the only way that Labor can win against Tony Abbott and the Coalition at the next election is for Rudd to resume the leadership . Gillard calls for Australian Labor Party leadership vote Their tactic has been to avoid having Rudd , unlike Keating , seen as an active seeker of his Prime Minister 's job . The reasons are two-fold . The Rudd camp has not wanted to give the Prime Minister a reason to confront them head-on because to do so would be to risk provoking a leadership ballot before Rudd has assembled the numbers he needs -- and it 's still doubtful that he has . Second , for Rudd to be seen publicly tearing at Gillard 's leadership would play to a series of strong negatives -- that Rudd is motivated by revenge , that he has no regard for governance , that he is attacking a woman , that he has a monstrous sense of entitlement . It may even be true , as some of Rudd 's campaigners have claimed privately in the past few days , that Rudd did not set out to regain his old job after he was deposed by Gillard back in mid-2010 . That instead , the ongoing poor opinion polling for the Labor Party , some avoidable stumbles by Gillard , stubborn resentment within the electorate about the manner of her ascendancy and the blandishments of some of his colleagues combined to persuade Rudd that his return was feasible . But Rudd had to be seen to be drafted by his party back into the Prime Minister 's office . Behind the scenes of Australia 's political ` soap opera ' That plan still seemed intact until 1.38 pm on Saturday February 18 , when a You Tube user , under the name of HappyVegemiteKR , uploaded a video showing a frustrated and increasingly furious Rudd attempting to complete a video message in the Chinese language but stumbling over the words . Filmed at least two years ago in his office , while he was Prime Minister , the video contained Rudd 's unusable , profane outtakes , plenty of teeth-gnashing , wild-eyed fury , and blaming others including the "  dickheads in the embassy . " Because the footage most likely had been retained in a Government archive , suspicion falls on the Prime Minister 's office or somewhere nearby as HappyVegemiteKR 's source . This conspiracy Gillard denies , but the enquiry , Rudd says , is another of those "  questions for others . " Whatever its source , HappyVegemiteKR 's video most likely will be remembered as much for the entertainment provided by a filthy Rudd , as for the trigger that brought his leadership challenge into the open . Rudd learned of HappyVegemiteKR 's You Tube activity early on Saturday evening as he was eating a Thai take-away meal at his Brisbane home with Bruce Hawker , the Sydney-based political strategist who has guided many Labor election campaigns . Hawker is now openly connected to the Rudd campaign 's camp and helped advise Rudd that night . "  The conspiracy theorists are out in number , " says Hawker . "  But I was with him , and he was embarrassed and concerned and understood that he had to manage the problem quickly . The complication was that he was leaving the country the next morning . So the decision was made to contact Sky , which is a 24-hour news channel , and do an interview . As it turned out , I think that was the appropriate thing to do . " Prompted and legitimized by the leaked video , by midnight Saturday Rudd was on Sky News , effectively sending to the Labor Party and Australians a revised CV that set down his qualifications for another shot at the Prime Minister 's job . Apologizing for his language in the video , he said he had changed since being deposed by Gillard almost 20 months ago . He had learned to delegate more , to become less angry and listen up - especially to his colleagues . It was a coded application for the return of his former job . And it was reinforced on Rudd 's behalf on Monday morning when the former Queensland Labor Premier , Peter Beattie , publicly urged the Prime Minister to hold a leadership ballot . The Queensland band of brothers -- Rudd , Beattie and Bruce Hawker -- succeeded , finally , in flushing out publicly the Prime Minister 's senior ministerial supporters to concede that which they have been careful for weeks not to : Gillard 's leadership is under siege from within her own Cabinet and party room . Tactically the day was a victory for Rudd ; the leadership issue was out in public and now , sooner or later , it will have to be confronted . There is anxiety and uncertainty on both sides over whether they have the numbers . Gillard is not going to a ballot , yet , and behaves as if life is business as usual in her dealings with the man she calls her foreign minister , usually  and unusually  not by his name . And Rudd is in the Mexican resort city of Los Cabos at a G20 meeting and will not return to Australia until the weekend . Will he force a challenge when parliament returns on February 27 ? Bruce Hawker -- a man who might know -- offers this : "  I think , nevertheless , once Rudd is back in town , there is going to be another buildup of pressure for this matter to be resolved once and for all . " Should Rudd force a ballot ? "  I do n't know exactly how this is going to be played out . There are various scenarios but one thing that seems completely implausible is that it 's just going to go away and that people will forget about it and move on to another issue . This is a boil that has to be lanced . " Gillard , you would expect , knows that . She 's wielded that lance before . Read the original piece in The Global Mail The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bernard Lagan and The Global Mail .	Julia Gillard replaced Kevin Rudd as prime minister in 2010 after he lost Labor Party support Comparisons drawn with contest between Bob Hawke and Paul Keating more than 20 years ago Rudd was brought back as Foreign Minister and portrayed himself content serving Gillard But the Australian media have speculated he may challenge for the party leadership
CNN  -- There are few sports that are so dominated by a single person like the way the women 's pole vault is ruled by 26-year Russian Yelena Isinbayeva . Eyes on the prize : Yelena Isinbayeva has often complained about a lack of real competition in her event . Every time the world and Olympic champion competes it is expected that she will spring to new heights and push women 's pole-vaulting to new levels . She has broken the world record 16 times , almost equaling the feat of the great Sergey Bubka , who broke the men 's outdoor pole vault record 17 times between 1984 and 1994 . Since jumping to her first world record in 2003 and becoming the first woman to jump over 5-meters in 2005 she as also become something of a glamorous sporting celebrity . After setting five new world records in 2005 , it took almost three years for her to set a new mark of 5.04 m in July 2008 , a fallow period that made her pursuit of world records a personal matter . After setting her world record mark in July this year at a competition in Monte Carlo , she told press : "  I wanted to improve my personal best and that 's what I did . I see this world record as a personal one . " A driven and focused competitor , she has also become famous for her coolness under pressure . Before her latest world record jump she was driving around the track in the back of a vintage car with sprinter Asafa Powell , while her fellow competitors had already started the competition . Not shy of media and publicity , her sporting achievements , athleticism and looks have made her a pin-up for women 's athletics and attracted a number of big-name sponsors . While her achievements can be allied to that of Bubka it has been noted that her media - and sponsor-friendly attitude makes her more akin to compatriot Maria Sharapova . Her celebrity status is a world away from her modest background . Born in Volgograd in 1982 it was only until a couple of years ago that she lived with her parents and younger sister in the city of her birth , before moving to Monte Carlo . She trained first of all as a gymnast until the age of 15 when her coach decided she was too tall . Commentators and fellow competitors have noted that her gymnastic training has helped give her an extra edge in the event . After defending her title in Beijing , her place in the sporting pantheon of great female athletes seems secure . While emulating Bubka , Isinbayeva has said before that closing the gap between the heights the men and women can jump is another of her personal challenges , and with her own talent and the help of Bubka 's former coach she may go a long way towards achieving that .	World and Olympic pole vault champion Yelena Isinbayeva dominates her sport Has broken the world record 15 times since 2003 ; first woman to clear 5m Media-friendly looks and talent have made her very bankable sports start
Washington  CNN  -- A post-mortem Sunday of the mid-term elections provided little evidence that Democrats and Republicans will work together to address major issues such as deficit reduction any better than they have in recent years . Republicans interviewed on talk shows promised congressional investigations , an all-out effort to repeal health care reform , and steadfast opposition to any form of higher taxes . Democrats , meanwhile , said the losses they suffered in the congressional elections reflected voter dissatisfaction with lingering high unemployment in the slow recovery from economic recession , rather than an outright repudiation of their policies . Republicans won more than 60 seats formerly held by Democrats to take majority control of the House , and also narrowed the Democratic majority in the Senate , while winning the lion 's share of governors ' races around the country . When asked what they would do with their greater power , GOP legislators offered a hard-line agenda that left little room for middle-ground compromise . Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , considered a likely presidential contender in 2012 , told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that he advocated repealing the health care bill and ensuring that government operates on the revenues available . Voters want to see results on creating jobs , and if Republicans do n't produce , "  we 'll be thrown out in two years , " Pawlenty said . Republican Rep. Eric Cantor of Virginia , who is expected to become the new House majority leader in January , questioned on "  Fox News Sunday " whether there was any benefit to compromising with President Barack Obama . The question was not whether Obama was willing to work with Republicans , as he stated last week , but , "  Are we willing to work with him ? " Cantor asked . "  I mean , first and foremost , we 're not going to be willing to work with him on the expansive liberal agenda he 's been about , " Cantor said . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , told the CBS program "  Face the Nation " that agreement exists on some specific provisions , but he refused to signal any willingness to compromise . "  We anticipate we 'll be able to do the people 's business in areas on which we agree , " McConnell said . In Mumbai , India , on Sunday , Obama told a student at a town hall-style meeting that the election results showed he needed to make adjustments after two years in office . After explaining he must stick to core policies such as education and infrastructure investment and clean energy development , Obama said he also needs to "  make some mid-course corrections and adjustments . " "  How those play themselves out over the next several months will be a matter of me being in discussions with the Republican Party , " the president said , adding : "  There are going to be areas where we disagree and hopefully there are going to be some areas where we agree . " However , beyond four items listed by McConnell -- nuclear energy and electric-car development , clean coal technology , and expanded free-trade agreements -- Republicans offered no other areas of agreement . The first issue likely to come up when Congress reconvenes next week in a lame-duck session will be whether to extend Bush-era tax cuts scheduled to expire at the end of the year . Obama wants to extend the lower tax rates for income below $ 200,000 a year for individuals and $ 250,000 a year for families , saying that means 98 percent of Americans wo n't be subject to a de facto tax increase . Republicans oppose higher tax rates for anyone , including the nation 's wealthiest 2 percent , arguing it would harm small business owners who traditionally bring about significant job creation . In an interview to be broadcast Sunday night on the CBS program "  60 Minutes , " Obama expressed a willingness to compromise , perhaps by extending the lower tax rates for wealthy Americans for a two-year period as long as everyone else also maintains their current lower rates . McConnell , however , made clear that Republicans believe no one should have their tax rates return to the higher levels of the 1990s . "  We do n't have a revenue problem ; we have a spending problem , " McConnell said , repeating a line parroted by Republicans on other shows . "  So the whole nomenclature surrounding this -- that somehow we 're doing people a favor by giving them their own money back -- I just do n't accept . The government is too big . It needs to be shrunk . " Other GOP positions spelled out Sunday included reducing non-military "  discretionary " spending -- such as department and agency budgets , but not including entitlement programs like Medicare and Social Security -- to 2008 levels , reducing federal wages and cutting the federal workforce . A unanimous Republican policy is to try to get the health care reform bill repealed . While acknowledging Obama and the Democrats will almost certainly be able to stave off full repeal , Republican lawmakers including McConnell , Cantor and others advocated cutting funding and mounting legal challenges to hinder implementation of the measure until they can try to defeat Obama in 2012 . Some of the Republican opponents of the bill also called for keeping popular provisions touted by Obama and Democrats , such as preventing insurance companies from dropping coverage when people get sick , or denying coverage due to pre-existing conditions . "  We 're going to do everything we can to try and repeal and replace this thing , " Republican Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , expected to be the new chairman of the House Budget Committee , said on "  Fox News Sunday . " Democratic Rep. James Clyburn of South Carolina told CBS that the Republicans were on the wrong side of history on the health care issue . Clyburn noted that similar calls for repeal followed landmark legislation in the past including the Voting Rights Act of 1965 that allowed African-Americans to vote . "  The fact of the matter is what we did with health care is to make that a fundamental right of every citizen , " Clyburn said . Amid the legislative wrangling will be new investigations by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Republican Rep. Darrell Issa of California , the expected new chairman of the panel in January , told the Fox program . He cited White House attempts to influence candidates to drop out of primary elections , as occurred in the Pennsylvania Senate race , as one issue to be investigated . Issa 's committee also will support a Judiciary Committee probe of alleged voter intimidation by two members of the New Black Panther Party at a Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , voting station in 2008 , he said . Issa later told reporters that he currently had no plans to issue subpoenas to members of the Obama administration . "  There 's a history of corruption in American politics at the presidential level that goes back to Andrew Jackson , " Issa said . "  I think what we have to do is look for the places where we can make changes , and make those changes , and try to get the administration to do what they need to do to comply . " Meanwhile , signs of friction within the Republican Party also appeared Sunday , with conservative lawmakers pushing plans not favored by some in the GOP congressional leadership . Republican Sen. Jim DeMint of South Carolina , who supported Tea Party candidates across the country in toppling mainstream contenders in GOP primaries , called for a halt to all congressional earmarks as part of a conservative action plan against high spending . McConnell , however , said the issue was more complex than just spending , involving whether the legislature has the authority to determine exactly how money gets spent . DeMint made clear that he and the new Tea Party conservatives rejected McConnell 's position . "  I know there 's some senior members in Congress who think it 's their job to bring home the bacon , " DeMint said on the NBC program "  Meet the Press . " He called such thinking "  parochial politics " against the national interest and said : "  We ca n't do that anymore . " One of those Tea Party-backed winners Tuesday , Senator-elect Rand Paul of Kentucky , offered a potential major concession on the ABC program "  This Week " when he said military spending should be part of the cuts needed to balance the federal budget . Republicans traditionally push for increased military spending and have generally made clear they favor cutting only non-military discretionary spending , and McConnell said Paul would have to persuade his new colleagues to support him . "  Well , you know , he 's going to have an opportunity in the Senate to offer all of those ideas , " McConnell said . "  We 'll get votes on them . "	GOP targets health care reform , government spending "  Are we willing to work with him ? " Cantor says of President Obama Obama says he needs to make "  mid-course " corrections and adjustments
It 's bad enough that we have to fear identity thieves who are trying to scam us with malicious messages sent from PCs . We now must worry about being targeted by our household appliances , as well . An Internet-security firm has discovered what they are calling a global cyberattack launched from more than 100,000 everyday consumer gadgets such as home-networking routers , televisions and at least one "  smart " refrigerator . It 's being called possibly the first proven cyberattack to originate from connected appliances -- the so-called "  Internet of Things . " Proofpoint said the attack occurred between December 23 and January 6 , and featured waves of malicious e-mail targeting businesses and individuals worldwide . In a post on the Proofpoint site , the company said the scam involved more than 750,000 e-mails from more than 100,000 appliances that had been commandeered by "  thingbots , " or robotic programs that can be remotely installed on digital devices . It was not immediately clear Friday which victims were targeted and whether the scammers were successful in collecting any personal information . "  Bot-nets are already a major security concern and the emergence of thingbots may make the situation much worse , " said David Knight , general manager of Proofpoint 's Information Security division . "  Many of these devices are poorly protected at best and consumers have virtually no way to detect or fix infections when they do occur . -LSB- We -RSB- may find distributed attacks increasing as more and more of these devices come online and attackers find additional ways to exploit them . " Recent years have seen an explosion in the number of devices fitted with Internet connectivity , from eyewear to toothbrushes to refrigerators and beyond . Earlier this week , Google paid $ 3.2 billion to acquire Nest , a company that makes smart home thermostats . The International Data Corporation  IDC  predicts there will be more than 30 billion connected devices in the world by 2020 . Proofpoint 's findings suggest that just as personal computers can be unknowingly compromised and used to launch large-scale cyberattacks , so can any smart household appliance . And poorly protected "  smart " devices may be easier to infect and control than PCs , laptops or tablets . A sophisticated hack was not needed to compromise the appliances in this attack . Instead , the use of default passwords left the devices completely exposed on public networks , according to Proofpoint . The company also noted that connected appliances typically are n't protected by anti-spam or anti-virus software , nor are they routinely monitored for security breaches .	Security firm : Global cyberattack was launched from more than 100,000 everyday appliances Gadgets included routers , televisions and at least one "  smart " refrigerator Proofpoint said the attack occurred between December 23 and January 6 Poorly protected "  smart " devices may be easier to infect and control than PC , laptops , or tablets
CNN  -- An Ohio firefighter faces jail time and may lose his job for shooting his two dogs to death rather than pay to board them while he went on a cruise . Columbus , Ohio , firefighter David Santuomo shot his two dogs in his home 's basement , prosecutors say . Columbus firefighter David P. Santuomo , 43 , took Sloopy and Skeeter to his home 's basement , suspended them from a pipe near the ceiling and fired at least 11 shots from a .22 - caliber rifle fitted with a homemade silencer , Franklin County Prosecuting Attorney Ron J. O'Brien said . Santuomo then wrapped the carcasses in plastic and dumped them in a trash bin behind Firehouse 27 , where he worked , O'Brien said . "  This is pretty heinous , " said Cheri Miller , spokeswoman for the Capital Area Humane Society , which carried out a search warrant in Santuomo 's home . The humane society has limited law enforcement powers in Franklin County . Santuomo pleaded guilty in June to two misdemeanor counts of improperly killing a companion animal and a felony count of possession of a criminal tool . Santuomo had fashioned a makeshift silencer by taping a 2-liter soda bottle to the end of the rifle . The incident happened in December . Miller said appalled fellow firefighters turned Santuomo in to authorities . "  There were reports that he was bragging about this , " she said . Santuomo initially told investigators the dogs had ingested antifreeze and he killed them to put them out of their misery , Miller said . However , after necropsies showed the dogs were not poisoned , the firefighter admitted shooting them because he could n't afford to board them , she said . Public records show Santuomo has twice filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy protection and underwent a home foreclosure in 2003 . The Columbus Division of Fire has received more than 2,000 outraged e-mails and calls from the public , said Battalion Chief David Whiting , the department 's spokesman . "  People are not very happy , " he said . "  We had people say they should do to him what he 's done to the dogs . A lot of people want him fired . They do n't want him coming into their house . They 're worried about their animals ; they 're worried about their kids . They 'd just as soon let their house burn down if he shows up . " The Division of Fire has concluded an internal investigation , including interviews with Santuomo , Whiting said . The report now goes to Fire Chief Ned Pettus Jr. , who will schedule a disciplinary hearing . Punishment , if any , could range from a verbal reprimand to firing , Whiting said . With appeals and possible arbitration , the whole process could take a month or more , he said . In the meantime , Santuomo is working in the division 's fire alarm office , "  where he is not dealing face to face with the public , " Whiting said . If he remains employed with the fire division , he will return to his regular assignment , though that could bring a new set of challenges , Whiting added . "  If someone did this that worked next to you at work , how would you feel about working with him ? " Whiting asked . "  We 'll cross that bridge when we come to it . ... There are a lot of options . " Santuomo has only minor disciplinary matters , such as tardiness , in his record , Whiting said . Santuomo was sentenced to 90 days in jail , to be served in 10-day increments over the next two years . He also has to pay $ 4,500 in restitution , perform 200 hours of community service , stay away from companion animals for five years and write a letter of apology to be published in the local newspaper and the International Association of Firefighters magazine , the humane society 's Miller said . Santuomo 's attorney said that his client is remorseful over his actions and that people need to temper their outrage . "  It 's the same old story . They could n't care less about people and they love animals , " lawyer Sam Shamansky said . The firefighter , who could not be reached for comment , has no criminal history other than traffic violations , Shamansky said . "  It , of course , was a heinous act , and it 's an act for which he 's sorry and has accepted responsibility , " Shamansky said of the dog killings . "  He 's been punished appropriately , and I think it 's now time for the public to practice what they preach and show a little forgiveness and mercy . Maybe that might be a novel approach . "	Columbus , Ohio , firefighter ties his two dogs in basement , shoots them David Santuomo dumped carcasses in firehouse trash bin He gets 90-day jail sentence , to be served 10 days at a time Fire division discipline could range from verbal reprimand to discharge
CNN  -- In Monday 's foreign policy debate , President Barack Obama said former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney had criticized his administration for being too tough against China and bringing a protectionist case at the World Trade Organization . The statement : Obama cited a case in which the Chinese "  were flooding us " with cheap tires . "  And we put a stop to it and as a consequence saved jobs throughout America . I have to say that Gov. Romney criticized me for being too tough in that tire case ; said this would n't be good for American workers and that it would be protectionist , " Obama said . CNN Fact Check : Romney , Obama and Iraq The facts : In 2009 , the Obama administration sought tariffs against China for dumping tires into the United States . The World Trade Organization upheld the tariffs . On its website , Romney 's campaign cites where the Republican candidate addressed the case in his 2010 book "  No Apology . " "  President Obama 's action to defend American tire companies from foreign competition may make good politics by repaying unions for their support of his campaign , but it is decidedly bad for the nation and our workers , " Romney said . "  Protectionism stifles productivity . " The result was indeed inherently protectionist , according to Douglas Paal , vice president for studies at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  It means it will raise prices for American consumers on tires , both domestic and imported , " Paal said . But the case was a minor one in the overall scheme of things , he added . Both sides have engaged in such symbolic activity , "  but neither is willing to take action that would seriously affect economic relations between our two economies , " he added . CNN Fact Check : Comparing costs of Iraq , Libya missions The subject of China has been raised over and over during the campaign , with each candidate accusing the Chinese of stealing American jobs through unfair trade practices . In broad terms , both men offered similar views , even using some of the same language : "  China is both an adversary , but also a potential partner in the international community if it 's following the rules , " Obama said . "  So my attitude coming into office was that we are going to insist that China plays by the same rules as everybody else . " "  They 're making some progress ; they need to make more , " said Romney , who vowed to label China a currency manipulator on his first day as president . "  They have to understand we want to trade with them . We want a world that 's stable . We like free enterprise , but you got to play by the rules . " First , has China really stolen U.S. jobs ? The numbers say yes . Since China entered the World Trade Organization in 2001 , the U.S. trade deficit with China "  eliminated or displaced more than 2.7 million U.S. jobs , " according to a report published in August by the Economic Policy Institute , a left-of-center think tank . The primary category from which jobs have been lost has been in the manufacturing sector . The candidates have complained because , while the United States allows the free market , in large part , to dictate how much a dollar is worth and how much people will be paid in the United States , China uses its power to keep wages low . CNN Fact Check : Obama 's apology tour ? So , while the Bureau of Labor Statistics says the average employer has to pay about $ 35 per hour in salary and benefits to hire a worker on a production line , a Chinese factory pays only about $ 1.36 per hour for the same work . In response , many companies have moved jobs to China to take advantage of the lower wages . Consequently , Chinese products tend to be cheaper to buy all over the world . The result has been that Chinese exports to the United States have soared in recent years , while U.S. exports to China have lagged far behind . What can a U.S. president do about that ? Probably not much . If the United States were to raise trade barriers , China could do the same . If the United States were to forbid U.S.-based companies from shipping jobs to China , that might leave U.S. companies less competitive in the world market . And if China were to say it is no longer interested in buying U.S. debt , that could make it harder for the U.S. government to borrow the money it needs to operate . The conclusion : In the tire case above , Obama is correct in his characterization of Romney 's position . In the larger case of what to do about U.S.-China relations , both candidates have promised to get tough . But that will hardly be the last word . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks	The Chinese "  were flooding us " with cheap tires , Obama says "  Gov. Romney criticized me for being too tough in that tire case " Romney said Obama 's action was "  decidedly bad for the nation "
CNN  -- Ukraine has been hit by protests during the past few weeks , as the country finds itself split between the rest of Europe and Russia . What sparked the protests ? The protests began in November , when Ukraine 's president , Viktor Yanukovych , did a U-turn over a trade pact with the European Union that had been years in the making . Yanukovych refused to sign the agreement , which would have strengthened cooperation with the European Union , opting instead for closer ties with neighboring Russia . Since November 21 hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians have taken to the streets of Kiev to demand that the EU deal be signed . The epicenter of the protest has been in the city ' central Independence Square , known as the Maidan . The demonstrations are the biggest the country has seen since the Orange Revolution which toppled the country 's government nine years ago . Protesters in Ukraine see the demonstrations as a way of choosing between Europe and Russia . CNN contributor David Frum says the stakes are even higher now than they were in 2004-05 : "  Upholding Ukrainian independence is a deep concern , not only to the Ukrainians , but to all the free countries of Europe -- and thus to the United States ... What 's at stake in the streets of Kiev is the future of the European continent . " Why did Yanukovych refuse to sign the EU deal ? Viktor Yanukovych , who has been in power since 2010 , said he could not sign the trade and political association deals with the EU because of Ukraine 's "  complex economic situation . " He said Ukraine could not afford to sign the deal , alluding to economic pressure from Russia , which had threatened its neighbor with trade sanctions . "  The Ukrainian government will suspend the negotiations for signing the Association Agreement with the EU , until we find a solution for the situation is found and when the drop in industrial production and our relations with CIS countries are compensated by the European market , otherwise our country 's economy will sustain serious damage , " said Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Yuriy Boiko when the EU deal was suspended . Russian President Vladimir Putin has not publicly admitted pressuring Yanukovych into foregoing the agreements , which would have moved Ukraine further from Russia 's sphere of influence , instead insisting he wants the country 's difficulties to be resolved . "  I very much hope that all political forces of the country will manage to come to an agreement in the interest of the Ukrainian people and solve all the piles of problems , " Putin said in his State of the Nation address on Thursday . But as Ulrich Speck , visiting scholar at the Carnegie Europe think tank in Brussels , wrote in a piece for CNN , Putin wants to see Ukraine -- and other former Soviet republics -- brought back into line with Russia "  through integration into a Moscow-led customs union which in the future shall be transformed into a fully-fledged ` Eurasian Union ' . " Another factor in Yanukovych 's decision not to sign the deal is likely to have been the EU 's demands that he free former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , his political opponent , from jail . Russia said Thursday December 12 that the European Union is trying to bully Ukraine into signing a free trade deal against the wishes of the majority of Ukrainians . "  The EU offers a token package , which is not of any interest to the Ukrainian government , " Alexei Pushkov , head of the Foreign Affairs Committee in Russia 's Parliament , told CNN 's Hala Gorani , who was sitting in for Christiane Amanpour . Tymoshenko was found guilty of abuse of office in a Russian gas deal two years ago , and sentenced to seven years in prison in a case widely seen as politically motivated . On Thursday December 12th , The EU 's foreign policy chief , Catherine Ashton , spoke to Yanukovych and told CNN afterwards that he "  still wishes to sign the association agreement with the European Union . " Pushkov said he was not so sure . "  He never actually rejected the possibility of signing a deal with the European Union , " he said . "  But he said on many occasions that he is not happy with the content of the deal . " Why is Ukraine torn between the EU and Russia ? Ukraine is the biggest frontier nation separating Russia and the EU . Once part of the Soviet Union , the country gained its modern Independence in 1991 following the fall of the Berlin Wall . Since then , Ukraine has made an effort to move towards Western ideals when it comes to politics and human rights , but the nation is still ranked 144th out of 177 countries in Transparency International 's corruption index . The Ukrainians who have taken to the streets in recent weeks say they want to see a better-governed , less corrupt and politically liberal country , more closely aligned with its western neighbours . "  People see a prosperous , well-governed EU next to their borders -- in sharp contrast with their own economic and political misery , " wrote Speck , in his piece for CNN . "  That 's why they are on the streets now , in Kiev and elsewhere . " Under Soviet rule , many Ukrainian farmers lost their lands and homes , and many ethnic Russians settled in the Ukraine . Under Soviet Rules the country 's people their language and culture all suffered . "  No nation suffered more from Soviet communism than the Ukrainians , " wrote Frum in his recent piece for CNN . "  Ukrainian farmers lost their lands and homes to Soviet collectivization ... millions died in the man-made famine that followed ... their language and culture were stunted under Moscow rule ; their intellectuals and writers were suppressed , banished , murdered , and defamed . " This caused a split which still exists in the Ukraine today , where a strong east-west divide remains , with the East of the nation being mostly Russian-speaking , with a large ethnic Russian population , and the West of the country being Ukrainian . Ukraine 's economy has been slow to follow its western neighbours who were also under Soviet control -- Poland , for example , where the economy has grown exponentially . Poland was not part of USSR , but can say "  also part of the Soviet Union or under Soviet control -- for example , Poland , where the economy has grown exponentially . " By contrast , Ukraine 's economy has deteriorated further and has suffered its worst years since the fall of the Soviet Union . . Many Ukrainians hope that an EU deal would offer the chance of economic recovery . Why is Russian gas a key issue ? Ukraine with a population of over 45 million is heavily dependent on Russian gas to keep the country running during its bitterly cold winters . Its geographic location it is also a key transit country through which gas flows to many countries in Europe . This puts Russia in a commanding position -- energy is a lever the Russians have used in the past , either by cutting off supplies in mid-winter  most recently in 2009  or by promising price cuts or increases . Ukraine , with a population of 45 million , is heavily dependent on Russian gas to keep the country running during its bitterly cold winters . How does the situation affect the rest of the region ? The West -- the EU , together with the US -- has been working on its relations with former Soviet Bloc countries for over two decades , with the aim of restoring democratic rule and improving quality of life for Ukrainians . It views the decision by Ukraine , the largest of the former republics , not to partner up with the EU as bowing to Russian pressure . Ukraine is something of a pawn between Russia and the West . For the West , the deal would mean its reach would spread further east ; by contrast , the Russians see the Ukraine as key to holding on to their turf . When asked about the situation in Ukraine , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov insisted it was a "  domestic issue " and that it is the prerogative of the government to decide whether to sign the agreement .	Ukraine protests are the country 's largest in nine years The country finds itself split between closer ties with the EU and cooperating more with Russia The country is heavily dependent on Russian gas , especially during its bitter winters Russia says the situation in Ukraine is a "  domestic issue "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- It 's a boy ! Jessica Simpson gave birth to little Ace Knute Johnson via a scheduled C-section Sunday in Los Angeles , her rep told CNN . It 's the second child for the 32-year-old singer/TV personality and her fiance , former NFL player Eric Johnson . Ace has a big sister , 1-year-old Maxwell Drew . The "  Fashion Star " mentor accidentally revealed that she and Johnson were expecting a boy on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " in March . "  It 's a total different pregnancy . I just feel awful ... I 've been vomiting , " Simpson told Kimmel . "  The crazy thing is , I never knew a wiener could actually make me nauseous . " After realizing what she said , Simpson clarified , "  Well , I guess I just told the world I 'm having a boy . "	Jessica Simpson gives birth via scheduled C-section Ace Knute Johnson is the second child for the singer/TV personality She accidentally revealed his gender on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " in March
CNN  -- For the third time this weekend , U.S. jet fighters on Sunday intercepted a small private plane that violated restricted airspace in the area of Camp David , Maryland , while President Barack Obama stayed there , the North American Aerospace Defense Command said . Two F-15E fighters under NORAD control intercepted a Cessna 182 civilian aircraft on Sunday morning and led it out of the temporary restricted area , according to a NORAD statement . The Cessna landed at the Carroll County Regional Airport , the NORAD statement said . On Saturday , two similar incidents occurred involving other aircraft that violated the restricted area around the presidential retreat , a NORAD spokesman confirmed . There was no extra security threat involved in any of the incidents beyond the violation of the temporary restricted area . Authorities attribute the multiple violations to the temporary expansion of restricted airspace around Camp David when Obama is there . According to the Federal Aviation Administration , the temporary flight restriction in the Camp David area this weekend was scheduled to last from noon Saturday until 6 p.m. Sunday .	NORAD scrambles jet fighters twice on Saturday , once on Sunday The security zone is expanded when President Obama is at Camp David
CNN  -- The 16-year-old son of actors John Travolta and Kelly Preston died Friday morning after suffering a seizure while vacationing with his family in the Bahamas , Travolta 's attorney told CNN . Jett Travolta , right , joined his father weeks ago in Paris , where John Travolta has been filming a movie . "  At this point , we know that John Travolta and Kelly Preston 's only son , Jett , had a seizure at around 10 a.m. this morning , " attorney Michael Ossi said . "  All attempts to revive him were unsuccessful . " The boy hit his head after the seizure , but the exact cause of death is not known , Ossi said . An autopsy will be conducted Monday . His body will be transferred to Ocala , Florida , for burial , he said . Jett 's death "  was completely out of the blue , " he said . "  John and Kelly are happy when their children are happy . This is the worst day of John 's life . " Watch John Travolta and son Jett in Paris " The Travoltas also have a daughter , Ella , 8 . Bahamian police said a caretaker at the West End resort where the Travoltas were vacationing found the teenager unconscious in the bathroom . Jett Travolta was taken by ambulance to Rand Memorial Hospital in Freeport and was pronounced dead on arrival , police said . iReport.com : Can you relate to the loss of a child ? Share your story Jett 's death was mourned by the staff and residents of West End , where the Travoltas were beloved members of the community , Obie Wilchcomb , former minister of tourism for the Bahamas , told CNN 's Larry King . "  We in West End had admired Mr. Travolta and his wife , Kelly , " Wilchcomb said . "  The people of the community of West End , particularly those who work at Old Bahama Bay , certainly today were in such shock , and they felt the tragedy because they had become a part of the community . " Wilchcomb said the Travoltas ' love and affection for their son was apparent to those in the community . See photos of Jett with his family " "  Mr. Travolta spent a tremendous amount of time with his son , Jett . He never left him at home . He always brought him with him . And once you saw John Travolta , you saw his son , Jett . They were very close , very affectionate . Lots of love , you see at all times , " Wilchcomb said . The family was on the island this weekend for a gathering of 60 family and friends who were arriving throughout the day as the tragedy unfolded , Wilchcomb said . In 1994 , Travolta told People magazine that he loved fatherhood . "  I ca n't imagine what life would be like without Jett , " he said . "  After he was born and cleaned up , I held him for hours while Kelly slept . When they came to take him away for various tests , I said , ` No , you ca n't see him today . You 'll have to do it another day . ' I went a little nutsy . " Jett Travolta had a developmental disability that his parents , John Travolta and Kelly Preston , have linked to Kawasaki disease , an inflammatory disorder of the artery walls that most commonly occurs in young children and can lead to heart disease . Watch CNN 's Sunjay Gupta discuss Kawasaki disease " In 2001 , John Travolta told CNN 's Larry King that his son had a near brush with death related to the condition . "  I was obsessive about cleaning -- his space being clean , so we constantly had the carpets cleaned . And I think , between him , the fumes and walking around , maybe picking up pieces or something , he got what is rarely a thing to deal with , but it 's Kawasaki syndrome , " Travolta said of his then-2-year-old son . Watch Travolta talk about his son 's condition " "  It was that the immune system overreacts , because they have almost the equivalent of metallic chemical , " Travolta said . In 2003 , Kelly Preston told Montel Williams that when Jett was 2 , he became ill with flu symptoms , including fever , rashes and swollen lymph nodes , before a doctor diagnosed him with Kawasaki disease . Echoing her husband 's comments , Preston blamed chemicals in household cleaners and pesticides for attacking her son 's immune system , triggering the condition . A dedicated Scientologist , Preston told Williams that she credited a detoxification program from the writings of Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard with helping improve her son 's health . Kawasaki disease is characterized by fevers and inflammation in the blood vessels that can be caused by a number of inciting factors , including virus , bacteria or infection , CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta said on "  Larry King Live . " "  You get pretty sick for a few days . In the worst-case scenario , sometimes it can affect the blood vessels of the heart , called the coronary arteries , " Gupta said . "  Sometimes they can develop aneurysms in it . That 's probably the most dangerous thing . But again , this is typically a disease associated with young children . It 's typically in Japan , and it 's pretty rare . " Gupta said it was rare for teens to display symptoms of the disease , which usually occurs in young children . "  Most of the patients are usually between 2 and 5 years old . Sometimes they get up to age 8 . But it 's very rare in fact for someone to be in their teens and still have symptoms of Kawasaki . They may have had it earlier in life , but to still have any manifestations of it is unusual , " he said . The causes of Kawasaki disease are unknown . Some scientists think it 's caused by an infectious agent , such as a virus . Some studies have noted a link between the disease and carpet cleaning chemicals . John Travolta gained fame in the 1970s , starring in the television series "  Welcome Back , Kotter " and the movies "  Saturday Night Fever " and "  Grease . " His career got a boost in 1994 with his second Best Actor Oscar nomination , for his role as a hit man in "  Pulp Fiction . " He also wrote and illustrated a 42-page novel for his son called "  Propeller One-Way Night Coach , " a "  fable for the ages " about a young boy whose first trip on an airplane changes his life forever , according to Amazon.com . It was a nod to Travolta 's experience as a licensed pilot . Preston has numerous TV and movie credits , including a supporting role in 1996 's "  Jerry Maguire . " CNN 's Valerie Streit contributed to this report .	NEW : Relationship between Travolta and son Jett called loving , affectionate NEW : Couple said chemicals in cleaning products triggered son 's rare disease Jett Travolta was elder child of John Travolta and Kelly Preston Jett Travolta died in Freeport , Bahamas , where family was well-liked by community
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- NBA superstar LeBron James arrived in the Miami area Friday , the morning after he spurned the Cleveland Cavaliers for the Miami Heat . Southern Florida 's newest VIP is causing a stir already . The Heat announced it has sold out its "  currently available " season ticket inventory . After "  extremely brisk " sales over the past couple of weeks , sales peaked "  in a new intensity the last couple of days , " Heat President of Business Operations Eric Woolworth said in a press release . Since Wednesday , James and his fellow U.S. Olympian and perennial NBA all-star Chris Bosh have committed to leaving their old teams to join the Heat and its star , Dwyane Wade . Wade led the Heat to the 2006 NBA championship and has agreed to re-sign with Miami and Bosh was a standout with the Toronto Raptors . Wade said Bosh 's decision made it easy for him and James to choose their destinations . "  When Chris Bosh said he wanted to be down here in Miami , I think that opened up the floodgates for all of us to say , ` You know what ? This is the time to do something in history that has n't been done , ' and that 's all three players of this caliber come together in their prime to do something amazing . " Wade said . "  We 're going to be a really good team , " James said . James , who joined the Cavaliers straight out of high school and played forward for the team for his entire career , announced his decision during a much-ballyhooed ESPN special Thursday entitled "  The Decision . " The reigning two-time NBA MVP said a conversation with his mother Thursday morning sealed the deal . "  I think I decided this morning , " James said . "  Then I talked with my mom . Once I had that conversation with her I think I was set . " James looked at several teams , including New York , Chicago and Cleveland . It came down to one thing . "  The major factor was the best opportunity to win now and to win in the future . " James said . He led the Cavaliers to the NBA finals in 2007 , where they lost to the San Antonio Spurs , but never reached the finals again , despite Cleveland management bringing in supporting stars such as Shaquille O'Neal and Antawn Jamison . During "  The Decision , " ESPN switched briefly to sports bars in Miami and Cleveland to summarize the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat . A few Cavs fans wasted no time in burning James jerseys in a small fire . Cavs owner Dan Gilbert called James ' decision a "  cowardly betrayal " and a "  shocking act of disloyalty " in a letter posted on the team 's website Thursday night . He then added , in all capital letters : "  I PERSONALLY GUARANTEE THAT THE CLEVELAND CAVALIERS WILL WIN AN NBA CHAMPIONSHIP BEFORE THE SELF-TITLED FORMER ` KING ' WINS ONE . You can take it to the bank . " Miami fans were elated . "  I think this is the best thing since sliced bread . Are you serious ? " said Christina Onori . "  I think this is the most unbelievable thing to happen to Miami , ever . " Woolworth said non-season ticket holders will still get to see the Heat 's trio of superstars , because "  in contrast to past practice , we have determined not to sell any season tickets in our 400 level this season and will reserve that inventory for some combination of group tickets , partial plans and variably priced individual game tickets ... to provide access to as much of our community as possible . " He added that fans interested in season tickets could be placed on a waiting list "  as we anticipate the release of additional inventory in the near future . " The Heat 's new power trio was n't the only reason for the rush on season tickets , which began weeks earlier , before James , Bosh or Wade had committed to the Miami . The team pledged in February that "  while we were holding the pricing flat for our loyal returning season ticket holders , it was our intention to raise our season ticket prices for new buyers in July . " said Woolworth . Besides the Heat , the Boys and Girls Club of America and Twitter were beneficiaries of James ' decision . The club expected to receive about $ 2.5 million in support from the show and related activities . "  The money will be used to support James ' vision to construct basketball courts for youth across the country , " the Atlanta-based organization said . James had more than 345,000 followers , and counting , on his "  KingJames " Twitter account Thursday evening . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	NEW : LeBron James visits Miami Friday The Heat have sold out their initial allotment of season tickets The Cavs owner blasts James ' decision as "  cowardly betrayal " James announces he is leaving Cleveland to join all-stars Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh in Miami
CNN  -- Bitter cold weather was sweeping across the nation Thursday , putting the Midwest in a deep freeze . A thermometer registers minus 20 degrees Thursday in Hudson , Wisconsin . It was brutal in Ames , Iowa , on Wednesday . "  Last night , the temperature was still above zero  3 degrees Fahrenheit  , but the wind chill  minus 14 degrees  was cold enough to make your skin burn , " iReporter Kevin Cavallin said . "  When it gets this cold , your hands are just in pain when doing something as simple as carrying bags of groceries from the car to the apartment . " iReport.com : What 's the weather like near you ? Send photos , video In Minneapolis , Minnesota , it felt like 40 below because of the wind chill , CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano said . It was 48 below in Fargo , North Dakota , where unprotected fingers could suffer frostbite in 60 seconds . Watch the freeze in Iowa " The freezing temperatures are likely to remain in the East through the weekend , according to the National Weather Service . There were low teens Thursday along much of the Interstate 95 corridor , which hugs the Atlantic from Maine to Florida . It was 17 in New York , which had a moderate snowfall Thursday that delayed flights a few hours on the ground at LaGuardia Airport . "  If you live east of the Mississippi River , the temperature at mid-morning may be the best you 'll get , " Marciano added . Temperatures dipped to 19 degrees below zero in Michigan and 10 below in Chicago , Illlinois . Snow caused more traffic nightmares in the Midwest . Snow also was falling in Trenton , New Jersey ; New Haven , Connecticut ; and other Northeast cities . Meanwhile , an icy cold front was pushing into the Southeast , with a cold high-pressure center expected to remain over the area through Saturday , the National Weather Service said . Another cold front is to move in late Sunday . The sun came out in Georgia , but forecasters said the weather would deteriorate by evening . Much of Georgia , including Atlanta , will be under a wind chill advisory from 7 p.m. Thursday to 7 a.m. Friday . Thursday 's high in the state could reach 59 , but the thermometer could reach as low as 14 at night , the weather service said . Forecasters said overnight temperatures will be accompanied by bitterly cold wind chills , possibly setting a record .	NEW : It felt like 40 below in Minneapolis , Minnesota , because of wind chill NEW : It was 10 below in Chicago -- without the wind chill Icy cold front is pushing into the Southeast and could last through Saturday iReport.com : Cold near you ? Share your photos , video , stories
CNN  -- Taxes took center stage in renewed Republican attacks on the Obama administration 's sweeping health care legislation Thursday after the Supreme Court rebuffed attempts to derail it based on its constitutionality . Using the court 's finding that the centerpiece of the law -- the individual mandate -- amounted to a legal exercise of congressional tax power became Plan B for the GOP . "  That 's not what the president said when he introduced the bill , but what the court said was that it 's OK because it 's a tax , " U.S. Rep. Tom Price , R-Georgia , told CNN . "  The debate that we 're happy to have is that our friends on the other side of the aisle -LSB- not only -RSB- want to tax what you do , they want to tax even what you do n't do . " Ruling , tax fears play into campaign narrative for both sides And Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio said , "  Millions of Americans may now have a IRS problem as a result of the ruling . " But Lawrence Jacobs , a leading chronicler of the battle over health care , says that should n't be a surprise . The requirement that all adults have health coverage is the linchpin of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , the health care legislation President Barack Obama signed in 2010 after an epic brawl in Congress . That rule survived its last legal challenge Thursday when the Supreme Court ruled it was constitutional under the legislative branch 's power to impose taxes . Obama had denied the mandate was a tax during a 2009 interview with ABC , comparing it to state requirements that motorists carry auto insurance . "  Nobody considers that a tax increase . People say to themselves , ` that is a fair way to make sure that if you hit my car , that I 'm not covering all the costs . ' " What health reform could cost you At least four million people are expected to pay a tax penalty when the rule takes full effect in 2016 , bringing in about $ 54 billion to help offset the $ 1.7 trillion , 10-year cost of the act , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . But it 's only one of several revenue-raising provisions that help pay for the costs of the act , commonly dubbed "  Obamacare . " "  This was the Democratic tax bill , " said Jacobs , a University of Minnesota political scientist and co-author of a 2010 book on the health care battle . In addition to the mandate , there is a higher Medicare tax rate on taxpayers making more than $ 200,000 a year or $ 250,000 for married couples , and it added a tax on investment income to fund the federal health program for seniors . Opinion : Court 's ruling a ` Frankenstein 's Monster ' "  It 's one of those invisible things , and it 's very important , " Jacobs said . There 's also an excise tax on so-called "  Cadillac " health plans , which had been hotly debated at the time ; a higher threshold on medical deductions ; and a 10 % excise tax on indoor tanning services . But while Republicans have long opposed higher taxes , Jacobs said they concentrated their fire on the mandate instead . "  Rather than getting into a convoluted conversation about taxes that were pretty obscure to most people , they latched onto the individual mandate , " he said . "  Now that the Supreme Court has up held the mandate , it 's really kind of taken the wind out of their sails . " Jacobs said most Americans will be covered by employee health plans , a head of household 's employer or by existing government programs such as Medicare , Medicaid or veterans ' benefits . Of the roughly 6 % of the population remaining , a large portion of those will be exempted from the mandate either because of poverty , religious belief or other reasons , he said . By the numbers : Health insurance Supreme Court on health care law : How they voted , what they wrote Photos : Who is John Roberts ? CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Tax provisions in health care law are no surprise , author says GOP seizes on Supreme Court ruling to attack Obama for raising taxes In 2009 , President Obama had denied the individual mandate was a tax
Munich , Germany  CNN  -- A documentary about the murder victims of a German neo-Nazi terror cell has scooped the top prize at this year 's CNN Journalist Awards ceremony in Munich . "  Eight Turks , One Greek and a Policewoman " -- by Matthias Deiss , Eva Muller and Anne-Kathrin Thuringer -- won both the CNN Journalists of the Year award and TV category Thursday night . The awards are open to young German journalists . The report , which aired on German television , tells of the search for answers following the "  Doener Murder Series " -- a string of fatal attacks across Germany which took place between 2000 and 2007 , leaving 10 people dead . The killings were committed by suspected members of the National Socialist Underground . The journalists ' search for the victims ' families led them to discover an alleged murder target who is still alive . Full coverage of the CNN Journalists of the Year award  German Jurors commended the recipients for their well-researched , investigative journalism . "  The journalists showed persistence to stay on an explosive topic , putting it into a new perspective in the focus of attention , " said Franz Fischlin , head of the awards panel . Watch video of the CNN Journalists of the Year award Print category honors went to Takis Wurger of Der Spiegel , who accompanied a unit of German marksmen in Afghanistan . The piece told the story of Christian Sommerkorn , a soldier who is waiting to kill someone for the first time in his life . Sabine Rossi 's "  Call From Damascus , " in which a young father in the Syrian capital regularly discusses the Syria unrest via telephone , won the best Radio category . Jurors praised Rossi 's ability to provide the WDR Funkhaus Europa listeners with "  a direct insight into the life and fate of a family . " Also recognized were Salome and Lukas Augustin , who won the Online category , for their video piece "  Afghanistan -- Touch down in flight . " Their film posed the question to viewers : What do we have in common with the people in Afghanistan ? It displayed vivid footage of everyday life in the country without the use of words , text or links and was first published on iPad app Suddeutsche Zeitung Magazin before it went viral on the Internet . Originally published in Liga -- the magazine for the Austrian League of Human Rights -- Fabian Weiss ' portraits of "  Lesbian Women in China -- A life bordering on life " focused on the women at the LaLa Shalongs in Beijing , a meeting place for lesbians . Judges awarded Weiss top accolade in the photographic category and said his work was "  poetic , expressive and very authentic . " Tony Maddox , Executive Vice President of CNN International , said : "  These young journalists and press photographers who are nominated for the eighth CNN Journalist Award have had the courage to cover difficult topics in a distinctive way . They give a face to stories which would not have been brought to the focus of society without their attention and their relentless journalistic curiosity . " "  Underpinning the sheer courage of this year 's reporting on controversial sometimes inconvenient issues that more often evade the spotlight is an intense regard for detailed research . The importance of this quality can be overlooked but is an integral facet to quality journalism . "	Deiss , Muller , Thuringer win CNN Journalist Award Story looks at search for answers following series of murders by neo-Nazis in Germany CNN host German journalism awards in Munich Thursday night
Rapper Tone Loc pleaded no contest Monday to domestic violence and other charges , about three and a half months after a fight with the mother of his child , the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office announced . Tone Loc , whose real name is Anthony Smith , entered the plea in open court of single counts of corporal injury to a spouse , cohabitant or child 's parent and possession of an assault weapon , the office said in a press release . The weapon -- a Colt AR-15 Sporter -- was found by investigators , but was not used in the domestic assault . There was no negotiated settlement , according to the district attorney . After the rapper addressed the court , Burbank Superior Court Judge Patrick Hegarty sentenced him to one day in county jail , three years of probation , 52 weeks of anger management counseling and 30 days of community service . He was arrested in June , following what Burbank Police Sgt. Tracy Sanchez then described as "  a physical altercation with the mother of his child . " The entertainer then spent less than three hours in custody before posting a $ 50,000 bond , according to Sanchez . The 45-year-old rapper rose to stardom in 1988 with his hit singles "  Wild Thing " and "  Funky Cold Medina . " His deep , raspy voice made him famous not just in the music world , but also helped him as he scored acting roles on television and doing voice work . He has been cast in several sitcoms and reality TV shows , according to the Internet Movie Database .	Performer sentenced to one day in jail after entering plea He was charged with injuring his child 's mother and possession of an assault weapon Rapper rose to fame with hits like "  Wild Thing , " and since has acted on television
The Transportation Security Administration said Friday it has started the process of firing 25 of its agents and suspending 19 others for not following screening procedures . The 44 employees all worked in a checked-baggage screening room in Terminal B of Newark 's Liberty International Airport , TSA spokesman David Castelveter told CNN in a written statement . In November and December of 2011 , they were caught on surveillance cameras not following proper screening protocols , an agency internal investigation revealed . After passengers check their bags , TSA screeners are supposed to search the luggage with electronic scanners and open some bags by hand . In this case , the employees allegedly did n't follow procedures on about 250 bags during the two months , the agency said . All bags did receive some screening , however . The punishment marks the largest removal and suspension of TSA officers in the agency 's history , and part of a larger internal crackdown on improper behavior by TSA agents . "  Accountability is an important aspect of our work and we take appropriate action with any employee who does not follow our procedures or engages in misconduct , " Castelveter said . In June , the same investigation prompted the agency to fire eight checked-baggage screeners at Newark for violating TSA procedures , including some of them for sleeping on the job . That same month , 43 TSA workers in Fort Myers , Florida , were disciplined for not performing additional screening on random passengers and carry-on bags . At Boston 's Logan Airport , 20 checked-baggage screeners were punished in August for reading newspapers or talking on the phone when they were supposed to be screening bags , or for not reporting the misconduct , a spokesperson told CNN at the time . And last year , 36 checked-bag screeners in Hawaii were fired after they were caught on a security camera in 2010 ignoring procedures , including putting bag inspection notices in bags without actually inspecting them , an inspector general 's report said . TSA screeners put inspection notices in bags they did n't inspect TSA reprimands bag screeners over job performance at Boston airport Speedier trip through airport security could come within a decade TSA behavior detection officers will be retrained after profiling complaints	The TSA says 44 employees at Newark 's airport did not follow screening procedures It plans to fire 25 of them and suspend the other 19 Procedures were not followed on about 250 bags over two months , the TSA says
CNN  -- Mars rover Curiosity beamed back a sweeping color panorama of the planet 's surface Thursday , showing the rocky , reddish desert surrounding it and the mountain it will explore in the coming months . The 360-degree view captures the landscape of Gale Crater , where Curiosity touched down early Monday , and the foot of Mount Sharp -- the rover 's primary scientific target . Mike Malin , whose company built the camera used to shoot the scene , said the shot was "  probably not the best pointed , " but added , "  We hope we 'll get many others . " The brightness of the image was boosted to compensate for the dim sunlight of the martian afternoon , but the colors were untouched , NASA said . Curiosity went through its paces "  flawlessly " on its third full day on the planet , mission manager Michael Watkins said Thursday . The rover 's mission is to determine whether Mars ever had an environment capable of supporting life , and its prime target is Mount Sharp , the 18,000-foot  5,500-meter  peak about 12 kilometers  7.5 miles  to the south . Curiosity opening Martian frontier ? Scientists hope the layers of rock that form the mountain will give them a timeline of the history of Mars . Curiosity mission planner Dawn Sumner said photographs like the ones beamed back by the rover , as well as others taken by probes in orbit , will be used to map a path to the mountain 's base -- "  doing the best science we can along the way , but also keeping our eyes on that beautiful layered rock , " she said . The rover is supposed to run for two years , but a previous rover , Opportunity , has been working on Mars since 2004 -- well beyond the three months NASA planned . Opportunity 's sister rover , Spirit , ran from 2004 to 2010 . Opinion : Why I love Mars	A 360-degree color panorama of Gale Crater includes Mount Sharp The peak is the Mars rover Curiosity 's prime target The rover performed "  flawlessly " on its third day on Mars , controllers say
CNN  -- The label on the package claimed that it contained T-shirts and baby toys . When customs officials in Sydney scanned the parcel , they found five pythons and two venomous tarantulas . But when customs officials in Sydney X-ray scanned the parcel , they found instead five pythons and two venomous tarantulas . On Tuesday , authorities raided the house in Sydney to which the parcel had been addressed . Officials seized evidence but expect to file charges later , the customs agency said . Importing live animals without a permit is illegal in Australia and can yield a 10-year prison sentence and a fine of 110,000 Australian dollars  $ 92,000 U.S.  . The parcel was sent from the United States last week , but officials would not say specifically where it had been mailed from . The snakes were wrapped within white calico bags and the spiders were packed in clear plastic containers , the customs agency said . The creatures were later killed because they posed a quarantine risk , the agency said in a press release . It titled the press release : "  Spiders and snakes on a plane . "	Customs officials in Australia find pythons and tarantulas in package The parcel had been sent from the United States The creatures were later killed because they posed a quarantine risk
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- From a distance , it looks like an apparition : a huge multi-colored hot-air balloon floating in the Baghdad sky , bearing a large poster of Jesus Christ . Below it , an Iraqi flag . Santa and his helpers stand under palm trees at Baghdad 's first public Christmas festival . Welcome to the first-ever public Christmas celebration in Baghdad , held Saturday and sponsored by the Iraqi Interior Ministry . Once thought to be infiltrated by death squads , the Ministry now is trying to root out sectarian violence -- as well as improve its P.R. image . The event takes place in a public park in eastern Baghdad , ringed with security checkpoints . Interior Ministry forces deployed on surrounding rooftops peer down at the scene : a Christmas tree decorated with ornaments and tinsel ; a red-costumed Santa Claus waving to the crowd , an Iraqi flag draped over his shoulders ; a red-and-black-uniformed military band playing stirring martial music , not Christmas carols . On a large stage , children dressed in costumes representing Iraq 's many ethnic and religious groups -- Kurds , Turkmen , Yazidis , Christians , Arab Muslims not defined as Sunni or Shiite -- hold their hands aloft and sing "  We are building Iraq ! " Two young boys , a mini-policeman and a mini-soldier sporting painted-on mustaches , march stiffly and salute . Watch the celebration in Baghdad " Even before I can ask Interior Ministry spokesman Major-General Abdul Karim Khalaf a question , he greets me with a big smile . "  All Iraqis are Christian today ! " he says . Khalaf says sectarian and ethnic violence killed thousands of Iraqis . "  Now that we have crossed that hurdle and destroyed the incubators of terrorism , " he says , "  and the security situation is good , we have to go back and strengthen community ties . " In spite of his claim , the spokesman is surrounded by heavy security . Yet this celebration shows that the security situation in Baghdad is improving . Many of the people attending the Christmas celebration appear to be Muslims , with women wearing head scarves . Suad Mahmoud , holding her 16-month-old daughter , Sara , tells me she is indeed Muslim , but she 's very happy to be here . "  My mother 's birthday also is this month , so we celebrate all occasions , " she says , "  especially in this lovely month of Christmas and New Year . " Father Saad Sirop Hanna , a Chaldean Christian priest , is here too . He was kidnapped by militants in 2006 and held for 28 days . He knows firsthand how difficult the lot of Christians in Iraq is but , he tells me , "  We are just attesting that things are changing in Baghdad , slowly , but we hope that this change actually is real . We will wait for the future to tell us the truth about this . " He just returned from Rome . "  I came back to Iraq because I believe that we can live here , " he says . "  I have so many -LSB- Muslim -RSB- friends and we are so happy they started to think about things from another point of view and we want to help them . " The Christmas celebration has tables loaded with cookies and cakes . Families fill plates and chat in the warm winter sun . Santa balloons hang from trees . An artist uses oil paint to create a portrait of Jesus . In the middle of the park there 's an art exhibit , the creation of 11 - and 12-year-olds : six displays , each about three feet wide , constructed of cardboard and Styrofoam , filled with tiny dolls dressed like ordinary people , along with model soldiers and police . They look like model movie sets depicting everyday life in Baghdad . Afnan , 12 years old , shows me her model called "  Arresting the Terrorists . " "  These are the terrorists , " she tells me . "  They were trying to blow up the school . " In the middle of the street a dead "  terrorist " sprawls on the asphalt , his bloody arm torn from his body by an explosion . Afnan tells me she used red nail polish to paint the blood . A little plastic dog stands nearby . "  What is he doing ? " I ask . "  He looks for terrorists and searches for weapons and explosives , " Afnan says . Her mother , the children 's art teacher , Raja , shows me another child 's display called "  Baghdad Today . " "  This is a wedding , " Raja explains . "  Despite the terrorism , our celebrations still go ahead . This is a park , families enjoying time . And this is a market where people go shopping without fear of bombings . This is a mosque where people can pray with no fear . " In the middle is a black mound that looks like a body bag . Policemen and Interior Ministry forces surround it . "  This is terrorism , " she tells me . "  We killed it and destroyed it , and our lives went back to normal . " A Christmas tale perhaps , I think , but one that many Iraqis hope will come true .	Iraq 's first public Christmas party decorated with Jesus , Santa , Christmas tree Celebration put on by Interior Ministry to "  strengthen community ties " Kids ' art projects show Baghdad scenes , including one with toy as dead "  terrorist " Christian priest at celebration says Baghdad changes give him hope
In the United States , a person dies every 19 minutes from a prescription drug overdose . Many of those deaths are attributed to a family of painkillers known as opioids . In an effort to reduce abuse , the Food and Drug Administration announced on Tuesday that it "  is invoking its authority to require safety labeling changes and post-market studies to combat the crisis of misuse , abuse , addiction , overdose and death from these potent drugs that have harmed too many patients and devastated too many families and communities , " according to a press release . The label changes are meant for extended-release or long-acting opioids like oxycodone and hydrocodone , among others . FDA Commissioner Dr. Margaret Hamburg told reporters : "  These drugs are at the heart of the abuse epidemic . But we must recognize the medical use they have . " Currently , the labels on the drugs say they are for "  the relief of moderate to severe pain in patients requiring continuous , around-the-clock opioid treatment for an extended period of time . " To discourage over-use and misuse of the drugs , the new labels will say the drugs should be used only when "  alternative treatment options are inadequate . " While the label changes are something physicians should be aware of , the FDA said it hopes this will result in a larger conversation about pain management between patients and doctors . The FDA expects to finalize the new labeling requirements by the end of this year .	Prescription drugs are common cause of drug overdose deaths Opioids such as oxycodone and hydrocodone are often the cause FDA proposes labels to discourage over-use and misuse of the drugs
CNN  -- The U.S. military , facing continuing protests over drone strikes , has halted military cargo shipments from Afghanistan , citing a potential risk to drivers and contractors along the route once it enters Pakistan . "  We are aware protests have affected one of the primary commercial transit routes between Pakistan and Afghanistan . We have voluntarily halted U.S. shipments , " Defense Department spokesman Mark Wright said . Halted operations through the Torkham Gate border crossing impacts more than half of all military shipments out of the war zone each month as American involvement in the war winds down . On average , the United States ships about 33,000 tons of cargo out of Afghanistan each month . The action was taken to stop shipments along the route from the border crossing to Karachi "  to ensure the safety of the drivers contracted to move our equipment . We anticipate that we will be able to resume our shipments through this route in the near future , " Wright said . If the crossing does not re-open , shipments out of Afghanistan could be made by air , or longer land routes to the north , but both would be more costly in the long run . There is no indication what specific cost would be involved or how long the stoppage could last . The decision also comes as the United States is trying to get Afghanistan to sign an agreement to keep some U.S. troops in the country after 2014 . But the majority of the gear for the 47,000 troops still in Afghanistan will have to be brought out .	U.S. cites risk to drivers and contractors along route to Pakistan The United States faces continuing protests over drone strikes About 33,000 tons of U.S. cargo shipped out of Afghanistan each month
SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- More than 100 homes in an upscale San Diego community were evacuated after a landslide about 60 yards wide pulled the earth from beneath a three-lane road and some of the multimillion-dollar homes that adorn it . Gina Yarbrough sent this picture of the road that collapsed in Wednesday 's landslide . Mayor Jerry Sanders declared a state of emergency , asking California and the federal government to help the La Jolla community recover from the Wednesday landslide . As of Thursday morning , he had already received offers of aid from legislators , the governor 's office and the White House , he said . Officials warned for at least two weeks that the ground was shifting beneath the hillside community along Soledad Mountain Road . Holes were drilled into the unsettled hillside to investigate the cause and magnitude of the shift , which earlier ruptured a water line , and according to some media reports , began cracking Soledad Mountain Road in July . On Wednesday , a 20-foot-deep chasm opened beneath the road and homes . Holli Weld told San Diego 's KGTV that she was walking her son to preschool when the street collapsed . Watch a resident recall how he had to grab his dogs and run " "  The street was sinking before our eyes , " she said . Authorities told KGTV that most residents were at work and only seven people were in their homes when the landslide occurred . Evacuated homeowner Russell Moore told CNN he remembers hearing the earth "  groan " in what he called a "  slow avalanche . " "  The asphalt that should be under my feet was 8 feet in the air , " Moore said . "  We watched the trees snapping and cracking and more boulders come down to our feet and we were witnessing this move . " See photos of the hole the landslide left in La Jolla " At least 111 homes were evacuated , but Sanders said residents would be allowed to return to 75 of those houses by early Thursday morning . Several homes were damaged and at least one was destroyed , according to media reports . Nine homes are "  red tagged , " meaning no one is allowed to enter them , and 27 more are "  yellow tagged , " which means residents can return for necessities , but can not stay , Sanders said . According to the San Diego Union-Tribune , the landslide downed power lines and caused a minor gas leak . More than 2,400 customers were briefly left without electricity , but most residents had their power restored by Thursday , KGTV reported . The Red Cross opened a shelter at La Jolla High School . Deputy city engineer Robert Hawk told the Union-Tribune that the hillside has slowly been slipping for years because the soil is unstable . Landslide incidents in the neighborhood date back to the 1960s , Hawk told the newspaper . Pat Abbott , a retired geological sciences professor at San Diego State University , told the Union-Tribune that Mount Soledad is made up of weak layers of rock and that the culprit in the landslide is nature . "  Gravity pulling on the incline is pulling down masses of earth and those masses of earth have houses on top of them , " Abbott told the paper . "  It 's a geologically bad site and should not have been built on to begin with . " E-mail to a friend	San Diego mayor declares state of emergency ; White House , governor offer aid Officials were investigating the shifting earth in the area for weeks Residents can return to 75 of the 111 evacuated homes Thursday , mayor says "  We watched the trees snapping and cracking , " says one evacuated resident
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- It is n't clear whether the United States will ever be able to declare victory in Iraq , the top U.S. commander there said Thursday . Army Gen. Ray Odierno speaks to reporters at the Pentagon on Thursday . "  I 'm not sure we will ever see anyone declare victory in Iraq , because first off , I 'm not sure we 'll know for 10 years or five years , " Army Gen. Ray Odierno told reporters at the Pentagon . About 123,000 U.S. troops are in Iraq now , and President Obama says all combat forces will be gone by the end of August 2010 , leaving as many as 50,000 noncombat troops to advise and train Iraqi forces before leaving by the end of 2011 . Odierno has said he wants to draw down the U.S. forces at a faster rate than planned if the security situation allows it . On Thursday , he said he expected the number of U.S. troops to drop to 120,000 by the end of October , and to as few as 110,000 by the end of 2009 . "  What we 've done here is we 're giving Iraq an opportunity in the long term to be a strategic partner of the United States , but more importantly , be a partner in providing regional stability inside of the Middle East , " Odierno said . Odierno also highlighted continuing security issues inside the country , saying Iraqi security forces have recently seized several "  very large " caches of Iranian-made rockets and armor-piercing munitions known as explosively formed penetrators , or EFPs . "  If you 're training people ... in Iran to come back into Iraq , and you 're providing them rockets and other things , I call that significant because it still enables people to conduct attacks not only on U.S. forces but on Iraqi civilians , " Odierno said . At a congressional hearing Wednesday , Odierno said the main threat to stability in Iraq are Arab-Kurd tensions , adding there has been difficulty bringing the two sides together for possible joint patrols . "  We 've had some very good meetings , " he said . "  But we still have some ways to go on that . "	U.S. Army Gen. Ray Odierno makes remark to reporters at Pentagon About 123,000 U.S. troops in Iraq ; could drop to 110,000 by January , he says Odierno : Iraqi security forces recently seized caches of Iranian-made weapons
CNN  -- It turns out that consumers like the idea of watching TV shows with no other ads . And , surprise , the television networks are less than thrilled . On Friday , news was continuing to emerge about a flurry of lawsuits between Dish Network , which last week released a tool to let its DVR customers do exactly that , and the major television networks . It 's a battle over a new technology tool . But , in some ways , it 's a microcosm of the fight for the future of television and how we watch it . "  With Dish 's aggressive move to please the end customer rather than advertisers , it 's clear that in the fight for TV revenue the gloves have finally come off , " James L. McQuivey , an analyst for Forrester Research , told The New York Times . "  The fact that Dish would be willing to anger some of its most important content partners just goes to show how desperate these times we live in really are . " Two weeks ago , Dish rolled out Auto Hop , a feature for its DISH DVR that lets users who subscribe automatically skip ads while watching recorded shows . It did n't take long for the lawsuits to start flying back and forth . Fox , NBC and CBS all filed suit in federal court on Thursday , and Dish fired back with a claim of its own against the networks . The scuffle is the latest in a series of fights between traditional entertainment providers and Web-based delivery systems that can be traced back to Napster vs. Metallica and beyond . Whether it 's illegal downloads  the target of the failed Stop Online Piracy Act in Congress  or DVR systems that let users quickly and easily zoom past advertising , the new-media landscape offers a host of hurdles that have left some entertainers and , by extension , entertainment companies , struggling to adapt . It 's an argument that will sound familiar to those who have followed those fights . The TV networks are saying that DISH has , in effect , violated their copyrights by stripping away the traditional way they make money . "  How does Charlie Ergen expect me to produce ` CSI ' without ads ? " CBS chief executive Les Moonves said this week , referring to Dish 's CEO . For their part , Dish argues that people have been skipping TV ads , in one way or another , since the invention of television . Viewers have muted ads for decades , and the DVR 's fast-forward function only hastened the process . "  We are giving them a feature they want and that gives them more control , " said David Shull , Dish senior vice president of programming , in a statement . Janney Capital Markets analyst Tony Wible said the tool might not make that much difference for the typical TV watcher , though . Ad Hop 's commercial-skipping powers only kick in at 1 a.m. the day after the original program airs . He says that means the overwhelming majority of DVR viewers will watch when ads are still intact . An AdWeek article that highlighted Wible 's comments also noted that , according to Nielsen , 82 % of broadcast TV viewing and 90 % of cable viewing still takes place the day a show airs . As CNNMoney noted , this is n't the only front on which the entertainment vs. tech war is being waged . On Wednesday , several local New York stations , including the local Fox , PBS and Univision channels , filed suit against a new technology called Aereo . Aereo would allow consumers to watch and record broadcast TV online by hooking up a small antenna to an Internet connection . The broadcasters are seeking an injunction against Aereo , claiming the company is allowing consumers to bypass cable retransmission fees .	A new Dish Network tool would let viewers skip commercials The company rolled out the DVR tool , Ad Hop , earlier this month Fox , NBC and CBS have filed suit , saying it violates copyright Dish says viewers have always skipped commercials in some way
CNN  -- British rocker Jackie Lomax , who recorded with legendary stars but whose own career always seemed a degree removed from fame , died at the age of 69 this week . The singer-songwriter-guitarist enjoyed a 50-year career playing with many of music 's biggest stars -- notably the Beatles -- but personal commercial success eluded Lomax . "  It was always about the music , " a statement on his website announcing his death Sunday "  after a short illness " in Merseyside , England , said . Lomax played in several British rock groups , including The Undertakers , in the early 1960s , following and crossing the path of the Beatles performing in Liverpool and in Hamburg pubs . He was eventually signed to the Beatles ' Apple Records as a songwriter and artist , with George Harrison producing and writing songs for Lomax . "  Jackie Lomax is a singer of energy and passion , " the note on his 1969 Apple album "  Is This What You Want ? " said . "  His roots are in R&B and in the best tradition of blue-eyed soul  even if his eyes are green  . There 's a toughness to his vocal style and a sensitive side too ; his songs speak of loss and longing , love and life . Is this what you want ? What more can there be ? " His studio sessions never produced hits despite having three Beatles -- Harrison , Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr -- recording with him . "  Jackie deeply appreciated the fans who followed him throughout his 50-year career and his family and friends would like to thank each and every one of you for your support and loyalty , " his website said . "  Three generations of the Lomax family were there to mourn the passing not just of a wonderful singer , songwriter and musician but of a father , a grandfather , a friend and partner . " Lomax never gave up on music . "  He had only recently put the finishing touches to his next album , ` Against All Odds , ' which will be released by Angel Air Records towards the end of this year or early next year , " his website statement said . People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's Paul Caron contributed to this report .	"  Jackie Lomax is a singer of energy and passion , " his 1969 album notes said Lomax played in early 1960s rock groups , crossing the path of the Beatles in pubs The Beatles ' Apple Records signed Lomax as a songwriter and artist He never produced hits despite having three Beatles recording with him
CNN  -- On the same day a young rising star is given his big break in Formula One , one old-timer is given a chance to kick-start his motorsport career . McLaren announced Thursday that rookie Kevin Magnussen will race for the British team in the 2014 , while Lotus confirmed veteran Heikki Kovalainen will be part of its driver lineup for the remaining two races of this season . Magnussen -- whose father Jan raced for McLaren at the 1995 Pacific Grand Prix in Japan -- replaces Mexican Sergio Perez , who revealed Wednesday he will be departing less than one year after joining from Sauber . "  I 'm absolutely overjoyed to be making my Formula One debut with McLaren , " the 21-year-old Danish driver said in a statement . "  I 'll put it simply : this team is the best , " added the 2013 Formula Renault 3.5 Series champion . "  It 's been my dream to drive for McLaren ever since I was a small kid , and it 's no exaggeration to say that I 've dedicated almost every day of my life to achieving the goal of becoming a McLaren F1 driver . " Magnussen , who came through McLaren 's young driver program , will partner 2009 world champion Jenson Button , who has experienced a frustrating season in which he has collected just 60 points from 17 races . Perez , known as "  Checo , " has fared even worse with 35 points , though his fifth in India last month matched Button 's best finish so far . McLaren , one of the most successful teams in F1 history , is having one of its worst seasons since the 1980s -- being fifth overall , more than 400 points behind champion Red Bull . Team principal Martin Whitmarsh is excited to have a driver of Magnussen 's potential onboard for next year . "  The manner in which he won this year 's World Series by Renault 3.5 Championship was truly outstanding , showcasing as it did not only his impressive natural pace but also his increasing maturity and ability to structure and manage a championship campaign , " Whitmarsh said . "  I want to take this opportunity to thank Checo , who has developed well during a difficult season , as his recent run of points-scoring finishes underlines . "  He 's a lovely guy and a fine driver -- fast and combative -- and I 'm sure he 'll build on that firm foundation in 2014 . " Kovalainen arrives at Lotus as a replacement for fellow Finn Kimi Raikkonen , who will miss the rest of the season to undergo back surgery . Raikkonen , the 2007 world champion , is returning to his former team Ferrari in 2014 as a replacement for the outgoing Brazilian driver Felipe Massa . Kovalainen , who will partner Romain Grosjean at races in the U.S. and Brazil , made his F1 debut in 2007 and spent two seasons with McLaren in 2008 and 2009 . He has been working as a test driver for Caterham , having raced for the team during the 2012 season -- and in its previous incarnation as Team Lotus from 2010-11 . The former Renault team took over the Lotus name after that . "  It is a fantastic opportunity for me to join Lotus F1 team for the final two races of 2013 , " the 32-year-old said ahead of this weekend 's United States Grand Prix in Austin , Texas . "  Jumping into a car so late in the year when you have not been competing in the races all season will be a challenge , but I know the team at Enstone well so I have no concerns about getting up to speed . " Kovalainen will have the chance to make a late play for a 2014 drive at Lotus , which has been linked to Sauber 's Nico Hulkenberg and Pastor Maldonado , replaced at Williams by Massa .	McLaren announce Kevin Magnussen will drive for the team in 2014 The Dane will partner 2009 Formula One world champion Jenson Button Heikki Kovalainen will replace Kimi Raikkonen at Lotus for final two races of 2013 Raikkonen is to undergo back surgery ahead of his move to Ferrari
CNN  -- Stringer is dead . Omar is dead . And soon , "  The Wire " will be , too . Sonja Sohn , Wendell Pierce and Dominic West discuss matters on the "  Wire " finale . The show , broadcast by HBO , which -- like CNN -- is a division of Time Warner , created complex storylines weaving together the lives of Baltimore 's cops , drug dealers , politicians , port workers , schoolchildren and educators and now journalists . It also created a devoted fan base , including CNN staffers Jo Parker , who coincidentally worked at The Baltimore Sun for 13 years , and Rachel Clarke . Both are veteran watchers of previous seasons who have lapped up this year 's story , where events on the street and inside the murder squad become ever more entwined with politics and news , complicating everything they touch . Here , they talk about whether the keenly awaited finale matched expectations . Clarke : Were you satisfied ? Parker : No . I expected "  The Wire " to startle me and make me think right up until the series finale , but in the end it felt too networky . Yes , the storylines were completed and there was a resolution of sorts for each major character , but it all seemed to be too neatly tied ... red ribbon , anyone ? Gallery : Get to know the characters of "  The Wire " " Clarke : Yes , I 'm all for schmaltz , but that 's not why I watched "  The Wire . " In previous seasons , the show has had me sobbing  Bodie 's killing  , screaming blue murder  Bubbles ' suicide attempt  and spiraling downward as I awaited the really bad things that had to happen  the parting of the ways between Stringer and Avon was never going to go well  . This time , I had the familiar sinking feeling about some characters and plot lines as they played out , but this time , the writing did n't have the same killer instinct . Or maybe "  The Wire " has just given me a really dark view of the world , of Baltimore , of humanity , and I should lighten up . Parker : I did experience one shocker during the finale involving a longer-term character . I 'm surprised now that I did n't see it coming any more than the character did ! Clarke : I know what you 're talking about . Sure , there was a moment where I gasped . And there were other vintage "  Wire " themes and moments . The questions over a moral code , how it 's rarely if ever black and white and how real life and real people are just too complicated to fall into that simple "  good or bad " template . "  Good " people do bad things and "  bad " people do good things . And circumstances and the bigger picture will often intervene to steer even the best from the path of the angels . But that 's where this season as a whole has n't matched the other four . The newspaper characters were simply good or evil . But you worked at The Baltimore Sun , so maybe that 's true to life ?! Parker : There were definitely some folks I 'd consider good or evil at The Sun , but none who flat-out grew horns like Templeton , Whiting and Klebanow .  OK , maybe the Templetonesque dude .  I worked there for 13 years and left during "  The Wire 's " run . So I know creator David Simon peripherally and some of the situations he alludes to this season fairly well . I expected this season to be even more compelling to me , if that was possible . Instead , I found the new characters too one-dimensional . I did n't emotionally bond with any of them -- even though some bore the names of my real former colleagues -- so I really did n't care what happened to any of them in the finale . Clarke : Me too , but then I 'm still mourning Stringer from season three when good and evil were mixed so well and you could happily cry over the comeuppance of a calculating , cold , murderous drug dealer . There are a lot of old memories from earlier seasons in the finale , but that just made me nostalgic for the earlier stuff . Parker : No , no ! Do n't talk about "  nostalgia " ! That word is ruined for me now ! Clarke : For all the delight I got at various lines and shots , I thought some of the last episode was just trying to be too clever . Still , I 'll be watching the finale all over again on Sunday . Will you ? Parker : I wanted different endings for some characters , but I 'm not the one cashing HBO 's check . Despite my quibbles at the last season and the finale , I 'll be watching it again and mourning its passing . It was a complete treat . Although I 'm still ticked off . Clarke : True that . E-mail to a friend	Finale of "  The Wire " to air Sunday night This season has n't measured up to previous ones , say CNN reviewers Final show has a couple of surprises , but is too neatly tied up
CNN  -- The five snowboarders who died in a Colorado avalanche this weekend were all in their 30s and from Colorado , the sheriff 's office said Sunday . They were found dead Saturday after being buried in snow on a high mountain pass in Colorado 's White River National Forest , officials from the Clear Creek County Sheriff 's Office said . It was the state 's deadliest avalanche accident since 1962 , the Colorado Alpine Rescue Team said . A sixth member of the backcountry snowboarder group survived by digging himself out of the snow . He hiked a few hundred yards to a road and flagged down workers with the Colorado Department of Transportation , Sheriff Don Kruger said . Killed in the avalanche were Christopher Peters , 32 , from Lakewood ; Joseph Timlin , 32 , from Gypsum ; Ryan Novack , 33 , from Boulder ; Ian Lamphere , 36 , from Crested Butte ; and Rick Gaukel , 33 , from Estes Park . The avalanche happened at Loveland Pass , about 50 miles west of Denver at an elevation of 11,990 feet , officials said . It is just east of the popular ski resorts of Breckenridge and Vail . The group set off in the morning and triggered the avalanche around 1 p.m.  3 p.m. ET  , the sheriff 's office said . All of them were wearing avalanche beacons and proper equipment , the office said . Woman killed , man missing in Washington state avalanches Skier dies in avalanche in Canada 's Glacier National Park CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	The snowboarders were all in their 30s and from Colorado This was Colorado 's deadliest avalanche accident since 1962 One member of a snowboarding group was able to free himself from the snow Loveland Pass is located about 50 miles west of Denver
CNN  -- San Diego Chargers linebacker Shawne Merriman was arrested early Sunday on suspicion of choking and restraining MTV reality show star Tila Tequila , police said . Shawne Merriman is accused of restraining reality TV star Tila Tequlia as she tried to leave his home , police say . However , Merriman 's attorney denied the allegations , saying more than a dozen other people were at Merriman 's house in suburban San Diego , California , at the time of the incident and "  witness after witness after witness will back up his story 100 percent . " Authorities responded to a disturbance call about 3:45 a.m. Sunday from a woman who said she had been choked and restrained by a male , the sheriff 's department of San Diego County , California , said in a statement . When police arrived , "  the reporting party identified herself as Tila Nguyen , aka Tila Tequila , and her alleged assailant as Shawne Merriman , " the statement said . "  Nguyen told deputies she had been choked and physically restrained by Merriman when she attempted to leave his residence , " the statement said . Watch Merriman 's side of the story " Nguyen signed a citizen 's arrest at the scene , and Merriman was taken into custody on suspicion of battery and false imprisonment , according to the statement . Deputies did n't see any physical injuries on Nguyen , but she asked to be transported to a local hospital , sheriff 's spokeswoman Jan Caldwell said . Nguyen 's condition was not immediately known . Merriman 's attorney , Todd Macaluso , told reporters that Nguyen was "  extremely intoxicated and inebriated " and that the player tried to make arrangements for her to leave the house . "  At no time did Mr. Merriman assault her . At no time did Mr. Merriman keep her against her will , " Macaluso said . "  His intentions were nothing but good . ... We 're very confident that this matter will be resolved without any charges being filed whatsoever . " Caldwell said alcohol "  was involved " on Nguyen 's part . Caldwell did n't elaborate . Merriman was released from jail late Sunday morning . Caldwell said she did n't know whether Merriman was released on bail or on his own recognizance . The district attorney 's office will determine whether criminal charges will be pursued , Caldwell said . As Tila Tequila , Nguyen starred on the MTV reality shows "  A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila " in 2007 and "  A Shot at Love 2 With Tila Tequila " in 2008 . On her Twitter account , Nguyen did not mention the incident but tweeted about going to meet Merriman on Saturday . In a statement posted on the Chargers ' Web site Sunday , team General Manager A.J. Smith said it is "  disappointing to hear about the issue involving Shawne Merriman . " "  We 'll continue to monitor the situation and let the legal process run its course , " Smith said . Merriman , a three-time Pro Bowl selection , is entering his fifth year with the Chargers and the NFL . He recorded at least 10 sacks in each of his first three seasons , but he was limited to one game last season because of a knee injury that required surgery . The Chargers begin their 2009 NFL regular-season campaign on September 14 in Oakland , California , for a game against the Raiders .	NEW : Merriman 's attorney says NFL player did n't assault Tila Tequila Police : Tila "  Tequila " Nguyen alleges NFL 's Shawne Merriman choked her Incident allegedly happened as she tried to leave Merriman 's home , police say Nguyen starred in MTV 's "  A Shot at Love With Tila Tequila "
The second most-dreaded question for new parents after "  Is your baby sleeping ? "  Answer : "  Well , yes , for forty-five-minute stretches , but not during the night , and only after I conduct a two-hour-long routine including feeding , swaddling , singing , rocking , and an ancient tribal sleep dance "  is "  Where does he sleep ? " Some say a baby should never sleep in the same bed as you , while others say it 's the only way to go . That 's because the response is usually just as complicated and the people who ask are often ready to pass judgment on it . At least , that 's what more than 6,000 of you told us in our national survey about sleep habits , in which we set out to determine the differences between parents who put their babies down to sleep at night in a crib  for convenience 's sake , we 're calling them "  crib-sleepers "  and those who share a family bed with their children  co-sleepers  . Here , an illuminating peek into the night lives of new families : "  Now , that 's crazy ! " When we were creating this survey , we imagined a giant pillow fight , with moms on one side of the bed yelling "  Safety ! " and a posse on the other shouting "  Bonding ! " And we did hear those battle cries : Nearly half of all crib-sleepers admitted that they think co-sleepers are "  irresponsible " and that parents who share a family bed are "  putting their baby 's life at risk . " Parenting.com : Guide to baby sleep Another 39 percent think that co-sleeping parents are spoiling their baby . "  I know people who still have a three-year-old in bed with them because the kid wo n't sleep alone . Now , that 's crazy ! " exclaims Patty Queen , a mom of two in Marion , North Carolina . "  Come on , people , you are only making it hard on the kids by keeping them in the bed with you . " Another crib proponent , Esther Tune of Henderson , Nevada , considers co-sleeping to be "  the easy option . " "  I never brought my kids into my bed -- even though it would have been easier . I believe they 're safer in their own crib . " So what about the safety issue ? In a 2005 policy statement , the American Academy of Pediatrics  AAP  warned that bed-sharing was associated with an increase in sudden infant death syndrome  SIDS  and strongly recommended against the practice . "  There is no evidence that co-sleeping can be done safely , " adds John Kattwinkel , M.D. , chairperson of the AAP 's Task Force on SIDS . Parenting.com : Baby sleep strategies No wonder moms who co-sleep are twice as likely to feel judged compared with crib-sleepers . In their defense , co-sleepers cite the work of James McKenna , Ph.D. , an anthropologist whose research shows SIDS rates to be lower in countries where co-sleeping is the norm , and the attachment-parenting theories of Babytalk contributing editor William Sears , M.D.  Both experts believe parents can -- and must -- co-sleep safely ; see Askdrsears.com for guidelines .  Parenting.com : Why are infants still dying from SIDS ? In fact , co-sleepers were just as likely to choose their sleeping arrangement for safety reasons as crib-sleepers . And they also slung some arrows : 40 percent of moms who planned to co-sleep believe that parents who use a crib wo n't have as close a bond with their babies as they do ; another 20 percent feel that crib-sleepers are "  selfish " and "  only thinking of their own sleep . " "  Babies grow up more secure when they sleep with their moms for the first year of their lives , " contends Phasinee Brown of Kansas City , Kansas . Parenting.com : Learning to sleep solo Giving up control The majority of parents agreed , however , that in the quest for rest , one size does not fit all babies . "  After having three children , " Trenny Suggs of Spring Hill , Tennessee , told us , "  I have learned that you have to do whatever is necessary to help your children sleep . " And for many of you , that means changing your game plan . According to our results , only 11 percent of moms actually planned to co-sleep with their babies , but a whopping 42 percent ended up doing so once their little bundles arrived  see "  Best-Laid Plans " on the previous page  . "  During my pregnancy , I studied controversial topics , such as co-sleeping , and thought I knew what I would do , " shared one reader in California , who swore that she would n't co-sleep but now spends every night in bed with her 5-month-old daughter . "  But children set their own schedules . I never understood that having a baby means giving up complete control . " Parenting.com : Dreaming of sleep The perfect sleep solution For all the stress that surrounds getting your baby to sleep , it 's helpful to remember -- in a twisted sort of way , we admit -- that 51 percent of you report being tired all the time , regardless of whether your tot snoozes in a crib or in your bed . In other words , there 's no right or wrong answer to that frustrating question "  Where does your baby sleep ? " As Jaclyn Petrin of Princeton , New Jersey , said , "  I hope this survey helps parents understand that there is no perfect sleep solution . If there is , please let me know what it is . " Sorry , Jaclyn , no such luck . Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2009 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	AAP : Bed-sharing associated with an increase in sudden infant death syndrome Study : SIDS rates to be lower in countries where co-sleeping is the norm Survey : Few moms planned on co-sleeping , but 42 percent ended up doing so There is no perfect sleep solution
Washington  CNN  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran 's nuclear ambitions , saying he sees better options than "  this bad deal or war . " "  I think there 's a third alternative , and that is standing firm , ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal , " Netanyahu told CNN 's Jim Acosta Sunday on "  State of the Union . " His comments come as Democrats and Republicans spar over the framework announced last week to lift Western sanctions on Iran in exchange for the country dropping from 19,000 to 5,060 active centrifuges , limiting its highly enriched uranium , and increasing inspections . President Barack Obama endorsed the deal , saying it was better than the alternatives . But GOP contenders for the party 's 2016 presidential nomination lambasted it , saying it gave Iran too much flexibility . On Sunday , the sparring continued . One Senate Democrat said Netanyahu needs to "  contain himself . " And a top Republican said almost any of Obama 's successors as president "  could do better . " Netanyahu 's most recent argument against the Iran nuclear deal was similar to the one he 'd made in a March trip to Washington , when he addressed a joint session of Congress -- fueling a Republican push to have the deal sent to Congress before it 's implemented . "  It does not roll back Iran 's nuclear program . It keeps a vast nuclear infrastructure in place . Not a single centrifuge is destroyed . Not a single nuclear facility is shut down , including the underground facilities that they built illicitly . Thousands of centrifuges will keep spinning , enriching uranium , " Netanyahu said Sunday . "  That 's a very bad deal . " Netanyahu said Iran is a country of "  congenital cheating " and that it ca n't be trusted to abide by the terms of the deal , which lasts 10 years with some provisions extending well beyond that . He said his opposition has little to do with his frosty relationship with Obama . "  I think that we can have a legitimate difference of opinion on this , because I think Iran has shown to be completely distrustful , " Netanyahu said . Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California , meanwhile , said she wishes Netanyahu "  would contain himself . " The top-ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee said negotiators working on the deal -- from Iran and the United States , as well as Russia , China , Britain , France and Germany -- are "  on the cusp of something that can be workable . " "  It 's a framework . It has to be wrapped into a final agreement . There still can be some changes , " Feinstein said . "  But I do n't think it 's helpful for Israel to come out and oppose this one opportunity to change a major dynamic -- which is downhill , a downhill dynamic in this part of the world . " Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz defended the deal in an appearance on CBS ' "  Face the Nation " on Sunday , saying it would extend from two months to one year the "  breakout " time period -- the length of time it would take Iran to build a nuclear bomb . He said it also allows for the "  almost instantaneous recognition of any attempt to evade the deal . " "  We have blocked all of these pathways to a bomb , " he said . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said on "  Face the Nation " that the best option for the United States is to keep current sanctions in place for two more years and then have a "  new crack at it with a new president that does n't have the baggage of Obama . " And he said the alternatives to Obama on both sides -- with the exception of Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , who 's called for a less active U.S. role overseas -- would likely strike a better deal . "  Hillary Clinton would do better . I think everybody on our side , except , maybe , Rand Paul , could do better , " Graham said .	Netanyahu says third option is "  standing firm " to get a better deal Political sparring continues in U.S. over the deal with Iran
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The sudden end to a legal battle between dethroned Miss California USA Carrie Prejean and pageant officials was prompted by the revelation of a "  sex tape , " according to a source familiar with the lawsuits ' settlement . Prejean was fired in June after lingerie-modeling photos of her emerged that pageant officials said were a breach of her contract . Prejean sued the pageant in August , arguing her firing was religious discrimination because of her opposition to same-sex marriage . Pageant officials countersued last month , demanding their former beauty queen repay $ 5,200 in pageant money spent for her breast implants and give them all proceeds from a book she 's written . A settlement of both lawsuits was signed in New York Tuesday , but no details were made public . Lawyers and parties for each side were bound by a confidentiality pledge , according to the source . The veil of secrecy was partially lifted Wednesday after celebrity gossip Web site TMZ reported the deal was sealed after pageant lawyers presented an "  extremely graphic " home video involving Prejean . TMZ Managing Editor Harvey Levin said during a webcast Wednesday that he obtained the Prejean video during the summer , but found it "  too racy " to post on his site . He indicated Prejean was alone in the video . The source with knowledge of the settlement talks told CNN those details were accurate . Prejean 's lawyer , Charles LiMandri , responded with a short statement issued through an employee at his law office . "  It 's a confidential settlement , and he ca n't discuss it , " the statement said . Several calls and e-mail to Prejean 's publicist were not returned Wednesday . Prejean 's tell-all book hits bookstores next week , and she is scheduled for media interviews to promote it . Pageant spokesman Kenn Henman said Tuesday the settlement means all lawsuit demands are dropped . The pageant had claimed that the contract she signed when she entered their competition last year gave the pageant the rights to anything she wrote . The settlement ended that claim . Pageant officials also dropped their attempt to be repaid for her breast enhancement , which was done before she represented California in the Miss USA competition , according to Henman . Prejean , in exchange , withdrew her suit accusing the pageant of violating her privacy by confirming to reporters that her breasts were enhanced , Henman said . "  We are moving forward from the past and looking towards the crowning of two winners and the new look of the upcoming Miss California USA pageant , telecast live on November 22 , " pageant Executive Director Keith Lewis said Tuesday . "  We 're back in the business of beauty , " he told CNN . There was nothing pretty about the public fight that began in April when Prejean , 22 , stepped into controversy by declaring her opposition to same-sex marriage while answering a judge 's question at the Miss USA pageant . Prejean finished as first runner-up . While state and national pageant officials publicly supported her initially , their opinions eventually changed after she continued to make public statements about same-sex marriage . She held onto her crown through May , despite a series of questionable photos that emerged on gossip Web sites . Those images showed a topless Prejean , photographed from behind . She was dethroned in June by Miss USA pageant owner Donald Trump amid growing complaints by state officials that she was uncooperative and not meeting her contractual obligations . Prejean filed her lawsuit in Los Angeles County Superior Court in August , claiming that her firing was religious discrimination because of her stand against same-sex marriage . The pageant 's countercomplaint said what it called Prejean 's belligerent behavior , lack of cooperation and contract breaches caused her firing , not her opposition to same-sex marriage .	Carrie Prejean was dethroned as Miss California USA and sued pageant Source : "  Extremely graphic " home video involving Prejean spurred suit settlement TMZ managing editor says he got video during summer but was "  too racy " to post
"  Reading Rainbow " made its TV debut in 1983 with a simple idea : Use television to keep kids reading during summer by urging them to "  take a look " in a book . The popular public television show ended its run in 2009 , but host and actor LeVar Burton has n't stepped away from children 's literacy , or the ideas behind the beloved show . On Wednesday , Burton launched a $ 1 million Kickstarter campaign to raise money for a Web-based digital library of "  Reading Rainbow " books and videos . It exceeded its fund-raising goal by the end of the first day . Burton said the new tool will allow more children and educators to access "  Reading Rainbow " materials , beyond those using the popular "  Reading Rainbow " mobile app . The Web version will be accessible through a subscription , but aims to provide "  Reading Rainbow " for free to disadvantaged classrooms . "  If you are a reader , then you have the ability to educate yourself , " Burton said . "  When you have the ability to be a lifelong learner , there are no limits on what you can acquire in terms of knowledge and information . It represents the ultimate freedom of mankind . " After all , what makes a good story has n't changed much since "  Reading Rainbow 's " debut , Burton said . Technology has . Burton said he realized the power of TV as a medium for educating and informing viewers when he played Kunta Kinte on the "  Roots " miniseries , based on Alex Haley 's novel about slavery and African-American history . The story captured the nation as millions tuned in to watch the miniseries during the late 1970s . Decades later , after reading a book on an iPad for the first time , he saw the potential to create an interactive reading experience . Burton acquired the rights to the "  Reading Rainbow " brand and created his company , RRKidz . He envisioned an app that could interact with the audience in ways the show never could . He launched the "  Reading Rainbow " app in 2012 , and in its first 18 months , users read 10 million books , making it the No. 1 free educational app in the iTunes store for two years . "  I wanted to put in the hands of kids a library of books and videos , like the TV show did , all in the service of inspiring a love of literature and exploring the world -- connecting the real world to the literature that kids are reading , " said Burton , who received the Impact Award for his efforts to instill "  a lifelong love of reading in children " during Children 's Book Week this month . Burton 's efforts come at a time when researchers and educators are trying to figure out how to use technology to encourage reading . Since 1984 , the proportion of adolescents who read for pleasure once a week or more has dropped from 81 % to 76 % among 9-year-olds , according to research released this week by advocacy group Common Sense Media . Among 13-year-olds , rates of reading for pleasure have dropped from 70 % to 53 % . Among 17-year-olds , the rate dropped from 64 % to 40 % . The proportion who say they "  never " or "  hardly ever " read has gone from 8 % of 13-year-olds and 9 % of 17-year-olds in 1984 to 22 % and 27 % , respectively . "  E-reading has the potential to significantly change the nature of reading for children and families , but its impact is still unknown , " said the Common Sense Media report "  Children , Teens and Reading . " On the TV show , Burton became a trusted friend to children , parents and educators , recommending a variety of books and taking viewers on book-related field trips . He invited kids to recommend books in a segment , using the famous line , "  but you do n't have to take my word for it . " "  The books were enhanced by the show and the show brought people to read the books , " said Starr LaTronica , president of the Association for Library Service to Children . "  It sort of lays the groundwork for research later in life because LeVar always took those books , found out something about them and went further . " In the app incarnation of "  Reading Rainbow , " children navigate the app in a virtual hot air balloon , traveling to themed islands and discovering books they might like to read . The app hosts more than 500 books and video field trips with Burton . Users can interact with the stories like it 's a game and receive rewards for each book they read . Parents are encouraged to use the app along with their children , filling in youngsters ' interests for reading recommendations or exploring lessons and themes within the books together . Kids can read by themselves , with their parents or have Burton narrate . The app is free to download , with a $ 9.99 monthly or $ 29.99 six-month fee for accessing and downloading unlimited books to read . "  Elementary school-age children are at a juncture where you have such a great opportunity to capture them as readers at that point , " said Nicole Deming of the Children 's Book Council . "  The app has struck that ideal balance between enhancing the storytelling without being distracting . " Burton said he hopes the web-based version of "  Reading Rainbow " will be tailored to classroom teachers and homeschoolers . It will include lesson plans and tools to track students ' reading progress . Burton said he also would like to see more diversity in children 's literature . "  Reading Rainbow " will continue to share a variety of books , just as he did on the show , he said . "  I firmly believe that seeing oneself reflected in the popular culture is critically important for developing a solid and healthy sense of self , " he said . "  Unless the publishing industry is proactive , this will be one of the causes of its demise . I do n't understand the reluctance . Here is a sector that is woefully underserved , with an opportunity to target a market that is thirsty for literature . " Still , not everything has changed . Just as Burton 's mother nurtured his interest in reading , parents and children can bond through books , whether on paper or tablets . "  There is nothing more powerful to me than that elemental experience of storytelling : being read to aloud , following along , seeing the story in the pictures and feeling it in your heart , " Burton said . "  It is really beautifully , brilliantly embodied in the sharing of a children 's book . " What were your favorite books as a young reader ? Share your memories in the comments , on Twitter @CNNschools or on CNN Living 's Facebook page .	"  Reading Rainbow " is off the air , but LeVar Burton continues to promote child literacy A "  Reading Rainbow " Kickstarter campaign drew more than $ 1 million its first day "  Reading Rainbow " app lets users read books , watch videos featuring Burton New data show children read for pleasure far less than in the past
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In Paul Syverson 's photo album , there is only one family picture , taken right after his little sister was born . Paul , then 7 , and his father beam with an identical grin . Amy Syverson visits the Iwo Jima memorial with mentor Kohn Fisher as part of a camp for kids of fallen soldiers . Two months later , his father , Army Maj. Paul Syverson III , was killed in action in Balad , Iraq . Five years after his loss , the pain still reverberates with sickening suddenness . To help cope , Paul headed out to spend the Memorial Day weekend with a young military volunteer mentor instead of his dad . "  I try not to think about the bad stuff , " Paul said . "  I just try to remember him as an awesome guy and what a great dad he was . " Paul , 12 , and his sister , Amy , now a cheeky and rambunctious 5-year-old in pigtails , joined 350 other grieving children at a camp for military families in Washington this Memorial Day . For many , the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors , or TAPS , camp is a yearly tradition , a time for kids to play together and pay homage to their loved ones ' sacrifices . Watch as the children share losses and joy " "  It 's just a great way to come and be together and acknowledge the loss , and learn coping mechanisms and ways to get through the loss , " said Paul 's mother , Jackie . "  The kids , they love it . It 's just a great way they can talk about their dads but still have a great time and still just be together . " TAPS is a nonprofit funded by private donations that has helped military families for 15 years . Families pay for their hotel rooms and a small registration fee for the camp . Donations usually cover the airfare . Military families often learn about the survivor camps in the casualty packet they receive when they are notified of a parent 's death . Each child at the camp gets assigned a military mentor who is at his or her side throughout the weekend . The mentors -- many of whom are in their early 20s -- seem to form instant and deep connections with their charges . Some play touch football in the workshop rooms , the young children wildly tackling their muscular military escorts . Others color together or play board games . And sometimes they talk about pain and loss . "  They even ask me questions . They go , ' I do n't know what a landmine is . What is a landmine ? ' " said Matt Thibodeau , an active-duty soldier who was assigned to mentor Paul for the weekend . "  There were a couple children who did n't understand how their parents had passed away , and we try to just help to be there to support them if they need it , kind of a shoulder to cry on . " Thibodeau said volunteering for TAPS seemed almost like a duty , an extension of the brotherhood of the military . "  I thought , if I were to have children and I were to go and pass away , that I would want somebody to do the same for me , " he said . "  A lot of people do n't realize what their parents have done for the country , and we 're to try to support that and give them a little of what they 're missing . " During the weekend , the children take in the sights of the nation 's capital . The mentors accompany them to the Fort Myer military base in Virginia to visit the horses that pull the caisson wagons during military funerals . At the Iwo Jima and Washington monuments , the groups pause to contemplate the sacrifices that generations of service members have made for the country . The groups also planned to attend President Obama 's speech and wreath-laying ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery on Memorial Day . "  This is their chance to reconnect with the military culture , learn coping strategies , learn how , on Memorial Day , America honors those who have served and died , and that their family is part of this national legacy , " said Bonnie Carroll , founder of the TAPS program . For some campers , the circumstances of their loss make their feelings more complicated . Joey Ruocco , 15 , lost his father in 2005 . Marine Maj. John Ruocco committed suicide before he was to ship out for his second tour in Iraq . "  Dealing with something like your dad dying is one thing , and then having to think about all this stuff about suicide , about why , and is there something I could have done ? Could have said ? " said Joey , who was 10 when his father died . "  But you ca n't think about that stuff . You have to think about the happy stuff , what he did with you . " The first time Joey came to camp , he said he worried he might be dogged by the stigma of his dad 's suicide . But Joey said he was accepted without comment , and he 's learned to be proud of his father 's service and sacrifice -- and of his life -- all the same . "  Everything that you take for granted , all sorts of silly things , like being able to ride your bike down to the corner store to get a slushie or something , would n't be possible if it were n't for men like our friends out there , our dads , " Joey said . "  They 're keeping our country free and being able to do stuff like that . "	Camp offers refuge to military families , kids adjusting to loss of loved ones Army Maj. Paul Syverson III killed in action in Balad , Iraq , in 2004 "  I just try to remember him as an awesome guy , " his son says
Warrenton , Georgia  CNN  -- Coach David Daniel 's worried pacing along the sidelines of a recent game does n't even begin to tell the story inside his mind . But the wound over his right eye gives you a sense of his pain inside , two weeks after he was caught in the middle of a post-game melee that sent him to a hospital . Some say he was intentionally targeted by the other team . Others say it was trash talking run amok -- including a text message by a coach -- all set against a raging high school football rivalry in rural Georgia . Either way , a lifelong high school football coach now has bolts holding together his eye socket after it was shattered by a player 's football helmet . "  It was like if you had crushed up cornflakes , that 's what all this bone looked like , " Daniel said , motioning to his right eye . On the night of October 14 , Daniel 's team , the Screaming Devils of Warren County , defeated the Mighty Bulldogs of nearby Hancock County . As the Screaming Devils returned to the visiting team 's locker room , they found the door locked . While waiting for a helper on their team to return with the key , the losing home team walked by , on the way to their locker room , and that 's when it all began . No one seems to know who or what started the incident , but officials from both schools say both teams threw and swung helmets . "  It only took one to get the brawl started . Someone did not make the right decision , " Hancock County Schools Superintendent Gwendolyn Reeves said . "  Whether it came from our side , or Warren County 's side , I do not know . " Warren County Schools Superintendent Carole Jean Carey said it was hard to tell what was going on because so many people were involved . "  We just saw this sea of people , and it was moving like waves , " Carey said . "  Then all of a sudden , we saw a helmet go up . " During the melee , sheriff 's deputies pepper sprayed the players , and a player from each team suffered a concussion . After the incident was broken up , no arrests were made . Daniel says he was struck in the head with a helmet as he tried to intervene . He does n't remember much about the incident . He lost a tear duct , and it 's possible that he may need more surgery . "  It just makes no sense . I do n't understand it , " he said . Carey , the Warren County schools superintendent , wants a full investigation to determine if Daniel was the target of an attack . "  I 'm not making any judgments right now ... I just have questions about how it could have happened and unfolded like that , " she said . "  I think using a helmet , to smash somebody 's face in , is using a weapon . I do . And we are very lucky the hit did n't move over just a little bit , and we could have had a dead coach . " Those involved agree that the incident started a week before , with trash talking about the game in the community and on Facebook . All of the Facebook chatter has been pulled off of the site , but school administrators in both counties say it was alive and well in the week leading up to the game . "  There was talk on Facebook before this game . There was some back and forth on Facebook , maybe some text messages , " Carey said . "  I 'm sure that if you 're a team and you keep seeing either side trash talk here or there , or back and forth , I 'm sure it gets you riled up inside . " The heated exchange also continued after the incident on October 14 . According to a Warren County school affidavit , a former coach for the Warren County Screaming Devils who is now a volunteer assistant coach with the Hancock Central High School team sent text messages to his former players following the game , including this one : "  Better stay yo stupid ass in wc  Warren County  , B4 som1 get really hurt . " And later that night , another text message , "  How th -LSB- e -RSB- -LSB- expletive -RSB- I kno -LSB- w -RSB- about yall bull -LSB- expletive -RSB- . Yu started this -LSB- expletive -RSB- last week . Remember yu started this . " A few days after the melee , Hancock County Sheriff Terrell Primus called in the Georgia Bureau of Investigation . But he told CNN that he does not believe that Daniel was targeted , and he said the locker room 's door was not locked on purpose . "  It takes time to investigate anywhere from 100 to 120-some people that has to be investigated , " the sheriff said . "  This is not something that is done in two days . " State law enforcement officials say the investigation could take months . "  We have no time frame . There are too many circumstances beyond our control to get a large number of witnesses to be interviewed , " said John Bankhead of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation . State law enforcement officials say they 're looking into all aspects of the case including what role social media played in escalating the trash talking . The investigation will take place in these two rural northeastern Georgia counties , about 22 miles apart , both poor farming communities with high unemployment . "  The kids know each other . There are family members on both teams , " said coach Zachery Harris of Hancock Central High School . Harris is also among those blaming social media for fanning the flames of the two schools ' rivalry . "  Facebook kinda keeps everything going . ... So if I make a comment on Facebook that it was a great game , somebody may make a comment and say , ` Y' all gon na get your butt whooped , ' and they go back and forth , and then , when they see each other , they 've had this long conversation I have no idea about , " he said . One school safety expert says that social media chatter and threats have a nationwide ripple effect that is forcing school officials to spend more time , money and energy on school security , at a time when dollars are hard to come by . "  Social media is increasing the communication speed to the point where threats that used to spread in hours and days now spread in minutes and seconds . And it 's escalating very quickly , and the violence can escalate along with it , " said Ken Trump , a school safety consultant . "  School administrators now find themselves dealing with things that start at night and at home , that can spread to athletic events . " But who threw the first punch in the fight that sent two teenagers and a coach to the hospital ? "  I have no idea . They say we did , we say they did , " Harris said . In addition to the social media issue , Harris says another part of the problem is peer pressure to retaliate -- whether it 's in person or through social media -- and what 's being taught at home . As for Daniel , as he faces the possibility of more surgery to repair his crushed eye socket , he 's in pain and still has severe headaches . "  People want me to be hateful , and I ca n't do that . I ca n't do that , " he said . "  I think it all goes back to what 's taking place in their home and who cares about them . I 'm not going to paint these kids as different or bad . "	On October 14 , a melee broke out between two Georgia high school football rivals One coach , trying to break up the fight , suffered serious injuries A player from each team suffered a concussion Some say the violence was fueled by talk via text messages and social media
InStyle.com  -- It takes a truly adventurous actress to pull off a razored Mohawk , a platinum pixie and a Louise Brooks bob , but we 'd expect nothing less from the ever provocative Selma Blair , who experimented with all three looks in under a year . Selma Blair says she works with hairstylists and makeup artists who "  have a vision . " "  I have no fears when it comes to my hair or clothes , " proclaims the 36-year-old star of NBC 's upcoming mom-and-daughter sitcom "  Kath and Kim " and July 's action flick "  Hellboy II : The Golden Army . " Makeup , however , is an entirely different matter for the self-declared "  poor applier , " who sticks with basics like nude lipstick and pink blush , and ducks whenever she sees a liquid liner . "  I avoid anything difficult , " she says . Blair 's signature look : "  A rosy cheek , a smudgy eye , a lot of mascara -- I look like a doll that has too much makeup on , and I love it ! " Have you always been a beauty chameleon ? In high school I would mess with my hair and makeup all the time . I used to wear a shirt that said "  Ms. Clairol " because I changed my hair color so much . I was blond for a long time , then what my mom called "  barnyard red . " Do you still dye it yourself ? Only when I have to cover up stray grays . And I 'll just use whatever color I find in the grocery store that looks good on the box , like Preference by L'Oréal -- because I 'm worth it -LSB- laughs -RSB- . But for my platinum hair , I went to Sheri at Román Salon in L.A. . She was a saint . I had just dyed my hair dark brown , so she had to very slowly strip out all the color so that my hair would n't burn off . And the cut -- are you keeping it short ? I tend to like my hair whatever way it 's not , so now I miss it being long . I think I 'm more approachable with long hair . When it 's short , I come across as being artsy and weird . What 's your typical makeup look ? I used to wear a lot of red lipstick , and when I got a pimple , I 'd cover it up with eyeliner to turn it into a beauty mark . But everything has changed since I hit 35 . I 'm at an age where any makeup that 's meant to look "  slept in " really looks like I slept in it . That 's for youngsters ! Now less is more . I do n't like to wear concealer or anything . I 'd rather have uneven skin than feel like my face is cracking from too much foundation . Then you must be serious about your skin care . I go to a spa in L.A. called Kinara for its Skin Care BootCamp . You go once a week for 12 sessions and they 'll look at your skin and tell you how to get it in better condition . They really helped me a lot . I also stay out of the sun . Any thoughts on Botox or plastic surgery ? I wanted to get Botox once to make me feel younger . But I do n't really have -LSB- enough wrinkles -RSB- to justify it yet . As for going under the knife , I ca n't say I would n't , but I have n't thought too much about it . Best beauty product ? Egyptian Magic cream is my saving grace for everything . It works for my friend 's baby 's bottom , and I can also use it instead of Chapstick . So what 's next ? I 'm really excited about having a perma-tan and wearing long highlighted hair extensions for my role on "  Kath and Kim . " And I 've been gaining weight for the part by eating a little bit more of what I want and not moving around as much . I 've already put on 15 pounds , and I 'll probably gain another 10 . It 'll be a whole new me ! Will this be your most drastic transformation ? Actually I wore huge prosthetic boobs for a John Waters movie . They were glued on every day by a really handsome guy , but ripping them off every night was definitely outside my realm of comfort . After those bosoms , I did n't mind being flat-chested anymore ! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2008 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Actress Selma Blair wore huge prosthetic boobs for a John Waters movie She 's gained at least 15 pounds for her role on "  Kath and Kim " She considered Botox but says she does n't have enough wrinkles for it yet Blair experimented with three completely different looks in less than a year
WIRED  -- From the earliest days of aviation , pilots have relied upon paper maps to help find their way . Even in an era of GPS and advanced avionics , you still see pilots lugging around 20 pounds or more of charts . But those days are numbered , because maps are giving way to iPads . The Federal Aviation Administration is allowing charter company Executive Jet Management to use Apple 's tablet as an approved alternative to paper charts . The authorization follows three months of rigorous testing and evaluation of the iPad and Mobile TC , a map app developed by aviation chartmaker Jeppesen . The latest decision applies only to Executive Jet Management , but it has implications for all of aviation . By allowing the company 's pilots to use the Apple iPad as a primary source of information , the FAA is acknowledging the potential for consumer tablets to become avionics instruments . The iPad has been popular with pilots of all types since its introduction last year . But until now , it could not be used in place of traditional paper charts or FAA-approved devices such as more expensive , purpose-built electronic flight bags . The iPad was OK for reference , but not as a pilot 's sole source of information . The new FAA authorization changes all that . To receive FAA authorization , Jeppesen and Executive Jet Management went through a rigorous approval process . It included rapid-decompression testing from a simulated altitude of 51,000 feet and ensuring the tablet will not interfere with critical navigation or electronic equipment . Executive Jet tested the iPad and Mobile TC in 10 aircraft flown by 55 pilots during 250 flights . The first thought many pilots , not to mention passengers , may have is : What happens if the iPad or the app crashes ? Jeff Buhl , Jeppesen 's product manager for the Mobile TC app , says the Apple iOS operating system and the app proved "  extremely stable " during testing . In the "  unlikely " event of a software crash , he says , it takes but a moment to get them running again . "  The recovery time for an application crashing or the OS crashing is extremely rapid , " Buhl says . During the evaluation period with the FAA , the production app did not crash . But even if it did , Buhl says it 's ready to go again "  in 4-6 seconds from re-launch to previous state . " The FAA says each individual operator -- in this case Executive Jet Management -- must develop specific procedures for dealing with system or software crashes and other issues . Under the authorization , Executive Jet Management will require a second approved electronic device , which most likely will be another iPad , in the cockpit . Pilots may get magic fingers to keep them alert Although this authorization applies to just one company , it is a milestone for all operators , including major airlines , because it opens the door for them to embrace the iPad . Though any company wishing to follow Executive Jet 's lead will have to endure equally rigorous scrutiny by the FAA . Agency spokesman Les Dorr says the process is no different from what is required for any other electronic device used to display navigation information . "  As far as the iPad is concerned , we do that on a case-by-case basis when an airline applies to be able to use it , " Dorr says . The FAA is already seeing more requests to use the iPad in the cockpit . Alaska Airlines began testing the iPad back in November and there are about 100 pilots currently evaluating the device according to spokeswoman Marianne Lindsey . She says in addition to the convenience , there is a practical weight-saving aspect to using the iPad as well , "  it 's replaced about 25 pounds of manuals and charts . " Jeppesen 's director of portfolio management , Tim Huegel , says several carriers are looking into using the iPad and TC Mobile , and with the FAA granting one approval , it should become increasingly easy for others to follow Executive Jet 's lead . "  We 'll be able to reuse a lot of the documentation and the lessons learned working with Executive Jet Management to help our commercial customers as they now begin to pursue FAA authorization , " he says . The charts available with Mobile TC include charts for visual flight rules and for instrument flight rules , which are more commonly used by commercial operators . The app only shows an electronic version of the paper charts Jeppesen has been producing for years , but Huegel says future versions could incorporate the iPad 's GPS capability . He sees a day when tablets provide "  door-to-door management " of a pilot 's information , from crew scheduling to weather information to navigation charts . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	The FAA has approved iPads instead of paper charts for a charter company 's pilots iPads are popular among pilots but were only OK for reference This allowance applies to only Executive Jet Management for now
CNN  -- Disciplinary proceedings were launched Friday against Croatia international Josip Simunic for alleged pro-Nazi chants after his country had sealed qualification for the 2014 World Cup , FIFA confirmed . In the wake of Croatia 's 2-0 win over Iceland in a playoff match Tuesday to seal their passage to Brazil , Simunic grabbed a microphone and addressed the crowd at the Maksimir stadium in Zagreb . He said loudly "  za dom " -- translated from Croatian as "  for the homeland " -- four times , gaining an immediate response from fans , who chanted "  spremni " , meaning "  ready " . The chants have been associated with the feared pro-Nazi Ustase regime , which controlled Croatia during World War II . According to reports in Croatia , the 35-year-old Simunic has been fined 25,000 kunas  $ 4,400  by prosecutors in Zagreb for inciting racial unrest . World governing body FIFA has also felt compelled to act . "  We can confirm that disciplinary proceedings have been opened concerning the case , " it said in a statement . Dinamo Zagreb captain Simunic has denied any political intent behind his impromptu celebration . "  The thought that anyone could associate me with any form of hatred or violence terrifies me , " he said in a statement on Dinamo 's official website . "  If anyone understood my cries differently , or negatively , I hereby want to deny they contained any political context . "  They were guided exclusively by my love for my people and homeland , not hatred and destruction . " The veteran defender , who has spent much of his club career in the German Bundesliga , has been a mainstay for Croatia since making his debut in 2001 . Both FIFA and European football 's governing body UEFA have warned and fined Croatia on several occasions for the racist behavior of their fans . Its football federation also reacted to Simunic 's actions , with chief Davor Suker describing them as "  an inappropriate gesture " and hinting at further action . In September , Simunic was the center of further controversy during Croatia 's qualifying match against bitter rivals Serbia . With the scores tied at 1-1 , a result which all but ended their chances of automatic qualification for Brazil , Simunic scythed down Serbia 's Miralem Sulejmani as he burst clear , earning an immediate red card . In other football news Friday , UEFA fined both Marseille and Napoli for incidents involving flares during Champions League games between the sides . French giants Marseille were hit with a euro 58,000  $ 78.600  sanction after their fans threw flares and other objects on to the pitch during their home fixture on October 22 and in the away game at Napoli 's San Paolo stadium on November 6 . Serie A Napoli , who won both games , were hit with a euro 55,000  74,500  fine for the same behavior by their supporters .	FIFA start disciplinary proceedings against Josip Simunic Croatian defender led their fans in alleged pro-Nazi chants Followed 2-0 win over Iceland to clinch World Cup qualification Croatia fined in the past for racist behavior of fans
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Jurors in the trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor worked for more than seven hours Friday before telling the judge that they had not reached a verdict and were ready to go home for the weekend . The seven men and five women deciding the fate of Dr. Conrad Murray , who is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the 2009 death of the pop icon , will resume deliberations Monday morning . Katherine and Joe Jackson , the parents of the Jackson family , were so anxious for a verdict that they spent Friday afternoon in a hotel near the courthouse so they could get there quickly . Dozens of Jackson fans filled the plaza outside of the downtown Los Angeles County courthouse , shouting slogans , waving signs and sometimes arguing with Murray supporters . The jury heard from 49 witnesses over 23 days , including Murray 's girlfriends and patients , Jackson 's former employees , investigators , and medical experts for each side . Prosecutor David Walgren told them Thursday the evidence that Murray caused Jackson 's death is "  overwhelming " and "  abundantly clear , " while defense lawyer Ed Chernoff argued no crime was committed . "  If it were anybody else but Michael Jackson , would this doctor be here today ? " Chernoff asked , saying it 's a negligence case that should instead be heard by the state medical board . "  He was just a little fish in a big , dirty pond , " Chernoff said , pointing the finger at other doctors who treated Jackson , and at Jackson himself . The singer 's death on June 25 , 2009 , was caused by acute propofol intoxication in combination with two sedatives , the Los Angeles County coroner ruled . Jurors must decide if the overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol was infused into Jackson 's blood by a steady IV drip , as the prosecution contends , or if Jackson injected himself with a syringe left nearby by Murray , as the defense argues . Prosecutors argue that Murray 's use of propofol in Jackson 's home to treat his insomnia was so reckless it was criminally negligent . "  Conrad Murray left Prince , Paris and Blanket without a father , " Walgren said . "  For them , this case does n't end today , or tomorrow . For Michael 's children , this case will go on forever , because they do not have a father . They do not have a father because of the actions of Conrad Murray . " Walgren argued that until Jackson 's death , no one ever heard of propofol being in a home every night to put someone to sleep . He called it "  a pharmaceutical experiment on Michael Jackson ... an obscene experiment . " The defense contends Jackson self-administered the fatal overdose of drugs in a desperate search for sleep without Murray 's knowing . "  What they 're really asking you to do is to convict Dr. Murray for the actions of Michael Jackson , " Chernoff said . After Chernoff finished his arguments , Walgren attacked the defense for trying to blame "  everybody but Conrad Murray , poor Conrad Murray . " "  If allowed more time to argue , I am sure they would find a way to blame Michael 's son , Prince , " Walgren said in his rebuttal . Walgren painted Murray as a selfish doctor who agreed to take $ 150,000 a month to give Jackson nightly infusions of propofol in his home , something an ethical doctor would never do because of the dangers . While Jackson was hooked up to a constant intravenous drip of propofol , Murray was not paying attention , the prosecutor said . Telephone records and testimony showed he was talking to Sade Anding , a Houston cocktail waitress , when he realized Jackson had stopped breathing . "  What was so important to Conrad Murray that he had to call Sade Anding at that time ? What was so important to this doctor that he needed to call one of his female friends in Houston ? What was so pressing that he just could n't care for Michael Jackson , that he had to call Sade Anding ? " It will never be known how long Jackson had not been breathing when Murray dropped the phone in the middle of his conversation with Anding , the prosecutor said . "  Was Conrad Murray in another room ? Did Michael Jackson yell out for help ? Did he gasp ? Did he choke ? Were there sounds ? We do n't know and we 'll never know , because of the neglect and negligence of Conrad Murray . " Walgren questioned why Murray waited at least 20 minutes after he found Jackson was not breathing before he asked a security guard call for an ambulance . "  To speak to a 911 operator was the only hope of Michael Jackson being revived to see another day , " Walgren said . Paramedics arrived just four minutes after the call , but too late to save Jackson , he said . Chernoff argued that Murray depended on chef Kai Chase to send up a security guard while he was trying to revive Jackson , but she only sent son Prince . When Murray spoke with police two days after Jackson 's death , it was "  to get ahead of the story , " because he knew there would be toxicology reports showing he died from propofol and sedatives , Walgren said . "  Unfortunately , his version does n't match up with the evidence , the phone records , the e-mails , but he knew what toxicology findings would show , " Walgren said . Jurors heard from two anesthesiology experts who offered competing theories , Dr. Steven Shafer for the prosecution and Dr. Paul White for the defense . Walgren attacked White for his determination "  to find a theory or way to blame it on Michael Jackson . " White testified that the levels of propofol and sedatives found in Jackson 's stomach , blood and urine during the autopsy convinced him that Jackson swallowed a large does of lorazepam and later gave himself a rapid injection of propofol , which led to his death . "  What you were presented from Dr. White was junk science , " Walgren said . Chernoff defended his expert and attacked Shafer , saying he was "  not a scientist ; he was an advocate . He was trying to prove a point ; he was trying to prove a case . " "  Dr. White knows more about propofol than Dr. Shafer will ever , ever know , " Chernoff said . Shafer testified that the "  only scenario " in Jackson 's death was one involving an IV drip system infusing a steady flow of propofol into Jackson over several hours before his death . Chernoff argued that the prosecution fabricated the theory because they "  desperately needed a drip , " because "  without a drip , what Dr. Murray gave Michael Jackson would not have harmed him . " "  If Dr. Murray did what he said he did , there was no danger to Michael Jackson , " Chernoff said . "  Michael Jackson was not going to die and it does n't matter if you leave the room and go outside and play basketball . " Chernoff attacked the credibility of Alberto Alvarez , Jackson 's former bodyguard , who testified that he saw a propofol bottle inside an empty saline bag suspended on an IV stand by Jackson 's bed . Alvarez waited two months after Jackson 's death to tell the story , Chernoff said . "  All of a sudden , his story becomes monumentally more compelling and more valuable , " Chernoff said . Alvarez acknowledged he turned down a $ 500,000 offer for an interview , Chernoff said . "  Do you honestly believe that Alberto Alvarez is not going to cash in ? " Alavarez , who placed the 911 call from Jackson 's bedroom , also testified he helped remove Jackson from the bed and performed CPR on him , but a paramedic contradicted that testimony . Investigators who found the cut saline bag and propofol bottle never photographed them together or document the bottle being inside the bag , Chernoff said . The "  bottle in a bag " theory was even less believable because the propofol bottle had a plastic strip attached to it so it could be hung from an IV stand , he said . That strip was never used , both sides agreed . "  Dr. Murray did n't have to go through the ridiculous , absurd step of cutting a bag , propping it up into a cut IV bag , hanging it up where it could fall , " Chernoff said . Murray , if convicted , faces up to four years in prison and the loss of his medical license .	NEW : Jury deliberations resume Monday in Conrad Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial Do n't convict "  Murray for the actions of Michael Jackson , " defense says Defense blames "  everybody but Conrad Murray , poor Conrad Murray , " prosecutor says Jury must decide if Murray used an IV drip or if Jackson injected himself with overdose
CNN  -- A Florida woman is recovering after being attacked by a bear who ambled into her open garage and sifted through her garbage cans in search of food , sheriff 's deputies said Sunday . The woman said as many as five bears "  of various sizes " were rooting through her trash when she walked into the garage , Seminole County Sheriff 's Lt. Pete Brenenstuhl said . A black bear "  dragged her from inside the garage out into her driveway , " leaving her with scrapes and cuts to her face and legs , Brenenstuhl said . The woman escaped and ran back into her home , where her husband called 911 , he said . She was taken to a nearby hospital for treatment . Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission spokesman Greg Workman said initial reports that several bears had attacked the woman were wrong . "  There were several bears observed near the area , but one bear is responsible for her injuries . " Lt. Jeff Hudson said the woman had an "  encounter with a black bear " but could not confirm the reports of multiple bears being involved in the incident . The Saturday night encounter came the same day Florida wildlife officials warned that black bears and their cubs have started moving around in search of food after winter . The agency urges residents to use bear-resistant trash cans to prevent incidents like the one on Saturday night . "  Now is the time to expect bears to show up looking for food , " Dave Telesco , the head of the wildlife commission 's bear management program , said in Saturday 's advisory . "  If they ca n't find food in your neighborhood , they 'll move on . " In December : Bear suspected in attack captured , killed 12-year-old bear attack survivor : ' I just thought I was going to die ' Alaska hunter mauled by bear survives 36 hours in wilderness	NEW : Just one bear , not several , attacked the woman , official says The woman found as many as five bears rooting through her garbage , deputies say Black bears are currently on the move in search of food , conservation officials say Bear encounter leaves Florida woman with cuts and scrapes
CNN  -- A parade of world leaders took the lectern at the United Nations on Wednesday . But days before the speeches on a host of issues , the global body quietly undertook an issue that often flies under the radar : Women . The United Nations consolidated four agencies that tackle women 's issues and created a new super agency . Last week , the United Nations consolidated four agencies that tackle women 's issues and created a new super agency . Humanitarian workers around the world embraced the move . It was about time , they said , that the world got serious about how half its population lives . The 1945 charter on which the United Nations was founded mandates equal rights for men and women . Since then , the United Nations has added new agencies that focus specifically on children , the environment , refugees , health , education , atomic energy and Palestinians . All report directly to the secretary general , except the agencies pertaining to women . Women 's advocates said the agencies were run by lower-ranking officials and lacked clout . In 2006 , a high-level panel on U.N. reform described the women 's agencies as "  incoherent , under-resourced and fragmented . " It recommended that the United Nations create a dynamic agency focused on gender equality and women 's empowerment . And last year , a coalition of 300 private development agencies launched the European Campaign for Gender Equality Architecture Reform  GEAR  , which pressured the United Nations to create a single organization to address what it described as consistent neglect of women 's needs . Paula Donovan , co-director of AIDS-Free World , said a double standard persists , despite the image of the United Nations as a strong women 's advocacy machine . The only thing the U.N. Development Fund for Women  UNIFEM  has in common with the well-known U.N. Children 's Fund  UNICEF  is a similar sounding name , Donovan said . UNIFEM had neither the high-level U.N. staff nor the money of UNICEF , said Donovan , who worked at UNICEF for 15 years . She said UNIFEM 's entire global budget equaled the budget of the UNICEF operation in Ethiopia . Donovan hopes the new agency will "  lift the ideals that are worded so eloquently in U.N. declarations and resolutions off of the inert pages they 're written on and plant them in real women 's lives . " "  Women who have been leading and achieving for decades without the help of the U.N. system will now enjoy the strengths and benefits that the U.N. can offer , " she said . Development agencies shared high expectations for the new agency 's promotion of women 's rights in a world where a disproportionate number of the suffering and persecuted are female . "  This is a great move , " said Helene Gayle , president of CARE , an international humanitarian agency that focuses on empowering women and girls in developing nations . "  Now , what 's needed are resources , a clear mandate and strong leadership , " she said . "  But I think what we 're looking for most is the accountability to make sure gender is integrated into all U.N. strategies . It 's up to member states to move quickly , get this new agency off on the right foot and turn the plan into reality . " Ahead of this week 's U.N. meetings , UNIFEM issued a report on the progress of women 's rights , part of a set of development goals that global agencies have committed to achieving by 2015 . "  Implementation still has a long way to go in translating commitments to women 's rights into changes in women 's lives , " UNIFEM said . Roughly 60 percent of the world 's population living in poverty are women and girls . According to UNIFEM : • Women are outnumbered four to one in legislatures around the world . • Over 60 percent of all unpaid family workers globally are women , and women still earn on average 17 percent less than men . • About one-third of women still suffer gender-based violence during their lives . • In some parts of the world , one in 10 women dies from pregnancy-related causes even though the means for preventing maternal mortality are cost-effective and well-known . "  Gender gaps on this scale are symptomatic of an accountability crisis , " UNIFEM said . "  Governments and multilateral organizations have a responsibility to do a better job of answering to women . " Last week , the General Assembly voted to merge UNIFEM and three other U.N. women 's agencies to better address glaring gender inequities . In Kenya , for example , the Parliament adopted a new sexual offense bill that hands a minimum 10-year-sentence to a man who is convicted of rape . If he is acquitted , his accuser goes to jail for 10 years . The bill was adopted two years ago over the objections of women lawmakers . Donovan cited the Kenyan law as an example of the uphill climb women face in developing nations . She said AIDS-Free World and other non-governmental organizations are urging the United Nations to fund the new women 's agency with an initial $ 1 billion budget . Advocates would also like to see a presence of the agency in every developing nation , she said . HIV/AIDS agencies especially welcomed the news . "  This is a historic opportunity to advance the rights of women and girls , " said Michel Sidibe , executive director of the U.N. agency on HIV/AIDS . He noted that 60 percent of people living with HIV in sub-Saharan Africa are women . Some aid agencies say that number is as high as 75 percent . Donovan said the new agency has the potential to change the way the United Nations functions in everything it does , as every institution -- whether it 's a courtroom or classroom , a political party or a pub , a gymnasium or a country club -- opens its doors to women . And treats them differently , once they step inside .	United Nations consolidates agencies , creates group focused on women 's issues Women 's advocates say previous agencies lacked clout Roughly 60 percent of the world 's population living in poverty are women and girls
CNN  -- Olympic champion Lindsey Vonn suffered a "  complex knee injury " when she crashed during the opening day super-G at the Alpine Ski World Championships in Austria on Tuesday , doctors said . The U.S. Ski and Snowboard Association said the four-time Alpine World Cup champion was airlifted from the race course in Schladming , Austria , to a hospital . She was evaluated and released , according to the U.S. Ski Team . Vonn , 28 , does not need immediate surgery on the "  complex torn ligament " in her right knee , said Dr. Christian Kaulfersch , who is treating her at the Schladming Hospital . U.S. team officials are considering whether she should fly back to the United States or remain in Europe for treatment , he said . Days earlier : Victorious Vonn closes on World Cup record The U.S. team 's website reported that Vonn will be out for the rest of this season , but is expected to return for the 2013-14 World Cup campaign and next February 's Winter Olympics in Sochi . Vonn suffered a torn ACL and MCL in her right knee and a lateral tibial plateau fracture , according to ski team medical director Kyle Wilkens . Vonn wrote in a special column published in The Denver Post that the women 's super-G runs might be postponed Tuesday because of weather . Vonn 's injury ` career-delayer , ' not ` career-ender ' "  I 've been trying to be patient and stay calm , but it 's pretty tough with the way the weather has been , " Vonn wrote . "  It snowed a lot Sunday night , there was no training possible Monday on the race hill , then it rained most of Monday afternoon and evening . " The heavy snow meant Monday 's free skiing session , in which she could learn about the race course 's terrain and conditions , was canceled , she wrote . "  None of our staff has been on the hill , " she wrote . "  We do n't know what shape the hill is in . We do n't know anything about it . " Vonn was very familiar with the hill since it is where the World Cup finals were held last year , she wrote , "  but it always feels a little awkward when you do n't get a chance to free ski the hill before you race . It 's tricky to know the terrain when all you have to go on is course inspection the morning of the race . " Vonn , who won the downhill gold in the 2010 Olympics in Vancouver , is just three wins behind Annemarie Moser-Proll 's record of 62 World Cup wins . She was coming back from an intestinal illness that hospitalized her in November . Watch : Vonn interviewed in 2010 World Cup leader Tina Maze won gold in Tuesday 's super-G ahead of Lara Gut of Switzerland and third-placed American Julia Mancuso . The Slovenian continued her dominance this season as another big rival , two-time Olympic champion Maria Hofl-Riesch of Germany , also crashed out of the race . "  This is very important for me , it is my first speed medal , " Maze said on the FIS website . "  I came here as one of the top favorites and proved my good shape . I knew it would be a long day today and was ready for it , even after all the postponements . Slovenia is such a small country and I am very happy and proud I can take this gold medal back with me . " Mancuso won the fifth world championship medal of her career , and her third in the super-G discipline -- one of two "  speed events " along with the downhill , compared to the "  technical " slalom and giant slalom races . "  I think that might 've been one of the most difficult races I 've ever been in . It was a really long course . I did n't know I 'd be so tired at the end of the run , " the 28-year-old said . Vonn faces race against time CNN 's Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report	NEW : Lindsey Vonn suffered right knee ligament damage and a fracture NEW : Four-time Alpine World Cup champion released from hospital Snow prevented her from practicing on the race course Monday Vonn won the downhill gold in the 2010 Olympics in Vancouver
