H.R. Giger , the Swiss surrealist artist whose works of sexual-industrial imagery and design of the eponymous creature in the "  Alien " movies were known around the world , has died . He was 74 . His death was confirmed by a statement from his longtime friend and manager , Leslie Barany . "  We are absolutely heartbroken over the loss of this loving husband , selfless friend and supremely talented artist , " the statement read . "  He truly was one of a kind , committed to his craft , to his friends and to his family . His warm personality , incredible generosity and sharp sense of humor were in stark contrast with the universe he depicted in his art . " Giger 's art -- often featuring skeletal , tentacled , protomechanical  Giger called them "  biomechanical "  figures rendered in shades of blue-gray and brown -- was a mainstay of dorm-room bookshelves and science-fiction hallucinations . Among his most widely known works was the cover for Emerson , Lake & Palmer 's 1973 album "  Brain Salad Surgery . " But he 's probably best known for his design of the Alien , the extraterrestrial species in Ridley Scott 's 1979 sci-fi/horror film "  Alien " and its sequels . With its oblong , skull-like head , dozens of teeth , narrow torso and spiny , whip-quick tail , it was a fearsome creature that salivated acid and appeared to come and go at will . Indeed , the being that terrorizes the spaceship in the first film literally explodes out of actor John Hurt 's chest before skittering away . Encouraged by "  Alien " screenwriter Dan O'Bannon , Scott turned to Giger after seeing similar creatures in the artist 's 1977 book , "  Necronomicon . " Giger and the special effects team won an Oscar for their work . The Alien , also known as the Xenomorph , later appeared in "  Aliens "  1986  , "  Alien 3 "  1992  , "  Alien : Resurrection "  1997  , "  Alien vs. Predator "  2004  and its 2007 sequel , and -- in somewhat different form -- "  Prometheus "  2012  . Giger , who called the creatures "  my monsters , " told CNN in 2011 that his work was , indeed , shaped by nightmares . "  I feel very , very safe and happy and I have no more nightmares , but at the time , in earlier days , I could heal myself through doing my work , " he said . Barany 's statement addressed Giger 's fondness for the Xenomorph . "  It was certainly a design which Giger prized , much as he took great pride in his collaboration with myriads of music industry and film artists , since he began his glorious journey as a world-class painter , sculptor and designer , " read the statement . Hans Rudolf Giger was born on February 5 , 1940 , in Chur , Switzerland . The son of a pharmacist , he showed a talent for drawing at an early age and originally trained to be an architect . But he maintained a separate life as an artist , turning to the field fulltime in the 1960s . He had a longterm relationship with actress Li Tobler , who served as the model for several of his works . Tobler committed suicide in 1975 . Giger was married twice ; he is survived by his wife , Carmen Maria Scheifele Giger . In the late '60s , a friend published a number of Giger 's works as posters . Within a couple years , he was in demand by galleries and curators . In 1974 , Giger was asked to do the design for Alejandro Jodorowsky 's doomed version of "  Dune , " now the subject of a documentary , "  Jodorowsky 's Dune . " Among the other participants in "  Dune " was one of Giger 's heroes , the Spanish surrealist Salvador Dali . Giger also created the cover for Debbie Harry 's 1981 album "  Koo Koo , " which featured the Blondie singer with long needles impaling her face , and was a designer on the 1996 film "  Species . " His work was much praised . "  I think his ideas are very existential , " Norwegian curator Stina Hogkvist told CNN in 2011 . "  What makes up a human being ; when does a life start , when does it end ; what is natural and what is unnatural . It 's always interesting and always relevant . " In later years , Giger had his own museum in Gruyeres , Switzerland . It included his own work , as well as pieces by Dali and Ernst Fuchs . His life , Giger said in 2011 , had grown much calmer . "  I have not to work absolutely now . I like to be free to dream , " he said . People we 've lost in 2014	H.R. Giger created "  Alien 's " Xenomorph along with album covers His work was distinguished by eerie , erotic combinations of human and machine Giger said he was inspired by his dreams and nightmares
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Belvedere Vodka executives quickly apologized for an ad posted online that showed a smiling man grabbing a woman , who appeared to be in fear , from behind . "  Unlike some people , Belvedere always goes down smoothly , " the ad 's caption read . It drew hundreds of negative comments after it appeared Friday on the company 's Facebook page , with many suggesting it appeared to depict a rape . Belvedere Vodka marketing Senior Vice President Jason Lundy posted an apology on the page Friday afternoon , saying the ad also offended "  the people who work here at Belvedere . " "  The post is absolutely inconsistent with our values and beliefs and in addition to removing the offensive post we are committed to making sure that something like this does n't happen again , " Lundy said . Company President Charles Gibb added his apology in a posting Saturday . "  It should never have happened , " Gibb said . "  I am currently investigating the matter to determine how this happened and to be sure it never does so again . The content is contrary to our values and we deeply regret this lapse . " The company 's apology included a donation to RAINN -- the Rape , Abuse and Incest National Network -- "  as an expression of our regret , " Gibb said . RAINN posted on its Facebook page that when Gibb called the group he was "  profusely apologetic " and "  offered to make a generous donation to RAINN to support our work to help victims of sexual violence and educate the public . " The apology appeared to be accepted . "  Nice to see a company that not only undoes its mistake but looks for a way to do good afterwards , " RAINN 's post said . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	"  Unlike some people , Belvedere always goes down smoothly , " the ad 's caption says Belvedere Vodka exec calls the ad "  absolutely inconsistent with our values " Vodka company vows to investigate how it was posted Anti-rape group accepts Belvedere 's apology and donation
Ellie Kemper is officially returning to NBC . "  The Office " actress will star in a new sitcom written and produced by "  30 Rock 's " Tina Fey and Robert Carlock . The network has ordered , straight-to-series , 13 episodes of the new comedy for next fall . The series will center on a woman  Kemper  who "  escapes from a doomsday cult and starts life over in New York City . " Owen Wilson making porn drama for Starz "  Tina and Robert , who cemented their partnership on '30 Rock , ' have created a new signature comedy for us that is audacious , emotional , and clever , " said Robert Greenblatt , Chairman , NBC Entertainment . "  While tapping into very relatable themes , there is n't anything like this anywhere else on television . NBC has been their home for many years and we 're so happy that they 've found another way to push the comedy envelope for us . " ` Cougar Town ' season 5 gets a premiere date : Watch the first promo ! Added Jennifer Salke , President , NBC Entertainment : "  Original voices like Tina and Robert do n't come along very often and we wanted them back on the air as soon as possible . And to have them working with Ellie Kemper -- who we watched grow up on ` The Office ' from supporting player to leading actress -- puts the whole package together . We feel fortunate to be in business with this entire creative team on something so funny , unique , and attention-getting . " See the original story on EW.com .	NBC has ordered a comedy from Tina Fey and Robert Carlock The two "  30 Rock " cohorts will both write and produce the sitcom "  The Office 's " Ellie Kemper is set to star The comedy is scheduled to bow next fall
CNN  -- With all due respect to arachnophobes , I love spiders . Some might call me obsessed , but I 've been studying spiders and spider silks for many years now and do n't see an end in sight . There is simply too much to do . Spiders have been around for over 300 million years and are found in nearly every terrestrial environment . There are more than 40,000 species living today and each spins at least one type of silk . However , most spiders spin more than one type of silk . For example , the orb-web weaving spiders that are commonly seen in gardens during the day or near porch lights at night , typically make seven kinds of silk . Each silk is chemically and functionally distinctive . An individual spider can produce multiple varieties of silk because it has numerous silk glands inside its body . Some silk glands make one type of silk , another set of silk glands makes a second type of silk , and so forth . One of the unforgettable moments in my life was the first time I dissected a spider and saw its stunningly beautiful , translucent silk glands . Spiders make good use of their many silks . When you look at an orb-web , there 's one type of ultra-strong and fairly stiff silk that makes up the scaffold . This silk , which is also used as the safety drag line , is tougher than almost all biological and man-made materials . The sticky spiral of the orb-web is composed of two different silks , one a glue and the other a highly stretchable fiber . The glue and the fiber are produced in separate glands and the spider dots the glue onto the fiber while building the web . TED.com : Put a value on natural Spider silks , with their magnificent diversity and amazing properties , are the perfect system to engage people from different walks of life . Geneticists , engineers , biotechnologists , artists , natural historians , and comparative biologists  like me  can forge exciting collaborations . Researchers around the world are working on silks spun by spiders from around the world . Inspiration and knowledge are being exchanged along a modern version of the ancient silk road . Speaking of the ancient silk road , I 'm often asked what 's the difference between spider silk and silkworm silk , the kind of silk in a typical silk scarf or blouse . Silk used in textiles is spun from the mouths of caterpillars to form cocoons that protect them while they transform into moths . A silkworm has only one pair of silk glands and can make one type of fiber . TED.com : Silk , the ancient material of the future Spiders , in contrast , have many silk glands , and the silk emerges from spinnerets located towards the rear of their bodies . Spiders are also able to spin silk from when they are very young and continue to do so throughout their lives . Researchers are drawing inspiration from spider silks to produce novel , protein-based , eco-friendly materials for use in medical , cosmetic , electronic , textile , industrial , and other applications . The potential is enormous , especially considering the mind-boggling diversity of spiders and their silks . For me , each day begins and ends with wanting to learn a little more about the secrets of spider silk . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cheryl Hayashi .	Cheryl Hayashi : Spiders spin many different kinds of silk Some are among the strongest materials on earth There are 40,000 species of spiders and each spins at least one kind of silk She says researchers are working on ways to use lessons from spider silk to engineer new materials
Aurora , Colorado  CNN  -- Picture the monumental task of counseling strangers affected by a horror worse than they 've ever imagined . Now , imagine spending an entire career doing that , year after year . Regularly exposed to the aftermath of deadly attacks and natural disasters , grief counselors face the fury of Mother Nature and the worst of humanity -- while leading the effort to counteract it with the best . Those who sign up for disaster counseling require a demeanor , depth and inner-strength to keep going , experts say . "  Our job is to provide psychological first aid and to help people find their strengths , " says Margaret Charlton , a psychologist who has been handling calls and walk-ins at a hotline center here in Aurora , Colorado , since Friday 's massacre at a midnight showing of the new Batman film "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Remembering the victims "  In this type of shooting disaster , the unexpectedness of it is a big part of the difficulty for unsettling families , because they want to know why . And we know after we 've done this for a while that there often is n't an answer as to why . So you 're trying to help people move past that without being able to know , " she said . The center and its partners spoke with about 200 people within 24 hours of the shootings , and more have been coming in since . Many are locals who knew victims . Some are even relatives . "  One woman lost her daughter who had small children , " says Holly Cappello , one of the counselors here . "  And she did n't know how to exactly go about talking to the small children about this loss . " So far , the task of these counselors has been first to express sympathies for any loss , says Cappello , "  then try to sort out from them what it is that they need in this moment . " They listen , offer words of support and encouragement , and focus on helping in pragmatic ways to relieve other concerns -- getting families help for planning memorial services or financial support . "  So part of it is education , " says Cappello . "  And part of it is accessing resources for the person who is grieving . " While every disaster is unique , this one hit "  very , very close to home , " says Cappello . "  We knew a lot of teenagers who had friends there -- or who were shot , " she said . And the gunman targeted what most people feel is a safe place . Going to the movies is even something disaster counselors often suggest that families do together as a positive experience , she said . Opinion : Can we feel safe in a crowd anymore ? Cappello herself has a 17-year-old daughter , and understands the fears many parents now have when their children are going out . "  You think when you send your child to an event like that , there 's a likelihood of it being safe , " she says . The ability to associate with those needing counseling is helpful , but it also speaks to a professional hazard : vicarious trauma , also called secondary trauma . Counselors can experience their own emotional toll . "  I have a feeling in a few days I will have a story of vicarious trauma , " says psychologist Kirsten Anderson , who has been coordinating counseling efforts at the disaster response site in Aurora . Just weeks ago she was working with evacuees from wildfires in the state . In 2010 she helped those affected by massive wildfires at Fourmile Canyon in Boulder . Counselors these days are given a lot of training on how to handle the stresses , and how to recognize symptoms of secondary trauma in themselves , Anderson says . "  That 's why we check in with people " who are offering the counseling , to see how they are , she said . And "  a part of our professional duty is preparing ourselves . " The toll it takes on counselors is a big reason there 's plenty of attrition in the industry , the psychologists say . And they 've had times when they chose not to take part in counseling after certain events , because they knew they were n't up to it . "  I was tired or there were family crises going on that left me without enough reserves , " Charlton says . 5 tips on talking to kids about scary news But for all the challenges , the experience -- amid tragedy and devastation -- is incredibly rewarding . "  I think it 's important for everyone , not just professionals , to feel like they 're contributing , helping the community heal from what has happened , " says Anderson . "  It 's rewarding for everyone . " "  If I was going to be a medical doctor , I 'd be an E.R. doctor , " adds Cappello , who has worked in disaster response for 20 years . "  I like a lot of energy , I think I do well under pressure . " Whatever the perils of the profession , she says , the work is worth it . "  If you have a skill you want to utilize it in a way that helps people . When they 're having the worst day of their life and you 're there to help them with that , that 's a small personal price to pay . " For now , they 're focused on helping the community of Aurora move on . The goal for initial disaster counseling is to help people have "  a little less pain at that point , " says Charlton . "  People have a little more peace , a little more normalcy than before they chatted with us , " says Anderson . The result can be enormous . About 80 % of those who seek this kind of help often have a "  spontaneous recovery , " Charlton says . That does n't mean they suddenly feel fine -- it means the counseling can help steer people in a direction away from developing Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder . They will go through the normal grief process and think about the events for a long time , but then will move on . "  Most people are resilient , " says Charlton , who has been working in disaster response since 1988 and helped people after the Columbine massacre , as well as evacuees from Hurricane Katrina . "  Our job in disaster response is to help them find their resilience . " President shares story of hero who tended to friend in theater shooting Former colleague shocked that Holmes is theater shooting suspect ` Words are ... inadequate , ' Obama tells families of shooting victims	Disaster counselors require an inner-strength to work in a tough field The theater shooting in Colorado hit "  very , very close to home " Counselors can experience their own emotional toll There are checks in place ensure they do n't suffer secondary trauma
CNN  -- European Union leaders have hailed an agreement to use funds from both Europe and the International Monetary Fund to help financially-crippled Greece as important for the euro zone . So what 's the problem in Greece ? Years of unrestrained spending , cheap lending and failure to implement financial reforms left Greece badly exposed when the global economic downturn struck . This whisked away a curtain of partly fiddled statistics to reveal debt levels and deficits that exceeded limits set by the eurozone . How big are these debts ? National debt , put at $ 300 billion  $ 413.6 billion  , is bigger than the country 's economy , with some estimates predicting it will reach 120 percent of gross domestic product in 2010 . The country 's deficit -- how much more it spends than it takes in -- is 12.7 percent . So what happens now ? Greece 's credit rating -- the assessment of its ability to repay its debts -- has been downgraded to the lowest in the eurozone , meaning it will likely be viewed as a financial black hole by foreign investors . This leaves the country struggling to pay its bills as interest rates on existing debts rise . The Greek government of Prime Minister George Papandreou , which inherited much of the financial burden when it took office late last year , has already scrapped most of its pre-election promises and must implement harsh and unpopular spending cuts . Will this hurt the rest of Europe ? Greece is already in major breach of eurozone rules on deficit management and with the financial markets betting the country will default on its debts , this reflects badly on the credibility of the euro . There are also fears that financial doubts will infect other nations at the low end of Europe 's economic scale , with Portugal and the Republic of Ireland coming under scrutiny . If Europe needs to resort to rescue packages involving bodies such as the International Monetary Fund , this would further damage the euro 's reputation and could lead to a substantial fall against other key currencies . So what is Greece doing ? As already mentioned , the government has started slashing away at spending and has implemented austerity measures aimed at reducing the deficit by more than $ 10 billion  $ 13.7 billion  . It has hiked taxes on fuel , tobacco and alcohol , raised the retirement age by two years , imposed public sector pay cuts and applied tough new tax evasion regulations . Are people happy with this ? Predictably , quite the opposite and there have been warnings of resistance from various sectors of society . Workers nationwide have staged strikes closing airports , government offices , courts and schools . This industrial action is expected to continue . How are Greece 's European neighbors helping ? Led by Germany 's Chancellor Angela Merkel , all 16 countries which make up the euro zone have agreed a rescue plan for their ailing neighbor . The package , which would only be offered as a last resort , will involve co-ordinated bilateral loans from countries inside the common currency area , as well as funds and technical assistance from the International Monetary Fund  IMF  . According to a joint statement on the EU Web site , a "  majority " of the euro zone States would contribute an amount based on their Gross Domestic Product  GDP  and population , "  in the event that Greece needed support after failing to access funds in the financial markets . " This means Germany will be the main contributor , followed by France . Although the announcement did not mention any specific figure , a senior European official quoted by Reuters said that the potential package may be worth around 20 billion euro  US$ 26.8 billion  . However any European-backed loan package requires the unanimous approval of European Union members , meaning any euro zone country would have effective veto power .	Greece 's national debt is now bigger than the country 's economy There are fears Greece 's problems will infect other eurozone countries Country has implemented austere measures to try to curb debt
CNN  -- A registered sex offender has been indicted on 85 counts -- including aggravated murder , rape and kidnapping -- in the deaths of 11 women whose bodies were found at his home , authorities said Tuesday . In addition , Anthony Sowell , 50 , is charged with "  brutalizing " three women and raping two of them , Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Bill Mason said . Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against Sowell , Mason said . Sowell is scheduled to be arraigned Thursday . Sowell is now charged with 11 counts of aggravated murder with a "  mass murder specification , " meaning multiple people were killed in a similar fashion , Mason said . He also is charged with abuse of a corpse , kidnapping and tampering with evidence . The indictment also alleges that Sowell assaulted women on December 8 , 2008 , and on September 22 and October 20 of this year . The September and October victims were raped , and the other woman was punched and choked before she escaped , Mason said . Sowell 's charges in the incidents include attempted murder , rape or attempted rape , kidnapping , robbery and felonious assault . Sowell already faced charges in the September 22 rape and has pleaded not guilty . On October 20 , neighbors reported seeing a naked woman fall from the second floor of his house . Firefighters responded and later notified police . But the woman told officers she fell off the roof while she was at the home "  partying , " police said earlier . No charges were filed at the time . Mason said , however , that the 51-year-old woman had been invited to Sowell 's home and left , but was lured back in . After being choked and raped , she attempted to escape out a second-floor window as Sowell tried to pull her back in . When he was unsuccessful , he pushed her out , and she lay unconscious in an alley for a while before he pulled her back in the house . Sowell threatened his victims and warned them not to contact police , Mason said . It 's possible there are other victims , he said , and he urged anyone who has not come forward to do so . Sowell "  knew what he was doing was wrong at the time he was doing it , " Mason said . As of last month , Sowell was on suicide watch at the request of his public defender , Kathleen DeMetz . She had said a psychiatric evaluation of Sowell had been ordered but was unlikely to happen until after an indictment was filed . Cuyahoga County Sheriff Bob Reid said Tuesday that Sowell has been a "  model prisoner , " is kept in an isolated unit and has declined visitation requests . All of the 11 victims were African-American women , authorities have said . Most of them were strangled by ligature -- which could include a string , cord or wire -- and at least one was strangled by hand , officials said . Seven still had ligatures wrapped around their necks . All that has been found of one woman is a skull that was wrapped in a paper bag and stuffed into a bucket in the home 's basement . Sowell served 15 years in prison for a 1989 attempted rape and was released in 2005 . He was required to register as a sex offender . After the 11 victims were found , police in mid-November used thermal imaging in an attempt to see whether any additional human remains were on the property . They dug certain areas by hand . No more were found . Police and the FBI have said they are looking at the unsolved murders of three women in East Cleveland to determine whether there are similarities with the remains found at Sowell 's home . The inquiry continues , Mason said Tuesday . Police in Coronado , California , have said they are attempting to determine whether Sowell is linked to a 1979 rape there . Though the statute of limitations has expired , authorities said they would like to provide closure to the victim . Neighbors and police have said that women were seen at Sowell 's home from time to time and that he would offer them alcohol . Police said he also might have offered them drugs . In the September assault , the 36-year-old woman told police that she encountered Sowell while walking in his neighborhood and he took her back to his home , where he became violent and raped her , according to prosecutors . "  While raping her , he strangled her with a cord until she lost consciousness , " authorities said in a statement . "  When she regained consciousness , he let her out of the house . "	NEW : Indictment includes 11 aggravated murder charges with "  mass murder specification " Police say they found remains of 11 women after woman reported an assault Authorities investigating whether Sowell has connections to crimes in Ohio , California Sowell , registered sex offender , served 15 years in prison for 1989 attempted rape
CNN  -- Champion elect Sebastian Vettel recorded the fastest time in practice Friday for the Japanese Grand Prix during an afternoon session overshadowed by the news of the death of Maria de Villota . Red Bull 's Vettel will win his fourth straight world title Sunday if he wins at Suzuka and nearest rival Fernando Alonso finishes outside the top eight . Vettel showed his car 's pace with a one minute 33.852 clocking in hot conditions , with teammate Mark Webber of Australia second fastest . But the thoughts of the drivers were with De Villota , a reserve driver for Marussia until a horror crash in testing a year ago curtailed her F1 ambitions . Alonso struggled to 10th best after a spin in his Ferrari , but then paid tribute to his fellow Spaniard De Villota . "  I still ca n't believe it and need a while to stop and think about it , " he told the official F1 website . "  Of course , it 's very sad news for the world of motorsport as Maria was loved by everyone . Now , all we can do is pray for her and for her family . " Jenson Button , ninth best for McLaren spoke for many : "  Today 's news about Maria de Villota is horrendous and tragic . "  This is a real shock to the whole Formula One ` family ' and the world of motorsport . My thoughts are with her family at this time . " Vettel , who has won the last four Grand Prix races to open up 77 point lead over Alonso , cautioned against placing too much emphasis on Friday practice . "  It 's good to see we are up there today , but it 's not always so important , " the German said . "  We need to step up our game for tomorrow , as Mercedes will be strong in qualifying . " Nico Rosberg in a Mercedes was the closest challenger to the Red Bulls with the third fastest time with teammate Lewis Hamilton back in sixth . Hamilton had been quickest in morning practice ahead of Rosberg . Separating them in the afternoon were the Lotus duo of Kimi Raikkenen and Romain Grosjean , with the former also ending in the gravel after a spin on Turn 7 of a testing circuit . Saturday will see the third practice session ahead of final qualifying . If results go Vettel 's way , he will emulate the feat of fellow German Michael Schumacher and Argentina legend Juan Manuel Fangio in claiming four straight F1 crowns .	Sebastian Vettel fastest in practice for Japan GP Red Bull driver edges out teammate Mark Webber in Friday 's timesheets Fernando Alonso only 10th for Ferrari in afternoon session Vettel can clinch fourth straight F1 title Sunday
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI is monitoring the case of an Iranian woman sentenced to death by stoning and has not ruled out getting involved through diplomatic channels , the Vatican said Sunday . As he has in the past in humanitarian cases , the pope would intervene if asked by authorities in another country and would do so through proper diplomatic channels , not publicly , Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi said in a statement . "  The Holy See is following the case with attention and participation , " Lombardi said . "  The position of the church , which is opposed to the death penalty , is that stoning is a particularly brutal form . " According to Italy 's official news agency ANSA , the Italian government is leading the case for clemency for the woman , Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani . Ashtiani was sentenced to death by stoning after she was convicted of adultery . Iranian judicial authorities say a final verdict in her case has not yet been made , the semi-official ISNA news agency reported recently . In July , Iran 's judiciary said the case was under review . A large photo of Ashtiani has been hung outside Italy 's Equal Opportunities Ministry to draw attention to her plight , ANSA reported . " ` This unprecedented act aims to mobilize opinion and contribute to saving Sakineh from a brutal , unacceptable sentence , " Foreign Minister Franco Frattini and Equal Opportunities Minister Mara Carfagna said in a joint statement , according to ANSA . Italy 's Foreign Ministry told ANSA that it is pursuing clemency for Ashtiani through diplomatic channels . " The case is being followed closely by the foreign ministry and personally by Foreign Minister Franco Frattini , who has given instructions for close bilateral relations to be maintained with the Iranian authorities so that they consider clemency in this specific case , " a recent ministry statement said . Italy is one of Iran 's most important trade partners in the European Union , with bilateral trade exceeding $ 8 billion in 2009 , according to a report on the website of the Iranian-Italian Chamber of Commerce . Meanwhile , Ashtiani also faces a sentence of 99 lashes because of a photograph in a newspaper , but opponents of the execution say it is a case of mistaken identity . Iranian authorities imposed the sentence after they saw the photo of a woman without a head scarf in the newspaper , said the International Committee Against Stoning , a human rights group . In an apology , The Times of London , which ran the photo on its front page August 28 , said the woman was wrongly identified as Ashtiani . The Times said the photo actually is of Susan Hejrat , a political activist living in Sweden . Iranian law requies all women , regardless of their faith , to wear garments that cover their hair and bodies . According to the Times , one of Ashtiani 's former lawyers , Mohammed Mostafaei , gave the paper the photo . Mostafaei told CNN on Saturday that he still thinks the photo may be of his former client . The Times reported that Mostafaei said Ashtiani 's 22-year-old son had e-mailed the lawyer two photographs three months ago and told him both were of his mother . "  One was the widely used picture of Ms. Ashtiani with her face obscured by a chador -LSB- cloak -RSB- , and the other was the one used by The Times ... That showed the full face of a woman , " The Times said in a statement Friday . Ashtiani 's son , Sajjad Ghaderzadeh , wrote in an open letter that another lawyer sent the newspaper an authentic photo of his mother , but that it did not appear in the Times article . The letter was circulated by the International Committee Against Stoning on Friday . "  We do not know how that picture was originally obtained , nor to whom the picture belongs , " Ghaderzadeh said in the letter . "  My mother has been called in to see the judge in charge of prison misdemeanors and he has sentenced our helpless mother to 99 lashes on false charges of spreading corruption and indecency by disseminating this picture of a woman presumed to be her -LSB- Sakineh -RSB- without hijab , " he wrote . The Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Tehran did not answer a CNN telephone call early Sunday morning . The Committee Against Stoning said Friday "  it is Mr. Mostafaei 's responsibility to provide an explanation as to why he has disseminated -LSB- a -RSB- counterfeit photo and information regarding Sakineh 's case ; his action has only led to increased pressure on Sakineh and her family . " "  We strongly condemn this barbaric new sentence of 99 lashes imposed by the Islamic Republic against Sakineh and we demand that this sentence be abandoned immediately , " the committee said . Mostafaei told CNN that Ghaderzadeh three months ago gave him two photos -- one of Ashtiani wearing a hijab  covering  and one without it . The lawyer said he immediately released the photo of Ashtiani wearing the chador and sent the Times the photo of her without the hijab more recently . Asked about whether the photo printed by the Times is of Ashtiani , Mostafaei said , "  In my opinion it is Ms. Ashtiani . It was given to me by her own son . If it is not indeed her , it looked just like her . She was wearing religious clothes in the photo . She had the same face , same everything . " Ashtiani , who is being held in Tabriz , Iran , no longer has visitation rights , the family told CNN . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report	NEW : Italy is leading the case for clemency for the woman , news agency reports Pope Benedict XVI is closely monitoring the case , the Vatican said Sunday The pope would intervene through diplomatic channels and not publicly , the Vatican said The woman was convicted of adultery but Iran says a final verdict has not been reached
CNN  -- Two Australian Olympic swimmers who posted pictures on Facebook of themselves brandishing weapons have been ordered to take them down by the country 's swimming authorities . The image , taken in a gun shop in Santa Clara , California , showed Nick D'Arcy with two pistols standing next to Kenrick Monk who is holding two shotguns across his chest , according to a Friday report in Australia 's Herald Sun . The swimmers were training in the U.S. ahead of the Olympic Games in London later this year . Swimming Australia said in a statement that it does not condone "  the posting of inappropriate content on Facebook , Twitter or any social media platform . " As of Friday morning , neither of the swimmers ' Facebook pages or Twitter accounts contained the photo . "  It was all just meant to be a bit of fun , the photos were just a bit of fun , " D'Arcy told local media after returning to Australia . "  If anyone 's been offended I deeply apologize . It was never the intent ; it was never supposed to be offensive . " Dozens of fans have posted on Monk 's public Facebook page saying they support the athletes and that Swimming Australia had blown the photo out of proportion . Swimming Australia said they will be speaking with both athletes regarding the incident . While the pair faces possible Olympic sanctions , D'Arcy has been embroiled in controversy in the past . In 2008 , he was dropped from the Beijing Olympic team following an assault charge for hitting teammate Simon Cowley and breaking his jaw , the Australian Daily Telegraph reported at the time . Both swimmers were named in Australia 's team in March .	Two Australian Olympic swimmers ordered to take down controversial gun photo from Facebook Photo shows Nick D'Arcy and Kenrick Monk each holding two guns in a U.S. gun shop Swimming Australia said it does not condone the posting of inappropriate photos online
CNN  -- Tiger Woods and Lindsey Vonn released news of their relationship to limit paparazzi intrusion on their romance , the world 's No. 2 golfer said Wednesday . The 14-time major champion is preparing for the Arnold Palmer Invitational tournament in Florida , where a win would see him reclaim the number one ranking for the first time in over two years . Woods and Vonn -- a four time Alpine World Cup skiing champion -- released statements and a series of pictures confirming their relationship on Monday . And the 37-year-old told a press conference at the Bay Hill course they had put out the snaps to prevent any invasion into their lives from photographers that he referred to as the "  stalkerazzi . " Perfect match : When athletes date "  It 's very simple , we 're very happy where we are at but also we wanted to limit the stalkerazzi and all those sleazy websites out there following us , " he told reporters . "  I 've had situations where it 's been very dangerous for my kids , the extent that they 'll go to . We basically devalued the first photos . "  Unfortunately that 's just the way it is in our society right now and we felt it was the best thing to do and we 're very happy about it . " The pair 's relationship has been big news since Monday 's confirmation but Woods is now focused on trying to wrest golf 's world No. 1 crown back from friend , rival and Nike stablemate Rory McIlroy . It would mark a significant transformation for Woods , whose stuttering form in recent years saw his ranking slump past the 50 mark at one point . But after victory at the Cadillac Championship in Doral last week -- his 17th World Golf Championship title -- Woods can now reach golf 's pinnacle if he can secure his 77th PGA Tour triumph . "  I feel like I 'm headed in the right direction , " he said . "  I 'm very pleased where I 've come from . Like I said , 50‑plus to where I 'm at is no small task . "  I 'd like to get to 19-plus  majors  myself . Getting back to number one and all that it entails , it 's not easy to get there in the first place . I do n't think people realize how hard it is to get to number one in the world . "  It 's been a long process . I was hurt for a long time , I had to make swing changes that were drastically different than what I was doing before . It 's taken some time . " Woods is defending champion at Bay Hill , beating 2010 U.S. Open champion Graeme Dowell by five shots last year to secure his first tournament win since 2009 . He has won four more times in the last 12 months and he puts a large slice of his resurgence down to the fact that he has remained injury free during that period . "  I just needed to get healthy , " he added . "  Once I got healthy and I was able to practice properly , I felt like then I could implement the swing changes that  coach  Sean  Foley  wanted me to put in there . "  But I needed to get healthy enough where I could practice . It happened to be a perfect storm where I was making a swing change , and I was hurt , and I could n't devote any time to it . "  To gradually work my way back , that 's something I 'm proud of . " Woods ' game attracted praise from Palmer himself , who won seven major titles during a glittering career that has seen him regarded as one of the finest to play the game . "  I think right now looking at him and watching him play , he looks probably as strong and as good from a golf perspective as I 've ever seen him , " the 83-year-old told reporters . "  I think his swing and his posture and his attitude is far better than it 's been in some time , and it takes me back to when I first played with him at Augusta when he was a rookie . "  I give him a chance . I suppose that every year it 's a little more fleeting , however , and he 'll have to really work hard to keep himself up and keep his mental attitude if he 's going to do it . "	Tiger Woods says he revealed romance with Lindsey Vonn to limit paparazzi focus World 's No. 2 golfer and former skiing world champion confirmed their relationship Monday Woods aiming to reclaim world No. 1 ranking with victory at Arnold Palmer Invitational The 37-year-old says he is proud of the way he fought back towards top ranking
PARIS , France  CNN  -- No one was expecting it , but there it was . The "  f " word so rarely uttered in the world of high fashion had just slipped through the lips of one of the world 's most stylish women . Carine Roitfeld wears a pink goat-hair coat to the William Rast Fall 2009 show during New York fashion week . "  I think we need to become more frugal , " says Carine Roitfeld , editor in chief of Vogue Paris . "  Not on quality , " she hastens to add , "  just on organization . " The fashionista 's favorite fashion editor is sitting on a leather chair in her sparse white office . The shelves are all but empty . There 's no in-tray on her desk and certainly no computer . "  They 're not my specialty , " she shrugs . An orange blossom candle twinkles in its glass casing and pictures stand -- some still in their wrapping -- against the wall . She 's been in this office for eight years but it looks like she moved in last week . She has n't even had time to hang her pictures , and it 's not hard to see why . Every month , Roitfeld and her small team pull together what is considered to be the world 's most fashion-forward magazine . Watch Carine Roitfeld Revealed " Vogue Paris may have a fraction of the circulation of its American stable mate -- 139,000 versus 1.3 million -- but what it lacks in numbers it makes up in prestige . Still , Roitfeld recognizes that even the upper end of the magazine market is not immune to the deepest global recession in decades . She 's prepared to make cuts . And rather than begrudgingly canceling a coffee order or two , she 's almost relishing a return to the pre-boom days when challenges were overcome with creativity rather than cash . "  It 's become ridiculous , " she tells CNN , explaining that where once eight people may have gathered around a table to discuss a photo shoot , now there are 25 . "  Some things got too far away . There were people who were flying private jets -- we need to go back to reality . "  I do n't want to take the money out of the beauty of the picture , I do n't want to change the paper of the magazine , I do n't want to change the materials , but we can do it another way . " "  When it 's more difficult you have to be more creative . " CNN 's Revealed joined Roitfeld and five members of her team as they gathered round a glass table to choose the cover of the April edition of French Vogue . It does n't happen often -- usually the cover is a fait accompli -- but this time U.S. actress Scarlett Johansson has confused the issue by unexpectedly dying her hair . "  This cover , it was very difficult , " Carine explains , "  because we want people to recognize Scarlett and then she changed her hair color . " Three mock-ups lie on the table ; different fonts , colors and wording cover Johansson 's lascivious poses . It 's clear which one Carine prefers and , rather predictably , it 's her choice that will hit news stands this week . "  I think this is a Vogue image and I want to stick to being Vogue , " she says of her decision . "  The cover is like the publicity for your magazine . It 's very important . We need the more appealing one , the more visible one . " Carine Roitfeld was a highly respected and well-connected fashion stylist with no experience in magazine editing when she took the job as editor-in-chief at Vogue Paris in early 2001 . See photos from Carine 's personal album " She was already an old friend of renowned photographer Mario Testino ; they met 25 years ago when both were yet to make their names . He 's now Godfather to her two children , Vladimir and Julia , who are 28 and 27 respectively , and who both now live in New York . Roitfeld and Testino later teamed up with U.S. designer Tom Ford during his first years as creative director at Gucci to reinvigorate the brand with an innovative advertising campaign . Roitfeld was approached by Jonathan Newhouse , chairman of Conde Nast International to take the role at French Vogue . During her time there , advertising revenue has increased almost 10 percent and circulation is up 27 percent . "  It is probably a ` Carine effect ' , " concludes Xavier Romatet , the president of Conde Nast Publications , which owns Vogue magazine . "  Carine 's probably the most creative person I 've met in my life , " he told CNN , describing her as a savvy business woman with a finely-tuned intuition as to what her readers want . Roitfeld scoffs at suggestions that she has an acute business mind , saying , "  I think I 'm a terrible business woman . " Still , what she 's doing at French Vogue is obviously working and despite persistent rumors that she may soon announce her departure , she insists she has no plans , as yet , to leave . "  I 'm very happy here , " she tells CNN before adding cryptically , "  but I 'm sure something new is going to happen in the next year . " Many in the industry have tipped Roitfeld to replace Anna Wintour in New York , should the esteemed editor of American Vogue choose to retire . Read more about Roitfeld 's views on the New York job Roitfeld says she has n't been approached about the job , and if she were , she probably would n't take it . "  Of course you 'd be proud to be offered a job at this Vogue , because it 's the biggest Vogue . "  But I 'm not sure I 'd be happy to work at the biggest Vogue . It 's too big ; you have to talk to too many different people . I 'm very happy at French Vogue to be able to do everything -- almost everything -- I want to do in the magazine . "  Anyway my husband does n't want to go , " she adds later with a smile . Roitfeld is anxious not to feed any speculation of a competitive rift between her and Wintour , referring to her U.S. counterpart as the "  First Lady " of fashion . "  Anna does a great job ... I respect her a lot , " Roitfeld says .	As editor in chief of Vogue Paris , Carine Roitfeld sets the benchmark for style She told CNN the industry needs to become more frugal during the recession Originally a fashion stylist , Roitfeld is admired for her creativity and originality She refutes rumors that she 's poised to replace Anna Wintour at U.S. Vogue
EW.com  -- Zooey Deschanel is bringing her quirky style to a Macy 's near you . The "  New Girl " star has partnered with Tommy Hilfiger to create a 16-piece clothing collection called "  To Tommy , From Zooey , " which is scheduled to arrive in stores this spring . Items like coats and peek-a-boo print dresses will be priced between $ 98 and $ 199 . Several pieces combine '60s mod silhouettes with color-blocking and nautical accents , a look the actress describes as "  Modical . " According to a release from Hilfiger 's press team , the line "  captures the buoyant attitude of the sixties , the decade in which Hilfiger made his fashion debut and from which Deschanel borrows her doe-eyed look . " "  Working with Tommy on this capsule collection has been really amazing , " Deschanel said . "  I am a fashion fanatic and I am always looking for new ways to incorporate vintage , feminine pieces into my own wardrobe . Tommy and I share many of the same inspirations â $ " old school music , classic films and old Hollywood icons â $ " and his guidance during the design process helped to put a really unique twist on each piece . " "  Each piece is original and fun , " added Hilfiger . "  The collection is the perfect fusion of Zooey 's adventurous style and the classic , cool , American spirit at the heart of the Tommy Hilfiger brand . " The "  To Tommy , From Zooey " line will be sold in over 200 Macy 's stores and Tommy Hilfiger outposts in North America , Europe , Mexico and Japan starting April 14th .  A selection of handbags and jewelry will follow later in the month .  The actress will promote the collection by appearing at events in New York , Los Angeles , and Mexico and will also appear in an ad campaign shot by photographer Carter Smith . Tell us : Would you wear clothes designed by Zooey Deschanel ? See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Deschanel will have a 16-piece clothing collection called "  To Tommy , From Zooey " There will be items like coats and peek-a-boo print dresses Each piece is original and fun , " says Hilfiger
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  Italy has David , Paris has the Mona Lisa and now , Atlanta has the Firebird I XP-21 . Do n't laugh gallery snobs and car-haters : The automobile has vaulted from the streets to the lofty art world . Even if automobiles are n't your thing , the Firebird 's bizarre wings and bubble cockpit are worth a peek . It 's among 17 "  concept cars " on exhibit at Atlanta , Georgia 's High Museum of Art . Many of these are one-of-a-kind . When you first walk into the exhibit , it 's clear these cars are n't designed for mere mortals . Every car has a price , and these are worth millions . But in reality , the unique nature of this collection makes them priceless in a growing market . Collectible car sales last year in the U.S. topped $ 1 billion . Money aside , this exhibit really exemplifies America 's long and fiery hot love affair with cars . These rolling masterpieces were never intended to be mass produced . They were meant to be romanced , idolized , even worshipped . Concept cars are marketing tools designed to trigger buzz and spur sales . You can be sure the Da Vinci of General Motors -- legendary designer Harley Earl -- put just as much imagination into his jet-plane-looking Firebird as old Leonardo did with that smirking Mona . "  These have got to be some of the world 's craziest , beautiful cars , " a visitor says to me with a grin as big as the grill-work on a stunning '51 GM LeSabre XP-8 sitting a few feet away . Beautiful , yes . Crazy ? VERY . A few examples : -- Not a clown car : The 1970 Lancia Stratos HF Zero measures only 33 inches from its rooftop to the floor . -- Electric Egg : A tiny electric-powered , plastic , bubble-on-wheels was created in Nazi-occupied Paris in 1942 . -- Fabric exterior : A 2001 BMW Gina wrinkles when you open its doors . See photos of these sweet cars Parked against a wall in another exhibit room sits a green replica 1935 Bugatti Type 57S . Steampunk fans will dig this elegant machine . It looks like something out of Disney 's "  20,000 Leagues Under the Sea . " "  You can fetishize just about any detail on the Bugatti you like , from the grill to every bolt , " a man standing nearby says to me . This guy gets it ! We 're like kids in a candy store -- but nobody 's letting us have any candy . Instead we 're hypnotized by the cars and their dramatic , sweeping lines and their chrome-spangled cockpits . Related : Gorgeous art cars auctioned Days of future past These vehicles were designed to look like the future . Take for example the '59 Cadillac Cyclone XP-74 . It stops you cold . The thing looks like a silver rocket from a 1950s B movie . And it has futuristic safety features too . A radar-based anti-collision system is tucked inside the Caddy 's cone-shaped so-called "  dagmar " headlights . Two of the exhibit 's creators -- Ken Gross and Sarah Schleuning -- showed me around a little . "  In the past , the future was really cool , " joked Gross , who 's also been Playboy Magazine 's car writer for more than 25 years . Gross , the exhibit 's consulting curator , says these vehicles were imagined and built by designers with one goal : to get attention . Harley Earl 's been dead for 45 years and and he 's still turning heads . That 's called being way ahead of your time . As Gross puts it : "  Car designers are the rock stars of the automobile industry and they always have been . " When it came to car design , Earl pushed the industry to put style as a top priority , says Schleuning , the museum 's curator of decorative arts and design . "  It was n't just about the cars ' technological marvels , but also about their aesthetic appeal . " Related : Teeny cars worth big bucks The rolling rocket The rule breaker -- the bad boy of this bunch -- Gross says , is the Firebird . This rolling rocket gets its own chamber in the exhibit . And it 's no wonder . -- It 's the first two-section gas turbine powered car to be built and tested in the U.S. -- It 's one of the first cars with four-wheel disc brakes . -- Its body is made mostly of expensive and super strong titanium . In 1954 GM toted the Firebird around the country as part of a traveling car show called the Motorama . The car "  was so fast they only had one or two engineers who drove it at the proving grounds , " Gross says . "  They used Mauri Rose , who was an Indy 500 winner , to test it -- and even he never took it to its full potential . " It 's been suggested that America 's century-long obsession with driving may die with the aging Baby Boomer generation . Some experts say that Millennials now in their 20s and 30s have little interest in owning cars , although sales among that group shot up in 2012 . Are we falling out of love with our cars ? The Atlanta museum is by no means the first to celebrate automobile design . Back in 1951 , New York 's Museum of Modern Art opened an exhibit featuring eight cars described as elegant and exotic . More recently , Gross says , the idea has become a national trend , taking hold in places like Nashville , Tennessee , and Raleigh , North Carolina . Maybe increased interest within America 's art community will stoke the fire , and keep the romance burning a little longer .	Art exhibit celebrates car designers , the auto industry 's "  rock stars " Concept cars on display include Bugatti , Chrysler , Buick , BMW , Cadillac Experts wonder if America 's love affair with its car culture is fading Bizarre cars range from fighter-jet-on-wheels to tiny electric bubble car
CNN  -- The latest round of Champions League matches finds a string of top European managers on the verge of being dumped out of the competition - a failure that could cost them their job . Bayern Munich boss Louis Van Gaal and Rafael Benitez at Liverpool are staring an early exit in the face after a disastrous run of results , while Manuel Pellegrini at Real Madrid and even Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho are in danger of crashing out of the money-spinning tournament at the first hurdle . So how do coaches cope with the unique pressure that comes with a high-profile job in football , and are the skills needed to be successful in soccer applicable to other areas ? Andy Barton , a mental performance consultant at The Sporting Mind clinic , says the first , and fundamental , characteristic all proficient gaffers need is self belief . "  All the top managers have different styles but the common denominator is the confidence they have in themselves , " he said . "  You need a true understanding of the game but also people . You need an ability to motivate players to get them geed up just to the right level , you need to know that certain people need a certain kind of attention . " The skill-set top level coaches display can be adapted to almost any workplace , Barton claims . "  In business , you need to be able to man-manage and inspire people , set goals for them , help them overcome obstacles , give them self-belief and to give them a kick up the backside when they need it . There are a lot of parallels between high-level sports coaching and people who are successful in a business environment . " Barton says the beautiful game has recently woken up to the benefit that sports psychology can offer , and the key to success is to keep things simple . "  You have to concentrate on the moment , one game at a time or one half at a time . If a coach is thinking two games ahead or about the consequences of winning or losing he 's not going to be effective . If coaches ca n't get themselves in the right frame of mind they 're not going be able to do it to their players . " The mind games between coaches can be fascinating viewing for fans , but Barton says the verbal volleys are becoming an increasingly important part of the game . He points to Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez and his infamous rant about Alex Ferguson , the manager of rival side Manchester United . Benitez convened a press conference where he criticized Ferguson 's supposed "  arrogance " in wanting match-scheduling and refereeing to suit his team in England . "  When Benitez attacked Ferguson it bounced off as if nothing happened and had a really detrimental effect on Benitez . He appeared agitated , frustrated and stressed . Ferguson just swatted him away as if he was an annoying fly . That suggests Ferguson feels far more in control and that 's going to ripple down to his players - they feel more confidence because their coach seems the more dominant of the two . " Barton also stresses the importance of touchline body language as a measure of control for managers , and the trust they must have in their players to carry out their demands to the letter . "  Players do respond to body language , " he added . "  Jose Mourinho has very positive body language , even when he was sitting back with his arms round the back of the chairs . It 's something that says to the players "  I 'm in control . " "  But trust is very important too . If you do n't trust your players you 're probably not going to get that much out of them anyway , so you do have to get to that level where you can let them get on with it . " Andy Barton is a mental performance consultant at The Sporting Mind clinic .	Sports psychologist Andy Barton says self-belief is key for any manager Alex Ferguson is a master of the mind game , according to Barton It is vital under-fire managers take one game at a time , he says Inter boss Jose Mourinho provides a great example of positive body language
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A rare Lincoln manuscript sold for $ 3.4 million on Thursday at Sotheby 's auction house . The 1864 letter in which Abraham Lincoln replies to the abolitionist pleas of 195 young boys and girls was bought by a private American collector over the phone . The sale of the letter , from the Dr. Robert Small Trust , set a record for a Lincoln manuscript , a presidential manuscript and any American manuscript ever auctioned , Sotheby 's spokeswoman Susan Ollinick said . The "  Little People 's Petition " had asked Lincoln "  to free all the little slave children of this country . " Lincoln wrote , "  Please tell these little people I am very glad their young hearts are so full of just and generous sympathy and that , while I have not the power to grant all they ask , I trust they will remember that God has , and that , as it seems , He wills to do it . " Although Lincoln 's Emancipation Proclamation had declared freedom for all slaves held in areas "  in rebellion " against the United States as of January 1 , 1863 , full abolition of slavery was not accomplished until adoption of the 13th Amendment to the Constitution late in 1865 . The letter had been expected to sell for $ 3 million to $ 5 million . About 20 Lincoln documents were among the 111 items for sale from the Small Trust . Also included were other documents from U.S. presidents , including pages from George Washington 's diary and correspondence from Thomas Jefferson and John Adams ; a rare document signed by both Meriwether Lewis and William Clark ; about 10 documents from Robert E. Lee ; and documents from John Brown , Samuel Clemens , Orville Wright and others . E-mail to a friend	Letter is president 's reply to children asking him to free slaves It was expected to sell for $ 3 million to $ 5 million Private American collector purchased letter over the phone
New York  CNN  -- Backstage at the Michael Kors show , a strange air of calm hangs over the make-up area . Although security is predictably tight , there is no screaming or high drama . It 's 7.30 a.m. , hours before the show , and the machine is just beginning to mobilize . Liu Wen is an early arrival , quietly sitting in a chair listening to her iPod as a make-up artist begins to apply foundation . Her cup of coffee and bottle of green tea reveal that even the women dubbed "  China 's first supermodel " finds early starts challenging . But there is no trace of fatigue : Her face looks flawless with little make up , and her skin luminous . "  Today I have five shows , so we 'll be running around . " she says smiling . "  Yesterday I was really happy because my agent sent me the schedule . I was so excited . I still love it because I love walking the runway . " At the age of 23 , Liu has worked for most of the world 's prestigious fashion houses , and recently ascended into the top tier of models who are recognizable enough to command major fees . She has also broken molds , becoming the first Asian model named as a global spokesperson for Estee Lauder . With some two million followers on a Mandarin-language version of Twitter , her ability to sell products to the prized Chinese consumer is obvious . "  When we met her in person , we were so impressed with her warmth , beauty and enthusiasm , " says Aerin Lauder , the firm 's Style and Image Director . "  It 's amazing to see how consumers respond to Liu Wen -- she has so many fans , not only in China , but around the world as well . " Some of those fans gathered for an Estee Lauder event at the start of New York Fashion week , where CNN first met her . Amid the flashbulbs and relentless dance music , Wen cheerfully signed autographs and posed for photos , seemingly enjoying the spectacle . A few days later , CNN caught up with her as she shuttled between assignments in a chauffeured people carrier . She emerged fresh from a Rodarte show , wearing the kind of intense eye shadow that would stop a polar bear in its tracks . "  Yesterday I had a fitting that was very late , " she explains . "  So I went back home at almost one o'clock . And this morning I woke up late ... my call time was seven but I woke up at 7:30 . Just brushed my teeth before rush rush rush . So I did n't pick up my make up remover . " For a public figure whose image is key , Liu remains surprisingly open and accessible . She laughs frequently , is impeccably polite and even offers to help us with our camera equipment as we arrive at her agency . While the image of a five-foot-ten supermodel carrying a tripod is almost irresistible , CNN declines . At the stylish Manhattan offices of Marilyn Agency , Wen catches up with staff and removes her war paint . The agency has managed her since she arrived in New York and is focused on maintaining relations with top-end brands , while exploiting opportunities with appropriate Chinese firms . "  She has already achieved historic success as a model , " says agency president Chris Gay . "  China 's influence in the fashion world will be tremendous both from a stand point of every Western fashion brand wanting to establish their presence there , as well as Chinese brands , designers , and models having more of a global impact . " Wen was brought up in Hunan Province and began her modeling career in 2005 after entering a competition , which promised a computer as first prize . "  I was a very young girl , I think I was 18 , " she recalls . "  I just wanted to win the computer . Before I did n't really understand what modeling was because I grew up in a very small town , no fashion . " Soon , she moved to Beijing , abandoning her plans to work as a tour guide . Photo shoots followed , which led to a trip to Milan in 2008 , where she was cast for her first runway show for UK fashion label Burberry . "  I did n't understand anything because I could n't understand English . I just listened to the music and followed my feelings . " Despite the genuinely long days of fashion weeks , her drive is evident . Wen power naps in the car between appointments , but approaches each casting and show with enthusiasm . The one moment of disappointment we witnessed was in a restaurant when her agent suggested she avoided spicy chicken noodles for lunch . She greeted the news stoically and ordered regular chicken noodle soup , which she ate up . Quieter moments like these are fleeting during the whirl of the fashion weeks and soon Liu returns to the drumbeat of shows and fittings which go on all afternoon and into the evening . At Michael Kors the following day , CNN leaves her backstage , heading through the main entrance to film the show . CNN had spent days navigating the complex hierarchy of New York Fashion Week 's accreditation and guest lists , often being excluded from both in this rarefied world . But this time , CNN was appraised by a headset-wearing , clipboard-wielding PR , who muttered to security : "  These guys are okay . " It was the most ringing endorsement of our lives . CNN took our place in "  The Pit , " ahead of the deluge of other crews and watched as the room began to fill with socialites , industry movers and shakers and celebrities , like Michael Douglas . Eventually the hum of low-level gossiping died down , guests took their seats and the runway 's cover was elegantly peeled away . The collection had a vague safari theme and Liu Wen appeared , transformed again , pounding down the catwalk with a steely faraway glare . In a few months , Liu will unveil her own line of clothes in collaboration with a Chinese company and her agency is expecting film offers . But she dismisses the idea of herself as an ambassador for China and any accompanying pressure . "  It has been an honor to represent my country as a model , but I do n't think I 've ever thought of myself as an ambassador , just someone trying to do her job as best as she can -- so there is n't that much pressure at all ! If what I 've done so far can inspire others in China , then of course it is a great thing . "	Liu Wen is regarded by many in the fashion world as China 's first supermodel At the age of 23 , she has already worked for most of the world 's major fashion houses Wen is also the first Asian model to be named as a spokesperson for Estee Lauder China is expected to become a major market for global fashion brands in years to come
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A court in Pakistan reissued an arrest warrant Saturday for former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf in connection with the assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , a public prosecutor told CNN . Prosecutors claim that an investigation shows Musharraf was responsible for not providing adequate protection for Bhutto and has not responded to a prosecutor 's request to answer questions , prompting the court-ordered arrest warrant . Authorities were unable to serve an arrest warrant issued last week because Musharraf is not in Pakistan , prosecutor Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali told CNN . Ali said the court ordered authorities to serve the new warrant at all of Musharraf 's residences , including those abroad . Musharraf is currently living in self-imposed exile in London . Ali said the court was adjourned until March 5 . Bhutto , who spent many years in exile , was assassinated in 2007 as she campaigned against Musharraf for the presidency . Some have accused Musharraf of being involved in the assassination , but Musharraf denies any involvement . Late last year , Pakistani authorities arrested two police officials in the case . A United Nations panel looking into Bhutto 's assassination concluded that Pakistan 's former military-led government failed to adequately protect her and that intelligence agencies hindered the subsequent investigation . The panel 's scathing report in April 2010 said the suicide bombing that killed Bhutto "  could have been prevented " and that police deliberately failed to pursue an effective investigation into the killings . But Musharraf 's government has said Bhutto had been afforded adequate protection . Musharraf 's legal adviser told CNN that Musharraf has not appeared before the court because the accusations against him are baseless and politically motivated . "  This is political victimization against Musharraf , " Muhammad Ali Saif said . "  Musharraf was never contacted by investigators to get his version of the assassination . " Musharraf went to London after resigning in 2008 . He decided to start a political party last year and make a comeback . He has said he wants to return for a presidential run in 2013 because he sees suffering in Pakistan and does n't see a political party offering a solution . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Prosecutors say Pervez Musharraf did n't adequately protect Benazir Bhutto , assassinated in 2007 Musharraf 's legal adviser says the accusations are politically motivated Musharraf has said he wants to make a presidential run in 2013 He is in self-imposed exile in London
The U.K. marine insurer the Standard Club has stopped coverage for Russian operator Femco 's cargo ship , MV Alaed , amid allegations it is carrying weapons to Syria . Syria exposes cool spots in U.S.-Russia ties "  We were made aware of the allegations that the Alaed was carrying munitions destined for Syria and have already informed the ship owner that their insurance cover ceased automatically in view of the nature of the voyage , " the company told CNN on Monday . The vessel is currently off the north coast of Scotland , according to ship-tracking data . U.S. officials have claimed the ship is heading for Syria with attack helicopters and munitions for the al-Assad regime from the port of Kaliningrad . U.S. believes Russia has ships with weapons , troops en route to Syria The withdrawal of coverage applies to the whole Femco fleet of eight vessels entered with the company , according to officials at Standard Club in London . The Alaed was proceeding southwest at a speed of 12 knots and was some 40 miles off the Scottish port of Thurso at 9 a.m. ET Monday . The data showed that it left Kaliningrad 10 days ago with a final destination of Vladivostok on July 24 . On Friday , U.S. officials said they were tracking a Russian military cargo ship , the Nikolay Filchenov , also believed bound for Syria . U.S. intelligence believes the Russians are sending the ship to help fortify its naval base in Syria as the situation in country continues to spiral out of control , Pentagon officials told CNN Friday . RIA Novosti , Russia 's state-run news agency , denied the report Monday , citing a source in the Black Sea Fleet who said the Nikolay Filchenov remained docked at its base in Sevastopol . Russia : No new choppers for Syria	U.S. officials believe the ship is carrying weapons to Syria The vessel is currently off the north coast of Scotland , tracking data shows U.S. officials are also tracking a Russian military cargo ship , also believed en route to Syria
CNN  -- A U.S. serviceman was among six victims of an early morning shooting at a Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , strip club Wednesday , officials said . Unidentified gunmen entered the Amadeus club in the border city across from El Paso , Texas , just after midnight and fatally shot six men , Chihuahua state attorney general 's office spokesman Arturo Sandoval said . An additional person was injured , he said . Two of the victims were identified as employees of the strip club , a waiter and a security guard , the spokesman said . Another was identified as an American citizen and member of the U.S. Air Force , Sandoval said . A statement from Holloman Air Force Base , near Alamogordo , New Mexico , confirmed that the airman was based there , and identified him as Staff Sgt. David Booher , 26 . The gunmen appeared to have targeted the victims , Sandoval said . "  Everything indicates that these people were looking for these men , " he said . Investigators recovered more than 30 shells from the scene . Because of drug-related violence , particularly in border cities , Juarez is considered off-limits for the U.S. military . At Fort Bliss in El Paso , for instance , a memorandum prohibits its soldiers from traveling into the Mexican state of Chihuahua , where Ciudad Juarez is located . More than 2,000 killings have been recorded in Juarez this year . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas-Nazario , Mike Mount , Dave Alsup and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Air Force Staff Sgt. David Booher shot with 5 others in Ciudad Juarez Gunmen appeared to have targeted the victims , Mexican spokesman says Juarez is considered off-limits for the U.S. military because of drug violence
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Authorities declined to file criminal charges Wednesday against a fifth-grade student for the death of 10-year-old Joanna Ramos , who suffered fatal blunt force head trauma after a fistfight in February . "  This case was a fight between two children that ended with unintended and tragic results , " according to a statement by Long Beach Police . Joanna , a fifth-grader at Willard Elementary School , died six hours after an altercation with an unidentified 11-year-old female classmate , said Sgt. Rico Fernandez , a Long Beach Police spokesman . Authorities had ruled her death a homicide . "  Detectives presented all of the facts and evidence of the investigation to The Los Angeles District Attorney 's office for review , " the statement read . "  They determined that they would not file any charges in the case . " Long Beach authorities declined further comment about the case . In February , police said , Joanna and her classmate had challenged each other to a planned fight when their school session ended . "  The two girls met in a nearby alley next to a church and began hitting each other , " Fernandez said . The fight lasted less than a minute , and no weapons were involved , he said . CNN affiliate KABC reported that friends of Joanna 's believed the fight occurred over a boy . According to Long Beach Unified School District spokesman Chris Eftychiou , Joanna finished her regular school session at 2:12 p.m. on February 24 and was supposed to remain on campus to begin her scheduled after-school program at 2:30 . "  We believe the altercation occurred during that 15-minute window because she apparently left and returned for the after-school session , which involves help with homework and academic-related activity , " Eftychiou said . After the fight , the girls went their separate ways , he said . Joanna stayed in the afternoon session for about an hour but did not exhibit obvious signs of physical trauma , Eftychiou said . "  When she did complain of not feeling well , her cousin picked her up , but we had no indication she was involved in an altercation , " he said . "  Only when she was at the hospital did we get word about the altercation . " Joanna had been enrolled at the school for about a year and a half , Eftychiou said . Los Angeles district attorney spokeswoman Sandi Gibbons confirmed the findings issued by the Long Beach Police Department but declined further comment because the case involved minors . "  The Long Beach Police Department hopes that its conclusion brings some peace to both families involved , as well as the community , " the statement said .	Joanna Ramos suffered head injury during a fight in February , then died Los Angeles District Attorney 's Office declines to file charges Police say Joanna and a classmate had challenged each other to an after-school fight Fight lasted less than a minute , and no weapons were involved , police say
CNN  -- Saturday , January 25 , the last day of this year 's Davos gathering , will bring plenty of inspiration to draw upon in the year to come . We 'll be watching these guests : At 0915CET/0315ET , Huffington Post 's editor Arianna Huffington asks Paul Bulcke , the CEO Nestle , Joseph Jimenez , the CEO of Novartis , the director of American National Institutes of Health Francis S. Collins and the Colombian Finance Minister Mauricio Cardenas for their opinion on public health and its role in development and growth . Focus will turn to European banking at 1230CET/0630ET with German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schauble , EU 's Economic commissioner Olli Rehn , and Jeroen Dijsselbloem , the President of the Euro Group discussing how should Europe 's banking system be reformed . One of the highlights of this year 's Davos , a discussion on Global Economic Outlook 2014 , starts at 1400CET/0800ET . With central bankers Mark J. Carney  UK  , Haruhiko Kuroda  Japan  and Mario Draghi  ECB  , IMF 's chief Christine Lagarde and German finance minister Wolfgang Schauble discussing what should be at the top of the agenda for the global economy in the year ahead , this is a must-see event . Christine Lagarde will stay on at 1530CET/0930ET to talk about women and their role in inclusive growth . She 'll be joined by Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka , the Executive Director of UN Women and Sheryl Sandberg , the COO of Facebook . In the grand finale , The Global Agenda discussion starts at 1645CET/1045ET . Featuring Rockefeller Foundation President Judith Rodin , Yahoo 's Marissa Mayer , and CEOs of some of the biggest companies in the world , this debate will look the emerging issues of 2014 , and their implications for the global economy and their industries . The World Economic Forum meeting then draws to a close at 1745CET/1145ET with a multimedia performance , chaired by WEF founder by Klaus Schwab , who 'll be joined by Jim Wallis , the president of Sojourners and cellist and composer , Zoe Keating .	Saturday features Christine Lagarde , Sheryl Sandberg and Mario Draghi Highlights include discussion on the future of European banking and a look-ahead at the 2014 global agenda
CNN  -- China launched a second satellite for the Venezuelan government Saturday , state media reported , days before President Hugo Chavez runs for re-election . The observation satellite named Miranda launched from the northwestern Chinese province of Gansu . It is Venezuela 's second satellite in orbit , according to the Venezuela State News Agency , AVN . The first one -- a telecommunications satellite -- was launched by China in 2008 . It is named after Venezuelan independence hero , Simon Bolivar , the news agency said . President Hugo Chavez , along with cabinet members and the Chinese ambassador to Venezuela , watched the latest launch from his palace in Caracas . Hours before it launched , Chavez showed up at a plaza in the heart of the capital , surprising a crowd gathered to watch the satellite on giant public screens . "  We are watching history , the rebirth of history , " the president said . The Venezuelan leader said the satellite "  is part of the scientific and technological development " of the nation . It will fly over Venezuela three times a day and take 350 high resolution images daily using four cameras , according to the news agency . Venezuela will use it to monitor the country , urban planning , military operations , and to combat illegal mining and illegal crops , according to the news agency . Miranda -- named after independence leader Francisco de Miranda -- was launched days before presidential elections set for October 7 . Campaigns between the president and his opponent , former governor Henrique Capriles , have heated up in the final stretch .	The observation satellite launches from northwestern China State media : It is Venezuela 's second satellite in orbit The first one , named after independence leader Simon Bolivar , was launched by China in 2008
Brian Banks was on "  Cloud 10 " Friday , the first full day of the rest of his life , after he was exonerated of a rape he did not commit . "  Today , it started to sink in a little more , " Banks told CNN 's Ashleigh Banfield . "  I am overwhelmed . I feel great . " At age 17 , fearing a potentially long sentence , the college football prospect followed the advice of his attorney and pleaded no contest to assaulting a Long Beach , California , high school classmate in 2002 . Banks maintained his innocence throughout nearly six years of imprisonment , subsequent probation and registration as a sex offender . The case took an incredible twist when the alleged victim sent a Facebook friend request to Banks in early 2011 . According to the California Innocence Project , the woman later admitted that Banks had not kidnapped or raped her during a consensual encounter at Long Beach Polytechnic High School , where Banks was a middle linebacker with a scholarship offer from the University of Southern California . An emotional Banks , 26 , lowered his head and fought back tears Thursday when prosecutors said they were moving to have the conviction dismissed . "  We do not believe Mr. Banks did the crime he pled guilty to , " Deputy District Attorney Brentford Ferreira said after court . "  Justice has been served . " A judge concurred and tossed the conviction . Time does n't pay , wrongfully imprisoned find "  I was overcome with relief but reminded of the pain and suffering I went through in prison and parole , " Banks said . "  All the false accusations against me . " Banks put bitterness aside , though , expressing no interest in taking legal action against the woman who recanted . "  For me , I just want to be positive . I want to be in a better position than what I was yesterday , " Banks said . "  The only way that can happen is by eliminating any negative ill will or feelings toward anyone . " The Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said Friday that it is not currently involved in any investigation of the woman . "  Our standard is beyond a reasonable doubt , " spokeswoman Sandi Gibbons said , referring further questions to Long Beach police . Police spokeswoman Lisa Massacani said Friday that there was no current investigation . According to CNN Los Angeles affiliate KTLA , the accuser won a $ 1.5 million settlement in a civil suit against the Long Beach Unified School District . She claimed that the school 's lax security provided an unsafe environment that led to the alleged rape . It was not clear whether the school district will try to recoup any of the settlement . A message seeking comment was not immediately returned . The California Innocence Project took up Banks ' case and went to court on his behalf , saying he and the woman never had sexual intercourse . The alleged victim expressed concern about having to return money she received in the civil suit , the group said . The group 's director , Justin Brooks , said the Banks case is not uncommon . "  Plea bargains have become the 95 % solution . " "  Brian has learned that anger is going to eat you up , " Brooks said . "  If we had n't gotten that recantation , Brian would have gone through this the rest of his life . " Although he did not have the opportunity to play college football , Banks maintains a dream of playing for the National Football League . "  I 'm hoping to draw the attention of some team that takes interest in my story , takes interest in my hard work and gives me an opportunity , " he told KTLA .	Judge tosses conviction of man who pleaded no contest to rape charge Woman who made accusation has recanted Brian Banks made plea on attorney 's advice , fearing long sentence Banks , now 26 , said he still has dreams of playing for the NFL
Beijing  CNN  -- Even as President Obama is expected to raise the issues of democratic rights and press freedoms during a trip to China this week , there is a question whether he will hold his own news conference with reporters covering his three-day stop in Beijing . White House officials accompanying Obama cautioned leaders in Beijing are still balking at the U.S. proposal for a joint news conference with Chinese President Xi . But consultations with Chinese officials continue on the issue , aides said . "  No final word , " one senior administration official said . A separate official stressed the President may go forward with his own news conference , without Xi , a move that may add pressure to already tense U.S.-Chinese relations . Obama administration officials prepared reporters for the possibility of limited access to Obama during a background briefing with reporters last week . Reservations among Chinese officials were cited as the sole reason for potential press restrictions . "  If you go back to when Chinese leaders have agreed to joint press availabilities , you 'll have a very hard time finding one where they have been willing to take questions from the press , " said Brookings Institution analyst Ken Lieberthal at a briefing on the President 's trip last week . "  So we want it ; they do n't . They are the host . That 's where we end up , " Lieberthal added . Joint news conferences are a norm for U.S. presidents as they travel much of the world . Generally , Obama and foreign leaders will engage in a news conference described as "  2 +2 " with journalists , meaning two questions each from U.S. and foreign reporters . But there are rare exceptions , such as Obama 's visit to Saudi Arabia earlier this year . National Security Advisor Susan Rice raised the issue of press access with her Beijing counterparts in the weeks leading to the President 's visit , which will include a formal bilateral meeting with Chinese President Xi at a summit of APEC leaders . The President is scheduled to deliver a speech to the CEOs gathered at the APEC summit Monday . Obama and Xi will have "  candid and in-depth conversations " on a range of issues , Rice told reporters last week . In addition to their meeting , both leaders will deliver statements to the media . But the possibility of taking questions remains the sticking point . Press freedom and human rights in China remain a major concern for the United States , White House officials said . Recent democracy protests in Hong Kong have only served to elevate the issue for Obama , aides said . "  We 've been very clear about our views and concerns about Hong Kong and other aspects of human rights and civil liberties in China , as we have been elsewhere , " Rice said . Unlike other recent trips abroad for Obama , he is not scheduled to meet with human rights activists or engage in other "  person to person " events while in China . He is on a tight time line , administration officials explained . Aides said the President will hold a town hall with young Burmese in Myanmar , during the second stop of Obama 's three-nation tour which ends at the G-20 summit in Australia later this week . The threat posed by Chinese hackers to U.S. businesses will also figure prominently in talks between the two leaders . "  With respect to China , clearly the issues of cybersecurity will be prominent on our bilateral agenda . This is a source of grave concern to the United States , " Rice said Friday . "  We have reiterated on every occasion the fact that we oppose any efforts -- official or unofficial -- to engage in cyberespionage for commercial gain or other purposes , " she added . Obama and Xi have fielded questions from reporters in the past , but on U.S. soil . At a joint news conference in California last year , Xi was pressed by an American reporter on the issue of cybersecurity . Xi responded China has its own concerns with hackers . "  China is a victim of cyber attacks , and we hope that earnest measures can be taken to resolve this matter , " Xi said last year .	Beijing balks at proposal for joint news conference with U.S. , Chinese presidents "  So we want it ; they do n't . They are the host . That 's where we end up , " analyst says Obama will also visit Myanmar and Australia during his Asia trip this week
CNN  -- The wait is over for Pope Benedict XVI 's many Twitter followers , and they have been quick to respond to the much anticipated first tweet from his personal account Wednesday morning . Using the handle @Pontifex -- meaning "  bridge builder " in Latin -- he posted : "  Dear friends , I am pleased to get in touch with you through Twitter . Thank you for your generous response . I bless all of you from my heart . " A flood of tweets expressing joy , admiration , antagonism and skepticism followed from the Twitterverse , not to mention a fair few jokes . "  Wow ! Is this true ?! Pope Benedict XVI has started tweeting ! Welcome Your Holliness ! I 'm grateful for your blessing ! Follow him ! " tweeted @Joyful_Minoz . "  Our Pope Benedict XVI has a twitter account ! Coolest Pope in history ! " wrote @alexaSaclao . " @pontifex welcome on twitter . Glad you are now reachable to openly discuss gay marriage , birth control and gender equality ! " said @wimremes . Some are more skeptical about the pontiff 's personal involvement . Why the Pope and Obama turn to Twitter "  For the first time in history , a man can communicate directly with some low-level press officer in Vatican , " tweeted @EsaMakinen . A Vatican official told CNN last week that the pope would compose the tweets for the new account himself . But while the pontiff pressed the button to send his very first tweet , others are expected to send future tweets on his behalf . The pope followed up his first message with two more tweets within minutes . "  How can we celebrate the Year of Faith better in our daily lives ? " asked one . The answer : "  By speaking with Jesus in prayer , listening to what he tells you in the Gospel and looking for him in those in need . " This prompted comment that the pontiff had missed the point about social media being interactive . " @Pontifex is answering his own tweets now . That 's not really how it works , Your Holiness , " said @exitthelemming . The pope 's venture into social media has also sparked a flurry of jokes . Comedy writer Colm Tobin tweeted : "  RT @Pontifex Thou shalt not covet your neighbour 's Twitter followers . " "  I hear he 's changing it to ` thou shall not covet thy neighbour 's wifi , ' " was another tweeter 's humorous take . An hour after his first tweet , the pope had around 700,000 followers on his English-language account . He is also tweeting in seven other languages , including Spanish , Portuguese and Arabic . This prompted admiration from some fellow tweeters . "  Brilliant that @Pontifex tweets in 8 languages simultaneously incl . Arabic ... : Truly pioneering , " said @gsurya . "  Not even I could manage 8 Twitter accounts . I suppose @Pontifex has God on his side , " remarked @BizPaul . However , not everyone was impressed . "  So disappointed that @Pontifex did not write his first tweet in Latin , " said @laiabalcells . The secretary of the Pontifical Council for Social Communications , Monsignor Paul Tighe , told Vatican Radio that the sending of the first tweet was "  an extraordinary moment . " The attention it sparked within the "  Twitterverse " was quite impressive , he said , with more than 2,000 retweets in under two minutes . Vatican officials said last week that anyone could send in a question to the pope 's personal account via the hashtag #askpontifex or #B16 . Pope Benedict has some previous experience at tweeting , having launched the official Vatican news site on Twitter , @news_va_en , in June of last year . Other religious leaders have found great success with Twitter . The 140-character limit for tweets allows for short messages , perfect for small verses of scripture or inspiration . The Dalai Lama  @DalaiLama  , Rick Warren  @RickWarren  , Joel Osteen  @JoelOsteen  and scores of other religious leaders spread their messages via the site . A commentary written by Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi for Vatican Radio last week said : "  140 characters -- the number contained in a tweet -- are quite a few . Most of the verses of the Gospel have less ; the beatitudes are much shorter . A little concision is n't bad . " He added that while short messages on Twitter could not carry the whole teachings of the Catholic Church , they would help spread the word to those who wanted to hear . "  Of course the world will not be saved by tweets but among a billion baptised Catholics and among the seven billion people of the world ; several million people will be able to feel the Pope is closer in this way too , hearing him say a word for them , a spark of wisdom to bear in their minds and hearts and to share with their twitter friends , " he wrote . "  A new service of the Gospel . " While Benedict is the first Catholic pope to take to Twitter , he is n't the first twitterized pope . That honor goes to His Holiness Pope Tawadros II , the 118th pope of the Coptic Church of Egypt . But Pope Tawadros has around 6,300 Twitter followers ; Benedict had tens of thousands on his first day out . John Paul II , who preceded Benedict , was the first pontiff to use the Internet , and the 20th century saw a string of other milestones for popes using technology to reach the masses . Pope Pius XI made the first papal radio broadcast in 1931 . His successor , Pope Pius XII , made the first papal television appearance in 1946 . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto , Eric Marrapodi and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	NEW : Pope Benedict 's first tweet prompts a range of reactions in the Twitterverse NEW : "  Coolest Pope in history ! " tweets one excited follower The pontiff had around 700,000 followers on his English account within an hour of his first tweet "  I am pleased to get in touch with you through Twitter , " Pope Benedict says
CNN  -- If all goes as planned , the state of Texas will soon execute Rodney Reed for murdering Stacey Stites 18 years ago in the city of Georgetown . The only hitch in this plan is that Reed might actually be innocent of the crime . Getting to the bottom of this quandary might require little more than a simple DNA test of items recovered from the crime scene , as requested by his attorney and the Innocence Project . But if the state of Texas has its way , Reed will be executed without those tests ever being conducted . The fate of the DNA testing is the subject of a hearing in a Bastrop County court , scheduled for Tuesday . On the face of it , Reed 's tireless claims of innocence are not without merit . The police investigation was riddled with glaring foibles and failures . Crucially , the detectives gave up briskly on investigating a likely suspect -- Stites ' fiancÃ © , Jimmy Fennell . Fennell was a police officer who was accused of committing acts of sexual violence and was ultimately sentenced to 10 years in prison for sexually assaulting a woman he took into police custody . Fennell , according to affidavits , was irate that his fiancÃ © e , a white woman , was having an affair with Reed , who is African-American . Why on earth , one wonders , would Texas battle fiercely against conducting the testing ? Would it be naive to propose the state should welcome it ? The answer can not be the meager costs of running the tests or the negligible time they would take to run . Nor could the state claim to be acting out of respect for the victim 's loved ones -- a dubious justification from the outset -- given that numerous members of her family are campaigning publicly on Reed 's behalf . The best explanation for the state 's aversion to the testing may be the dread of learning the truth . The prospect of finding that Reed is innocent would deliver a resounding condemnation of the state 's criminal justice process -- its detectives , prosecutors , defense attorneys , judges , jurors and appellate courts . The Reed case and others of its kind give Texas ' criminal justice system a bad reputation , as they should . Yet justice in Texas is a study in contradictions . The state has taken formidable strides toward a more accurate criminal process . Following the leadership of outgoing Dallas County District Attorney Craig Watkins , numerous prosecutorial units have been established to uncover faulty convictions . Texas also boasts a statewide Criminal Justice Integrity Unit that recommends lessons learned from wrongful convictions and oversees policy reform . The state runs an active Forensic Science Commission that both promotes professionalization of the field and investigates complaints of scientific abuse . Texas has enacted a law that requires all police departments to adopt lineup procedures that comply with scientifically based best practices , and all major counties require taping of interrogations . Texas has also reacted admirably to some of the revelations of false convictions . Michael Morton spent almost 25 years in prison for the murder of his wife , a conviction that would likely have been averted but for the misconduct of the prosecutor , Ken Anderson . In response to Morton 's exoneration , the state enacted a sweeping law that mandates broad discovery of evidence to the defense . Moreover , Anderson , who had since become a district judge in Williamson County , was disbarred for his acts and briefly carted off to jail . None of these reforms should be taken to justify Texas ' bullheaded decision to move ahead with the execution of Rodney Reed . No state should exact criminal punishment -- not to mention death -- before taking all feasible measures to verify the defendant 's guilt . It is of course impossible to redo the investigation conducted so long ago or to amend its apparent flaws . But the state has an obligation to Reed , and to its citizenry in whose name it is about to execute Reed , to test every bit of remaining evidence . If the new evidence undermines Reed 's guilt , he should be allowed to walk out of prison as a free man for the first time in 18 years , and the Georgetown police should reopen the investigation of the barbarous murder of Stacey Stites .	Dan Simon : Texas may execute Rodney Reed for murder , except he might be innocent Simon says the answer to Reed 's innocence or guilt hinges on getting DNA testing Simon says the state may be afraid of testing because it may learn that it made a mistake Texas should take all feasible ways to verify defendant 's guilt before execution , he says
CNN  -- As the new Japanese government of Shinzo Abe unleashes a new round of stimulus for the ailing economy , a Tokyo restaurateur has thrown his support behind the new government -- but it comes with a resigned sigh that seems to mark most leadership changes in the world 's third largest economy . "  I voted for Abe and the Liberal Democratic Party , " says Shigeki Koshiba , chef and owner of Hainan Jeefan Shokudo , a restaurant that specializes in Singaporean food . "  I decided to give them another chance . I give these guys a last chance . " Japan starts the new year under its seventh prime minister in seven years and a return to power for Abe 's Liberal Democratic Party . The list of challenges for Abe -- who was previously prime minister in 2006-2007 -- is long and familiar : Deflation , the strong yen , an aging population and an expensive country in which to live . All of this existed well before the damage from the tsunami , earthquake and nuclear disaster in March 2011 . CNNMoney : Japan unveils $ 117 billion stimulus package During the recent campaign , Abe promised more stimulus spending even though Japan 's debt to GDP ratio is estimated at 236 % , according to recent International Monetary Fund projections . That 's the highest debt level in the developed world . On Friday , he made good on that promise as the government unveiled a $ 117 billion fiscal stimulus package in a bid to boost growth . "  Abenomics " is the nickname given to the prime minister 's push for more quantitative easing from the Bank of Japan and a doubling of the inflation rate to 2 % . "  Abenomics is not just about the central bank . It is about coordinating policy which is something here in Japan we have not had in basically five or six years , " Jesper Koll , head of Japan Equities at JP Morgan , tells CNN . Koll says the acceleration of both fiscal and monetary policy is key . "  That 's where the good news is going to be coming from in Japan the next six to nine months . " Read more : Waiting for Japan 's election : Could the ` Abe trade ' be justified ? But Yonghao Pu , UBS Chief Investment Strategist for Asia-Pacific , says more stimulus is not as simple as it sounds . "  That 's the trick question . If you print a lot more money , you 're more likely to have inflation than deflation . On the positive side , quantitative easing can reduce deflation , " he said . "  But if you have inflation come back , the investors  in Japanese government bonds  are not going to be happy with 2 % inflation because the net return will be negative 1 % . So they  Abe  can not overdo it . " Restaurant owner Koshiba and his brother-in-law -- Paul Yang , the CEO of Delta Capital , a real estate development company -- will watch the political leadership with a wary eye . Read more : Shinzo Abe : The answer to ailing Japan 's problems ? Yang says the biggest problem in Japan is the lack of innovation in big business . Corporate tax is 40 % which drives many foreign businesses out . He says the government needs to offer more incentives for companies to stay in Japan . His own development company is getting creative by moving away from traditional business models . Delta Capital is talking to Japanese universities about leasing their land , building dormitories and managing them . "  We 're trying to stay away from buying land and we 're borrowing land instead , " Yang says . He believes Japan 's complex rules make leasing a better option . "  It 's economically more viable because yields and returns are so much better if you do n't have to buy the land . We 're trying to create a new real estate asset class . " Koshiba 's restaurant is casual and the average lunch costs $ 10 . "  We do n't feel the economy slowing down because business is constant . For me and a lot of my restaurant friends , turnover is not bad . " But he keeps his eye on the cost of electricity . Since the nuclear crisis at Fukushima , the cost of power has increased . Koshiba now has to pay $ 600 more per month at his two restaurant locations . He 's also watching the yen which has weakened significantly since Abe called for more stimulus in November . While a weaker yen helps exporters by making their products cheaper overseas , it can have an adverse affect on businesses like restaurants and supermarkets that need to buy imports . "  It depends how long the yen weakening lasts . A lot of food stuff is imported from outside , " says Koshiba . "  There 's always a time lag . If this  weakening yen  continues , it 'll affect a lot of people . "	Japan unveiled a $ 117 billion fiscal stimulus package Friday in bid to boost growth New Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has promised aggressive action on recessionary economy Abe is the seventh prime minister in seven years to confront Japan 's economic woes Analyst : "  Good news is going to be coming from in Japan the next six to nine months "
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- Argentina 's Court of Justice on Wednesday convicted and sentenced a club owner to 20 years in prison for a deadly club fire that killed 194 people but absolved the band that had played that night of responsibility for the tragedy . An injured clubgoer and his father wait for news of his brother after the club fire in December 2004 . The incident happened in December 2004 , when a fire broke out in the overcrowded Republica Cromanon venue in Buenos Aires . Many of the exits to the building were illegally closed . Omar Chaban , the owner of Cromanon , was convicted of causing the deaths of the concertgoers and of bribing officials , the court said . Prosecutors had asked for 23 years for Chaban , who became the object of such scorn that he had to move repeatedly over the past four years to avoid harassment , according to the newspaper Clarin . Some city officials also were convicted in the case . Deputy commissioner Carlos Diaz was sentenced to 18 years , and two other city functionaries were sentenced to two years for failing to carry out their municipal duties . The band 's former manager , Diego Arganaraz , also was sentenced to 18 years , the court said . But the members of the Callejeros band , whose fans were gathered outside of the court house , were acquitted although band members had been indicted . Family members of the victims reacted strongly when the judge announced that the band was not found responsible . Victims ' family and friends inside the courtroom began crying and shouting at the news , and at least one man was removed by police . Outside of the courtroom , there were some injuries as fans of the band and families of the victims clashed . "  The justice we were hoping for does not exist , " Betty Morales , a family member of one of the victims , told CNN en Español . "  Callejeros are just as responsible ... While they are partying , our children are buried , dead . " All of those convicted Wednesday remained free pending appeals . The Republica Cromanon nightclub was made to hold about 1,000 people , but it was estimated that more than 3,000 fans were packed inside the night of the fire , which began when fans began lighting flares that caught the roof on fire . The members of the band began playing together in 1995 and took the Callejeros name in 1997 , according to a fan site . The band was considered an up-and-coming rock group , but did n't perform for almost two years after the deadly fire . And when they did play , it was a controversial event . Fans of the band rejoiced at Wednesday 's outcome . "  Personally , I think it 's good because the band did n't have anything to do with it , " fan Mauro Fernandez told CNN . CNN en Español 's Javier Doberti contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Justice we were hoping for does not exist , " victim 's kin says of band acquittal Members of the Callejeros band had been indicted in the case Venue in Buenos Aires , Argentina , was overcrowded ; many exits closed illegally Club 's owner , band manager sentenced to prison for 2004 fire that killed 194
CNN  -- Police say a Connecticut group home employee has been arrested after a video surfaced that shows her abusing a patient , dragging the woman by her hair and whipping her with a belt . Angelica Rivera , 34 , admitted she was the attacker in the video and turned herself in to East Hartford police Thursday , authorities said Friday . She faces felony charges of unlawful restraint , cruelty and bias intimidation , and is expected to appear in court in Manchester , Connecticut , on August 1 . Rivera , who has since been released on $ 25,000 bond , is also charged with assault , abuse and disorderly conduct , all misdemeanors . It is not clear who shot the video , and Rivera could not be immediately reached for comment . On Tuesday , East Hartford police say , they received a suspicious act complaint from Options Unlimited Inc. , the privately held nonprofit that operates the home , about a video it received . The DVD was titled "  The Perfect Employee " and sent to the operator of the home , authorities and a local television station , which prompted an investigation , police said Friday . On Wednesday , detectives found and questioned Rivera , who then admitted to the abuse , they added . A day later , police say , they obtained an arrest warrant , which prompted the woman to turn herself in . Options Unlimited responded earlier to the scandal , saying : "  We are deeply saddened and appalled by this incident . As soon as we became aware of it , we took prompt action and placed the employee on unpaid administrative leave . " Terrence W. Macy , commissioner of Connecticut 's Department of Developmental Services , said he was also outraged by the video . "  Why would one human being do this to any other human being ? " he asked . "  This is a person who requires a lot of support , bathing and assistance eating , " he told CNN affiliate WFSB . WFSB 's reporting went on to say that state officials have examined other residents in the East Hartford group home but "  found no bruises or other signs of recent abuse . " Macy confirmed that Rivera is no longer working at the group home and has been put on administrative leave without pay .	Police say group home worker was arrested after a video surfaced that shows her abuse Angelica Rivera admitted she was the attacker in the video and turned herself in , police say She faces felony charges of unlawful restraint , cruelty and bias intimidation Rivera has since been released on $ 25,000 bond
Washington  CNN  -- Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee voted Thursday to repeal the federal law that defines marriage as between one man and one woman . The vote that sends the proposal to the full Senate floor was considered symbolic because the measure has no chance of getting passed by the Republican-led House . All eight Republicans on the Judiciary Committee voted "  no " Thursday , while all the 10 majority Democrats supported the measure that would provide equal federal benefits to legally married same-sex couples . Democrats and gay rights advocates hailed the vote as historic in the continuing effort to legalize same-sex marriage and end separate treatment for legally married same-sex couples . Committee Chairman Pat Leahy , D-Vermont , called it "  an historic step forward in righting an injustice that goes right to the core of what we stand for in this country -- freedom and equality . " Senate passes jobs bill for veterans However , social conservatives said the repeal measure disrespected the beliefs and wishes of mainstream America . "  Marriage is not some prize that liberals can award to a small , vocal and already well-off special interest group , " said a statement by Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council . "  Marriage between one man and one woman was created prior to the formation of any governments and is given benefits by governments because it uniquely contributes to a productive society . " Under the Defense of Marriage Act , passed in 1996 , only legally married couples as defined by the law are entitled to more than 1,000 federal marriage benefits such as continued Social Security payments to spouses after death . Repealing the measure means that same-sex couples wed in the six states and the District of Columbia , which have legalized gay and lesbian marriages , would be eligible for full federal benefits afforded other couples , regardless of where they live , said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , who sponsored the proposal . Reid belittles ` phony ' GOP tax concessions Feinstein and other Democrats said the repeal would not require states to legalize same-sex marriage or otherwise impede on a state 's rights on the matter . Republicans said the repeal would alter the institution of marriage between a man and woman , and also would increase the cost burden on the federal government by expanding the number of eligible beneficiaries . "  No one has paid into Social Security expecting benefits to be paid to same-sex partners , " said Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas . Leahy responded that people who have paid into Social Security like anyone else should be able to receive benefits , whether or not they have legally married someone of the same sex . He and other Democrats said the issue was about equal treatment under the law . However , Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah complained of a broader impact , saying "  it is no secret that advocates want to use the courts to force states to legalize and recognize same-sex marriage . " To Democratic Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota , the repeal would be one step in the right direction . "  When we do pass it , straight people are n't suddenly going to become gay , " he said , adding : "  We 'll do just fine , really . "	The 10-8 vote is on strict party lines , with Democrats in favor and Republicans opposed The repeal has no chance of winning approval from the Republican-led House Democrats say repeal would mean federal benefits for legally married same-sex couples Republicans argue it will be costly and alter the institution of marriage
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- For all the talk in diplomatic circles this week of finding peace for Libya , one thing remained clear Saturday : The war is raging unabated in Misrata . In the city under siege from Moammar Gadhafi 's forces and mostly inaccessible for journalists , other than those on government-organized tours , residents reported disturbing new developments Saturday . An opposition council member told CNN that loyalists were using bombs that look like perfume bottles . Photographs suggested they were shells fired from a grenade launcher that either did not explode on impact or were deliberately masked and placed in populated areas . Either way , they were proving lethal . The council member said Saturday that people have had their limbs blown off and children have been killed . The report comes a day after Human Rights Watch reported its members saw three cluster bombs explode Thursday night over Misrata 's el-Shawahda neighborhood . Researchers with the activist group inspected debris and interviewed witnesses about two other apparent cluster bombings , the report said . "  We hear explosions that sound like one big explosion followed by many smaller ones . We were told this is a cluster bomb , " said the council member . He , like many other Libyans , did not want to be identified for safety reasons . The Libyan government has denied the use of such bombs , which are banned internationally because of their indiscriminate nature and ability to harm civilians even after a conflict ends . Ahmed Hassan of the Misrata opposition council said at least five people were killed and 44 others were wounded Saturday , after one witness saw a hail of rockets fall on the central Libyan city . Gadhafi 's forces also bombed several food and dairy production factories , including ones that produce milk and oil , Hassan said . Terrified residents are going out in groups of 20 or 30 to fetch bread . They are too scared to venture out alone . "  No one and nowhere is safe in Misrata , " Hassan said . Medecins Sans Frontieres said Saturday that it had evacuated nearly 100 people by boat from Misrata . Most were suffering war-related injuries . The boat arrived in Zarzis , Tunisia , on Saturday . The international medical humanitarian group  known as Doctors Without Borders in English  said ongoing fighting has cut off people from medical assistance and hospitals and clinics are overwhelmed with casualties . "  For weeks now , health structures have been struggling to cope with the influx of patients , " said Dr. Morten Rostrup , an MSF doctor who participated in the evacuation . "  With the latest heavy bombardments in Misrata , the situation is worsening as hospitals have to discharge patients before their treatment is completed in order to treat those wounded by fighting , " Rostrup said in a statement . The International Organization for Migration said Saturday that a chartered boat filled with hundreds of tons of humanitarian aid was heading to Misrata . The group 's first boat rescued 1,200 migrant workers and their families who had been stranded around the city 's port , which has been bombarded daily by Gadhafi 's forces according to witnesses . Deeper inside the city , witnesses for weeks have reported dire conditions , including food shortages and the persistent fear of pro-Gadhafi snipers taking aim at anyone walking on the streets . A clinic director told CNN at least 700 people have died since the violence erupted in Misrata two months ago . Meanwhile , a Misrata opposition council member accused Gadhafi of using Libyan state television as an effective command-and-control center after NATO airstrikes damaged lines of communications and made troop control difficult . The council member said Gadhafi has been sending orders to his troops through coded messages aired on state television and the rebels have been trying to decode them in order to defend themselves . He gave these examples : -- An anchor claimed that a bird laid a green egg in an area of Benghazi . The anchor hailed this as a miracle and a sign of an upcoming victory for Gadhafi 's forces . The next day that exact area was attacked by what the councilman described as sleeper cells in Benghazi . -- During the weather forecast , a map indicated a large storm over the port area of Misrata . No storm ever appeared , but the next day Gadhafi 's forces attacked Misrata by sea . -- An anchor claimed that a honey bee spelled out Moammar with honey in Darnah . Once again , it was hailed as a miracle and a sign of an upcoming victory for Gadhafi 's forces . The next day , sleeper cells in Darnah launched an attack . Despite weeks of aerial bombardment by international fighter jets , Gadhafi has shown no signs of acquiescing . He remains as defiant as ever despite calls this week again from global leaders attending a Libya conference in Qatar and a sternly worded newspaper opinion piece by U.S. President Barack Obama , French President Nicolas Sarkozy and British Prime Minister David Cameron . But how to protect civilians has become an increasingly complex question . At a news conference in Benghazi , the deputy chairman of Libya 's Transitional National Council appealed to the international community to help prevent further tragedy . He said 1.5 million Libyans were under attack every day . "  We already have warned before that the regime was threatening real massacres against innocent civilians , " Abdul Hafiz Ghoga told reporters . "  The international community is now witnessing what this regime is capable of . The destruction in Misrata and other cities is unacceptable . " In Tripoli , four thundering explosions were heard Saturday evening -- believed to have been caused by NATO airstrikes -- followed by about 30 minutes of sustained anti-aircraft fire . Later that night , hundreds gathered outside Gadhafi 's compound in the capital , with some saying they 'd be willing to act as "  human shields " as long as NATO warplanes targeted the manpower and infrastructure being used in support of the Libyan leader . "  Everyone here will die for Moammar Gadhafi , " one young man told CNN . On the eastern front lines of the battle , rebels were still fighting to regain control of the oil town of al-Brega , which has changed hands several times already . "  We need weapons to defend our people , " Ghoga said . NATO has said it needs more precision fighter jets because loyalist maneuvers have made airstrikes much more difficult without harming civilians . "  Now they hide their heavy arms in populated areas , where before many targets were easier to get to , " said NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen earlier this week . "  To avoid civilian casualties , we need very sophisticated equipment . So we need a few more precision fighter ground-attack aircraft for air-to-ground missions . " A witness in Misrata said NATO planes were flying overhead Saturday , but he had not seen evidence of bombing . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Fred Pleitgen , Saad Abedine , Salma Abdelaziz , Mitra Mobasherat and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report	NEW : Hundreds in Tripoli rally for Gadhafi , some vowing to act as ` human shields ' Witness : Gadhafi 's forces are using explosives that can kill indiscriminately A hail of rockets attack Misrata again Saturday Transitional council leader says the rebels need weapons
CNN  -- The banjo , for years in the background , stepped out of the shadows in the steady hands of Earl Scruggs . Beyond his many recordings and appearances , the bluegrass music legend , who died Wednesday at 88 , left an instructional book considered a must-read for novice banjo players . "  Earl Scruggs and the Five-String Banjo , " first published in 1968 , still lays the foundation for beginners , said Eric Schlange , founder of the website Banjo Hangout . By Thursday afternoon , hundreds of the site 's 67,000 registered users had left tributes , listed Scruggs songs they played since learning he died and exchanged messages on his groundbreaking technique . The site attracts both grizzled veterans and beginners . "  A lot of those guys played  his  records , slowing down the records so they figured out the notes Earl was playing , " said Schlange , 32 , of Lakeport , California . Playing the banjo well takes dedication . "  It 's a very physical instrument . When you are talking about bluegrass style , you have to dial in your technique precisely and practice real consistently , " said Schlange , a web developer who calls running Banjo Hangout a part-time hobby . For many of a certain age , Scruggs ' banjo was part of the soundtrack of an era on "  The Ballad of Jed Clampett " -- the theme song from the CBS sitcom "  The Beverly Hillbillies , " which aired on CBS from 1962 to 1971 and for decades afterward in syndication . He played with Bill Monroe 's Blue Grass Boys , and later with Lester Flatt with the Foggy Mountain Boys . The 1967 film "  Bonnie and Clyde " featured their 1949 instrumental "  Foggy Mountain Breakdown . " But much more than that , Scruggs popularized a three-finger picking style that brought the banjo to the fore in a supercharged genre . The late John Hartford , a noted banjo musician in his own right , was quoted in Barry R. Willis ' "  America 's Music : Bluegrass , " as summing it up this way : "  Everybody 's all worried about who invented the style and it 's obvious that three-finger banjo pickers have been around a long time -- maybe since 1840 . But my feeling about it is that if it was n't for Earl Scruggs , you would n't be worried about who invented it . " In an article on the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum 's website , bluegrass historian Neil V. Rosenberg described Scruggs ' style as "  a ` roll ' executed with the thumb and two fingers of his right hand " that essentially made the banjo "  a lead instrument like a fiddle or a guitar , particularly on faster pieces and instrumentals . This novel sound attracted considerable attention to their Grand Ole Opry performances , road shows , and Columbia recordings . " Traditional bluegrass is "  rapid fire , pretty loud ,  with  explosive notes , " Schlange told CNN . But there is also a quieter side to the banjo . Innovative musician Bela Fleck is known for his jazz style and sparing play . Banjo Hangout 's main draw is its many forums on the art of music and banjo-making . Noted players Pete Wernick and Ron Block , who performs with Alison Krauss , are among those who post . "  They  members  all want to be able to play the style of music they are looking for , " said Schlange . "  Some want to play Earl Scruggs-style bluegrass music . Some want to play old-timey , open-back banjo . " Schlange , who considers himself "  an aspiring banjo player , " lists Mumford & Sons , Steve Martin , Noam Pikelny and Kristin Scott Benson as influential banjo players on today 's scene . Martin , in a January article in The New Yorker , wrote of Scruggs : "  Before him , no one had ever played the banjo like he did . After him , everyone played the banjo like he did , or at least tried . " Scruggs ' funeral is set for 2 p.m. Sunday at Nashville 's famed Ryman Auditorium . Traffic on Banjo Hangout increased about 50 % in the hours after Scruggs ' death was announced . "  I was away from the site for five hours and had not heard the news . When I got back there were five topics on the front page about his passing away , " Schlange said . Typical of forum postings was one by "  rdblansett . " "  As always , whenever Earl stepped up to the mic to do his thing , I marveled at the sheer effortless style of his playing . Just as with any virtuoso of this or any era , he was married to his instrument and no one made it sing as well as he did . It is because of Earl that I picked up the banjo for the first time a couple of months ago , and even though I will never get to meet him , I hope he hears the wail from down here . " CNN 's Cameron Tankersley , Denise Quan and Andy Rose contributed to this report .	Banjo players mourn passing of innovative instrumentalist Earl Scruggs died Wednesday of natural causes in Nashville , his son told CNN He developed the three-finger style that made the banjo a "  front " instrument Scruggs and Lester Flatt were part of the musical team that made modern bluegrass
CNN  -- A 2009 cable sent from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to American U.N. missions and embassies around the world ostensibly directed American diplomats to engage in intelligence-gathering . The 8,358 word National Humint Collection Directive  Humint being Human Intelligence  "  reflects the results of a recent Washington review of reporting and collection needs focused on the United Nations , " according to the document made public by the whistle-blower website WikiLeaks Sunday . The information Clinton directed the diplomats she oversees to ascertain ranged from basic biographical data such as diplomats ' names and addresses to their frequent flyer and credit card numbers , to even "  biometric information on ranking North Korean diplomats . " Typical biometric information includes fingerprints , signatures , and iris recognition . The cable , simply signed ` CLINTON ' , is classified S/NF - or ` Secret/No Foreign ' - and was sent to 33 embassies and the U.N. mission offices in New York , Vienna , and Rome . In a Twitter posting Sunday evening , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley denied that American diplomats were doing double duty as intelligence gatherers . "  Contrary to some #Wikileaks ' reporting , our diplomats are diplomats . They are not intelligence assets , " the tweet attributed to him said . He further downplayed the cable 's significance by writing in a separate tweet : "  Diplomats collect information that shapes our policies and actions . Diplomats for all nations do the same thing . "	Cable : Clinton directed diplomats to ascertain names , addresses and credit card numbers The cable was sent to 33 embassies and some U.N. mission offices State Department denies diplomats were doing double duty
Paris  CNN  -- A hostage-taking incident in Toulouse , France , ended with shots fired , the gunman wounded and the last two remaining hostages freed , police union spokesman Christophe Crepin said Wednesday . The gunman , who said he was with al Qaeda , took four people hostage at a bank five hours earlier , police said . He released one of them , a woman , after about three hours , Crepin said , and a second hostage was released about an hour after that . The incident ended after the man emerged from the bank with a hostage and attempted to shoot police officers , Crepin said . A hostage negotiator had earlier spoken to the gunman by phone , Crepin said . Described as a man in his 20s or 30s from France 's Haute-Garonne region , the gunman was "  very , very agitated " during the talks , he said . Authorities have not officially identified the hostage-taker , security police spokesman Frederic Tamisier said . He said the two remaining hostages were freed after the shootout , in which the gunman was "  not badly " injured . Toulouse prosecutor Michel Valet said the gunman fired two shots as the action began . He said the four hostages are all safe and sound . The hostage-taker is in a Toulouse hospital , he said , but not in a critical condition . He has two injuries -- one in the left hand and the other in the right thigh -- which , Valet said , indicate that police sought to neutralize him to protect the hostages , rather than trying to kill him . The hostage-taker was armed with a pistol that usually fires rubber bullets but can be converted to fire lethal rounds , Valet said . No more shots were fired from either side once the hostages were secured , he added . "  We can consider that things have ended rather well , no police officers injured , that the four hostages are not injured either , and that the hostage-taker , while he may be injured , his life is apparently not in danger , " he said . Valet said the man suffers from "  psychological troubles , and his acts are linked to these claims which are badly defined , badly expressed . At this hour , it is difficult to know exactly what is driving his behavior ,  which is  everything but rational . " President Francois Hollande hailed the professionalism shown by the police in bringing the situation to a close . "  I rejoice that all the hostages were liberated , safe and sound , and that the hostage-taker was captured , " he said in a written statement . The incident happened several hundred yards from the scene of a standoff between police and a gunman earlier this year that ended with the gunman dead . In March , police cornered Mohammed Merah , who was wanted in the killing of seven people . He was killed March 22 by police after the 32-hour siege of a Toulouse apartment . Crepin said Wednesday 's hostage-taking was an armed robbery that went wrong . The hostages were the director of the bank and three employees , he said . Valet 's office was in charge of the situation , he said . Photographer Jenet Gautier , who lives near the bank , said the neighborhood was calm during the incident and the situation was not comparable to the Merah siege . A high school in the area was evacuated , staff there said . Investigations shed new light on Toulouse terrorist shootings A local real estate agent told CNN that police told her to stay inside and keep her doors locked . Marie Cluzaud , 28 , said she was scared but did n't hear any noise connected to the hostage-taking . Streets were blocked off , she said . In the March standoff , Merah was wanted for the killings of three French paratroopers , a rabbi and three Jewish children ages 4 , 5 , and 7 . Two other people were seriously wounded in shootings blamed on him . CNN 's Stephanie Halasz , Saskya Vandoorne , Dheepthi Namasivayam , Ines de la Cuetara and Alex Felton contributed to this report .	NEW : President Hollande hails the police operation and safe release of hostages The hostage-taker was shot in the hand and thigh , the Toulouse prosecutor says The man has "  psychological troubles " and his motivation is not clear , he says The gunman claims to be linked to al Qaeda , police say
CNN  -- France international footballer Patrice Evra is determined to follow up his complaint of racism against Uruguay striker Luis Suarez , according to his club manager . Manchester United defender Evra accused his Liverpool opponent of racially abusing him during Saturday 's 1-1 Premier League draw , and the English Football Association said it would investigate after match referee Andre Marriner reported the incident . Suarez denied the claims in a statement on his Facebook page , but United manager Alex Ferguson told reporters on Monday that Evra stands by his comments to French television channel Canal Plus . "  I spoke to Patrice today . He is adamant he wants to follow it on , " Ferguson said ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League clash with Romanian minnows Otelul Galati . "  It is not an easy one for us . It is not something we would want to level against Liverpool , and it is not against Liverpool . Obviously Patrice feels very aggrieved at what was said to him . It rests in the hands of the FA now . " Ask Samuel Eto'o and Roberto Carlos your questions United and Liverpool are bitter rivals , and Ferguson appealed to both sets of fans before the match at Anfield , asking them not to sing abusive chants about the clubs ' respective tragedies in Munich and Hillsborough . Eight of United 's players were killed in the 1958 German air crash that claimed 23 lives , while 96 Liverpool supporters died during an FA Cup semifinal in 1989 . "  Saturday was terrific . Both sets of fans were good , " Ferguson said . "  There was not any of that silly chanting we have had in previous years . Both sets of fans deserve praise for that . " United midfielder Ashley Young was racially abused by Bulgaria fans during England 's Euro 2012 qualifier in Sofia in September , but Ferguson said there are no such problems in the Premier League . "  I am not aware of any instances in terms of British football , " the 69-year-old Scot said . "  It does n't happen in England . There are very few examples of that . Maybe this is what surprised Patrice Evra . He thought he was slighted on Saturday . "  We do n't want to see it . It is as simple as that . " Ferguson said Evra would be in contention to play in Romania , with last season 's Champions League finalists United seeking to kickstart a faltering European campaign after picking up just two points from two Group C matches . "  Yes , yes . There is no problem , " he said , while confirming that England striker Wayne Rooney would play despite Sunday 's top-of-the-table derby clash with Manchester City looming . Rooney started on the bench against Liverpool following the news that he will be banned for all three of England 's Euro 2012 finals group matches after his red card against Montenegro . "  When the initial news came through it was a definite blow for him . He did n't expect that . None of us did , " Ferguson said . In Tuesday 's other Group C game , Swiss side Basel host Portugal 's Benfica with both clubs on four points . In Group B , Italy 's Internazionale travel to French side Lille on the back of another domestic defeat at the weekend , while Turkey 's Trabzonspor will seek to extend their lead at home to CSKA Moscow . Group A leaders Bayern Munich visit Italy 's Napoli in search of a third successive win , while Manchester City host Spain 's Villarreal with both teams in search of a first victory . Nine-time European champions Real Madrid will seek a third successive Group D victory at home to French side Lyon in the clubs ' ninth meeting in six years . Dutch club Ajax , whose fourth European title came in 1995 , travel to Croatia 's Dinamo Zagreb -- with neither team having won yet this season .	Patrice Evra will continue his complaint of racial abuse against Luis Suarez English FA is investigating after incidents in Liverpool-Manchester United game Liverpool striker Suarez has denied the claims by United defender Evra Evra is expected to play in United 's Champions League trip to Romania on Tuesday
CNN  -- FBI agents arrested Najibullah Zazi , a 24-year-old Colorado resident and Afghan national questioned in an alleged terrorist plot in the United States . FBI agents raided Najibullah Zazi 's home on Saturday and took him into custody . Zazi and his father , Mohammed Zazi , were handcuffed without incident late Saturday as authorities raided Zazi 's home in the Denver suburb of Aurora , according to CNN 's Jim Spellman . FBI agents in New York arrested Ahmad Wais Afzali , 37 , a resident of Flushing , New York . Officials said Afzali is a legal permanent resident from Afghanistan . All three men are charged with knowingly and willingly making false statements to the FBI . Arthur Folsom , attorney for the Zazis , met with them at the FBI offices in Denver Sunday morning , said Wendy Aiello , the attorney 's spokeswoman . Watch Zazi being taken into custody " Najibullah Zazi and Mohammed Zazi are scheduled to appear in federal court in Colorado on Monday . Afzali is scheduled to make his initial court appearance in New York on Monday . Earlier on Saturday , Najibullah Zazi , who had been questioned for the past three days by federal investigators , declined to attend a fourth day of interviews . Watch why authorities want to talk with Zazi " Zazi has admitted to having ties to al Qaeda , an administration official familiar with the matter told CNN on Friday . Folsom denied the allegations Friday night and said Zazi did not admit to having ties to the terror group . He also said the FBI has not made an offer . "  He never admitted going to a terrorist training camp , " Folsom told CNN affiliate KUSA in Denver . "  Some of the information in news reports was not true , " Folsom said . "  There have been no plea negotiations ... they  FBI  have n't made any offer . " Zazi also told The Denver Post on Saturday that he has not admitted any ties to the terrorist group . He also denied taking part in insurgency training in Pakistan or involvement in a terror plot . "  It 's not true , " Zazi said in a phone interview with the newspaper . "  I have nothing to hide . It 's all media publications reporting whatever they want . They have been reporting all this nonsense . " He said he lived in Pakistan before moving to New York as a teenager . While in Pakistan , he said , he spends a lot of time with his wife . "  I was there  at her house  the whole time , " Zazi said . The alleged terrorist plot , which came to light this week after raids in New York , may have involved a major transportation center , like a large railroad or subway station , sources close to the investigation told CNN on Thursday . There were plans for an attack , presumably in the New York area , where crowds are large and security screening for nonairport travelers is lax , the sources said . Two sources familiar with the investigation said that Zazi had video of New York 's Grand Central Terminal , a massive junction of rail and subway lines , as well as shops and restaurants , which see an average of more than a half million visitors per day . A former counterterrorism official said backpacks , computers and maps were found during searches in the New York City borough of Queens , and field tests turned up positive for explosives . But such tests often yield false positives , and the former official was unaware whether more definitive test results had been obtained . On Wednesday , federal agents searched Zazi 's apartment in Denver and another home in a Denver suburb in connection with the investigation . A law enforcement official told CNN that diagrams showing how to make bombs were found on the computer that Zazi had with him when he was stopped in New York during a recent visit , but Folsom has denied those allegations .	Najibullah Zazi taken into custody late Saturday Zazi is charged with making false statements to FBI Zazi had been questioned about alleged terror plot in United States Zazi 's father , New York man also arrested in ongoing terror investigation
EW.com  -- "  Fancy Nancy " is putting together an appropriately fancy line-up of talent as she makes her way to the big screen . "  Night at the Museum " and "  Real Steel " filmmaker Shawn Levy just signed on as producer , and now "  30 Rock 's " Tina Fey is in talks to help him bring the sparkly little girl to life , sources close to the project tell Entertainment Weekly . The homemade princess would undoubtedly be very pleased . For those not in the know , the "  Fancy Nancy " series of storybooks are about a little girl who likes to say "  bonjour " instead of "  hi , " is obsessed with extreme dress-up , and attempts to bedazzle the boring , plain world around her in a way that would make even Elton John go , ` Phh ... tacky . " Of course , even the most hardened cynics eventually warm to the elegant way she envisions the world . The books , written by Jane O'Connor and illustrated by Robin Preiss Glasser , were optioned this week by 20th Century Fox for 21 Laps Entertainment , Levy 's production company , and Fey is currently negotiating to join him as co-producer on the live-action feature . The two previously worked together when Levy directed her and Steve Carell in 2010â $ ² s "  Date Night . " Sources close to the talks say Fey , who wrote 2004â $ ² s "  Mean Girls , " would most likely remain behind the scenes , and is n't expected to take an acting role in the film . Since the character first appeared in 2005 , there have been at least 46 "  Fancy Nancy " books from publisher HarperCollins , with over 20 million in print , spawning a number of popular dolls and toys , and becoming a must-have birthday party theme for all the fanciest little girls . Levy and Fey , who each have daughters  he has four , she has two  , are probably well aware ... See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The "  Fancy Nancy " series are about a little girl who is obsessed with extreme dress-up The books were optioned this week by 20th Century Fox Tina Fey is currently negotiating to join Shawn Levy as co-producer
When Emperor Qin Shi Huang , the first emperor of China , anticipated his death more than 2,000 years ago , he wanted an army of warriors to guard his mausoleum forever and protect him in the afterlife . So he ordered the creation of some 8,000 terra-cotta soldiers , along with hundreds of terra-cotta horses and chariots , to be buried with him in his tomb . Historians speculate the soldiers were modeled after eight individuals . When the statues were discovered by workers digging a well in Xi'an , Shaanxi Province , in 1974 , the world was stunned by the spectacular funerary art and the legacy of the powerful emperor . Since then , it 's become a major tourist attraction and a World Heritage site . Now , these soldiers have a counterpart : female terra-cotta warriors . Prune Nourry , a Paris-born artist based in New York City , has created a small army of them . In "  Terracotta Daughters , " 116 are featured in an exhibition at the China Institute from September 10 through October 4 . The show 's U.S. premiere is presented by the French Institute Alliance Francaise and China Institute as part of FIAF 's Crossing the Line festival . The difference is these female terra-cotta warriors are not out to protect any emperor , but were created to bring attention to the plight of girls in China . "  In China , there is a huge imbalance between boys and girls . I wanted to highlight the issue of gender preference , " said Nourry . "  I needed a strong cultural symbol to base this project on , and a universal one that would speak both to Chinese villagers in the countryside and to citizens abroad . " And , in a striking parallel to the terra-cotta soldiers , the terra-cotta girls will also become an archaeological project . After the exhibition , they will be buried in China until 2030 , the year that , according to Chinese sociologists , men will have the hardest time finding a wife because of the skewed gender ratio . The imbalance of the sexes is a serious problem for the Chinese . A 2010 census indicates there are at least 34 million more men than women . Due to the one-child policy and traditional preference for boys , as well as sex-selective technologies , China will have a huge surplus of men , which presents daunting demographic challenges for the world 's most populous country . Perhaps for those reasons , Nourry did n't encounter difficulties with the Chinese government in pursuing this project in China . She started working on the terra-cotta statues two years ago after finishing an installation in India that also explored gender bias . In deciding on the size of the female army , Nourry chose the number eight because of its auspiciousness in Chinese culture . She created the first eight statues modeled after eight girls whom she met through an orphan charity in China . Then , working with local craftsmen in Xi'an , 108 permutations of statues were made based Nourry 's original eight statues by combining the different heads , torsos and legs . "  For Xian Feng , the main craftsman I worked with in China , my project seemed at first impossible since women ` ca n't be soldiers . ' But after we began the project , he changed his view and even turned one of the 108 combinations into a portrait of his own daughter , " said Nourry . The local craftsmen of Xi'an are used to making copies of the terra-cotta warriors which are sold primarily to tourists . When Nourry asked them to give their artistic interpretation in sculpting the female statues , they were initially tentative . Over time , they lost their hesitancy and gave each statue unique faces . No two statues have the same features . Each terra-cotta warrior girl stands nearly 5 feet tall and weighs about 260 pounds . Their hairstyles are contemporary , as are their uniform , which is modeled after the orphan girls ' school attire . Unlike the male warriors , they look approachable , friendly and even charming . "  It was a very enriching collaboration , based on exchange and mutual respect , " said Nourry . Her favorite moment was when the eight girls saw the terra-cotta statues of themselves and were delighted . Part of the proceeds from the sale of the eight original statues will pay for the cost of the eight girls ' education for three years . "  Terracotta Daughters " is impressive in its artistic craftsmanship and social statement . It 's a refreshing reinterpretation of one of China 's national symbols . With these modern female warriors , Prune raises the pressing issue of gender discrimination without pointing fingers at anyone or anything . One looks at these amazing terra-cotta statues and feel compelled to ask -- why are n't there more of them ? And why are n't there more girls in China ?	Artist Prune Nourry 's show , "  Terracotta Daughters , " opens in New York on Wednesday Creating female terra-cotta warriors is a way to address the issue of gender imbalance Due to cultural preference for boys , China will have a big surplus of men , which is a problem Nourry worked with local craftsmen in China to make each female terra-cotta statue unique
Washington  CNN  -- Michael Scanlon , a former close business associate of now-disgraced ex-lobbyist Jack Abramoff , was sentenced to 20 months in prison Friday . A federal judge in Washington also sentenced Scanlon to serve three years of supervised release following the prison term after he entered a guilty plea in which he admitted to participating in a bribery and fraud conspiracy . Judge Ellen Huvelle also ordered Scanlon to pay more than $ 20 million to victims of his scheme to defraud four Native American tribes . Scanlon represented tribes from Mississippi , Louisiana , Texas and Michigan who were interested in obtaining or keeping gaming licenses to operate casinos on Indian lands . Abramoff recommended Scanlon to the tribes to serve as their lobbyist . In turn , Scanlon admits , he charged the tribes a total of $ 40 million and secretly kicked back $ 20 million to Abramoff , according to the Justice Department . The court did not indicate when Scanlon , now 40 , will begin serving his sentence or be required to begin reimbursing his victims . He also was sentenced to perform 300 hours of community service . The Abramoff investigation eventually netted a total of 20 lobbyists and public officials who pleaded guilty or were convicted at trial . Rep. Robert Ney was the only member of Congress caught up in the scandal . He resigned and received a 30-month sentence in 2007 . Abramoff served four years of a six-year sentence in a federal prison camp in Maryland . After spending additional time in a Baltimore halfway house , Abramoff was released last December .	Michael Scanlon was a close business associate of Jack Abramoff He was convicted of giving Abramoff $ 20 million in kickback money He is one of 20 people who pleaded guilty or were convicted in the Abramoff probe
CNN  -- This could go either way . You 're reading this with a clear head and a satisfied feeling of having gotten a really good night 's rest . Or , you 're shaking your head and wondering why in the world you forgot to set your clock back and take advantage of that extra hour of sleep . That 's right . Daylight saving time is over , and clocks adjusted back an hour at 2 a.m. Sunday The change affects all those in the United States except for people in Hawaii and parts of Arizona who do not observe daylight saving time . The territories of Guam , Puerto Rico , U.S. Virgin Islands and American Samoa also do not recognize the change . For those who do change the digits on their clocks , the sun will seem to come up earlier in the morning and set earlier at night , compared with Saturday . Daylight saving time may bring health problems The idea for daylight saving came from legendary American inventor , statesman and founding father Ben Franklin , who , in a 1784 letter to a French journal , suggested that Parisians could save thousands of francs annually by waking up earlier in the summer so they would n't have to buy so many candles to light the evening hours . TIME : 8 ways to beat the winter blues The United States did n't adopt the practice until the 20th century -- for a brief time during World War I , again during World War II , and on a state-by-state basis in the years after the war . It became a national policy , with some tinkering , beginning in 1966 . Dozens of other countries now observe some form of daylight saving as well . The extra hour that people will get this weekend will only last so long . Americans will have to give it back by "  springing forward " -- and turning ahead their clock -- one hour on March 10 , 2013 .	At 2 a.m. Sunday , clocks reset for most Americans Devised by Benjamin Franklin , daylight saving took hold in the U.S. last century
U.N. Security Council members on Wednesday unanimously approved a resolution to address the "  growing threat " posed by foreign terrorist fighters , a measure that U.S. President Barack Obama applauded while insisting it "  must be matched and translated into action " to have any effect . "  Resolutions alone will not be enough , promises on paper can not keep us safe , lofty rhetoric and good intentions will not stop a single terrorist attack , " Obama said . If governments abide by the resolution and fully cooperate with one another , the world should become safer , the President said . But it wo n't be easy , especially given the potential of terrorism to spread beyond the Middle East : Obama noted U.S. intelligence estimates over 15,000 individuals from more than 80 nations have gone to fight in Syria , exacerbating the conflict there and raising the possibility they could "  come home " and carry out deadly attacks . "  If there was ever a challenge in our interconnected world that could not be met by one nation alone it is this : terrorists crossing borders and threatening to unleash unspeakable violence , " Obama said . The resolution passed Wednesday requires nations to "  suppress the recruiting , organizing , transporting , equipping " and financing of "  foreign terrorist fighters , " according to Obama . It also also calls on government to "  help build the capacity of the states on the front lines of the fight . " But it will take more than corralling groups like ISIS militarily to permanently address the threat , Obama said . "  Potential recruits must hear the words of former terrorist fighters who have seen the truth : that groups like ISIL betray Islam by killing innocent men , women and children , the majority of whom are Muslim , " the President said , using his administration 's favored term for ISIS . Obama also said the world must do better at addressing root problems -- from economic insecurity and political instability , including in Syria , where he called for "  a political solution " to the years-long civil war there -- that play a role in drawing some to join terrorist groups . "  We must work to address ... the oppression , the lack of opportunity , too often the hopelessness that can make some individuals susceptible to appeals of extremism and violence , " he said . Unanimous vote , but hints of possible issues After Obama 's roughly 10-minute remarks , other world leaders echoed his anti-terrorism views , from Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan 's blasting of groups like ISIS and Boko Haram 's "  despicable campaign against humanity " to South Korean President Park Geun-hye calling them the "  scourge of mankind . " "  Terrorism is nothing new . It 's been with us for years , " French President Francois Hollande said at the Security Council meeting . "  But it has taken on another dimension , and it wants to conquer territory now . " There are no "  easy answers or quick fixes " to addressing the terror threat in the Middle East , Africa and beyond , British Prime Minister David Cameron said . But something must be done , he added -- and for it to work , the world 's governments must be on the same page . "  We need a response that involves every part of government and society , and every country involved in the widest possible international coalition , " Cameron said . The fact countries like Britain and France are backing the United States is hardly surprising . But , as Obama said , what made Wednesday 's vote notable is that "  it is very rare where the United Nations achieves the kind of consensus that we see represented in this resolution . " In fact , officials from China and Russia -- two  of the five  Security Council permanent members who often stymy U.S. efforts at the United Nations , including those related to the Middle East -- assertively staked out anti-terrorist positions on Wednesday . In their words , though , there were hints of possible diplomatic obstacles down the road . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , for instance , warned "  against any attempt to narrow down the problem " to select groups , urging the world not to have "  double standards in dividing terrorists into good terrorist and bad terrorists . " He also said any efforts must "  address longstanding conflicts " like those between Palestinians and Israel . Meanwhile , Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi warned about "  terrorist organizations and extremist ideologies ... competing with us for future generations , " calling this "  a battle bearing on the future of the world . " The world must act , he agreed , but only with the United Nations ' stamp of approval . Wang did n't give examples , though the United States and several Arab allies recently launched military strikes against ISIS targets in Syria -- without the U.N. 's or Syria 's explicit approval . "  The United Nations and the Security Council have to play the leading role in the global war on terrorism , " the Chinese minister said . "  This is the only way to maintain unity , achieve effective coordination and take assertive action . " Obama : U.S. leading , but ca n't do it alone Before leading the Security Council meeting , Obama made a more far-reaching appeal earlier Wednesday for world cooperation against terror , climate change , Ebola and a host of other issues , saying the world stands at a crossroads "  between war and peace ; between disorder and integration ; between fear and hope . " Many of the world 's problems , the President said , stem from "  the failure of our international system to keep pace with an interconnected world . " The United States is taking a leading role in addressing many of these issues . "  I can promise you that the United States of America will not be distracted or deterred from what must be done , " he said . "  We are heirs to a proud legacy of freedom , and we are prepared to do what is necessary to secure that legacy for generations to come . " But , Obama said , America can not do it alone . The leaders of the nations gathered Wednesday must decide whether they "  will be able to renew the purpose of the U.N. 's founding , and whether we will come together to reject the cancer of violent extremism . " Obama outlined the U.S. government 's plan for tackling ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , including airstrikes , training and equipping forces battling the group , and working to cut off its financing and flow of recruits . But , as he 's said many times before , American ground troops wo n't be part of the fight . "  Already , over 40 nations have offered to join this coalition . Today , I ask the world to join in this effort , " the President said . Those who have joined ISIS "  should leave the battlefield while they can . " How Obama came to launch strikes in Syria Touches on Ebola , Ukraine , other topics While terrorism dominated Wednesday 's conversation , it was n't the only topic that Obama addressed in his General Assembly speech . Among them : Ukraine : Russia 's involvement in Ukraine represents "  a vision of the world in which might makes right -- a world in which one nation 's borders can be redrawn by another , and civilized people are not allowed to recover the remains of their loved ones because of the truth that might be revealed , " Obama said , referring to efforts to recover the remains of victims of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , shot down over Ukraine in July . If Russia rolls back its involvement , the United States "  will lift our sanctions and welcome Russia 's role in addressing common challenges , " Obama said . Ebola : While the United States is sending medical workers and the military to build treatment centers in Africa , the President called for a "  broader effort to stop a disease that could kill hundreds of thousands , inflict horrific suffering , destabilize economies , and move rapidly across borders . " Iran 's nuclear program : Obama urged Iranian leaders to work with the United States and others to resolve Western concerns over the country 's nuclear program . "  We can reach a solution that meets your energy needs while assuring the world that your program is peaceful , " he said . Global poverty : "  We will do our part -- to help people feed themselves ; power their economies ; and care for their sick , " he said . "  If the world acts together , we can make sure that all of our children can enjoy lives of opportunity and dignity . " Climate change : The United States will work on the issue within its own borders , but "  we can only succeed in combating climate change if we are joined in this effort by every major power , " Obama said . "  That 's how we can protect this planet for our children and grandchildren . " Syria : Even as it provides even more support -- including militarily -- to moderate opposition forces battling President Bashar al-Assad 's government , Obama said that "  the only lasting solution to Syria 's civil war is political : an inclusive political transition that responds to the legitimate aspirations of all Syrian citizens , regardless of ethnicity or creed . " Kerry : Fight against ISIS goes on	World leaders echo President Obama 's anti-terrorism views at U.N. meeting Britain 's prime minister calls for the "  widest possible international coalition " Russia warns of "  double standards " ; China calls for the U.N. to take the lead Obama : U.S. "  will not be distracted or deterred from what must be done "
CNN  -- The Chinese city of Wuhan produced Asia 's first grand slam singles champion in Li Na and now the region is to be rewarded with its own WTA Tour event for 2014 . Li made history by winning the 2011 French Open , and the world No. 6 's hometown fans will have the chance to see their hero up close when the premier women 's tennis circuit visits Wuhan -- a city of 10 million people in western China -- in September next year . "  It 's a special city for me , " the 30-year-old Li told the WTA Tour 's official website . "  I was born there and grew up there . "  If my good friends on the Tour come to Wuhan , I will show how good the food they have is . And maybe they 'll eat it first and then wo n't be able to move on the court ! " However , the Wuhan event is bad news for the Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo , Japan , celebrating its 30th edition this year , which will exit the calendar to make room for what will be a fifth Chinese tournament in 2014 . The WTA also announced Thursday the total prize fund available on the Tour outside of the four grand slams has risen to $ 58.7 million in 2013 from $ 53.3 million in 2012 . With the 2014 soccer World Cup and the 2016 Olympic Games to be staged in Brazil , the South American 's growing sporting prominence has been recognized with the addition of a second Brazilian tournament in Florianopolis for 2014 , adding to an event which will debut in Rio de Janiero this year . "  We are excited by the growth of women 's professional tennis , particularly in key markets like China and Brazil , " WTA chairwoman and CEO Stacey Allaster said in a statement highlighting the growing importance of the economies of Brazil , Russia , India and China  BRIC  . "  Development in the BRIC markets , led by China , has been a strategic priority for the past several years , " added Allaster . "  We look forward to continued strengthening of our global brand , developing our sport , and building our fan base worldwide . " The 2013 calendar sees the circuit return to Poland -- home of world No. 4 Agnieszka Radwanska -- for the first time since 2010 . Events in Katowice and Krakow will contribute to a total of 54 events in 33 countries in 2013 . Meanwhile back on court , Radwanska continued her preparations for next week 's Australian Open by reaching the final of the Sydney International event . In a semifinal battle between two women who had enjoyed perfect starts to 2013 , Radwanska blotted Li 's record with a 6-3 6-4 victory on Thursday . Radwanska , seeded fourth for the year 's first grand slam , continued a run which led her to victory at another warmup event in Auckland , New Zealand last week . Sixth seed Li , who came into the Sydney tournament off the back of victory in Shenzhen , China , made Wimbledon runnerup Radwanska work for her triumph , saving an incredible seven match points before finally being beaten after one hour and 32 minutes . "  It was kind of like deja vu from the Auckland final -- there I think I also had seven or eight match points before I won , " said the 23-year-old Radwanska after her win over an opponent who had beaten her on three occasions last year . "  My nerves were good , though , " added the Pole . "  I had lost a couple of times against her last year , so I just went on the court pretty relaxed . The wind was a little bit difficult , especially in the first set -- a lot of framing . But the second set went much better . " Radwanska will face the tournament 's surprise package Dominika Cibulkova in the final after the Czech world No. 15 beat German second seed Angelique Kerber 6-2 4-6 6-3 . Cibulkova has also registered victories over 2011 Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova and 2012 French Open finalist Sara Errani at the Sydney event .	The WTA Tour will hold a 2014 tournament in Li Na 's hometown of Wuhan , China Li made history by becoming Asia 's first grand slam singles champion The Tour continues to expand in the world 's emerging markets Total prize fund on the Tour , excluding grand slams , increases to $ 58.7 m for 2013
Washington The shooting death of a former Navy SEAL , who spent his post-military career advocating for veterans suffering from post traumatic stress disorder , highlights long-standing differences over gun rights and mental health . Chris Kyle , the author of the best-selling "  American Sniper , " and Chad Littlefield , 35 , Kyle 's friend , were gunned down on Saturday while shooting for fun at a Texas gun range , law enforcement officials said . Eddie Ray Routh , 25 , a former Marine who told police last year he was suffering from post traumatic stress , was held on a capital murder warrant , authorities said . Shay Isham , a lawyer appointed to represent him , said his client spent roughly the past two years in and out in Veteran Affairs medical facilities for treatment of mental issues . Authorities said Kyle , 38 , often took veterans with post traumatic stress to the gun range as a way of bonding with and mentoring them . Erath County Sheriff Tommy Bryant said Routh served in the Marines for four years , but it was unclear how much of that time , if any , was spent in combat zones . Kyle and LIttlefield , friends and associates , arrived with Routh at the sprawling range southwest of Fort Worth together , police said . The suspect was "  a troubled veteran whom they were trying to help , " said Craft International , a company founded by Kyle after retiring from the Navy in 2009 . Ex-Navy sniper , another military vet killed at Texas gun range "  Chris Kyle 's death seems to confirm that ` he who lives by the sword dies by the sword . ' Treating PTSD at a gun range does n't make sense , " former Texas Republican Rep. Ron Paul tweeted on Monday . But what seems like common sense to some is viewed by others as another assault on the Second Amendment . Those types of concerns are what prompted a heated debate last December as lawmakers worked to approve a defense policy bill . Republican Sen. Tom Coburn pushed and then backed away from an amendment to block the Department of Veteran Affairs from automatically entering the names of veterans deemed "  mentally incompetent " to handle their finances from having their names entered into a national background check system , thereby blocking them from gun ownership . Instead , the Oklahoma physician wanted those case decided by a judge rather than a federal agency unless those veterans had been "  found by a judicial authority to be a danger to themselves or to others . " "  We 're not asking for anything big , " Coburn said at the time . "  We 're just saying that if you 're going to take away the Second Amendment rights -- they ought to have it adjudicated , rather than mandated by someone who 's unqualified to state that they should lose their rights . " New York Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer pushed back argued that "  you should not have a gun " whether "  you are a veteran or not and you have been judged to be mentally infirm . " National Rifle Association President David Keene said at a recent media event that his organization supports reforms that would make it tougher for mentally ill people to get guns . How the violent mentally ill can buy guns Federal law makes it illegal to sell or give a firearm to anyone who "  has been adjudicated as a mental defective or has been committed to any mental institution . " Statistics from the FBI 's National Instant Criminal Background Check System  NICS  show about 1 percent of applicants who failed a background check over the past 14 years , or 10,180 people , were turned down for reasons related to mental health . Overall rejections represented a fraction of prospective gun sales and most involved applicants with criminal records . Federally licensed gun shops must use the National Instant Criminal Background Check System , or NICS . Private sellers and gun shows have no background check requirement . But information in the national background check system is incomplete , particularly involving mental health records , investigations have found . Critics blame what they call a huge legal loophole , according to one study . "  PTSD is rarely associated with homicidal violence , " Michael Welner , a forensic psychiatrist who has worked on cases of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans charged with violent crimes , told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien . "  PTSD is very commonly associated with a number of other conditions that are regularly attached to violence , alcoholism , personality disorder , depression . So diagnostically , PTSD may be relevant and it may just be part of the picture , including traumatic brain injury , " Welner said . Expanding some background checks is under consideration in Congress as lawmakers respond to public and political pressure for stricter laws following December 's shooting massacre at a Connecticut elementary school . Possible steps include better monitoring of people with mental illness to prevent them from obtaining firearms . Mayors Against Illegal Guns aired an ad during the Super Bowl advocating universal background checks for gun sales . President Barack Obama also reiterated his call on Monday for comprehensive steps to address gun violence , including expanded background checks . Correction : Earlier versions of this report incorrectly described the military background of Chad Littlefield , who was killed with Chris Kyle . Littlefield was not a veteran . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Joe Johns , Jen Christensen and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Former Navy SEAL who was shot and killed helped veterans with stress disorder Killing in Texas raises new questions about mental health amid gun debate in Washington Suspect , a veteran , told police last year he was suffering from post traumatic stress Plans in Congress weigh expanding background checks , Obama calls for action on guns
CNN  -- Tunisian prosecutors say they 'll seek a death sentence for former President Zine El Abedine Ben Ali , now charged in absentia with ordering the killings of anti-government demonstrators . Ben Ali has remained in exile in Saudi Arabia since the January 2011 uprising that forced him from office . He is being tried in absentia in the deaths of dozens of anti-government protesters during the revolt , and the state news agency Tunis Afrique Presse reported Wednesday that prosecutors asked a court to impose a death sentence in his case . In addition , the prosecutor 's office said former Interior Minister Rafik Kacem and dozens of other former officials now awaiting a military court 's verdict should get the "  maximum " sentence short of death , according to TAP . Ben Ali already has been convicted in absentia and sentenced to five years in prison for his role in a 1991 case in which 17 servicemen were accused of plotting a coup against his regime . Tunisia 's revolt touched off the Arab Spring movements in several other countries that ultimately toppled three other longtime Arab rulers . One of those , former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , also faces a possible death sentence on charges he ordered police to fire on demonstrators who demanded his ouster , but lawyers familiar with the case have said it was unlikely the ailing Mubarak would have to face the gallows . Journalist Houda Zaghdoudi contributed to this report for CNN .	Ben Ali has been in exile in Saudi Arabia since his overthrow He is being tried in absentia on charges he ordered police to fire on demonstrators Several former officials in his government are awaiting a military court 's verdict
New York  CNN  -- Bill Clinton addressed a number of crime and justice issues during a sweeping talk with CNN on Wednesday , including taking on the National Rifle Association and its pro-gun policy . The former president , in a conversation with CNN 's Erin Burnett at the Clinton Global Initiative meeting in New York , lumped together the NRA , stand your ground laws , and people surrounding themselves only with those who agree with them as problems that lead to a more violent climate in the United States . Obama 's Syrian airstrikes get Bill Clinton 's approval Clinton , however , rejected the idea that several high-profile cases with apparent racial undertones mean the U.S. is more racist than it was in the past . "  I think we have enhanced the risks by changing the environment , basically , because it seems we bought the NRA 's theory that we would all be safer if everybody in this audience had a gun that was a concealed weapon , " Clinton said . "  Then if one of them felt threatened by another , they could stand up right here and stand their ground . And we could watch the whole saga unfold . That is what happens . " NRA focuses on three major Senate races During the 2013 trial of George Zimmerman , who shot and killed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in Florida , the NRA stridently advocated to maintain stand your ground laws that allow people to respond with force to would-be attackers . A jury acquitted Zimmerman of second-degree murder and manslaughter charges in Martin 's death in 2013 . The case captured the nation 's attention and raised a number of question about race . The Zimmerman trial was n't the only case involving race that Clinton addressed on Wednesday . Clinton pointed out that the more recent shooting of an unarmed teen in Ferguson , Missouri , ignited similar concerns about race and the law . Overnight on Wednesday the city broke into protests again over the shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown by Officer Darren Wilson . Wilson has not been arrested , but a grand jury in Missouri has taken the Brown case . After weeks of calm , Ferguson erupts again over burned memorial Clinton said one of the primary problems in Ferguson was that the city 's police force and political leadership did not reflect the population . "  You ca n't have a community that is more than two-thirds African-American where only one in six city council people are African-American and only three out of 60-plus police are African-American , " Clinton said . "  You 've got to have some effort to have ties to the community . " Although Clinton said that while cases like Zimmerman and Ferguson do not mean the country is becoming more racist , he did express concern that the country is "  playing with -LSB- racism 's -RSB- darker possibilities . " "  I actually think we 're less racist , less sexist , less homophobic than we used to be , " Clinton said . "  I think our big problem today is we do n't want to be around anybody who disagrees with us . And I think that in some ways can be the worst silo of all to be held up in . " The former president later added , "  I think whenever people are insecure , they tend to return to home base psychologically . We tend to want to be with our own , however we define that . ... I think that 's what is really at the root of many of our problems today . "	Bill Clinton says the U.S. is at risk for more violence in part because of NRA policies The NRA , he says , believes the public is safer if more people have guns Stand your ground laws are also risky , he says The former president was speaking to CNN 's Erin Burnett in New York
The U.S. Coast Guard on Thursday found an additional two bodies of crew members missing after a helicopter crash in Alabama 's Mobile Bay . Rescuers have now found a total three bodies from the Tuesday crash , and have suspended the extensive search even though one other person was still missing , the Coast Guard said . "  The decision to suspend the active search was terribly difficult , " said Capt. Donald J. Rose , a Coast Guard commander . "  We saturated 95 % of Mobile Bay for nearly two days with both aircraft and boats to thoroughly cover the search area . Now , we must shift our focus to continuing salvage and recovery operations . As we continue to recover wreckage , we will look for the missing crewman . " The helicopter , an MH-65C , crashed Tuesday night while on a mission from the Aviation Training Center at Mobile Regional Airport , a statement from the Coast Guard said . The cause of the crash is under investigation , the Coast Guard said .	The crash took place Tuesday night The Coast Guard says it will suspend its search "  The decision to suspend the active search was terribly difficult , " an official says One other person is still missing
CNN  -- Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder 's stunning decision to sign a right-to-work law poses the question : Are these anti-union statutes , which make illegal any union contract that requires union membership or payment of dues a condition of employment , the future ? During the last two years Indiana and Wisconsin have also passed laws that curb union strength and slash dues income . "  If Michigan can do it , then I think everybody ought to think about it , " asserts Mark Mix , president of the National Right to Work Legal Defense Foundation . Mix listed Alaska , Missouri , Montana and Pennsylvania , where Republicans enjoy large majorities in state legislatures , among the top contenders . The potential spread of right-to-work laws in the North , even in states where voters heavily favored President Obama for a second term , is a startling and ominous development . For decades , right-to-work laws were confined to the South or Mountain West , heavily agricultural states where new unions born during the Depression era evoked , among many employers and conservative politicians , the specter of Communism , race-mixing or both . These laws were almost all enacted in the years after the 1947 Congressional passage of the Taft-Hartley Act , which gave states the right to make illegal any collective bargaining contract that mandated union membership as a condition of employment . Opponents of unionism hailed these laws as insuring a "  right-to-work " because they encouraged workers to take a job , even one where the wages and working conditions had been negotiated by a union , without paying the dues necessary to sustain the labor organization . To note that employers encouraged such free-loading would be an understatement . Then and now they denounced "  compulsory unionism " and the "  labor bosses " who sought to live high on the hog on member dues . In this imagining , it was the union , not the employer , who oppressed the workers . Opinion : A victory for right-to-work laws In 1958 , right-to-work advocates thought the time was ripe to invade the North . A sharp recession in the late 1950s had sapped union strength at the same moment that the Senate 's McClellan Labor Rackets Committee investigation had uncovered unsavory links between Jimmy Hoffa , the Teamsters , and organized crime . Urged on by conservative Republican Sen. Barry Goldwater and financed by a newly created National Right to Work Committee , these anti-union activists put right to work referenda on the ballots of California , Ohio , Washington , Kansas , Idaho and Colorado . But with the exception of Kansas , all these initiatives went down in overwhelming defeat . That was not only because labor was still a powerful force -- in Ohio union density , the proportion of all workers in a union , stood at nearly 40 % -- but also because the Democrats linked their fortunes to the labor movement and to the fight against right to work . As Pat Brown , the California gubernatorial candidate put it , right to work represented "  a return to the ugly and destructive law of the economic jungle . " The battle for the votes of African-Americans constituted one of the most remarkable features of these referenda . Right-to-work advocates pointed out , often quite accurately , that many American trade unions failed to adequately represent their minority members . If unions were weaker , minority workers might well get better jobs and promotions . But in Ohio and California especially that argument failed to persuade . The NAACP distributed a pamphlet entitled "  Keep Mississippi Out of California , " but even without this kind of propaganda most African-Americans and Latinos knew that an imperfect union was a better friend that a non-union employer whose power and prejudices ruled the workplace unchecked by any countervailing institution . Today , right-to-work forces are once again making a push to eviscerate unionism in its heartland . Thanks to Citizens United they have unlimited money . Thanks to globalization , slow growth , and corporate attacks , trade unionism is far weaker than in 1958 . In Ohio union density stands at 13.4 % , in Pennsylvania 14.6 % , in Michigan , birth state of the once powerful United Automobile Workers , just 17.5 % , a disastrous drop since the industrial union heyday in the 1950s . To staunch this anti-union assault , the Democrats have to make the defense of union rights and power a central , organic component of their message to American voters , office holders and workers -- both white collar and blue . Although Democratic legislators in Wisconsin , Michigan and Ohio have bravely fought the Republican right on this issue , President Obama has been notably missing from the action . Obama denounced "  right to work for less " in a post-election speech at a factory outside Detroit , but he was almost entirely silent on the issue both during the demonstrations that convulsed Madison , Wisconsin , in the winter of 2011 , during the effort to recall Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker in the spring of the next year , and throughout the presidential campaign itself . Obama and his advisers undoubtedly thought that if they wanted to win right-to-work states like Virginia and Florida , they better keep quite about union rights in the North . But this was and is an exceedingly shortsighted and self defeating calculation . Trade unions stand at the core of the Democratic coalition . They are the last organizations remaining on the liberal side that can effectively appeal to white , working-class men in the Rust Belt swing states . Without the union organization and mobilization of blue collar Latinos in California , Nevada , and New Mexico those states would be almost as red as Texas . When Obama declared his support for gay marriage , he helped consolidate a growing national consensus in favor of that right . The president and other national Democrats need to use the same bully pulpit to defend trade unionism in its hour of need , not only because their destruction threatens the living standards of our working middle class , but because these institutions are the living embodiment of democracy , interracial solidarity and personal dignity in the world of work . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nelson Lichtenstein .	Nelson Lichtenstein : Will more states pass right-to-work laws like Michigan ? Lichtenstein : The potential spread of the laws in the North is startling and ominous He says opponents try to paint the union , not the employer , as oppressors of workers Lichtenstein : President Obama need to defend trade unionism in its hour of need
CNN  -- Romances come and go , but many a gourmand is in it for life with that addictive cocoa concoction , chocolate . Luxury Paris chocolate tour participants are likely to taste sweets from chocolatiers such as Jean-Charles Rochoux . And the love affair is no secret . From Paris to San Francisco , chocolate tours are connecting visitors with delectable treats and insider information about what goes into crafting irresistible sweets . So cave in to your cravings , take a tour and learn a thing or two about chocolate along the way . San Francisco Gourmet Chocolate Tour Chocoholics on this Gourmet Walks tour are likely to sample unusual infusions -- such as star anise and pink peppercorn chocolate -- at Recchiuti Confections , a small shop in San Francisco 's Ferry Building showcasing exquisite hand-crafted confections . Tour stops also include a shop that carries more than 225 chocolate bars from 15 countries and a visit to Scharffen Berger for a taste of their 70 percent bar , billed by the founders as the "  perfect chocolate bar . " Gourmet Walks founder Andrea Nadel says it 's best to taste on an empty stomach , using bread or crackers as a palate cleanser . Another tip : Do n't store chocolate in the refrigerator or close to foods like onions or garlic . Standard tours are offered three times a week ; tickets are $ 49 . Additional tours will be available Valentine 's Day weekend , including a Chocolate for Lovers package for $ 150 per couple , which includes T-shirts , a bottle of port and Chocolove bars . Boston Chocolate Trolley Tour The first stop on this three-hour Old Town Trolley Tour has visitors perched 52 floors up at Top of the Hub in the Prudential Center for a decadent chocolate dessert and sweeping views of the city . The tour also stops at the Omni Parker House Hotel , home of the Boston cream pie . After sampling the pie , chocoholics buckle down at the chocolate bar buffet at the Langham Hotel . Tours are conducted on Saturdays . Tickets are $ 80 . Chicago Chocolate Tours Chicago Chocolate Tours offers tasting trails in the Loop , Magnificent Mile and Andersonville neighborhoods . Started by Harvard grad Valerie Beck , "  who used to practice law and is now happy , " the tours will provide guests with nuggets about the history and health benefits of chocolate , as well as more treats than most people can finish , according to its Web site . On February 13 , a special Chocolate and Champagne Girls ' Night Out  $ 50  includes visits to three sweet shops , a goody bag and a champagne toast at the Signature Room , which overlooks the city from the towering John Hancock Building . Regular tours are available every Friday , Saturday and Sunday . Standard tour tickets are $ 40 each . New York Chocolate Tours From the Upper East Side 's exclusive international labels to SoHo 's new wave chocolatiers , this outfit offers a taste of heaven to the sophisticated chocoholic . The three-hour Union Square tour melds the history and culture of the area with chocolate , pastry and wine pairings . Tours are offered Fridays , Saturdays and Sundays . Upper East Side and SoHo tours are $ 70 ; the chocolate and wine tour is $ 80 . Paris Chocolate Adventure This weeklong gourmet adventure , hosted by chocolate experts David Lebovitz  "  The Great Book of Chocolate "  and Mort Rosenblum  "  Chocolate : A Bittersweet Saga of Light and Dark "  is a serious caloric and monetary splurge . The package , including six nights in a deluxe four-star hotel with breakfast , plus four lunches , five dinners with wine and all events and transportation , runs 3,295 euros  $ 4,200  per person for an April 26 to May 2 stay . The trip , limited to nine guests , is offered each year in May . This year , the organizers added the April departure . A private tasting at La Maison du Chocolat , visits to local markets , lunches and dinners at Lebovitz and Rosenblum 's favorite Parisian bistros and a delicious cruise aboard Rosenblum 's houseboat on the Seine are among the week 's activities .	San Francisco chocolate walking tours are offered three times a week Tickets for New York chocolate tours run $ 70 to $ 80 A luxury Paris tour takes visitors on a weeklong chocolate adventure
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Coalition forces found 26 bodies buried in mass graves and a bloodstained "  torture complex , " with chains hanging from walls and ceilings and a bed connected to an electrical system , the military said Wednesday . Twenty-six bodies were found in mass graves near a "  torture complex " discovered by coalition forces . The troops made the discovery while conducting an operation north of Muqdadiya , Iraq . From December 8 to 11 , the troops who found the complex also killed 24 people they said were terrorists and detained 37 suspects , according to a statement issued by Multinational Division North at Camp Speicher in Tikrit . The moves were part of an operation called Iron Reaper that has been in progress across northern Iraq for the past few weeks . The complex was in an area thought to be an al Qaeda in Iraq haven and operating base , the military said . Iraqis had told the military about the site during an earlier operation . "  Evidence of murder , torture and intimidation against local villagers was found throughout the area , " the military statement said . Ground forces first found what appeared to be a detention facility , which was one of three connected to the torture complex , Multinational Division North said . One of the facilities appeared to have been a headquarters building and a torture facility , it added . As the area was cleared , the bodies were found . Eventually , 26 bodies were uncovered in mass graves next to what were thought to be execution sites , the military said . The bodies are believed to have been dead between six and eight months , according to a gruesome military video shot at the scene . Some had their hands tied behind their backs . Identification is proving to be a challenge because of advanced decomposition . Photos given to the news media show a filthy bed wired to an electrical system , with an outlet hanging from wires on the wall . In the video , troops point out rubber hoses and boxing gloves , a ski mask and a blood-covered sword and knives . Other still photos show an entrance to the underground bunker and barbed wire stretched outside it . A short distance away from the complex , troops found a bullet-riddled Iraqi police vehicle . Some of the bodies may belong to Iraqi police , according to the military video . The operation netted nine weapons caches , which have been destroyed , the military said . They included anti-aircraft weapons , sniper rifles , more than 65 machine guns and pistols , 50 grenades and a surface-to-air missile launcher and platform , the statement said . Also found were mines , pipe bombs , rocket-propelled grenades , mortar tubes and rounds and 130 pounds of homemade explosives . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Military says some of the 26 bodies may belong to Iraqi police Complex believed to be an al Qaeda in Iraq haven Coalition forces say they made the discovery during operations in northern Iraq Military : Evidence of torture and murder against local villagers found
CNN Student News  -- February 15 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day Could there be a role for drones in news reporting ? Why might this be controversial ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF of this Newsquiz . 1 . Who recently announced that he would resign from his position as head of the Roman Catholic Church ? * * 2 . Whose birthday does the U.S. federal government recognize on Presidents ' Day ? * * 3 . What Christian religious observance starts on Ash Wednesday and ends on Easter ? * * 4 . In what body of water did a cruise ship lose power , drifting with more than 4,000 people aboard ? * * 5 . What medal did U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Clint Romesha receive for his actions in Afghanistan ? * * 6 . What annual speech did President Obama deliver to Congress on Tuesday night ? * * 7 . Which of these words relates to vibrations in the earth : barometric , seismic , or antediluvian ? * * 8 . Which nation 's nuclear test on Tuesday was condemned by world leaders ? * * 9 . What kind of animal is an affenpinscher ? * * 10 . What Republican senator gave his party 's response to the State of the Union address ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- As you celebrate the holidays with family , friends and those adorable companion animals known as pets , you should be thrilled to learn that the distant cousins of your pets have just won a historic victory . West Hollywood , California , recently passed a first-in-the-nation ban on the sale of fur within its city limits , effective in 2013 . West Hollywood City Council member John D'Amico , who spearheaded the ordinance , told me , "  We did n't want to be a city that supported the raising of animals to be killed just for fashion . " Well put . If you would n't want somebody skinning your dog or cat for their fur , then why would you allow the same horror to befall other equally sentient beings ? The raccoons , foxes , beavers , chinchillas , minks , rabbits , and yes , sometimes even dogs and cats that are killed for fur are not very different from your beloved dog or cat . They all have eyes , ears and hearts . They all experience pain when they are physically maimed . They shake with fear when they experience terror . "  I am just so baffled by this . This is pure politics at its worst , " the executive director of the Fur Information Council , Keith Kaplan , said . But there 's nothing to be baffled about . Historically , the exploitation of animals is driven by the desire for profit . And throughout history , the most predictable argument against progress toward civility is that change is going to cost us money . Opponents claim nearly half of the 200 apparel stores in town sell at least some fur items . But the law does n't go into effect for nearly two years . D'Amico says that 's plenty of time for stores to cycle out their fur inventory . They can either sell it off fast or -- better yet -- donate it to People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals . PETA in turn gives the furs away to the homeless . The councilman told me he believed the ban will ultimately bring West Hollywood much more business than it will lose . He is working to develop a "  fur-free shopping day , " he said , and a yearly fur-free event , leading up to the time when the ban kicks in . He also plans to leverage the global attention that the fur ban has garnered to draw sympathetic shoppers to West Hollywood . There are obviously cruelty-free alternatives to fur that are very functional and warm the body even more than fur . Those can be , and are , sold for profit . Some wonder , well , if you take the anti-fur argument to its logical conclusion , is banning the sale of leather next ? D'Amico responds , "  Incremental thinking about the way we are in the world is important and has always been important and this is an example of it . " Unfortunately , fur is still flying off the racks . It 's a billion dollar industry . To those who say , "  I love animals , but -- " I say , check out the facts . Do you even have the stomach to watch a minute or two of these innocent creatures -- who have done nothing to humans -- trying to bite off their own legs because they 're stuck in excruciatingly painful leg hold traps ? Or how about watching the electrocution of fur-bearing animals on so-called fur farms ? I 've seen both . As an animal rights activist , I 've supported the documentary "  Skin Trade , " which shows it all . The images haunt me , particularly when I see women head to toe in fur . Irish statesman Edmund Burke said , "  All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing . " Well , the good people of West Hollywood have actually done something . They 've gone out of their way to fight for the most voiceless in our world -- animals . D'Amico hopes the state of California will one day follow suit and start turning the West Coast fur-free . But even though he knows of no other city that is considering a similar ban , he hopes -- as do I -- that West Hollywood 's action has sparked a collective re-examination of a practice that many believe has no place in the 21st century . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Velez-Mitchell .	Jane Velez-Mitchell says West Hollywood recently passed ban on selling furs in the city She says if you would be troubled by your own pet being skinned , you should reject furs She says shop owners in that city have nearly two years to find alternatives to selling fur Velez-Mitchell : The ban is an idea that should spread among civilized people
CNN  -- Arsenal were held to a frustrating goalless home draw by Sunderland in the English Premier League Saturday as they missed the chance to close to within a point of leaders Manchester United . Gunners manager Arsene Wenger was left fuming after late decisions went against his title-chasing team at the Emirates . Andrey Arshavin had the ball in the net , but it was ruled out for offside as TV replays showed the opposite . The Russian international was also pulled down by Titus Bramble as he closed on goal , but strong penalty appeals were turned away . "  It 's really disappointing and it 's very difficult to take a decision like that in a game of this importance , " Wenger told Sky Sports . "  We have to take it on the chin and continue to fight . But it 's absolutely disappointing and unacceptable , " added Wenger . Arsenal , who were surprisingly beaten in the English League Cup final Sunday , now face a testing trip to Barcelona for their Champions League second leg tie . They will be missing Theo Walcott and Robin van Persie and waiting on the fitness of captain Cesc Fabregas after their 2-1 win in the first leg . Young midfielder Jack Wilshere was also injured in the Sunderland draw and could also miss out on the trip to the Nou Camp . Manchester United , who still lead Arsenal by three points at the top , go to arch-rivals Liverpool Sunday . In the evening kickoff , Manchester City consolidated third spot , seven points behind United , with an unimpressive 1-0 home win over Wigan . David Silva scored the only goal just before halftime as his shot was fumbled by Wigan goalkeeper Ali Al Habsi . Wigan are bottom , four points from safety after only one win since Boxing Day . In other action Saturday , Birmingham came down to earth with a bump after their cup heroics as they were beaten 3-1 at home by fellow strugglers West Bromwich Albion and slip into the bottom three . Bolton came from behind twice and saw visitors Aston Villa miss a penalty before claiming a dramatic 3-2 win . Gary Cahill scored twice for Bolton with substitute Ivan Klasnic grabbing the winner . There was another five-goal thriller at Craven Cottage where Fulham beat Blackburn 3-2 after a late controversial penalty from Bobby Zamora . Everton beat Newcastle 2-1 at St James Park while West Ham 's revival continued with a 3-0 win over Stoke , their scoring rounded off by German international Thomas Hitzlsperger , who has been a big influence since returning from long-term injury . The victory lifts the Hammers out of the bottom three in a congested relegation battle .	Arsenal held 0-0 at home by Sunderland in a setback to their EPL title hopes Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger fumes at refereeing decisions Birmingham beaten 3-1 at home by fellow strugglers West Bromwich Albion West Ham pull out of relegation zone with 3-0 win over Stoke
CNN  -- Geraldine Ferraro defended her controversial comment that Sen. Barack Obama 's campaign was successful because he was black , telling an interviewer Tuesday that she was being attacked because she was white . Comments by former Rep. Geraldine Ferraro are drawing criticism from the Obama campaign . "  Any time anybody does anything that in any way pulls this campaign down and says , ` Let 's address reality and the problems we 're facing in this world , ' you 're accused of being racist , so you have to shut up , " she told the Daily Breeze of Torrance , California . "  Racism works in two different directions . I really think they 're attacking me because I 'm white . How 's that ? " In another interview Tuesday , she compared Obama 's situation to her own 24 years ago , when she was the first female candidate for vice president . She told a FOX News interviewer , "  I got up and the question was asked , ` Why do you think Barack Obama is in the place he is today " as the party 's delegate front-runner ? "  I said in large measure , because he is black . I said , Let me also say in 1984 -- and if I have said it once , I have said it 20 , 60 , 100 times -- in 1984 , if my name was Gerard Ferraro instead of Geraldine Ferraro , I would never have been the nominee for vice president , " she said . In her first interview with Daily Breeze , published late last week , Ferraro said , "  If Obama was a white man , he would not be in this position . And if he was a woman , he would not be in this position . He happens to be very lucky to be who he is . And the country is caught up in the concept . " She also said Hillary Clinton had been the victim of a "  sexist media . " Obama himself has called the comments "  patently absurd . " "  I do n't think Geraldine Ferraro 's comments have any place in our politics or in the Democratic Party . They are divisive , " he told the Allentown Morning Call . "  I think anybody who understands the history of this country knows they are patently absurd . And I would expect that the same way those comments do n't have a place in my campaign , they should n't have a place in Sen. Clinton 's , either , " he added . Earlier , Obama 's top strategist , David Axelrod , called for Clinton to sever ties with the former New York congresswoman , who serves on her campaign 's finance committee . "  When you wink and nod at offensive statements , you 're really sending a signal to your supporters that anything goes , " Axelrod said . Axelrod said the comment by Ferraro , coupled with Clinton 's "  own inexplicable unwillingness " to deny that Obama was a Muslim during a recent interview , was part of "  an insidious pattern that needs to be addressed . " Ferraro could not be reached for comment . Clinton told The Associated Press that she did not agree with Ferraro 's comments . "  It is regrettable that any of our supporters on both sides , because we 've both had that experience , say things that kind of veer off into the personal , " she said . "  We ought to keep this on the issues . There are differences between us . There are differences between our approaches on health care , on energy , on our experience , on our results that we 've produced for people . That 's what this campaign should be about . " The former congresswoman is the latest Clinton surrogate to launch a firestorm with comments that related to Obama 's heritage or ethnicity . Clinton 's husband , former President Clinton , drew sharp criticism from black leaders for a series of comments he made before the South Carolina primary , including comparing Obama 's campaign to the Rev. Jesse Jackson 's 1984 run . Former Nebraska Sen. Bob Kerrey , a major Clinton backer , said several times that an Obama presidency would improve the world 's image of the U.S. because of the Illinois senator 's Muslim roots . Obama , however , said Kerrey 's comments were intended to highlight Obama 's Muslim heritage in voters ' minds . And shortly before the Texas primary , 84-year-old Clinton supporter Adelfa Callejo told CBS 11 News in Dallas , Texas , that Obama would have trouble attracting Latino support because he was African-American . "  When blacks had the numbers , they did n't do anything to support us , " Callejo said . "  They always used our numbers to fulfill their goals and objectives , but they never really supported us , and there 's a lot of hard feelings about that . I do n't think we 're going to get over it anytime soon . " Last month , when Hillary Clinton was asked whether she would reject and denounce Callejo 's remarks , she said , "  People get to express their opinions , " adding that "  a lot of folks have said really unpleasant things about me over the course of this campaign . " Later , her campaign released a statement saying that she had been unaware of the substance of the remarks during that interview and both denounced and rejected them . Obama has faced his own headaches . Foreign policy adviser Samantha Power ended her connection with his campaign last week after telling a Scottish interviewer that Clinton was a "  monster . " Power also made remarks about Obama 's Iraq war policy that were used by the Clinton campaign in recent attacks . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Geraldine Ferraro says she is being attacked because she is white She says Obama would not be a candidate if he were white Obama has called the comments "  patently absurd " Clinton says she disagrees with Ferraro 's comments
Boston , Massachusetts  CNN  -- In a stunning upset that reshaped the U.S. political landscape , Republican Scott Brown won Tuesday 's special election in Massachusetts for the U.S. Senate seat formerly held by liberal Democrat Ted Kennedy . Brown defeated Democrat Martha Coakley , the state attorney general . Brown 's victory made real the once unthinkable prospect of a Republican filling the seat held by Kennedy , known as the liberal lion , for almost 47 years until his death due to brain cancer last August . Before Kennedy won the seat for the first time in 1962 , his older brother John held it for nearly eight years until his election as U.S. president in 1960 . "  This really does change everything , you know that ? " said Mitt Romney , the former GOP governor of Massachusetts who introduced Brown at his victory rally . Share your thoughts on the election results Voters across Massachusetts braved winter cold and snow for an election with high stakes -- the domestic agenda of President Obama , including his top domestic priority , health care reform . Brown 's victory strips Democrats of their 60-seat Senate super-majority , needed to overcome GOP filibusters against future Senate action on a broad range of White House priorities . Senate Democrats needed all 60 votes in their caucus to pass the health care bill , and the loss of one seat now imperils generating that support again for a compromise measure worked out with the House . "  Forty one , forty one , " chanted the crowd at Brown 's rally , referring to his new status as the Senate 's 41st Republican . Brown , a state senator until now , heralded his victory as the start of more election surprises in 2010 . No Republican had won a U.S. Senate race in Massachusetts since 1972 , and Democrats control the governorship , both houses of the state legislature , and the state 's entire congressional delegation . "  When there 's trouble in Massachusetts , rest assured there 's trouble everywhere , and they know it , " Brown said of the Democratic Party . Republican leaders sounded a similar theme , saying Americans were fed up with what they called Democratic arrogance in Washington . "  Americans are investing their hopes in good Republican candidates to reverse a year-long Democrat trend of ignoring the American people on the issues of health care , spending and the growth of government , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said in a statement . The seat vacated by Kennedy 's death is currently held by his former aide and longtime friend Paul Kirk , who was appointed on an interim basis . Obama called Brown and Coakley on Tuesday night , and a White House statement said the president "  told Sen. Brown that he looks forward to working with him on the urgent economic challenges facing Massachusetts families and struggling families across our nation . " Massachusetts Secretary of State Bill Galvin said last week that certifying Tuesday 's election results could take more than two weeks -- potentially enough time to allow congressional Democrats to pass a final health care bill before Brown is seated . But multiple Democratic sources said that is unlikely . Even if House and Senate Democrats could reach a deal to meld their bills and pass them in the next couple of weeks , there would be a huge outcry from not only Republicans , but also an increasingly distrustful public if they appeared to be rushing it through . Galvin had predicted as many 2.2 million of the state 's 4.5 million registered voters would vote -- at least double the turnout from December 's primary . In one sign of high interest , more than 100,000 absentee ballots were requested ahead of the election , according to Brian McNiff , Galvin 's spokesman . Coakley was initially expected to easily win the race to replace Kennedy , who made health care reform the centerpiece of his Senate career . Until recently , Brown was underfunded and unknown statewide . Waging a nationally backed campaign that included driving his pickup around the state , Brown surged in the weeks preceding Tuesday 's vote and led in all the final polls . In a sign of the high stakes involved , the Coakley campaign held an afternoon news conference Tuesday to complain that voters in three places received ballots already marked for Brown . McNiff confirmed that the secretary of state 's offices received two reports of voters saying they received pre-marked ballots . The suspect ballots were invalidated and the voters received new ballots , McNiff said . Kevin Conroy , the Coakley campaign manager , said the "  disturbing incidents " raised questions about the integrity of the election . In response , the Brown campaign issued a statement criticizing Coakley 's team . "  Reports that the Coakley campaign is making reckless accusations regarding the integrity of today 's election is a reminder that they are a desperate campaign , " Daniel B. Winslow , the counsel for the Brown campaign , said in the statement . Obama had been "  surprised and frustrated " by the race , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday . Obama and former President Bill Clinton hit the campaign trail in the final week in an attempt to save Coakley 's campaign , which observers say was hampered by complacency and missteps . Obama crushed Sen. John McCain in Massachusetts in 2008 , beating the GOP presidential nominee by 26 points . "  If you were fired up in the last election , I need you more fired up in this election , " Obama urged a crowd at a Coakley campaign rally on Sunday . Vicki Kennedy , the late senator 's widow , called on state Democrats to turn out to save her husband 's legacy . "  We need your help . We need your support . We need you to get out there and vote on Tuesday , " Kennedy said . "  We need you to bring your neighbors . We need you to bring your friends . " Brown , who has trumpeted his 30 years of service in the National Guard , hewed to traditional GOP themes in his victory speech . He promised to back tax cuts and be tough on terrorists , and to oppose Obama 's health care overhaul effort . "  People do not want a trillion dollar health-care plan that is being forced on the American people , " Brown said . Brown said his victory defied "  the odds and experts " who predicted that the Senate seat held by Democrats for more than 50 years would not change hands . Instead , independent voters who outnumber registered Democrats and Republicans combined in Massachusetts strongly supported Brown . "  Tonight , the independent majority has delivered a great victory , " Brown said , later adding : "  What happened here in Massachusetts can happen all over America . " Facing the possibility of Coakley 's defeat , Democrats were trying to figure out whether they could pass a health care overhaul without that crucial 60th Senate vote . But top White House aides publicly insisted they were not engaging in any talk of contingency plans because they thought Coakley would win . Two Democratic sources in close contact with the White House told CNN on Monday that they 'd urged the administration , in the event of a Brown victory , to push House Democrats to pass the Senate 's health care bill as currently written . Doing so would prevent the plan from having to be taken up by the Senate again . "  I think the Senate bill clearly is better than nothing , " House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , said Tuesday . A third option would be for Democrats to revisit the idea of trying to push health care through the Senate with only 51 votes -- a simple majority . But to do that Democrats would have to use a process known as reconciliation , which presents technical and procedural issues that would delay the process for a long time . A number of Democrats are eager to put the health care debate behind them and move on to economic issues such as job creation as soon as possible this election year . Senate Democrats could also try again to get moderate GOP Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine to vote for a compromise health reform plan . Multiple Democratic sources , however , have said they think that is unlikely now . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Dana Bash , Kevin Bohn , Ed Henry , John King , Suzanne Malveaux , Shawna Shepherd , Jessica Yellin , Kevin Bohn , Alan Silverleib and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Republican Scott Brown upsets Martha Coakley to fill Ted Kennedy 's seat Win leaves Democrats without crucial 60th Senate vote needed for health care overhaul Brown 's platform includes backing tax cuts , being tough on terrorists
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Rhett Miller , the Old 97 's frontman , can be hard to get a fix on . Old 97 's frontman Rhett Miller says that his solo albums keep him from going nuts . He 's a rock 'n' roll musician , yet soft-spoken and mild-mannered . He 's 38 years old , but looks 23 . He once cut his hair really short in an attempt to make himself less attractive , but now wears his mane long and shaggy . And then there are his Twitter entries , which have a wit all their own . For example : "  Sometimes , sitting in a hot tub , I pretend that I 'm in the kitchen of some giant who 's making Rhett soup . And I just start screaming . " Watch how Miller 's kids react to his singing " OK , maybe that 's a little disturbing . But we are talking about a singer-songwriter whose imagination gets more than the average workout . Miller has been writing songs as the frontman for the alt-country band Old 97 's for 16 years , and has also penned four solo albums . Watch Miller play a song from his album " In fact , the Old 97 's -- which started as a bar band in Dallas , Texas -- has such an extensive catalogue that during a four-night run in Hoboken , New Jersey , in June , the band played original sets each night , with only the closing song repeated . Miller talked to CNN about his new , self-titled solo album -- hailed by Rolling Stone magazine as his strongest yet -- and why playing in front of his kids is n't necessarily great for his ego . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Is it difficult being both a solo artist and the front man for Old 97 's ? Rhett Miller : No . Without the solo career I would n't have an outlet for about half of my creative impulses and I 'd go nuts . CNN : Do you consider yourself more rock 'n' roll than alt-country these days ? Miller : Yeah . I love old-timey country and British pop and twee folk , but at heart I am a rock 'n' roller . Have you ever seen me bang my head ? CNN : I 'm curious to know why you would release a self-titled album four albums into your solo career . Rhett Miller : That is a weird thing , is n't it ? I do n't know ... the last two records , "  The Instigator " and "  The Believer , " I felt like I was writing from a bit of a remove . ... -LSB- This record -RSB- feels very honest and soul-bearing and vulnerable and all those things that are scary . And so it made sense to make it "  Rhett Miller . " And it 's a fantastic name . It 's worked really well for me so far . CNN : It is a cool name . Is it real ? Miller : To an extent . My real name is Stewart Ransom Miller II . And my mom agreed to that name if I would be called Rhett . 'Cause all of the nicknames that come out of Stewart Ransom Miller II are not good . CNN : What 's wrong with Stu ? Miller : Stu , really ? But then I 'd be like meat stew . CNN : You were really torn up over the death of your hero , author David Foster Wallace . Did that influence this album at all ? Miller : Yeah . Even though I think this record sounds very happy , there 's some subtext of real despair on it . We all go through tough times . I dealt with a few different personal things and it seems I know a lot of people who are going through divorces . The world is going through an incredible economic crisis . And then David Foster Wallace goes and kills himself . And yeah , I think it shows up on the record . You probably have to listen to it a few times to really realize that that 's happening and that 's intentional ... because I do n't really want people listening to the record crying . CNN : You have two little kids . How has being a father changed your approach to music ? Miller : The weirdest thing about being a dad and still being a songwriter is the logistics of it . You know , finding a moment to write a song . The only thing I could figure out to do was sit in the middle of the madness , in the middle of the living room and with the chaos swirling all around me and just write a song there . They could n't care less what I 'm doing . Every once in a while they tell me to be quiet . Or they 'll walk over and put their hands on the guitar strings and go "  Daddy , shhh . " CNN : You 've been called a heartthrob . Is that a blessing or a curse ? Miller : Ummm ... thank you , I guess , for the implied compliment . It 's been a weird thing . When I started I was a teenager and I was opening for punk rock bands and I 'd get written about in the paper in Dallas as "  pretty boy teen folkie " or "  impish folkie . " It was always this diminutive , reductive thing that happened and so I rebelled against that . On the first Old 97 's record -- maybe the first couple of records -- on the photos on the album you could n't see me . Everybody else would be in focus and I would be blurry . I 'd wear big civil engineer eye glasses , I got a buzz cut . I would intentionally try and make myself look as awful as I could . Fortunately I was still able to get girlfriends . But then at a certain point I thought , "  This is so stupid ! Is this such a horrible thing ? " And so I got a Jon Bon Jovi haircut and started wearing nicer clothes , got Lasik . I do n't know man , if that 's the worst problem I 've got then it 's a pretty good life . CNN : Has Twitter made a big impact on the way musicians and fans relate ? Miller : I do n't know about all musicians , but I definitely enjoy the succinctness of the format and the immediate connection to the fans . CNN : What distinguishes an impressive tweet from an ordinary tweet ? Miller : Humor . Wait , did you ask what I look for in a lady ? CNN : If you were n't a musician , what might you be doing ? Miller : Definitely not stand-up comedy . Maybe co-hosting a show on a cable news network ?	Rhett Miller , frontman of Old 97 's , has new solo album out Miller : Solo career provides another outlet for creativity Musician juggles songwriting with two kids ; children do n't always like songs
CNN  -- With Pope Benedict XVI leaving the papal office after resigning two weeks ago , the Roman Catholic Church will have to rush to pick his replacement before Easter . Normally , the College of Cardinals is not allowed to select a new pontiff until 15 to 20 days after the office becomes vacant -- usually when the previous pope has died . Benedict 's resignation is a rare exception . The last man to quit the head of the Catholic Church did so 600 years ago . The situation calls for some rule bending , and having the current pope involved is proving advantageous . Interactive : Where does the pope live ? He has slightly amended the 500-year-old policy on pope selection to get a successor into place more rapidly . The cardinals may to be able to pull it off before March 15 , according to Father Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman . This would give the new pontiff a little over a week to prepare for the next mass , Palm Sunday celebrations , on March 24 . While Benedict wo n't be directly involved in his successor 's selection , his influence will undoubtedly be felt . He appointed 67 of at least 115 cardinals set to make the decision . The pope gives his last audience Wednesday morning . His last day on the job is Thursday . Here 's a look at the process of electing a new pope : A look at possible papal contenders What has to happen first ? There were traditionally three methods of choosing a new pope , but the church abolished two , leaving cardinals to pick a peer via paper ballot only . When a pope dies , the dean of the Sacred College of Cardinals calls for a meeting of all cardinals eligible to vote -- those under age 80 . They have to vote in person . Although some work at the Vatican , most are spread out worldwide , running dioceses or archdioceses , and will have to travel to Rome . Once they get there , they ca n't leave until the process is done and are n't allowed to talk with anyone outside of the conclave . Though Benedict left the rules greatly untouched , experts on the church 's constitution will comb through the section on the "  Vacancy of the Apostolic See and the Election of the Roman Pontiff "  how to elect a new pope when the office is vacant  and interpret proper protocol for the election . Benedict 's predecessor , the widely popular John Paul II , made a number of changes to the voting process in 1996 to make it less taxing on the cardinals . Opinion : How next pope must tackle child sex abuse Will the world get to see the process ? Although the procedure is transparent to participating cardinals , no one else is supposed to find out about the vote . In his amendments to voting procedures in 1996 , John Paul II anticipated modern forms of communication and forbade any recording devices . He ordered that technicians check the Sistine Chapel for hidden microphones or cameras before the balloting begins . The new pope would be called to deal with violators personally . "  They will be subject to grave penalties according to the judgment of the future pope , " the former pontiff wrote . Notes cardinals make during the voting must be burned with the ballots . The final declaration of a winner is sealed in an envelope and archived . It may be opened only by order of the pope . The pope in retirement : What to expect What does balloting look like ? The meeting of cardinals , called the conclave , usually begins with a special morning mass in St. Peter 's Basilica . In the afternoon , they walk in a procession to the Sistine Chapel -- known for its famous ceiling painting by Renaissance artist Michelangelo -- to begin the voting process . Ballots are passed out , and cardinals write in a candidate 's name and fold it up , then one by one , in order of seniority , they approach an altar and ceremoniously place their ballots into a chalice . Voting is secret , but ballots are counted in the open . A cardinal needs a vote of two-thirds to ascend to the papacy . If there is no winner , the vote is repeated one time on the first day . Surprising standards for next Catholic leader What does the smoke from the chimney mean ? After some of the rounds of voting , the ballots land in a furnace . If no one has won , a chemical is added to make the smoke black . This lets people waiting in St. Peter 's Square below know that there is no new pope yet . If there is a winner , no chemical is added , and the smoke remains white , telling the world that the conclave has agreed on a new pontiff . In the past , it has been hard for the crowd waiting in St. Peter 's Square below to discern the color , which has sometimes billowed out in shades of gray . The Vatican has attempted to remedy this by adding a second furnace to boost the intended color . Scandal threatens to overshadow pope 's final days What if there is no winner ? Then they vote again , and again , and again . The cardinals may cast ballots as many as four times on the second and third days , according to voting rules laid down by John Paul II . By the end of the third day , if there is still no new pope , they break for a day for prayer , discussions and admonitions from a senior cardinal . This recovery day was instituted by John Paul II . Voting can go on for another seven rounds of balloting . Still no pope ? Keep voting . John Paul had decided to save the cardinals from themselves , if they reach this point . He reduced the necessary result to elect a new pope to an absolute majority -- 50 % plus one vote -- if they cross this tiring threshold . But in 2007 , Benedict reversed the rule , so once again , two-thirds are needed to elect , according to CNN 's Vatican expert , John Allen . The pope emeritus preserved the day of rest on every third day of a deadlock . A long deadlock would be unusual , according to the Diocese of Providence , Rhode Island . Of the past 11 conclaves , none has run longer than four days . When there 's finally a winner , what next ? The winner must accept the decision for it to be valid . Once he does , the dean asks him to choose a papal name . The oldest cardinal announces the new pope to the crowd in the square from a balcony . The new pope joins him to bless the crowd and the rest of the world . Past popes have been crowned during a coronation ceremony , but John Paul II refused it , and Benedict followed suit . Both were inaugurated in a mass in St. Peter 's Cathedral . Could the next pope be from Africa or Latin America ? CNN 's Kyle Almond contributed to this report .	Benedict changed a rule , which means the selection could take longer Of the 115 cardinals set to vote , 67 were appointed by Benedict Black smoke from the chimney of the Sistine Chapel means no pope elected White smoke rising means cardinals have selected a new pope
CEDAR RAPIDS , Iowa  CNN  -- Saying she felt compelled to support "  the man I believe has a new vision for America , " Oprah Winfrey spoke passionately about Democratic presidential hopeful Barack Obama at two rallies in Iowa Saturday . Oprah Winfrey joins Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama at a rally in Des Moines , Iowa , Saturday . "  I 've never taken this kind of risk before nor felt compelled to stand up and speak out before because there was n't anyone to to stand up and speak up for , " Winfrey told thousands of people in Cedar Rapids Saturday evening . "  We need a president who can bring us all together , " she said . "  I know -LSB- Barack Obama -RSB- is the one . " Earlier in Des Moines , she focused on world affairs . Watch Winfrey endorse Obama " "  These are dangerous times , you can feel it . We need a leader who shows us how to hope again in America as a force for peace , " Winfrey told the enthusiastic crowd . "  I believe Barack Obama will bring statesmanship to the White House , " she said . "  He 's a man who knows who we are and knows who we can be . " Winfrey said she has voted for as many Republicans as she has Democrats over the years , so her endorsement was n't about partisanship . "  This is very , very personal . I 'm here because of my personal conviction about Barack Obama and what I know he can do for America , " she said to applause . Winfrey also told the crowd that she 's looking for more than a candidate with "  experience in the hallways of government . " "  I challenge you to see through those people who try to convince you that experience with politics as usual is more valuable than wisdom won from years of serving people outside the walls of Washington , D.C. , " she said . Obama thanked Winfrey for drawing a big crowd and coming out to the event . "  There are some people here who are here to see Oprah . I 'm sort of a by-product of that and I appreciate that , but what I know is that for her to take the risk of stepping out of her comfort zone is extraordinary , " the senator from Illinois said . Before Winfrey 's speech in Des Moines , her best friend and fellow talk show host Gayle King , tried to quietly slip into the rally . She walked up to the set of bleachers behind the stage and asked some women if she could scoot in . Within seconds cameras were clicking and fans were yelling . King spent the speech in the first row of bleachers chatting up supporters , listening and and mingling with fans . Winfrey 's campaign appearance comes less than one month before the Iowa caucuses . After Iowa , the three-state "  Oprah-bama " tour moves on to South Carolina and New Hampshire on Sunday . The nod by the empress of daytime television comes at a time when independent politicos and campaign aides believe the Democratic senator from Illinois is picking up steam . The latest Des Moines Register poll puts Obama ahead of Sen. Hillary Clinton , D-New York , in Iowa and shows him gaining ground among women . Women are proving to be a crucial voting block in 2008 for all the Democratic hopefuls , but most especially Clinton . At a recent Obama rally in Iowa City , many women expressed the difficulty they had in deciding whether to vote for him or for Clinton because she could be a first for their gender . Watch how Winfrey 's campaigning could give Obama a boost " Winfrey 's endorsement is an obvious boost for Obama in his effort to steal women voters from Clinton . "  I think it 's going to help him with the women my age because she 's very popular , very respected among my age group , " said Linda Peterson , a middle aged mother and probable Obama voter from North Liberty , Iowa . According to The New York Times , women make up 75 percent of the audience for the "  Oprah Winfrey Show " and more than half are over 50 . More than 40 percent make less than $ 40,000 and a quarter have no more than a high school education . "  One of the secretaries was just so excited about the fact that Oprah was coming , " said Jodi Plumert , a University of Iowa professor and ardent Obama supporter . "  She said ` Who would 've thought Oprah , coming to little old Iowa ! ' " "  I think that having Oprah here on Saturday will definitely pull women out , " said Iowa City resident and Obama precinct captain Cheryl Carter . "  I think it will just show that women in Iowa are Barack Obama supporters . " Although Clinton will be campaigning in Iowa on Friday and Saturday , rival campaigns acknowledge Winfrey will leave little air in the Hawkeye State . Watch what issues are important to Iowans " "  Sen. Clinton is a big fan -LSB- of Winfrey 's -RSB- and thinks it 's great for every candidate to bring in surrogates , " said a Clinton aide . "  But ultimately the voters of Iowa , New Hampshire , South Carolina and America are going to vote based on the actual candidate 's experience , strength , record and the ability to do the job on Day One . " The Clinton campaign will put its star on stage the day before Oprah-bama hits South Carolina when former President Bill Clinton makes campaign stops in Charleston on Saturday . Check out some other celebrities who are endorsing candidates " Bill Clinton said Friday that his trip is "  totally coincidental . " Also Saturday , the couple 's daughter , Chelsea Clinton , made her first appearance on her mother 's campaign trail along with the senator 's mother , Dorothy Rodham -- comprising three generations of Clinton women . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Winfrey : "  We need a president who can bring us all together " "  Oprah-bama " hits Iowa on Saturday ; South Carolina , New Hampshire on Sunday Winfrey a boost as Obama tries to steal women voters from Hillary Clinton Clinton campaign plays down effect Winfrey will have on swaying voters
CNN  -- Former world No. 1s Maria Sharapova and Caroline Wozniacki lit up the court at the Miami Masters on Thursday , but the lights went out on Agnieszka Radwanska and Marion Bartoli in the other women 's semifinal . On an eventful day at the U.S. hard-court event , four-time grand slam winner Sharapova and the in-form fifth seed Radwanska both scored impressive victories to set up a final showdown on Saturday . Second seed Sharapova let a 4-1 lead slip in the opening set of her afternoon match with Danish No. 4 Wozniacki , but battled back to secure a 4-6 6-2 6-4 win in two hours and 34 minutes . The Russian , a three-time runner up in Key Biscayne , said she almost paid the price for not keeping to her strengths . "  I 'm a very aggressive player , " the 2012 Australian Open finalist told the WTA Tour 's website . "  I go for my shots . I do n't hesitate . "  In the first set I stopped doing that a little bit , and it gave her confidence to come back and win that first set , but I 'm pleased I got it back right away and managed to win today . " Wozniacki , who lost top spot in the world rankings after Victoria Azarenka won January 's Melbourne grand slam , was philosophical in defeat . "  I tried to do my best , and it just was n't enough today , " said the 21-year-old , who beat Serena Williams in the last 16 . "  I was very close . But this is tennis . One time you win , one time you lose . " Radwanska extended her winning career record against French seventh seed Bartoli to seven matches with a 6-4 6-2 win in a clash interrupted several times by the lights going out . The Pole who was victorious in Dubai earlier this month , registered her 25th win this season , having ended world No. 1 Azarenka 's 26-match winning streak in the quarterfinals . "  You 're really focused on the match and really want to finish in two sets , then suddenly the lights go off , " the 23-year-old said . "  It was one of the weirdest matches I 've ever played . I was just in the locker room staying focused , trying to stay warm and ready to go . " Bartoli , the 2007 Wimbledon runner-up , was hampered by a hip injury during the match , but still managed to defiantly complete the match . "  I know how it is to be playing with injury and playing with pain , but it 's always weird when someone else is struggling with it , " Radwanska said . "  Today she was still playing and moving very well , though . So I really had to do my 100 % in the end . " In the men 's draw , world No. 1 Novak Djokovic survived a late rally from Spanish fifth seed David Ferrer to set up a Friday semifinal with Argentine No. 21 Juan Monaco . Having breezed through the opening set , five-time grand slam winner and defending Miami champion Djokovic was made to sweat in the second before sealing a 6-2 7-6  7-1  success . "  He 's like a wall on the court , " the 24-year-old told the tournament 's official website . "  Gets a lot of balls back . He always makes you play an extra shot . "  I needed to play well and aggressive and step into the court from the first point . That 's what I did . " Monaco celebrated his 28th birthday with a comprehensive 6-1 6-3 defeat of U.S. No. 1 and eighth seed Mardy Fish . Three-time Miami runner-up Rafael Nadal will play British fourth seed Andy Murray in Friday 's opening semifinal .	Maria Sharapova beats Caroline Wozniacki to reach her fourth Miami Masters final Agnieszka Radwanka defeats Marion Bartoli in match interrupted by light failures World No. 1 Novak Djokovic reaches men 's semifinals after beating David Ferrer Djokovic 's last four opponent will be Juan Monaco , who beat U.S. No. 1 Mardy Fish
This will come as no surprise if you have kids , know kids or know anyone who has or knows kids . Disney is reporting that sales of dresses based on its megahit movie "  Frozen " topped 3 million in North America this year alone . Let 's say that again : More than 3 million Elsa and Anna role-play dresses were bought . In North America . Just this year . And the holiday season is n't even here yet . If you did n't see this coming , your head has been stuck in a snowdrift , folks . Disney 's "  Frozen " is on a roll . Like a big , giant snowball headed downhill . "  The powerful connection families around the world have with Frozen and its characters is truly a phenomenon that has only continued to grow over the last 12 months , " said Paul Gainer , executive vice president of Disney Retail . Of course , there are plenty of "  Frozen " products flying off the shelves and Disney is riding the retail sled as far as it will go . A new "  Frozen " film is in the works . The animated short "  Frozen Fever " is expected to debut in the spring . Disney is also replacing the classic Epcot ride Maelstrom with a new attraction based on the hit movie that earned about $ 400 million at the box office in North America . "  Let it go " ? The answer from America 's kids seem to be pretty clear : Nuh-uh .	Disney plans to release a new "  Frozen " animated short It 's called "  Frozen Fever " A new Epcot attraction based on "  Frozen " is coming
CNN  -- A new video of last year 's Asiana Airlines plane crash in San Francisco shows firefighters spotting a 16-year-old Chinese girl lying on the ground , but failing to help her , an attorney for the girl 's family charges . Ye Meng Yuan was later run over by two different fire trucks , killing her , said Justin Green , a lawyer for the girl 's family . The newly released video challenges an account by fire officials that the Chinese teenager was accidentally run over because she may have been covered in firefighting foam , Green asserts . In fact , the video depicts one firefighter alerting a truck driver about how "  there 's a body right there . " In the footage , a firefighter stops an emergency vehicle racing toward the scene . "  Whoa , whoa , whoa ! Stop , stop , stop ! There 's a body ... there 's a body right there . Right in front of you , " the firefighter told the driver . The video was captured on a camera attached to a firefighter 's helmet and first aired by CBS . Another video from a fire truck shows a firefighter on the ground directing the truck around a victim , who was not covered in foam at the time . Ye 's parents have filed a gross negligence claim against the city and county of San Francisco , arguing that the emergency responders who spotted Ye on the ground failed to save her life . No charges for firefighter who ran over Asiana crash survivor Ye was on the plane traveling from her China home to an American summer camp and was her parents ' only child , under China 's one-child policy , Green said . "  It 's unthinkable , it 's unimaginable , because the first thing that -- the first priority of the firefighters or any rescue personnel is saving lives , " Green said of the video . "  And the first step in triage is to take the pulse , check the respiration . That was never done . "  And the video , which I think is the best evidence of what happened , shows at least five firefighters who saw her , who understood she was there , and none of them did the basic step of checking if she was alive , " Green told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " The tire of first fire vehicle ran over the girl 's head , and then a second fire vehicle , which was n't equipped with a spotter to help maneuver it , ran over her body , Green said . A California coroner ruled that Ye was alive when flung from the plane but died of "  multiple blunt injuries that are consistent with being run over by a motor vehicle . " "  Those injuries she received , she was alive at the time , " San Mateo County Coroner Robert Foucrault said . CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin expressed caution , however , in interpreting the video . "  To create this image of the firefighters as incompetent villains here based on a tape that 's been edited , as I understand it , by the plaintiff 's lawyers here , I mean , I think it 's important to reserve judgment , " Toobin said , while acknowledging "  the horrible pain " the girl 's family is now enduring . "  This is a complicated situation where the chronology is very important . And you know , we 're not talking about a traffic accident where there is one body on the floor -- and , of course , firefighters should check that . We 're looking at a situation where firefighters are potentially looking at hundreds of casualties and are trying to deal with that , " Toobin said . Two other people died when Asiana Airlines Flight 214 crash-landed July 6 at the San Francisco International Airport . The National Transportation Safety Board said the jet descended in altitude faster than it should have , and had a slower forward speed than intended . Asiana : We 're paying $ 10,000 to each passenger in San Francisco crash CNN 's Drew Griffin , Holly Yan , Dan Simon and Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	A new video of Asiana plane crash shows firefighters spotting girl on ground Video shows firefighters failed to save Chinese girl , her family 's attorney says "  The video ... shows at least five firefighters who saw her , " attorney says Video challenges city 's account the girl was concealed by firefighting foam
CNN  -- Most Internet users and tech experts think cash and credit cards will become things of the past in the next decade as people turn to their mobile phones to make payments , results from a newly released survey suggest . Nearly two out of three respondents to the survey  65 %  told the Pew Internet & American Life Project that they think most people will have fully adopted the "  mobile wallet " as their day-to-day means of paying by 2020 . Whether it 's paying for coffee with a mobile app , using more versatile apps such as Google Wallet or doing business using tools such as Square that turn phones into mobile cash registers , the adoption of mobile payments is clearly under way . In a December report from comScore , 38 % of smartphone owners had used their phones to make a purchase of some kind . That finding jibes with an earlier Pew study in which one-third of smartphone owners had used their phone to do some sort of banking  such as checking their balances or paying bills  and that nearly half  46 %  had paid for an app with their phone . In the survey released Tuesday , 65 % of respondents agreed with the following statement : "  By 2020 , most people will have embraced and fully adopted the use of smart-device swiping for purchases they make , nearly eliminating the need for cash or credit cards . People will come to trust and rely on personal hardware and software for handling monetary transactions over the Internet and in stores . Cash and credit cards will have mostly disappeared from many of the transactions that occur in advanced countries . " Survey respondent and Harvard University professor Susan Crawford wrote , "  There is nothing more imaginary than a monetary system . The idea that we solemnly hand around printed slips of paper in exchange for food and water shows just how trusting and fond of patterned behavior we human beings are . " Crawford , an ex-special assistant for technology policy for President Barack Obama , asked , "  So why not take the next step ? Of course , we 'll move to even more abstract representations of value . " One-third agreed with an essentially opposite statement , saying there wo n't be a major conversion to "  all-digital , all-the-time " payments . Many cited security concerns as the reason . "  The use of a simple string of digits that must be shared with any vendor with whom you transact is really a ludicrously insecure system that can and must change , " said Peter J. McCann , a FutureWei Technologies senior engineer . Proponents of mobile payments said technology is evolving but that such payments are no less secure than what most people do now . "  It 's basically the same technology as credit cards , " Mung-Ki Woo , the head of mobile for MasterCard Worldwide , told CNN last year . "  It 's not better or worse . " Pew 's report said those who think mobile payments will dominate in the coming years frequently said the boom in smartphone ownership , convenience and security are key factors that make "  these systems an obvious choice to replace established modes of payment in day-to-day commerce . " The survey , conducted with Elon University 's Imagining the Internet Center , was not random but instead asked for the opinions of 1,021 "  Internet experts and other Internet users . " Since it sought the opinions of a specific audience , there is no margin of error .	Web experts , users say mobile payments will replace cards , cash In survey , 65 % expect phone payments to be the norm by 2020 Others say users ' security concerns might slow that process The survey by Pew Internet and Elon University sought out Internet experts
CNN  -- A mother in Louisville , Kentucky , has died after saving her three children and two nieces by pushing them out the second-story window of her burning townhome . Bystanders who noticed the flames helped catch the children as Tomarra Finley guided them out on Thursday morning . After the five children were rescued , Finley , 31 , was found unconscious by firefighters . They gave her oxygen and CPR , but she died later of smoke inhalation . Fire Capt. Salvador Melendez said Finley braved tremendous heat and smoke in saving the children . "  It was even extreme for us , and we wear all this gear , " he told CNN affiliate WDRB-TV of Louisville . "  We can only imagine what she went through . She did a brave thing . She made a sacrifice , but she did indeed save those children . " Karey Hudson said he saw a child hanging out the window and ran to help . He said a man delivering newspapers came running up and told the child to jump . " ` One of us will catch you , " Hudson said the paper man told the child . Firefighters said that smoke alarms alerted Finley to the fire .	Tomarra Finley , 31 , dies rescuing five children from a burning townhome Louisville , Kentucky , firefighters says Finley braved extreme heat and died of smoke inhalation Two men helped catch the children as they went out a second-floor window
Michael Zehaf-Bibeau , the 32-year-old gunman who attacked the Canadian Parliament and killed a soldier last week , had a familiar profile . It is that of a young man alienated from mainstream society , with few friends , without a steady job , drifting from one place to another -- often with a history of petty crime and drug abuse . Then comes the conversion to or rediscovery of Islam , and the adoption of a jihadist mindset , fed by media and online coverage of the West 's involvement in wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and by the well-oiled propaganda machine of groups like ISIS . Whether these young men acting alone  and they are almost always men  should be better described as "  lone-wolf " terrorists or deranged criminals is debatable . "  There is no single , universally accepted definition of terrorism , " says the FBI . In many cases , their conversion to militant Islam is about seeking identity and purpose , or even a sense of adventure . Few of these men have a deep understanding of Salafism , the deeply conservative brand of Islam that 's the philosophical underpinning of groups like al Qaeda , and jihad ; their writings are often incoherent . Frequently they see radical Islam as a form of redemption from past misdeeds , one that also feeds an existing animosity toward authority and a sense of being "  on the outside . " They blame "  kuffar "  nonbeliever  societies for corrupting them in the first place . Analysis of the backgrounds of dozens of young men who have embraced militant Islam and eventually planned or carried out an act of violence shows that many have had troubled upbringings -- although there is no evidence they are more likely to come from poor than comfortable backgrounds . They get into drugs and petty crime in their late teens or early 20s and often cut contacts with their families . Some fall under the sway of radical preachers ; many become radicalized online . Zehaf-Bibeau had several encounters with law enforcement and on at least two occasions was charged with drug-related offenses . The picture emerging from those who knew him is that he was often on the move and given to irrational behavior . His family members said they had not seen him in five years . Zehaf-Bibeau had contact with a militant Islamist in Vancouver , Hasibullah Yusufzai , through social media . But Yusufzai left for Syria early this year , and his influence over Zehaf-Bibeau is unclear . Other lone wolves had troubled backgrounds , too Days after the Ottawa shootings , another 32-year-old , Zale Thompson , attacked four New York police officers with a hatchet before being shot dead . A loner involuntarily discharged from the U.S. Navy 11 years ago  for issues with drugs , according to the New York police  , he was subsequently arrested six times . He converted to Islam two years ago and like many others appears to have been seduced by the online messaging of terrorist groups . Richard Reid , who became known as the "  shoe bomber " after he tried to blow up a trans-Atlantic flight in 2001 , was also a troubled young man -- impressionable , dabbling in minor crime and drugs and ending up in a young offenders ' detention center before converting to Islam . Once under the sway of militant imams at London mosques , his views quickly became more militant . The leader of the group that tried to detonate devices in London in 2005 , Muktar Said Ibrahim , had moved to the United Kingdom at age 14 from Eritrea . He was in constant trouble at school before being convicted of a series of muggings , and estranged from his family . He went to the same young offenders ' center as Reid , where he found Islam . After his release he too was influenced by radical preachers in London  as was another in the group  . Zehaf-Bibeau and Reid were converts . Like Ibrahim , Mohammed Ali Baryalei was born a Muslim ; he arrived in Australia from Afghanistan as a child in the early 1980s . He suffered at the hands of a violent father and was prone to depression . As a young man Baryalei was a nightclub doorman in Sydney 's red-light district and no stranger to drugs and alcohol . But then in 2009 came an epiphany : He rediscovered his religion . Whether he was influenced by others or self-radicalized is unclear , but his path to militancy was rapid and dramatic . Baryalei is now thought to be a leader within the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , and has tried to get associates in Australia to carry out attacks , according to the federal police . Abdel-Majad Abdel Bary followed a similar path . A DJ and rapper in London , Abdel Bary had lyrics that suggested redemption from drug use through religion . "  It 's hard to progress in the future with a damaged past but still I try to count my blessings and I thank Allah , " he wrote . Abdel Bary claimed he was also seared by the memory of his father 's arrest on terrorism charges . "  I swear the day they came and took my dad , I could have killed a cop or two , " he rapped . Like Baryalei , he also joined ISIS , even tweeting a photograph of himself holding the severed head of one of the slain Western hostages . Investigators face challenges in identifying lone wolves So can more be done to identify individuals who may be drifting toward an act of terror but who have no connection with any group ? And what is the smartest combination of greater surveillance and tougher laws on the one hand -- and prevention and community outreach on the other ? De-radicalization programs , such as those in the UK and Canada , have recognized the importance of identifying such individuals before they can do harm . The "  Channel " scheme in the UK includes behavioral therapy , education and jobs training , and drug rehabilitation to help at-risk individuals , and frequently links them with role models . It has taken 4,000 referrals since its inception in 2007 . Canada has developed a series describing real stories of radicalization that are used "  to initiate conversations with community groups . " But as Public Safety Canada acknowledges in its latest report "  family members , peers , religious and community figures , teachers and medical and social service providers are crucial partners in recognizing and responding to the subtle indicators of radicalization . " Even so , "  early intervention through a joint community/law enforcement response is no guarantee that a person will not radicalize to violence , " Public Safety Canada concluded . Analysis of such de-radicalization programs is in its infancy ; the so-called lone wolves rarely appear on authorities ' radar . "  The problem is the type of people who are ready to engage in these  programs  probably are n't the people that the government is most worried about , " criminologist Andrew Silke wrote in The Daily Telegraph last month . There is also argument about whether these programs should be aimed at de-radicalizing  changing someone 's beliefs  or more limited disengagement  preventing them from carrying out violence . Zehaf-Bibeau appears to have been enraged by the Canadian and Libyan governments ' refusal to grant him a passport . But three years ago , after being charged with robbery , he asked a court to send him to jail for a year to help him kick his addiction to crack cocaine . A psychiatrist said he was fit to face trial , but Zehaf-Bibeau was sentenced to just one day in jail . His addiction , anxiety and extreme religiosity became a toxic combination -- but the only intervention appears to have been the denial of a passport . Prevention and outreach vs. detention , increased surveillance In some countries community leaders fear the balance is tipping more toward surveillance and tougher laws , to the neglect of prevention programs and community outreach . The Australian Parliament is debating measures this week that would extend preventive detention and allow police to secretly search properties before notifying the target . Kuranda Seyit , director of the Forum on Australia 's Islamic Relations , told the Sydney University journal Honi Soit recently : "  The government has not made an effort to understand why young people have these ideas and thoughts . They 've created this invisible war and invisible threat that will continue forever . " The British government has abandoned most of the ambitious Prevent program launched in 2005 to "  increase the resilience of communities to violent extremism " -- the hearts and minds outreach  after groups that were funded ended up being taken over by extremists  and opted for a greater reliance on law enforcement . It is introducing tougher laws to confiscate the passports of those seen as "  would-be " jihadists as well as to force terror suspects to join a de-radicalization program . James Brandon at the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation and Political Violence wrote in War on the Rocks last month that "  the UK has effectively given up trying to stop jihadists from being created . Instead resources are being focused on trying to catch jihadists before they can strike . " To Brandon , "  this is an admission of a grave defeat . " But given resource-stretched governments -- scarred by the unpopularity of controversial outreach programs and struggling to keep tabs on "  extremist travelers " to Syria and Iraq -- are increasingly reaching for law enforcement tools to prevent terror coming to their cities , tracking the "  lone wolves " is unlikely to get any easier .	Like many "  lone wolf " terrorists , Ottawa gunman was alienated drifter who converted to Islam Conversion to militant Islam is often about seeking identity , purpose or adventure Some countries have tried "  de-radicalization " programs to help prevent violence But with resources stretched thin , the focus is often on increased law enforcement
Atlanta  CNN  -- In the end , the Braves are keeping with tradition - as in the signature ` A ' that is the team 's logo . MLB.com posted a photo of the new navy blue batting practice caps with a red and white scripted ` A. ' The team will wear those hats at spring training , which starts Tuesday . The Braves said a decision on the batting caps had not been made yet when a potential design was leaked several weeks ago . That design drew ire for its "  screaming Indian " logo . "  I like the selection we made this year , " Braves President John Schuerholz said in a statement Monday . "  We had a variety of choices that we looked at , some more thoroughly than others . But at the end , we liked this one . " But writer Paul Lukas of ESPN 's Uni Watch blog , who broke the news of the cap design in December , was n't buying the Braves ' statement . He suggested the Braves withdrew the design because of the furor it caused . "  In other words , the Braves are claiming that they were never committed to the Indian head cap to begin with , " Lukas wrote . "  But that does n't ring true . "  The Indian head cap has been shown for months in the official MLB Style Guide and is still shown there right now , " Lukas wrote . "  It 's also shown in the new New Era catalog . All signs indicate that the Braves fully intended to go with the Indian design until the recent controversy caused them to have second thoughts . Whew . That was certainly the reaction for some Americans , especially Native American groups that were highly critical of the screaming Indian logo . Kevin Gover , director of the Smithsonian Institution 's National Museum of the American Indian , said in December that the use of the screaming Indian logo would be going backward . "  What this does is contribute to the casual racism native people are subjected to in our society , " said Gover , a member of the Pawnee Nation . The screaming Indian is an image of an imaginary Indian , Gover said . It and other stereotypical sports mascots , he said , do not portray Native Americans for who they truly are . The Indian was part of the Braves logo when the team moved to Atlanta from Milwaukee in 1966 . It was retired in 1989 . The team also had a mascot , Chief Noc-a-Homa  knock a homer  , who wore Native American dress and war paint . But not everyone agreed with the Braves ' decision . @ADeVoll17 posted this : "  So disappointed the @Braves are n't wearing the Screaming Indian hats for spring training . You damn Indians won this time . " @MrBrohannon said : "  Sick and tired of this PC culture we live in where everybody is afraid to hurt anybody 's feelings . The "  Screaming Indian " logo is n't racist ... " Others just wanted a piece of the controversy : @mattplanet said : "  Okay , so we all know some prototypes of that screaming indian Braves BP cap were made ... somebody got to get us one ... " Debate over sports mascots is , of course , not new . U.S. professional and collegiate sports teams have used Native American logos and names for years . Baseball 's Cleveland Indians , for instance , continue to feature a smiling Indian dubbed Chief Wahoo , criticized as a racist caricature . Sometimes this happens with the blessing of Native American tribes , and other times -- like with the NFL 's Washington Redskins , a term that many feel advances a demeaning stereotype -- they have been denounced as racial slurs .	The Braves had reportedly considered using a ` screaming Indian ' logo on batting practice caps The logo drew ire from Native Americans as being offensive The Braves are now using a navy blue cap with the scripted ` A ' logo
Beijing  CNN  -- Allan Yang would be a success story in any country . Originally from China 's impoverished interior , he was the first member of his family to leave his native Anhui province and is now pursuing an MBA at the prestigious Tsinghua University in Beijing . At 24 , Yang is the face of new China : erudite , sophisticated and a card-carrying member of the Communist Party . "  It 's just like applying for university in the United States , " he said of the party . "  You give an application letter and submit some reports that test your knowledge of Communist history . " In fact the process is a bit more complicated . Unlike applying to college , a successful application for membership in the Chinese Communist Party typically takes years . Arduous "  observational periods " are required when prospective members are expected to read the classics of Socialism , become steeped in the party ideology and submit an unending series of essays that are little more than long paeans to the party 's greatness . Though Yang admits few take this process seriously . "  There are lots of things to download from the Internet , we just copy and paste , " he chuckled . Far more serious is the question of China 's future , a future that -- for better or worse -- will likely be dominated by the Communist Party and eventually people like Yang . In China today , the party has become an exclusive club for the country 's elite . According to the parties own internal statistics , less than 90,000,000 people , or around 7 % of China 's population , currently form its ranks . The general view of Chinese these days is that recruitment is most heavy among university students and the moneyed population , while most of the worker/peasants that constituted the party 's historical support appear no longer welcome . It is an irony not lost on Aaron Zhang . "  When they say , ' I care about China , ' my first instinct is not to believe them . " Zhang , a 25-year-old Aeronautical Engineering student at Beihang University in Beijing is not in the party , a fact he noted with more than a sparkle of pride . He claimed that far from fulfilling the party 's original mission of lifting up the poor , the modern party has mutated into an oligarchy , and its youngest members are motivated by nothing more than naked careerism . "  For lots of jobs , membership in the party is necessary , " said Zhang . "  My relatives wanted me to join , they knew it would be good for my career , but I do not believe in Communism , and I just did n't want to lie . " Yang , by contrast , is personally unapologetic . "  90 % of my motivation was career , " he admitted . A number of other students conceded that while career did play a major role in their decision , social responsibility was also a critical element of the party and influenced their desire to join . "  Party members are expected to be better , " chimed one earnestly . "  It 's probably a combination of things , " said Jonathan Banfill , a lecturer at Tsinghua University 's Department of Foreign Languages and Literature . Banfill , who has seen a lot of eager Communists come and go over the years , noted China 's long history of scholar-bureaucrats and the traditional respect and job security that came with government service . Today , however , he stressed that young Chinese had no single motive for joining the party . "  Some students want it for idealistic reasons , there are people who want it for a stable job , people who want it for connections and then there are people who join because their mothers told them to , " he said . The party loomed large for their parents , most of who were born during the Cultural Revolution and came of age amidst the tumult of the Tiananmen Square crackdown . For them the party today is a safe refuge for their children against the economic uncertainties that plague a developing nation . Membership in the party is almost never explicitly required for any job and open discrimination is forbidden under Chinese law , however , for those that want an interview after graduation , the facts on the ground are indisputable . Party membership is almost always a must for any form of government service and is strongly preferred for employment in China 's vast state-owned enterprises . According to the Ministry of Education , the country graduated 6.8 million students in 2012 , thus ensuring that competition for jobs will be fierce . Despite China 's impressive market reforms , their 2012 statistical yearbook calculated that state enterprises employ 67.04 million people , which accounts for 30 % of all Chinese economic activity . This amounts to a major institutional disadvantage for China 's non-party citizens . A young employee at China Central Television  CCTV  , who is not in the party and requested anonymity , admitted he was the exception that proved the rule . He noted that promotion for him would be almost impossible without becoming a party member . It is still too soon to say what these rising Communists will do with the China they inherit . The party 's Confucian aversion to youthful leadership ensures that several decades will pass before any of them approach the reins of power -- which might be a good thing . The young Communists I spoke too generally struggled with any ideas for how to improve the country or the party . Several suggested "  reform " only to be unable  or unwilling  to provide any specific examples . What is certain is that as the 21st century seems increasingly Asian , China 's future leaders will leave their mark not just on their own country , but the world .	China 's Communist Party has become an exclusive club for the country 's elite Around 7 % of China 's population currently form its ranks , the party says Many young Chinese graduates see party membership as useful for their career Discrimination illegal under Chinese law , but membership is needed for government jobs
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Mary Bonsor graduated from law school in London last June and is now navigating her way around the labyrinth-like offices of Marval , O'Farrell & Mairal , Argentina 's largest law firm . Bonsor , 24 , is spending two months interning at the firm in Buenos Aires with hopes of learning more about Argentine law , while also honing her Spanish-speaking skills . "  It is very interesting to compare the English system to the Argentinean system . It 's just great experience to see how another judicial system works , " says Bonsor . Bonsor is one of a growing number of international graduates and students looking to Latin America for internship experience to bolster their resumes . They say they are being lured here by the regionÂ ´ s relatively strong and stable economies , low costs , and the chance to work alongside top business , scientific and creative minds . According to student travel company STA , the international internship market is the fastest growing trend in travel right now . Historically , cities like New York , London and Hong Kong were top choices for interns , but now Buenos Aires , Bogota and Santiago are seeing an influx . "  There 's been an increase of interest in the region , and you see a lot of students ... with a strong interest in visiting Latin America , and getting to know the culture , " says Sebastian Iribarne , a partner at Marval , O'Farrell & Mairal . A new company called Intern Latin America  ILA  placed Bonsor in her Buenos Aires internship . ILA was founded this year with the aim of arranging internships for foreign students throughout the region . The company had immediate success with its first venture , when it received more than 100 applications for positions it had arranged with FIFA during the Under-20 World Cup . Ten students from Russia , Germany , the UK and U.S. worked during the three-week tournament in July and August in Medellin , Colombia . The idea for Intern Latin America came to British co-founder David Lloyd , 27 , after he had a hard time securing an internship for himself while living in Buenos Aires in 2006 . Other internship placement companies have been operating in the region for years , but Lloyd felt a comprehensive program with connections to blue-chip companies and competitive private-sector and government posts did n't exist . He quit his job on the trading floor at Merrill Lynch in London to pursue the initiative . "  I realized there was a lot of demand from the company side and a lot of demand from the student side , but for reasons of language difference and bureaucracy ... there was no way for them to realize the mutual benefit , " says Lloyd . Now the benefits are being recognized throughout the region . The government of Chile recently awarded Intern Latin America a $ 40,000 grant and office space in Santiago . Soon , ILA will be placing interns at businesses , hospitals and NGOs throughout Chile , something it has already done for more than 50 interns - from countries like China , India , Sweden and Switzerland -- in Argentina and Colombia . ILA next plans to concentrate on entering Brazil and Mexico , and have already launched an office in London , which will bring interns to the British capital . "  Internships abroad are a global phenomenon . In Latin America , the growth is mainly due to the fact that it 's a region in rapid development and people want to experience that , and develop language skills , " says Lloyd . Mary Bonsor is developing her Spanish with daily , two-hour intensive classes . She is confident her time in Argentina will serve her well when she returns home to join the workforce . "  Here it is very similar to how I will work back in England . It 's a similar-sized law firm , and so it 's just a great experience to try and learn as much as I can here , " she says . Most internships are unpaid , and interns have to cover their own costs , however , more scholarships are becoming available . The LIV Fund is a new initiative that offers two $ 500 scholarships per month to international students looking to intern , study or volunteer in Latin America . "  We want to provide a structure to the living abroad experience so that potential participants can have more of an idea of what it will entail , " says LIV Fund founder David Garrett . With the eurozone in crisis , ongoing economic woes in the U.S. , political unrest in the Middle East and Brazil 's growing importance , Latin America is looking to expand its role on the global stage . As a result , many are predicting that more and more anxious interns from across the globe will be arriving soon in Latin America . "  We do n't want this to be only for the well-heeled and well-connected . We firmly believe that these opportunities should be open to any young person who wants to intern in Latin America . We 're working to make that happen , " says Lloyd .	International graduates and students look to Latin America for internship experience to bolster their resumes They say they are being lured here by the regionÂ ´ s relatively strong and stable economies Intern and law graduate Mary Bonsor : It 's just a great experience to try and learn as much as I can here
CNN  -- Moldova 's president Wednesday accused Romania of involvement in a huge anti-communist protest , much of it coordinated on Facebook and Twitter , which saw government buildings ransacked and police arrest scores of demonstrators . Protests over Moldova 's election have gathered pace , fueled by Facebook and Twitter . Vladimir Voronin described riots in the Moldovan capital Chisinau against his ruling Communist party 's victory in Sunday elections as "  very serious " and pledged to take action in response . "  Romania is involved in everything that has happened , " he said , according to the RIA-Novosti news agency . "  Patience also has its limits . " An estimated 10,000 mainly students gathered Tuesday to protest what they say was a rigged election . Many in the crowd were summoned using social networking tools , particularly Twitter . IReport : Send your photos and emails . Protesters threw bricks at riot police who responded with batons and water cannon . Outnumbered , police retreated , leaving rioters to enter the parliament building and presidential offices where they smashed windows and started fires . See images of the chaos " Demonstrators claim Voronin 's ruling Communist Party manipulated Sunday 's election results to make it appear that it had won 50 percent of the vote , a majority that would allow the party to and amend the Constitution to allow Voronin to rule for a third term . Although election observers from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe found the voting largely free , many in the former Soviet state disagreed . "  There were too many frauds , " said Alina Radu , director of the weekly newspaper Ziarul de Garda . Her newspaper 's Web site asked readers Wednesday morning to send in instances of voter abuse . "  In just half an hour , we had tens and hundreds of cases , " Radu said . Voronin said he was expelling the Romanian ambassador to Moldova and imposing visa restrictions on Romanians in response to the violence , RIA-Novosti said . The agency reported that Romania has denied involvement and was threatening retaliatory measures . Analysts saw Tuesday 's demonstrations as a student-led action that "  caught the opposition political leaders by surprise . " "  Because I think that after talking to the Western observers , they did n't expect they would get any support for protests , " said Tammy Lynch , senior fellow at Boston University 's Institute for the Study of Conflict , Ideology and Policy . "  It seemed to be undirected , " Lynch said . "  A lot of students felt angry they were being ignored and took out their anger on buildings . " Moldova 's ties with Romania have become increasingly strained under Voronin , who has steered his country diplomatically closer to Russia since taking power in 2005 . The president has repeatedly accused Romania of wanting to absorb his country . -- CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report	Up to 10,000 gathered Tuesday in Moldova 's capital Chisinau Many demonstrators summoned by Facebook or Twitter Protesters claim recent parliamentary elections were rigged
CNN  -- Maybe it is the year of the fox , but as Better Homes & Gardens executive editor Oma Ford said , that 's not stopping all the other forest critters -- and their habitat -- from showing up in Christmas decor . "  The fox is having this huge moment . In the past it 's been the squirrel and the owls and deer always have their place in fall and into winter , " she said . "  It 's part of this much larger theme , a full-on woodland sensibility . " From big box stores to craft stores , department stores to chic boutiques , all manner of Christmas ornaments and decor items are surrounded by bits of nature-inspired elements , she said . "  I do n't think woodland is going away , " she said . What is "  woodland ? " It 's a decor trend that brings the woods indoors . Think about what kinds of things you would find in a forest , Ford said . Everything from pine cones , acorns , tree bark , mushrooms and moss to all styles of furry and feathered creatures . In fact , home decor blogger Emily A. Clark routinely ventures to her North Carolina back yard for a touch of woodland to augment her Christmas tree and the rest of her house during the holidays . "  If you expand on nature , you really ca n't go wrong , " she said . Clark finds the texture of just-clipped holly , bare sticks and conifer branches to be the perfect starting point when decorating for Christmas . That does n't mean that every corner of her house looks like some kind of enchanted forest . "  I do n't think you have to stick with one theme for your entire house . I think each room can feel a little different when you 're decorating for Chrismas , " she said , but what ties them together is a wintery inspiration . There is plenty of room for cherished family ornaments , playful , childlike decor and sophisticated decor that adults appreciate , she said . "  While it may seem as if the theme has been in the marketplace for a while now , " said Stephen Cardino , vice president and fashion director for the Home Store at Macy 's , "  woodland decor  has evolved . " What he 's noticed in the Christmas ornaments and decor items offered at Macy 's is a saturation and refinement of colors , a new and healthy dose of sparkle and an increase in the kinds of materials used to make them . And when it comes to decorating the tree , Cardino points out that there is no one rule of thumb . "  Some decorate by theme , some by color and some prefer an eclectic theme with each ornament having special meaning , " he said . And when he buys ornaments for the department store , he keeps in mind that very few people go out and buy all their Christmas tree ornaments at once . "  Customers are looking for holiday decorations that support their existing room decor , " he said . "  The nature-based items we offer are elevated and refined . " Many homes may already have some of these woodland decor elements displayed , Ford said . Faux taxidermy , antlers , moss and pine cones have become everyday decor . "  The woodland theme  is huge in nursery decor as well as Christmas decor , I mean , it 's enormous , " she said . When those elements are blended with holiday decor , instead of covered up , "  it feels like an extension of what you 're already doing , " she said . Designer Rina Norwood works with colors she already has in her home , like blues and greens , when she decorates for Christmas . Southern cypress and pine provide the perfect texture to balance out the smooth , shiny ornaments and twinkling lights of either modern or traditional decor she said , and their rich green tones make an appearance in her holiday decor . The formality of peacocks , however , is her secret to really bringing color to her Christmas decorations . "  I think the peacock brings colors than we typically see with  other  critters , " she said . Woodland decor can range from whimsical to high style , Ford said , and had truly taken hold in the decor world during the last decade . One of Ford 's favorite examples of the woodland style comes from a recent find : Birch bark made into a paper chain for a Christmas tree garland . "  It just takes the literal natural element and brings it to a very traditional Christmas decorating idea , " she said . Clark ascribes to some classic woodland decor tricks that Ford described : bare twigs tucked into Christmas trees and very au curant pine cones , birch bark and shed deer antlers . With a decorator for a mom , Clark 's five children have learned to expect different looking Christmas decor each year . "  This year I went for a less-is-more approach , " she said . The simplicity of a plain , natural pine swag across her mantel , a color scheme of green , white and gold and even some paper snowflakes set the mood Clark hoped for . But what if there are some woodland elements that kind of creep you out ? Clark remembers the mounted deer head that played a central part in her grandmother 's holiday decor . "  That is a vivid memory for me " she said . "  They put a Rudolph nose on it and tinsel on the antlers . It always really disturbed me . " Norwood knows what she means . "  If you happen to have a moose above the mantle , which I have seen , " she said , "  some people go beyond leaving them as they are . " Some wives , she said , might compromise with their husbands over a taxidermied woodland decor element . Perhaps , she said , the solution could be , "  OK , let 's keep the moose head , but let 's paint it white to bring in that modern element . " "  It 's just how you approach it , " she said . "  We can definitely work around something as long as it 's done with tasteful grace . " All that hunting trophy really needs for Christmas , Norwood said , is a natural garland around its neck . Do you use the woodland trend in your holiday decor ? Share your approach in the comments , below !	Woodland critters and botanical elements are a constant in holiday decor Many retailers offer woodland decor , but you can get it from your back yard Woodland decor blends easily with other styles of Christmas decorations
CNN  -- An intense cold front in southern Latin America continues to blanket the region , causing deaths , school and highway closures , and other woes . A total of 18 people have died in Bolivia as a direct or indirect consequence of low temperatures , the Peruvian state-run Andina news agency reported . The deaths were spread out throughout the country . On Monday , Bolivian officials said temperatures in the major city of Santa Cruz de la Sierra would reach 3 C  37 F  , the lowest in 29 years , and in other regions the mercury dropped below freezing , Andina reported . As a precaution , Bolivian authorities canceled school from Monday to Wednesday , the official Bolivian news agency ABI reported . Police in Paraguay reported eight deaths from hypothermia and two from carbon monoxide poisoning from the use of heating devices . The government opened shelters for the poor , who are picked up at night by military trucks . Paraguayan authorities also estimated that 1,000 cattle died because of the cold . In Uruguay , local media reported two weather-related fatalities . The cold front hit the region on Saturday and was responsible for eight deaths in Argentina over the weekend . An area of low pressure in the southern hemisphere jet stream pushed deeper north allowing for cold Antarctic air to pool over Chile and Argentina . Below-normal temperatures are expected over the next 48 hours across the region . Argentina reported Monday that nine of its provinces were feeling temperatures below freezing . The intense cold will remain in the area at least through Tuesday , Argentina 's official news agency , Telam , reported . Similarly , in Peru , the country 's southern Amazon region was experiencing the coldest weather in three years , Andina reported , citing the National Meteorological and Hydrological Service . In the city of Puerto Maldonado , the temperatures fell to 9 C  48 F  . In the Amazon region , the usual lows are in the 20s C  high-60s F  . The cold was also affecting farmers in the Peruvian city of Arequipa , in the Andes Mountains . With temperatures falling there to -17 C  1 F  , the cold was too much for the region 's Alpaca herds . Pregnant Alpacas were losing their babies , and young Alpacas were dying , Andina reported . Some 10 percent of the region 's 40,000 Alpacas were affected , the news agency reported . CNN 's Judson Jones and journalists Sanie Lopez and Dario Klein contributed to this report .	An intense cold front continues in Latin America At least 18 people died because of the cold in Bolivia More dead are reported in Paraguay and Uruguay In Peru , alpacas died because of the weather
CNN  During Tuesday 's taping of Comedy Central 's "  The Daily Show , " Jon Stewart 's studio audience learned the news that would shortly become public : The comedian , who never shied away from stinging commentary on the state of politics and the news media , was leaving the host chair after 17 years , saying , "  in my heart I know it is time for someone else to have that opportunity . " "  I 'm gon na have dinner , on a school night , with my family -- who , I have heard from multiple sources , are lovely people , " he joked of his plans . At the end , the show cut to a clip of a monkey washing a cat , mixing the lighthearted with a serious moment in true "  Daily Show " form . Stewart 's top 5 political moments Stewart fans took this tone to heart and started the #JobsForJonStewart hashtag on Twitter , offering career advice from the sensible to the silly . On the heels of Brian Williams ' six-month suspension without pay from NBC Nightly News , many championed Stewart to replace Williams . Last year , CNN 's Christiane Amanpour asked Stewart a similar question : Would he ever host a show like "  Meet the Press , " as was , at the time , being speculated ? "  Like yourself ? Like a real journalist ? " he asked . How Stewart changed politics He continued , "  That , I do n't believe , is in danger of happening . Yeah . That I can pretty confidently state that I will not have my own ` Room of Situations . ' That 's just a name I came up with , a ` Room of Situations . ' " Other Twitter users also suggested Stewart step into a more serious role , including as the president of the United States . And , because Twitter trends topically , the hashtag came rife with Left Shark and other of-the-moment references .	Fans offered suggestions for Jon Stewart 's next career on social media Suggestions included political office and replacing Katy Perry 's Left Shark
CNN  -- Days ahead of the one-year anniversary of the rollout of HealthCare.gov , the Affordable Care Act 's health care exchange website that was originally plagued with numerous technical glitches , the Department of Health and Human Services has released a report highlighting the impact of the law on hospital costs . HHS , which oversees the implementation of the Affordable Care Act , said the report projects hospitals will save $ 5.7 billion in uncompensated care costs in 2014 . Uncompensated care costs are those incurred by the hospitals that wo n't be reimbursed . The report says $ 4.2 billion of the savings come from the 27 states -- plus Washington , D.C. -- that implemented a Medicaid expansion as part of the health care act , with the additional $ 1.5 billion in savings spread across the states that opted out of the expansion . "  Hospitals have long been on the front lines of caring for the uninsured , who often can not pay the full cost of their care . Today 's news is good for families , businesses and taxpayers alike , " said HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell before the report 's release . The number of hospital visits by patients who are uninsured has fallen , the report found , and the general hypothesis is that because of the increase in individuals with health care insurance , the instances of uninsured hospital trips are less frequent , and that will continue to be a trend . Study : Obamacare gave 10 million Americans health insurance However , the report noted that "  the extent of this reduction is an empirical question , " because there are a number of factors that will contribute to these costs , including "  the extent to which newly insured individuals are able to meet the cost-sharing obligations imposed by their plans . " Asked if these figures might encourage governors of states that originally opted against the expansion to revisit the option , Burwell said the issue was a very individualized one . "  The medicaid issue is retail , " she told reporters at a briefing on Wednesday . "  It is state by state . " But the issue is also political . Of the 21 states that are not implementing the expansion , all but two of them -- Missouri and Virginia -- have Republican governors . CNN poll : Is Obamacare working ? Burwell expressed cautious optimism that the recent decision by Republican Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett to move forward with the Medicaid expansion could influence other GOP governors . "  I think it 's true that people are influenced by people who are like them " she said in response to a question about whether Corbett 's decision might inspire others . "  I think the more that we are able to attract conservative Republican governors , the more that those who have very strong feelings will perhaps listen . " According to numbers provided by HHS , a little over 10 million previously uninsured adults have gotten health care coverage since enrollment began last year . Enrolling people in Obamacare who have no ` concept of insurance '	Health and Human Services releases report on Affordable Care Act Report says some hospital costs have fallen October 1 marks the one-year anniversary of the rollout of HealthCare.gov
CNN  -- Former Italian international striker Christian Vieri has left Serie A side Atalanta by mutual consent , blaming constant jeering from the club 's fans for his decision to leave . Veteran striker Vieri scored twice in nine appearances for Atalanta this season The 35-year-old , back at his third stint with the Bergamo-based side , has failed to make an impression this season , and has become the focus of fans ' frustrations after scoring just two goals in nine appearances . "  I want to thank Atalanta for the way they have dealt with me throughout the season and throughout my previous experiences wearing the black and blue shirt , " said Vieri in a statement on the club 's official Web site . Atalanta president Alessandro Ruggeri revealed the club had wanted the former Juventus , Inter Milan and AC Milan striker to stay but that his mind was made up . "  I 'm disappointed as I 'm sure everyone who loves football is . I do n't know what he will do now , whether or not he will continue to play after this experience with Atalanta , " said Ruggeri . "  I have n't spoken to him yet but my colleagues have and he was adamant , I do n't think there was any way to make him stay . " Vieri has changed clubs 13 times since beconing a professional in 1991 , playing for Italy 's three biggest teams as well as Atletico Madrid in Spain and Monaco in France . His best season was in 2002-03 , when he scored 24 goals in 23 league appearances for Inter .	Former Italian international Christian Vieri leaves Atalanta will immediate effect The 35-year-old striker blames fans ' jeering for decision to cancel his contract Vieri changed clubs a remarkable 13 times after his professional debut in 1991
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 28 people are dead and at least 218 others were wounded Wednesday after three blasts during a Shiite procession here , authorities in Pakistan said . Khalid Ranjha , a Lahore government official , said two of the dead are children and two others are women , and seven of those injured are in critical condition . The three explosions occurred within a radius of about 600 meters  2,000 feet  . All three blasts were the work of suicide bombers , said Nayab Haider , a spokesman for the Lahore police . Police tried to stop the first suicide bomber as the procession was ending , but he blew himself up as the police officer caught up with him in the crowd , Haider said . Three or four minutes later , the second blast erupted . It was followed 25 minutes later by yet a third suicide bomber . Police have found two heads and one body separately , said Haider , who said authorities had assigned 2,500 police officers to the procession after receiving a warning that it might be attacked . Khusro Pervez , a senior government official , said the incidents took place around the time of the daily breaking of the Ramadan fast , and security may have been lax . "  At the end of the procession , security should have been more vigilant , " Pervez said . "  The incident happened because of security breach . " Pakistan is a largely Sunni Muslim nation , and the attack on Shiite Muslims conjures thoughts of the long-standing tensions between the two groups in the Middle East and Asia . Paramilitary forces have been deployed to the streets to bring order . Local TV channels showed pictures of angry people burning vehicles , beating police and trying to break into a police station . CNN 's Samson Desta contributed to this story .	Three blasts strike a Shiite procession in 30-minute span 218 people are wounded , with 7 in critical condition , officials say 2,500 police officers were assigned to procession after attack warning
Rrrrrchaelogists have recovered five big six pounders from t ' wreck o ' t ' famed scurvy dog Blackbeard 's ship off t ' coast o ' North Carolina . Now , for those of you who do n't speak pirate : . Five cannons from the Queen Anne 's Revenge , the sunken flagship of Edward Teach  better known as Blackbeard  , were recovered Monday by scientists from the North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources after nearly 300 years under the water of Beaufort Inlet . The team , working with the Coast Guard , brought the big guns -- 2,000 and 3,000 pounds -- to the surface of Beaufort Inlet on Monday . Billy Ray Morris , who manages the expedition , said he thinks the largest cannon is likely Swedish-made , as was another of the 40 big guns onboard that was already recovered . The project wrapped up for the year , but archaeologists will return for one more season in 2014 . The catch brings to 20 the number of cannons that have been salvaged from the ship . Each of the guns once fired 6-pound cannonballs . No word if any of the cannons was loaded . They likely will be added to the Queen Ann 's Revenge exhibit in Beaufort , which has more than 280,000 artifacts . Romanticized in history books as a notorious ruffian , Blackbeard , born in Britain , terrorized Atlantic seafarers from the shores of the American colonies to the Caribbean . Blackbeard survived after the ship was intentionally grounded in June 1718 . He left hundreds of his crew marooned , sort of an 18th century corporate downsizing , and apparently took most of the booty . The Queen Anne 's Revenge 's remains are scuttled two miles off the North Carolina coast in 25 feet of water . Blackbeard made it six more months before he was killed in a battle with British troops . His severed head was displayed on the bowsprit of the victors ' ship .	A total of 20 cannons have been recovered from the Queen Anne 's Revenge One of the cannons discovered is likely from Sweden Blackbeard terrorized mariners in the waters of the Atlantic , Caribbean He intentionally grounded his ship to rid himself of many of his large crew
CNN  -- Do n't ask Jerry Seinfeld about race . In a recent interview with Buzzfeed on "  CBS This Morning " the comedian was asked about the fact that most of the guests on his Web series "  Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee " have been white males . Seinfeld 's initial response was "  It really pisses me off . " "  People think -LSB- comedy -RSB- is the census or something , it 's got ta represent the actual pie chart of America , " he said . "  Who cares ? " With his Super Bowl commercial , Seinfeld is back on the radar , but his comments come at the same time as debate about diversity in comedy . "  Saturday Night Live " hired its first black female cast member in years after an outcry over the show 's lack of diversity . Gawker writer Kyle Chayka writes that by Seinfeld saying , "  I have no interest in gender or race or anything like that , " the comic "  seems to suggest that any comedian who is not a white male is also not funny , though he 's also likely fed up with the amount of bad comedy he 's been forced to sit through in his  waning  career . " "  Which is too bad , because Seinfeld is downplaying the work of everyone from Richard Pryor and Bill Cosby to Aziz Ansari , Mindy Kaling , and Eddie Huang , who are all in various stages of their own sitcoms that just might turn out to be the next ` Seinfeld , ' " Chayka writes . It 's not the first time Seinfeld has faced criticism regarding racial issues . When his hit NBC series "  Seinfeld " ended in 1998 , the Los Angeles Times had a feature about how it was a "  nonevent " for many in the black community because it had never seemed to capture the black audience because of a perceived lack of diversity . "  Observers said that the lack of ` Seinfeld ' fever among blacks is mainly attributable to the almost total absence of minority characters on the New York-based sitcom , " reported Los Angeles Times writer Greg Braxton . "  Some supporting characters -- including an attorney modeled after defense lawyer Johnnie L. Cochran Jr. -- have been featured in the last few seasons , but many said the show is still seen as a program that excludes minorities . "	Seinfeld questioned about lack of diversity on his Web series The comic said he has no interest in gender or race It 's not the first time he 's been criticized regarding diversity
The spokesman for the Ferguson , Missouri , police department is on unpaid leave and facing disciplinary action after reportedly describing the memorial honoring Michael Brown as a "  pile of trash " in an interview with The Washington Post , the city has announced . The newspaper quoted Officer Timothy Zoll after the memorial -- flowers , stuffed animals and other items in the street near where Brown was killed in a police shooting -- was destroyed on Christmas . "  I do n't know that a crime has occurred , " the newspaper quoted him as saying Friday . "  But a pile of trash in the middle of the street ? The Washington Post is making a call over this ? " St. Louis radio station KMOX later reported that Zoll told its reporter he had been misquoted and actually said that the memorial might have been destroyed by a motorist unfamiliar with the area who had mistaken it for a pile of trash . But in its Saturday night statement , the city said "  the officer admitted to Department investigators that he did in fact make the remarks attributed to him , and that he misled his superiors when asked about the contents of the interview . " It 's relatively unusual for government officials to comment on employee disciplinary issues , but anything involving the Michael Brown case is far from routine . Brown died August 9 after being shot by Officer Darren Wilson in a brief encounter that provoked protests across the nation before and after a grand jury declined to bring charges in the case . The shooting sharply divided Americans between those who sided with Wilson and other police officers as heroes patrolling dangerous streets , and those who argued too many officers bring an overbearing posture and quick-to-shoot mindset to largely African-American communities . Nowhere has that tension been greater than Ferguson , where the largely white police force has faced harsh criticism over poor relations with the city 's predominantly black population . City officials have pledged to improve that relationship , and took pains to note police Chief Thomas Jackson kept investigating the statement even after Zoll initially denied making it . "  The City of Ferguson wants to emphasize that negative remarks about the Michael Brown memorial do not reflect the feelings of the Ferguson Police Department and are in direct contradiction to the efforts of City officials to relocate the memorial to a more secure location , " the city said in its statement . In September , the memorial burned in what police said appeared to be an accident caused by burning candles , but which also raised suspicions in the area . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Washington Post quotes Officer Timothy Zoll describing memorial as "  pile of trash " Zoll denied saying that in interview with St. Louis radio station But police department says in statement he later acknowledged the remark He 's on unpaid leave and facing disciplinary action
CNN  -- In many ways , Maha Haddioui is the archetypal young professional women 's golfer , desperate to make a breakthrough on one of the major tours in Europe or the United States . Educated at an American university , the 22-year-old speaks four languages . Her Facebook page lists has hundreds of friends from all over the world . A stylist on the course , she sports an elegant line in clothing -- more often than not wearing a polo shirt and pink skirt . But , unlike her peers , Haddioui is a trailblazer in a region of the world that has seen turmoil and political upheaval over the past year , and where women 's freedoms are often severely restricted . Hailing from Morocco , she 's the first Arab woman to compete in a professional golf tournament . Her lifetime ambition is to follow in the footsteps of the North African nation 's legendary middle-distance track and field athletes and win Olympic gold . Golf will return to the four-yearly sporting showpiece in Brazil in 2016 after an absence of more than a century . "  I have always watched the Olympics with my father and it is the biggest sports event worldwide , " Haddioui told CNN . "  We have had some great Moroccan athletes like Hicham El Guerrouj that have made the country proud , and my dream is to follow in their footsteps . " Fortunately for Haddioui , she was brought up by a liberal family who did not insist on traditional dress code for their young daughter . Able to practice on local courses near their home in Agadir , she quickly showed an aptitude for golf and received support from the country 's ministry of sport . She has spent four years on the collegiate golf circuit in the United States , studying at Lynn University in Florida and earning the accolade of top-ranked NCAA Division II women 's golfer during that time . When she graduated , the repercussions of the Arab Spring began to be felt in the wider region , and in Morocco there were also demands for democratic change . The bulk of the country has been ruled by a monarchist dynasty since the 17th century , with King Mohammed VI holding power since 1999 . With regimes in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya swept away , Morocco 's 48-year-old ruler promised reforms . In November 's election he was obliged to choose the prime minister from the largest party , rather than by his own personal choice . He had , in 2004 , introduced measures which addressed women 's rights . "  I am a big supporter for freedom and peaceful change , " Haddioui said . "  We had a couple of peaceful protests in Morocco which have led to major changes in the constitution of the country , but we have enjoyed our freedoms in Morocco for decades . " Haddioui is proud of her country and wants to represent it with distinction . "  My aim is to be the first Moroccan and Arab golfer to make it into the European Tour , " she said . "  I hope that there will be a lot more women that will follow in my footsteps . " Success has already come with gold in women 's golf at last year 's Arab Games in Qatar in a team which included her younger sister Nezha . Last season , her first as a professional , Haddioui finished 25th in the Lalla Meryem Cup held in her hometown , and made the halfway cut at another Ladies ' European Tour  LET  event in Germany . But it is a big step from collegiate golf to the cut-throat professional world , and this year she will again rely on invites to main tour events . A disastrous second-round 84 at the LET qualifying school in La Manga in Spain wrecked her chances of winning a card with full playing rights . "  I do n't know what happened there , it was a tough week , " she admitted . But Haddioui is undeterred and will be looking to her home tournament in March on the Golf de l'Ocean course in Agadir to make a big impression . With a men 's European Tour event , the Hassan II Trophy , and the Lalla Meryem Cup held in the same week at the end of next month , plus a host of regional tournaments , Morocco is promoting itself as a golf destination par excellence . Outside investment , mainly from the Middle East , has brought several new courses and developments -- as Haddioui says , "  taking advantage of our fantastic weather and the opportunity to share a very rich culture . " Haddioui aside , Moroccan players either male or female have yet to make a much of an impression among the professional elite , but all that could be changing . "  Golf is becoming more affordable for locals thanks to the work of the Royal Golf Federation , " she said . With more youngsters playing , the talent is starting to emerge . Ahmad Marjan , 18 , has earned an invite to this week 's Dubai Desert Classic , where he will rub shoulders with some of the best players in the world . Haddioui will target December 's Dubai Ladies ' Masters on the LET as she tries to earn enough money to get an automatic card for 2013 . Though proud of her roots and background , it was her spell in the United States that decided on her career path . "  Getting an education in the U.S. is definitely the best choice I have made in my life , " she said . "  It allowed me to play golf and pursue my education at the same time . It has prepared me for my current life as a professional golfer where I have to travel on my own . "	Maha Haddioui is first Arab woman to play golf in a major professional event Haddioui wants to win Olympic gold and tournaments in Europe and the United States The 22-year-old from Morocco is supported by her national federation She wants "  peaceful " changes to spread democracy in her country
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A spokesman for the Taliban denied on Wednesday a weekend report that Taliban representatives may meet with officials representing the government of President Hamid Karzai in Saudi Arabia in the coming weeks . "  There is no doubt that Saudi Arabia is a respectful country for us as it is the place for the house of God and many more Islamic sacred , but the rumor which has recently been spread by media that the Taliban delegation would meet with Karzai administrationÂ ¹ s representatives in the Saudi Arabia is completely incorrect , " said spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid in a statement . He added that the Taliban are working to create an understanding with the international community , but negotiations have not begun . That 's because a trust-building stage , which must come before any negotiations , has not been completed , he said . He called the reports "  baseless and unconfirmed . " The statement came several days after a senior Afghan official said that the Afghan government was hoping to hold talks with Taliban representatives in Saudi Arabia in the coming weeks . The senior official , speaking anonymously as he was discussing sensitive diplomatic issues , said the plans for a meeting between insurgents and Afghan officials were at such an early stage that it was not clear who would attend or when any talks would be held . "  The principle is that , although there is now an agreement -- almost -- to set up an office in Doha  Qatar  , that does n't necessarily mean that all conversations will take place in Doha , " the official said . "  We will talk to the same or different individuals  from the insurgency  in a different location . Obviously , Saudi Arabia has been supportive of the recent agenda and has hosted talks in the past . It is likely that we are heading there in the future for meetings . " He said the dates and participants were still being worked out and insisted that any Saudi discussions would feed into the Qatar process . This is "  absolutely not in opposition to the Qatar process , " he added , calling the talks in that Gulf state "  a very substantive step forward . " While the Afghan official was unable to say whether the Americans would attend any talks held in Saudi Arabia , he insisted , "  The U.S. is supportive of the idea . It is far too early to discuss any specifics about this . " The creation of a parallel process to the Qatar talks risks frustrating American efforts to bring the Taliban and Afghan officials together . The current "  talks about talks " in Doha are the product of months of U.S. efforts to reach out to the insurgency , which came to sudden fruition last month when the Taliban announced that they would support opening an office in their name in Qatar . Officials in President Hamid Karzai 's government privately voiced frustration at being excluded from the early stages of this process , but agreed to support it last week . The official said the Qatar process could move forward once the Qataris send a delegation to Kabul to discuss the next steps , adding that he hoped that would be soon . He said that , as of last weekend , there were no Afghan government officials in Qatar to support any discussions . "  To fully assume ownership of the Qatar process is important for us , " the official added . "  We will work in the weeks ahead " to do that . He said the Americans needed a clear statement from the insurgents , distancing themselves from terrorism , for their role in the Qatar process to move forward and for an office to be established . "  We know and are aware the are Taliban representatives in Doha , " he said . "  There are channels in fact , and we are aware of the presence . What 's not yet established is the office . " CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	Taliban spokesman says any negotiations must be preceded by a trust-building stage He calls the report of talks with Afghan representatives in Saudi Arabia "  baseless and unconfirmed "
CNN  -- Within just a few days , Ray Fearing went from the height of ecstasy -- he had just gotten a much-needed kidney transplant -- to the depths of depression , after finding out his transplant would need to be removed . "  I had been waiting for 10 years to finally have a normal life , " said Fearing , a 27-year-old from Arlington Heights , Illinois . "  When it did n't work out , for a few days I just curled inward and started losing all hope . It was not an easy time . " What is notable about Fearing 's case is not that he eventually got over his depression , or that he had an organ removed after transplantation -- those things happen . What is remarkable is the simple , altruistic gesture he made just before his doctors removed his kidney that led to what scientists are describing as a medical first . Fearing donated his transplanted kidney to another patient , and the organ that had been failing inside Fearing 's body thrived in the new recipient . "  When we removed that dysfunctioning kidney from Ray 's environment , it recovered rapidly after being transplanted in a second recipient , " said Dr. Lorenzo Gallon , Fearing 's doctor and medical director of the kidney transplant program Northwestern Memorial Hospital . "  It is the first time that has happened . " "  It 's amazing stuff , it really is , " said Dr. Lynda Szczech , a nephrologist and president of the National Kidney Foundation . "  I do n't know if this is something we 're going to get into with great regularity , but the fact that these providers were able to think outside the box to save such a precious resource is frankly amazing . " Fearing 's kidney transplant was in June 2011 , using an organ donated by his sister , Cera Fearing . He had been struggling for years with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis , a disease that causes scar tissue to develop in the part of the kidney that filters harmful substances . A few days after his operation , doctors took a biopsy of the new kidney and found it was quickly becoming damaged by the FSGS . The cascade of problems following the operation was swift . Fearing said that soon after his operation , "  My abdomen was full of blood and very sore and -LSB- Dr. Gallon -RSB- told me he had to remove the kidney immediately . " Gallon said the situation , having to remove an organ to which so many hopes were now attached , haunted him . But when he realized the organ could still be viable in another patient , he decided to broach the idea with Fearing . "  I said the kidney is yours , we can do whatever you want , " said Gallon , who consulted with his hospital 's ethics board before approaching Fearing . "  But if we take it out , we will discard it . Are you willing to allow us to see if this kidney might work for someone else ? " Fearing did not hesitate . "  There are thousands of people waiting for organs , I could n't see myself just discarding one , " said Fearing . The window of time in which to remove an organ that has been transplanted is narrow , said Dr. Matthew Cooper , director of the kidney transplant program at the University of Maryland Medical Center . Once a kidney is put into place , like any other transplant , it develops scar tissue around it . "  After a period of time , technically it is very difficult to remove it , " said Cooper . "  It is equally difficult to think about transferring it to someone else . " Cooper said he just had scenario similar to Fearing 's : A mother donated a kidney to her daughter , who suffers with FSGS . Ultimately , the kidney had to be removed . "  Hearing about this case , I 'm thinking ` Wow , what a cool idea , ' " said Cooper . "  I do n't know why we did n't think of it . " Of course , the procedure undertaken at Northwestern is not standard ; an organ with even marginal functionality would usually stay in the patient . "  In this case we 're not talking about a lack of perfect function , " said Gallon . "  We 're talking about a kidney making Ray sicker than it would have been to keep the kidney in . " But that kidney would ultimately make another patient , 67-year-old Erwin Gomez , better . Gomez 's kidneys were irreversibly damaged , he said , after 20 years of struggling with hypertension . Once he received the new kidney , whatever damage that had occurred while it was implanted in Fearing was reversed . "  The disease , if captured early enough , is reversible when you remove the organ from the original recipient , " said Gallon . "  But another part of the story is that when a patient 's kidney failed , he had the strength to say ` Let 's help someone else . ' That gesture has more weight than words . " The reality Fearing faces now is a long , difficult wait for another organ.For Gomez , receiving Fearing 's organ means he could go back to work as a cardiovascular surgeon , and he has more time with his grandchildren . "  I feel bad for him because his misfortune is my gain , " said Gomez , who on Wednesday met Fearing and his sister , Cera . "  I 'm completely grateful to them for considering re-transplanting that kidney ... I owe them eternal gratitude . " Fearing said that when he thinks about other people  91,836 and counting  waiting for a kidney transplant possibly benefitting from what he went through , it stems the tide of sadness he sometimes feels about his situation . "  It was hell when I went through it , " said Fearing . "  It is better that my situation helps people than having it take over my life . "	Transplant recipient Ray Fearing donates his failing transplanted kidney to another patient For the first time a failing transplanted kidney has thrived in a new recipient , says doctor It allows the new recipient to resume his work as a cardiovascular surgeon "  It 's amazing stuff , it really is , " says president of the National Kidney Foundation
CNN  -- If only they 'd all bitten their tongues . Miley Cyrus and Katy Perry have gotten into a mini war of words over their shared smooch at Cyrus ' concert in February . At the time , it seemed the two pop stars were playing off Perry 's hit , "  I Kissed a Girl , " as Cyrus said after the kiss was over , "  I just kissed a girl , and I really liked it a lot . " But according to Perry , Cyrus wanted more than Perry was willing to give . Her show "  was amazing , " the 29-year-old said on Australian morning show "  Sunrise " on Tuesday . "  She has this one part where it 's like a kiss cam , and I just walked up to her to give her like a friendly girly kiss , you know , as us girls do , and then she like , tried to move her head and go deeper and I pulled away . " "  God knows where that tongue has been . We do n't know ! That tongue is so infamous ! " Cyrus has heard about Perry 's quip and gave her response on Twitter , coyly mentioning Perry 's rumored ex-boyfriend , John Mayer . "  Girl if ur worried abt where tongues have been good thing ur ex boo is ur EX BOO cause we ALL know where THAT  tongue  been , " Cyrus posted on March 6 . While the stars ' back-and-forth appeared to be a little tart , Perry has taken Cyrus ' ribbing in stride .	Katy Perry and Miley Cyrus are having a fallout over their kiss Perry joked that Cyrus wanted more than she was willing to give Cyrus heard about it , and fired back with a tweet referencing Perry 's rumored ex The two pop stars kissed each other at Cyrus ' concert on February 22
CNN  -- An agreement could be reached before week 's end between Washington University students and an Illinois nightclub that allegedly barred six African-American students while admitting nearly 200 of their white classmates . Fernando Cutz , senior class president at the university in Missouri , said the aggrieved students have been in contact with lawyers representing Original Mother 's , a bar in Chicago 's Gold Coast neighborhood . The two sides expect a resolution to their dispute as early as Wednesday , Cutz said . He did not , however , say what the students were demanding or why he was optimistic that a deal could be struck . The students complained to state and federal agencies after six African-American members from their senior class trip celebration were denied admission to the club on October 17 . Bar personnel cited dress code violations -- specifically baggy jeans -- in barring the African-American students , Cutz said . A white student and a black student then exchanged jeans to see what would happen . The white student was admitted , while his classmate still was kept outside , Cutz said . Calls from CNN to the nightclub were not immediately returned . The bar told the Chicago Tribune newspaper that it was investigating . The celebration at Original Mother 's was to top off a two-day senior class trip to Chicago , Cutz said . The party had been arranged with the bar in advance by the student class board , which includes two of the African-American students who were later denied entry , Cutz said . He said he was already inside the bar with some 200 other students , none of whom are African-American , when the first group of African-American classmates arrived . Cutz said he quickly learned that the manager of the bar had denied the six students entry , and he said the manager told the students their baggy pants violated the bar 's dress code . Cutz , who is white , said he confronted the manager . "  These six -LSB- students -RSB- were better dressed than I was , " Cutz told CNN . He told the students to "  go back to the hotel and change . " But the manager of the bar stepped in to say that he had made his decision and that the six men could not return to the bar even if they changed clothes , Cutz said . The students became "  more agitated " and "  set up an experiment , " Cutz said . Class Treasurer Regis Murayi , who is black , exchanged jeans with a white student , Jordan Roberts , who -- being 3 inches shorter than Murayi -- looked "  substantially baggy . " Roberts approached the same manager who had turned away the African-American students , paid the entry fee and was allowed in , Cutz said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti also contributed to this report .	Group : Bar kept African-American students out , let white classmates in Washington University 's senior class was celebrating at the Chicago bar Class president : Bar cited dress code violations , but clothing swap did n't help Class complains to Illinois attorney general , others ; bar has n't returned CNN 's calls
A Massachusetts judge ruled Monday that the public should know exactly what investigators seized from the home of former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez , who has been charged with murder in the death of a friend . Bristol County District Judge Daniel O'Shea ordered the documents to be made available Tuesday afternoon . The documents to be released include search warrants , police affidavits explaining what they were looking for and what was taken away as possible evidence . Hernandez has been charged with premeditated murder in the death of Odin Lloyd , 27 . He has pleaded not guilty . O'Shea ruled in favor of a motion filed by media outlets including the Patriot Ledger in Quincy , Massachusetts ; the Taunton Daily Gazette in Taunton , Massachusetts ; and the Associated Press . Hernandez jersey exchange draws 1,200-plus Defense attorneys representing Aaron Hernandez opposed the motion . They can appeal the court 's decision . In court papers , lawyers for the media argued "  the press 's  sic  ability to keep the public informed is premised in large part on open access to the court system and on its ability to examine and report on public documents . " At Hernandez 's arraignment last month , prosecutors said they had examined his cell phone and 14-camera home surveillance system . Authorities have said Hernandez , 23 , and two other men picked Lloyd up from his Boston apartment early on June 17 . Surveillance cameras captured the car at an industrial park near Hernandez 's North Attleborough home . Lloyd 's body was found in the industrial park later that day , authorities have said . Also on Monday , Ernest Wallace , one of two men who police say was in the car with Hernandez the night Lloyd was killed , agreed to be held without bail pending his next hearing . Patriots owner Kraft speaks out about Hernandez A prosecutor told a judge in Attleboro , Massachusetts , that Wallace had accepted the decision in the presence of his lawyer , David Meier . Meier declined to comment to reporters . Wallace winked at his family and appeared to mouth the words "  I love you " but was not asked to address the court . Wallace is charged with accessory after the fact to murder . He pleaded not guilty . His next hearing is scheduled for July 22 . Another man who police say was in the car the night of Lloyd 's slaying , Carlos Ortiz , is already being held without bail and has pleaded not guilty to a weapons charge . At a news conference after Wallace 's court hearing , Bristol County District Attorney Samuel Sutter declined to directly answer a question from CNN about whether Wallace or Ortiz is cooperating with authorities . Search of Hernandez 's apartment reveals new evidence "  It 's an excellent question , " Sutter said . "  But I 'm not going to comment one way or the other at this point . " A law enforcement source has told CNN that Ortiz is cooperating with investigators but declined to elaborate . In court papers , Ortiz allegedly told police that the day after Lloyd was killed , he and Hernandez went to a Franklin , Massachusetts , apartment leased by Hernandez . In the apartment , investigators say there was a "  white colored hooded sweatshirt " similar to the one he was seen wearing on surveillance video the night of the killing . Ortiz has a status hearing scheduled for Tuesday , but prosecutors say if Ortiz agrees to continue to be held without bail , the hearing will likely be canceled . Legal woes mount for former Patriots tight end	Papers about evidence collected in Aaron Hernandez case should be released , judge says Ruling stems from filing from several media outlets requesting the papers , available Tuesday Hernandez 's defense team opposes the ruling and has the option to appeal Hernandez is charged with premeditated murder in the slaying of Odin Lloyd
Just over two weeks after the fatal shooting , and less than a month before an arrest was made , police in Sanford , Florida , urged prosecutors to take George Zimmerman into custody after arguing his killing of Trayvon Martin was "  ultimately avoidable . " This disclosure came out Thursday , part of a wealth of information released that is related to the case , including the medical 's examiner 's finding that the 17-year-old Martin had traces of drugs in his system in an autopsy conducted hours after his death . Overall , the newly released material paints the most complete picture yet of how investigators built the case , as well as its complexity . The police perspective was most succinctly stated in a March 13 "  capias request " -- a request that someone be taken into custody -- sent to the state 's attorney . It speaks to the fact that Zimmerman ignored a police dispatcher 's advice not to chase Martin , as well as his communications with Martin prior to the shooting . New documents shed light on Trayvon Martin killing "  The encounter between George Zimmerman and Trayvon Martin was ultimately avoidable by Zimmerman , if Zimmerman had remained in his vehicle and awaited the arrival of law enforcement , or conversely if he had identified himself to Martin as a concerned citizen and initiated dialog  sic  in an effort to dispel each party 's concern " the request said . "  There is no indication that Trayvon Martin was involved in any criminal activity . " In his 911 call just before the shooting , Zimmerman had speculated that the teen looked like he was "  up to no good or he 's on drugs or something . " But Martin 's defenders have portrayed Zimmerman as the aggressor , accusing him of profiling the African-American teen . Plus , one expert notes the traces of the marijuana-related substance found in the teen 's system , as measured hours after his death , do n't necessarily speak to any level of intoxication , while another adds that marijuana use typically does n't make people prone to aggression . Martin 's blood contained THC , which is the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana , according to autopsy results released Thursday . The autopsy was conducted February 27 , the day after the teenager was shot dead . Toxicology tests found elements of the drug in the teenager 's chest blood -- 1.5 nanograms per milliliter of one type  THC  , as well as 7.3 nanograms of another type  THC-COOH  -- according to the medical examiner 's report . There also was a presumed positive test of cannabinoids in Martin 's urine , according to the medical examiner 's report . It was not immediately clear how significant these amounts were . No precise levels on the urine were released . Dr. Michael Policastro , a toxicologist , cautioned against reading too much into the blood THC levels , adding that one can not make a direct correlation between those findings and a level of intoxication . He also noted levels of THC , which can linger in a person 's system for days , can spike after death in certain areas of the body because of redistribution . And Dr. Drew Pinsky , an addiction specialist who hosts a show on CNN 's sister network HLN , added that marijuana typically does not make users more aggressive . Concentrations of THC routinely rise to 100 to 200 ng/ml after marijuana use , though it typically falls to below 5 ng/ml within three hours of it being smoked , according to information on the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 's website . While some states have zero-tolerance policies for any drug traces for driving while impaired , others set certain benchmarks , the website of California 's Department of Alcohol and Drug Programs notes . In Nevada , that equates to 2 ng/ml for THC and 5 ng/ml for THC-COOH , also known as marijuana metabolite . The cutoff level in Ohio is 2 ng/ml for THC and 50 ng/ml for THC-COOH . According to the medical examiner 's report , which was one of several documents on the case released Thursday by the office of special prosecutor Angela Corey , Martin died from a gunshot wound to chest fired from "  intermediate range , " within 36 inches . The autopsy report lists the manner of death as a homicide . What happened that night ? Zimmerman , 28 , is charged with second-degree murder for killing Martin in the Sanford neighborhood where the African-American teen was staying . Martin 's father , Tracy , had taken his son with him to Sanford , about four hours away from the boy 's home and where the father 's fiance lived , after the teen was suspended for 10 days from Michael M. Krop High School in Miami . According to records obtained by the Miami Herald , Martin had been suspended from school three times : once for writing graffiti on a door , another time for school truancy and the last time due to drug residue being found in his backpack . Speaking of her son 's suspension to CNN 's Anderson Cooper , Sybrina Fulton said , "  Whatever he had dealings with the school , it was not criminal , it was not violent , he 's never been arrested . " Just before the shooting , Zimmerman called 911 to complain about a suspicious person in his neighborhood . In the call Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , said he was following Martin after the teen started to run , prompting the dispatcher to tell him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Zimmerman apparently disregarded that advice . Much has been made about whether Zimmerman during that call used a racial epithet in referring to Martin . But an FBI analysis , released Thursday , determined that the word could not be definitively identified "  due to weak signal level and poor recording quality . " A screaming voice could be heard on other 911 calls placed by neighbors , with some speculating those screams came from Martin and others that they belonged to Zimmerman . The FBI did not make a final determination either way , citing several reasons including the fact they came during "  an extreme emotional state , " there were n't enough words to make a good comparison and the sound quality was low and distant . FBI analysis -- Zimmerman 's 911 call  pdf -- strong language Zimmerman claimed , according a police report released earlier , that he 'd been "  assaulted  by Martin  and his head was struck on the pavement . " According a report from the Sanford Fire Department , released Thursday , Zimmerman had "  abrasions to his forehead , " "  bleeding/tenderness to his nose , " and a "  small laceration to the back of his head " when emergency personnel arrived at the scene at 7:27 p.m. , six minutes after they were first called . By that time , Martin had no apparent pulse , according to the fire and EMS report . Emergency personnel attempted mouth-to-mask resuscitation and chest compressions , to no avail . He was pronounced dead at 7:30 p.m. Prosecutors have said Zimmerman , who is a white Hispanic , killed the unarmed teenager unjustly after profiling him . Zimmerman , who has pleaded not guilty , has said that he shot Martin in self-defense . The start of the trial has n't been set . The case put a spotlight on race relations , spurring protests nationwide and drawing prominent civil rights leaders to central Florida denouncing the actions of Sanford police and calling for Zimmerman 's arrest . Special prosecutor Angela Corey announced he 'd been charged on April 11 , weeks after Sanford police initially declined to do so . It also raised questions about gun laws , as well as the merits of the "  Stand Your Ground " law in Florida , and similar laws in other states that allow people to use deadly force anywhere they feel a reasonable threat of serious injury or death .	Martin would be alive if Zimmerman stayed in his vehicle , police said Trayvon Martin was pronounced dead 3 minutes after firefighters and EMS arrived Evidence of THC , an ingredient in marijuana , was found in Martin 's blood , tests show Firefighters find forehead "  abrasions " and "  bleeding " from Zimmerman 's nose
CNN Student News  -- March 4 , 2014 This Tuesday , CNN Student News explains why everything from international relations to wheat prices may hinge on a crisis in Ukraine . From there , we move to Iran , where the government is encouraging residents to raise larger families . And we look at the threats that space "  junk " poses to space travelers . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might news coverage of the crisis in Ukraine differ between American and Russian media ? How might it differ among various media within Ukraine ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . global economy 2 . space "  junk " 3 . Iditarod Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . According to the report : Who asked Russia to send troops into Ukraine ? Why ? What actions are being considered by the U.S. regarding this crisis ? How has the crisis affected international markets and the prices of certain commodities ? 2 . Why have family sizes dropped in Iran since the 1980s ? Why is Iran encouraging its citizens to have larger families ? Why are some people hesitant to do this ? 3 . What is Iditarod known as ? How long is the race ? What does it commemorate ? Who looks after the sled dogs ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Are you concerned about the crisis in Ukraine ? Why or why not ? What questions do you have about this crisis ? Can you think of other potential ripple effects it could cause ? Explain . 2 . To what extent , if any , can a government influence its citizens ' family decisions ? What kinds of stresses might underpopulation and overpopulation place on a country ? Should economic conditions be considered when people decide whether to have children ? Why or why not ? 3 . Why do you think that space "  junk " has n't been removed from orbit ? Do you think it should influence decisions regarding space travel ? Explain . In your opinion , how important is space travel ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Sevastopol , Ukraine  CNN  -- Pro-Russian troops reportedly smash open the gates of a Ukrainian base . Russia 's navy traps Ukrainian ships . Armed men refuse to allow military observers to enter Ukraine 's Crimea region . The crisis in Ukraine took on a decidedly military flavor Friday as tensions flared between Moscow and Kiev over control of Crimea , even as the world 's diplomats said conflict could be avoided . Crimea , a self-governing peninsula in southern Ukraine with an ethnic Russian majority and strong cultural ties to Russia , has become the epicenter of a battle for influence between Moscow , Kiev and the West since Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych was pushed out of office by protesters who were angered over his rebuff of a trade deal with the European Union in favor of one with Russia . In the days since Yanukovych was ousted , thousands of Russian troops have surrounded military bases and key infrastructure sites , and they have taken control of border crossings . At the same time , a political battle has been playing out between the two countries , with Russia 's Parliament on Friday giving its defiant support to Crimean lawmakers who want to see their region split from Ukraine and join Russia . Complete coverage on the Ukraine crisis Political moves The lawmakers ' unanimous call for a vote on separation prompted howls of outrage Thursday in the United States and Europe and the threat of sanctions , including asset freezes , visa bans and travel bans . The delegation from the Crimean Parliament , which said it would put the decision to a public vote on March 16 , headed to Moscow on Friday and got a very different reaction . Valentina Matvienko , speaker of Russia 's upper house of Parliament , told the Crimean delegation it would "  support and welcome " any decision made by the Crimean people to become a part of Russia . Ukrainian interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk condemned talk of a split . "  I want to warn separatists and other traitors of the Ukrainian state who are trying to work against Ukraine , any of your decisions taken is unlawful , unconstitutional , and nobody in the civilized world is going to recognize the results of the so-called referendum of the so-called Crimean authorities , " he said Friday . Russia has denounced Yanukovych 's ouster as an illegitimate coup , and Russian President Vladimir Putin has refused to recognize the new Ukrainian authorities . Putin has insisted he has the right to use military force in Ukraine if necessary to protect ethnic Russians in Crimea . But Ukrainian officials say no threat exists , and Putin is using it as a pretext to control the region . Map : How Ukraine is divided U.S. President Barack Obama set out a potential solution to the crisis when he spoke to Putin on Thursday , the White House said . The proposal includes direct talks between Kiev and Moscow , the withdrawal of Russian forces , international support for elections on May 25 , and the presence of international monitors to "  ensure that the rights of all Ukrainians are protected , including ethnic Russians , " Obama said . Crimean threat ? What has mostly been a peaceful standoff in Crimea , with virtually no sign of Ukrainian military movement , appeared to take a turn on Friday when pro-Russian forces smashed open the gates of a Ukrainian base near Sevastopol that controls airspace in southern Ukraine , Vitaly Onishenko , a deputy commander at the base , told CNN . Ukraine 's military spokesman initially said the forces were Cossacks , akin to Russian paramilitary troops , but Onishenko later dismissed that claim and said the forces were Russian and wore military uniforms with no insignia . Ukrainian troops refused to surrender and barricaded themselves inside a control room , Onishenko said . Outside the base , self-styled Crimean defense forces , similar to local militias , attacked journalists , he said . At least one person , believed to be a journalist , was injured and taken to a hospital , he said . The standoff at the base eventually ended with the Russian-speaking forces pulling back to the outside of the base , Onishenko said . Ukrainian authorities also reported that the Russian Black Sea Fleet sank a second of its own , old ships at the entrance to Lake Donuzlav , an inlet on the western coast of Crimea that is home to a Ukrainian naval base . Viktor Shmihanovsky , vice commander of the base , told CNN that several Ukrainian naval ships are now trapped inside . Unidentified armed troops also have blocked unarmed European military observers from entering the country for the second straight day . Masked men carrying rifles and wearing camouflage uniforms stopped the 43 observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , a regional security organization , at a checkpoint separating the mainland from the Crimean peninsula , CNN 's Matthew Chance said . One man , speaking in Russian , said : "  I 've been ordered by the government of Crimea not to let anyone in . " Live : Ukraine crisis updates And in signs that the pro-Russian Crimean authorities are clamping down on dissent within the peninsula , at least two Ukrainian channels , 1 +1 and Channel 5 , have been blocked from broadcasting . The head of 1 +1 told CNN that Russian state TV outlet Channel One is now broadcasting on its frequency . A Bulgarian freelance journalist and his colleague also were assaulted while filming in Simferopol , the regional capital . The journalist told CNN he was wrestled to the ground , and a gun was put to his head . The incident was captured on surveillance footage and aired on a Ukrainian TV channel , Hromadske TV . The standoff has also prompted neighboring countries and their allies to boost military defenses , with the United States beefing up its number of fighter jets in Lithuania and Poland . The USS Truxton , a guided-missile destroyer , was also heading to the Black Sea to join in pre-planned military exercises with Romanian and Bulgarian forces . Asset freezes , visa bans Meanwhile , as the West seeks to put the diplomatic squeeze on Russia , European Union nations said they 'll suspend some talks with Russia and have threatened travel bans , asset freezes and the cancellation of a planned EU-Russia summit . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius told French public radio Friday that tougher measures are planned if Moscow does n't act to de-escalate the situation . "  And if another attempt is made , then we would enter into something completely different -- that is to say serious consequences for the relations between Europe and Russia , " he said . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov warned against sanctions , saying in a statement that they would "  inevitably boomerang " on the United States . But there 's help on hand for the fledgling government in Kiev . Ukraine 's new government and the EU have agreed to revive a trade deal and an aid package that could bring $ 15 billion to Ukraine . The International Monetary Fund is also ready to help , the head of the agency 's European section said . NATO is willing to help Ukraine 's military "  modernize and strengthen , " Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told CNN 's Becky Anderson on Friday . Such aid is desperately needed . The Russian gas company , Gazprom , has not received any payment from Ukraine in February , according to the company 's CEO , the Russian state news agency Itar-Tass , reported Friday . CEO Alexey Miller said Gazprom can not give Ukraine gas for free , Itar-Tass reported . In Crimea : ` We will protect our land from Western extremists ' Paralympic protest Ukraine 's Paralympic team sent just one member to participate in the opening ceremony of the Paralympic Games in the Russian city of Sochi , said Dmitry Bulatov , Ukrainian minister of sports and youth . The decision to boycott the ceremonies , with the exception of a single flag bearer , was made unanimously by the team , he said . "  This is how our team expresses protest against aggressors and occupants entering our land , " Bulatov said . Official delegations from the United States , Britain , the Netherlands , Canada and Poland earlier announced plans not to attend the Games . Athletes from those countries will still compete . Muslim minority fears for safety Russian speakers make up about 60 % of Crimea 's population of more than 2 million , but around a quarter are Ukrainian and 12 % are Crimean Tatar , a predominately Muslim minority . Neither of the latter two groups would welcome a switch to Russian control . A CNN crew met with Crimean Tatars in the town of Bakhchisaray amid fears for their safety that have reminded some of past oppression under the Soviet Union . Many spent years in exile -- in Kazakhstan , Uzbekistan or other Soviet republics -- after the Soviet Union deported them for supposedly collaborating with Adolf Hitler . "  It is not legal , " one elderly man said . "  We are the original nation of Crimea . Our Khan state was here . Russia left us with no rights . "  We do n't want to be with Russia , we want to be with Ukraine , " he said . Ukraine PM : Crimea ` was , is and will be an integral part of Ukraine ' CNN 's Diana Magnay reported from Sevastopol , and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Tim Schwarz in Kiev , Alla Eshchenko in Moscow , Bharati Naik , Jason Hanna and Ursin Caderas also contributed to this report .	NEW : Pro-Russian forces face off with Ukrainian troops at Crimea base NEW : Journalists are attacked by self-styled pro-Russian defense forces European observers turned back from entering Crimea by armed men for a second day Russian Parliament says it 'll back Crimea separation vote despite sanctions threat
LONDON , England  CNN  -- English football fans hoping to travel to Moscow for this month 's Champions League final between Manchester United and Chelsea face spiraling costs and an anxious wait for visas amid a simmering diplomatic row between the UK and Russia . Chelsea fans hoping to follow their side to Moscow face hefty expenses and an anxious wait over visas . Upwards of 50,000 fans are expected to travel to the May 21 match from the UK , defying expensive flights and warnings about a shortage of accommodation in the Russian capital -- one of the world 's most expensive cities . But there were fears on Thursday that Russia 's stringent visa requirements for British citizens could further complicate matters for fans . In a statement , the Russian Embassy in London pledged to fulfil its obligations to enable all fans with tickets to the game to travel . But it also criticized the UK government for tightening restrictions on Russians traveling in the opposite direction , imposed following the apparent murder of the exiled Russian dissident Alexander Litvinenko in 2006 . "  If we had an agreement similar to the one Russia has in place with EU , most problems could have been avoided , " the statement said . The embassy also criticized the UK for imposing "  cumbersome " visa requirements on supporters of the Russian side , Zenit St. Petersburg , which could reach the UEFA Cup final in Manchester on May 14 , including biometric tests , online-only applications and interviews with consulate officials . But there was speculation as well on Thursday that Moscow may be prepared to temporarily lift some visa requirements in a gesture of good will . The UK 's Times newspaper quoted a foreign ministry spokesman as saying that Russian authorities would waive the need for visa applicants to produce a letter of invitation in the case of ticket holders . UEFA communications director William Gaillard praised Russia 's flexibility on Wednesday and said a simplified visa application procedure could be in place by the end of the week . "  The Russians have shown great flexibility and hopefully within the next 48 hours we will be announcing a more simplified procedure for visas to make it easier for fans to get to Moscow , " Gaillard told the UK 's Press Association . Manchester United Chief Executive David Gill said on Wednesday that those traveling on official club packages were assured of a visa . "  If you are on an organized trip , your ticket will be your visa . The actual specifics and fine details will be addressed in the next day or so and then we will communicate with the fans . "  Everyone recognizes in order for it to be a showcase , which it clearly will be , you have to ease entry into the country while not totally doing away with what the Russian authorities require . " But Gill warned that demand for tickets would leave many fans disappointed : "  We could sell well over 100,000 tickets for this final , so there will be a lot of disappointed people . " Both United and Chelsea have each received around 21,000 tickets for the match . But with officially allocated tickets expected to be snapped up by season ticket holders and loyalty scheme members , many more fans are expected to travel to Moscow independently . Flights from London to Moscow on the day of the match , returning the following day were available for around $ 1,600 over the internet on Thursday . But the British foreign office Web site advised Thursday that there were no hotel vacancies in Moscow and warned supporters that they would not be able to find a room on arrival . Meanwhile , UK sports minister Gerry Sutcliffe urged fans to be on their best behavior in Moscow , warning that trouble could derail England 's bid to host the 2018 World Cup . "  I was really impressed and pleased that the European champions final will be an all-English final but that brings some responsibilities for the teams involved and their supporters , " Sutcliffe told PA. . "  It should be a great advert for the Premier League and for English football but it will also be the place everyone will be looking at if anything goes wrong . "  If that happened it would not only be damaging for the two teams participating but could also have a big impact on the reputation of our game at a time when we are trying to encourage football nations to support our World Cup bid . " With the match due to kick off at 2245 local time , the British foreign office Web site advised supporters "  not to let alcohol spoil their Champions League final experience , " pointing out that smoking and drinking in Red Square are illegal . "  The Foreign and Commonwealth Office is providing detailed information for those fans who are traveling , " said minister for Europe Jim Murphy . "  So I encourage those who are going , to look at the specific travel advice on how to enjoy a trouble-free and successful visit to Moscow . " E-mail to a friend	English fans face spiraling expenses , visa anxiety ahead of European Cup final The Russian Embassy criticizes UK for tightening Russian visa requirements Up to 50,000 Chelsea and Manchester United fans expected to go to Moscow
CNN  -- The global H1N1 pandemic is over , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the World Health Organization said Tuesday . "  We are moving out of the pandemic into the post-pandemic period , " said Margaret Chan , director-general of the WHO . Chan said that while several countries -- including India and New Zealand -- are still experiencing significant H1N1 flu transmission , out-of-season flu outbreaks are no longer being reported in the northern or southern hemispheres . "  This pandemic has turned out to have been much more fortunate than what we feared a little over a year ago , " Chan told reporters in a news conference Tuesday . She attributed the end of the pandemic to several factors : that the virus did not mutate to a more lethal form , the H1N1 flu vaccine proved to be a good match and widespread resistance to the antiviral drug Tamiflu did not develop . "  This time around , we have been aided by pure good luck , " Chan said . The WHO announced the global H1N1 pandemic June 11 , 2009 . A pandemic is a sudden outbreak of a disease that is spread by human transmission , which quickly becomes widespread and affects a large region or several countries . The CDC in Atlanta , Georgia , said the U.S. Public Health emergency for H1N1 ended on June 23 of this year . H1N1 is no longer the dominating flu strain . Chan said health officials are now seeing a mixed virus pattern : In addition to the H1N1 strain , an H3N2 flu strain and Influenza B virus also are circulating . All three strains are included in the upcoming seasonal flu vaccine . So H1N1 is not gone , but as the WHO explains , the flu activity health officials are now seeing is typical seasonal flu activity . The CDC statement came after an emergency committee of the WHO said Tuesday the public health emergency triggered by the emergence of the H1N1 virus "  should be considered over . " The committee advised Chan "  that the world was no longer experiencing an influenza pandemic , " the organization said in a statement . CNN "  s Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	World Health Organization chief says the global H1N1 pandemic is over Chan says out-of-season flu outbreaks are no longer being reported in the northern or southern hemispheres Several countries - including India and New Zealand - are still experiencing significant H1N1 flu transmission WHO said other flu viruses are circulating , making for a "  typical " flu season
CNN  -- It is 1a . m. at the Manila offices of VXi and nearly everyone is on the phone . Hundreds of employees , each wearing a headset , are answering calls from thousands of miles away , providing technical advice and sales services to customers of some of the United States ' best-known companies . VXi is at the center of one of the Philippine 's greatest economic success stories of the last decade : call centers . Industry experts estimate that the industry here has grown to $ 11 billion and employs over 600,000 workers . That 's even more than in India . "  You 'd be hard pressed to find families that do n't have one person in their families employed in the call center industry , " says Eppie Titong , senior site director at VXi 's Manila office . While the Philippines has struggled to grow other industries such as manufacturing or tourism , the country has found it is uniquely positioned to excel in the call center business . Thanks to historical ties to the United States , the Philippines has a large , English-speaking population , with an accent that many consider light or easy for the American ear . Most Filipinos are also familiar with American cultural exports , ranging from American Idol to Krispy Kreme donuts . This informal bond , employers say , makes it easier for them to relate to Americans over the telephone . Philippine culture is also known for its hospitality . "  We are friendly , " says call center supervisor Audison "  Ives " Tan Dejos . "  We do care . We have the empathy . " On the economic front , the Philippines is an affordable place to do business . An entry-level call center employee can make about $ 470 a month , which is a very good salary for the Philippines but far less than their counterparts are paid in the U.S. or Europe . The influx of outsourced jobs is a major gift for a country that struggles to put its more than 90 million people to work . The official unemployment rate is around 7 % and many people are forced to settle for part-time jobs . Not that the call center industry is going to fix all the country 's employment problems . 600,000 is a drop in the bucket compared to the size of the population and these jobs are targeted primarily at those with a college education . "  Who can provide jobs for moderately skilled workers like high school graduates or less educated workers ? " asks Norio Usui , Senior Country Economist at the Asian Development Bank . "  The Philippines has plenty of such workers also . " For Tan Dejos , whose wife also works at VXi , the work is stressful at times but it allows them to comfortably support their three children . He does n't mind the night shift , he says , and he likes the challenge of being in an emerging industry . Would he want his kids to work at a call center ? "  I would , " he says without hesitation . "  It 's really up to them . "	Philippines has more call center workers than India Industry experts estimate the business is worth $ 11 billion Soft accent and historical ties to U.S. make it popular with American companies
CNN  -- It is rare when politicians decide to make government reform the centerpiece of their campaigns . Although Americans always complain about government , polls show that most voters care most about "  bread and butter " issues when they make decisions about who their leaders should be . 2014 might be different . The partial government shutdown is just one more example in an ongoing series of political meltdowns that has left the country extraordinarily frustrated with Washington , and with Republicans in particular . On the second day of the shutdown , polls showed that congressional approval ratings had fallen to an abysmal 10 % . As a result of what has taken place in the past few years , there is a genuine opportunity for a marriage between partisan interests and government reform in the 2014 midterm elections . Democrats will have an opportunity to develop a successful campaign around government reform , returning to issues that President Barack Obama campaigned on in 2008 but has generally neglected ever since . Many Republicans , equally frustrated with their tea party counterparts , might echo similar themes so as to not be outdone by their competitors . If Democrats are able to take control of Congress and create a united government for two more years , they would give Obama an opportunity to make progress on these issues before his term ends . Budget reform must be at the center of the message . The budget process has become a total mess . Congress is unable to reach basic agreements about spending and the existing process offers legislators too many opportunities to wreak havoc in their effort to extract concessions from opponents . There are many proposals for reform that have been floated . Eliminating the debt ceiling is one possibility , so that debates about spending can not turn into threats to the global economy . Another proposal is to move toward biennial budgeting to facilitate long-term planning and reduce the number of annual skirmishes that take place over funding . Centralizing and reorganizing the process could produce fewer points of conflict , while some experts , such as William Galston have proposed tying congressional pay to on-time appropriations decisions . Campaign finance reform must be tackled . When Senator Ted Cruz delivered his long speech before the government shutdown began , he knew exactly what he was doing . His dramatic actions have been targeted toward issue-based interest groups that feed the coffers of legislators . This is but one aspect of a campaign finance process where the barriers toward injecting private money into elections have almost completely broken down . The Supreme Court is currently considering a major case that threatens to undercut the limitations that exist on individual donors . But whatever the court does , Congress could pass legislation placing tighter constraints on contributions in the wake of the Citizens United decision , providing some form of public funding , and restricting the kinds of activities that third party organizations can engage . These would help to lessen the pressure that members of both parties feel to please the donors during budget battles and enable them to focus more attention on the challenges of governing the nation . The filibuster is another long acknowledged procedural problem which creates a difficult system in the Senate where a supermajority of 60 votes is needed to pass legislation . Although the heart of the current budget stalemate has to do with the House Republicans , the supermajority requirement in the Senate has become a huge source of obstruction in recent years . As with budget reform , there have been many proposals to overhaul the filibuster , including lowering the number of senators needed to end a filibuster or prohibiting certain kinds of stalling tactics that do not technically amount to a filibuster . The filibuster is not enshrined in the Constitution and has been reformed before , including in 1975 when the Senate lowered the number of senators needed to end debate from 2/3rd to 3/5th of the chamber . The convergence of midterm elections and reform can have a powerful effect . In 1974 , the newly elected "  Watergate Babies " campaigned on the theme of government reform in the shadow of the scandal and many of the issues they tackled -- such as campaign finance reform , openness in government , ethics rules , and mor -- became enshrined in the law . There is an opportunity for this to happen again . Although the current budget standoff is not a scandal akin to Watergate , the levels of public frustration are extremely high . Moreover , the consequences could be severe . If there is another shock to the global economy as a result of the debt ceiling debate , as we saw in 2011 , the public 's view of the urgency of changing the legislative process will greatly increase . The issues could help Democrats regain their majority , and at the same time might create the right conditions for Congress to pass reforms in 2015 and 2016 . Enough moderate Republicans are clearly frustrated that they might join , making this a bipartisan effort , and one that changes the basic rules of the game for both parties going into the next presidential administration . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : 2014 campaign could provide unusual opportunity for congressional reformers He says Americans are fed up with the partisan battle in Washington and would welcome change Sen. Ted Cruz is providing an example of how obstructionism gains support from party base , he says Zelizer : Some modest reforms could make Congress more productive
When your smartphone makes it so easy to connect to the Internet , why bother firing up a clunky desktop or laptop computer ? Two-thirds of cell-phone owning Americans use their phones to surf the Web and check e-mail , according to the latest study from the Pew Internet & American Life Project . That 's double the amount from 2009 , when only 31 % of people said they used their phones to go online . For a growing segment of people , phones are n't just a secondary way to check the news or send off a quick e-mail . According to Pew , 21 % of phone owners use their devices as their primary way of accessing the Internet , more than PCs and tablets . Since Pew began tracking Internet and phone usage in 2009 , the numbers have steadily risen year-over-year . First there were the youthful early adopters , then it spread to older age groups . This year , biggest jump in online phone-owners was among 50 - to 64-year-olds . The groups most likely to own a smartphone are still the same people who are most likely to access the Internet from their phones . The tech-savvy 18 - to 29-year-old set is the most likely to go online from a phone , as are people with a college degree or higher , or people making more than $ 75,000 a year . Mobile Web use also is higher among minorities . Three-quarters of African-American and 68 % of Hispanic phone owners are going online from their handsets , while just 59 % of white phone owners are doing the same . A whopping 91 % of American adults have cell phones and a little more than half of those are smartphones . Smartphones are built for accessing the Internet and apps -- so much so that making a phone call on the devices can seem like an afterthought . Touchscreen Android , iOS , Blackberry and Windows Phone devices are replacing one-trick feature phones , and are changing the way Americans access the Internet in the process . Each year smartphones get faster , the screens sharper and apps better . Internet connections are also speeding up , both though cellular networks and available Wi-Fi networks . Not every phone owner uses a fancy smartphone to surf the Web , however . People are also going online from their feature phones between texting , phone calls and games of "  Snake . " Surfing the Web on these devices is an impressive feat given the limited controls available .	More people are turning to their phones to access the Internet and e-mail A new Pew study found that two-thirds of U.S. phone owners use their devices to go online For a small but growing of people , phones are the primary way they check the Internet
CNN  -- The suspected link between Chinese drywall and toxic effects reported by thousands of U.S. homeowners was strengthened Monday by three preliminary reports issued by the federal government . The strongest link came from an analysis of air sampled inside dozens of homes containing drywall made in China . "  While the study of 51 homes detected hydrogen sulfide and formaldehyde ... at concentrations below irritant levels , it is possible that the additive or synergistic effects of these and other compounds in the subject homes could cause irritant effects , " the Consumer Product Safety Commission said in its executive summary of the study . Two other preliminary studies found copper sulfide corrosion in metal components taken from homes containing the Chinese drywall . The drywall in question was imported from 2005 through 2007 , when a housing boom and two active hurricane seasons created a shortage of building materials in the southern United States . Since then , the product safety agency has received nearly 2,100 reports from 32 states -- but mostly from Florida , Louisiana and Virginia -- of homeowners complaining of a rotten-egg smell , sickness , failed appliances , and corroded wires and pipes . Many have moved out of their homes . In some cases , insurers have refused to reimburse them . The air study tested 41 houses containing Chinese drywall and compared those findings with air from inside 10 homes in the same geographical areas whose homeowners had not complained , said Jack McCarthy , president of Environmental Health & Engineering Inc. , which carried out the work . The investigators also examined materials such as copper pipes and wiring for corrosion , and looked at indoor air humidity , temperature and air exchange , he said . Copper and silver strips were left in the homes for two weeks and then examined for corrosion , he said . The result : in the 41 homes containing the problem drywall , there was a "  strong association " between the high levels of hydrogen sulfide and the corrosion of the metals , he said . "  Temperature , humidity and air-exchange rates also appear to be contributing factors , " McCarthy told reporters on a conference call , noting that higher moisture and temperature levels and lower air-exchange rates were connected with more corrosion . Formaldehyde , also a potential source of irritation , was found in both complaint and noncomplaint homes , he said . Though McCarthy cautioned that the study was not intended to examine health effects , "  we can say that the levels of the pollutants we found , particularly the hydrogen sulfide and formaldehyde , could possibly contribute to some of the health problems that have been reported to the CPSC . " McCarthy also said that not all Chinese drywall may be alike . Its risk "  depends on what it is made of , not necessarily what country it 's from , " he said . The next step is to determine how to identify homes with the corrosive materials and how to fix them , said Scott Wolfson , the product safety agency 's director of information and public affairs , who noted that the investigation is the largest in the agency 's history . He said none of the tainted drywall entered the United States this year . Hundreds of thousands of suspect boards have been stockpiled in warehouses ; their owners have been told it will not be sold , he added . Several weeks ago , agency representatives traveled to China , where they visited mines , factories and government officials to determine the scope of the problem , which is still not clear , Wolfson said . "  The CPSC is working hard to determine how many homes in how many states are affected , " he said , adding that the data do not support the widely reported figure of 100,000 homes . Wolfson said the Chinese helped investigate . "  They 're committed to helping us with the technical side of this investigation , " he said . Though the study raises suspicions that the drywall is responsible for the health effects reported by some families , Wolfson said a causal association has not been proved . "  The work continues , " he said . "  The work toward an exact nexus between drywall and effects is still ongoing . " Wolfson called on the news media to help alert homeowners in affected houses to report the problem . Some may be hesitant to report because they are afraid their insurers will drop their coverage , he said , but he pointed out that the reports can be made confidentially . "  We will make sure that you are not harmed in any way by reporting to the government , " he said . Monday 's report did not surprise Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , who said the product safety commission 's chairwoman , Inez Tenenbaum , told him Monday she did not know when further testing would be completed . "  I am very disappointed with the whole process , and especially that the CDC -LSB- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -RSB- and EPA -LSB- Environmental Protection Agency -RSB- ca n't say whether drywall is harmful to people 's health , " he told CNN . "  Common sense says otherwise , but we still lack definitive answers . " Joan Glickman , who moved out of her townhouse in Pompano Beach , Florida , after her wiring and air conditioning failed , said Monday 's report told her nothing new . "  It was a huge letdown because it still did n't tell me how to fix it , who 's going to fix it , how do we go about fixing it , where the money comes from , " said Glickman , who moved in with her mother . "  This has left us in such a mess . " CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this story from Miami , Florida .	Air samples from 41 homes containing drywall made in China are analyzed "  Strong association " found between high hydrogen sulfide levels , corrosion in the homes Nearly 2,100 reports detail smell , sickness , failed appliances , corrosion in homes Drywall in question was imported during U.S. housing boom , from 2005 through 2007
LONDON , England  CNN  -- White supremacists , Islamic clerics , a controversial Kansas pastor and a U.S. talk show host are on a list of 22 people banned from Britain for "  stirring up hatred , " the British government said Tuesday . Jacqui Smith said she did not hesitate to name and shame those who foster extremist views . Britain 's Home Office said it decided to exclude the 22 in the last several months . The decision follows measures introduced by Home Secretary Jacqui Smith last year against people "  who have engaged in spreading hate , " the Home Office said . The Home Office named only 16 of those on the list ; it said it was not in the public interest to disclose the names of the other six . A spokeswoman declined to elaborate on why the Home Office would not publicly identify six of the 22 . One of the most recognized names on the list may be U.S. radio talk show host Michael Savage , who is listed under his real name , Michael Alan Wiener . The conservative 's daily show can be heard nationwide in the United States . Savage is on the list for "  seeking to provoke others to serious criminal acts and fostering hatred which might lead to inter-community violence . " Savage lashed out at Smith on his Web site , calling her a "  witch " and asking how she knew of his show when it is n't syndicated in England . He also questioned why six names on the list were n't released and why North Korean leader Kim Jong Il and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez did n't make the list . In an audio clip on his Web site , Savage said he had seven attorneys working on a defamation lawsuit against Smith and encouraged his listeners to call off any travel plans to England and boycott all British products . "  She has painted a target on my back , linking me with people who are in prison for killing people , " he said . "  How could they put Michael Savage in the same league as mass murderers when I have never avowed violence ? " Outspoken Kansas Rev. Fred Phelps and his daughter , Shirley Phelps-Roper , are also listed for "  engaging in unacceptable behavior and fostering hatred . " Phelps and his followers at Westboro Baptist Church oppose homosexuality . They picket the funerals of soldiers killed in Iraq , saying their deaths are God 's way of punishing the United States for supporting homosexuals . They have expressed similar views about the victims of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks and Hurricane Katrina . The church 's slogan is "  God Hates Fags . " Phelps did not issue a response on his Web site . However , he linked to a British news story on the ban and wrote his own headline , calling Smith a "  neo-Nazi dyke " and "  filthy God-hater . " Former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard Don Black , who has said he despises U.S. President Barack Obama , is also on the list . Black established the white supremacist Web site Stormfront , which the Home Office called one of the oldest and largest hate group sites . Eric Gliebe , chairman of the National Alliance , one of the largest neo-Nazi groups in the United States , is on the list for "  justifying terrorist violence , provoking others to commit serious crime and fostering racial hatred . " The Home Office cited Gliebe 's "  Web-radio broadcasts in which he vilifies certain ethnic groups and encourages the download and distribution of provocative racist leaflets and posters . " Several Islamic clerics are also on the list , including Abdullah Qadri Al Ahdal , Amir Siddique , Yunis Al Astal and Safwat Hijazi . Prolific speaker and writer Wadgy Abd El Hamied Mohamed Ghoneim is also listed . The list includes Mike Guzofsky , the leader of a militant Jewish group . He has ties to Kahane Chai , a group that the U.S. State Department lists as a foreign terrorist organization . Russian skinheads Artur Ryno and Pavel Skachevsky are also on the list . The Home Office says they are "  leaders of a violent gang that beat migrants and posted films of their attacks on the Internet . " Samir al Quntar , a Lebanese man who spent three decades in prison for killing four Israeli soldiers and a 4-year-old girl in 1979 , is also on the list . In an exchange with the militant group Hezbollah , Israel freed al Quntar last year for the bodies of two Israeli soldiers . Al Quntar is "  engaging in unacceptable behavior by seeking to foment , justify or glorify terrorist violence " in order to provoke terrorist acts , the Home Office said . Nasr Javed and Abdul Ali Musa round out the 16 names made public . "  Coming to the UK is a privilege , and I refuse to extend that privilege to individuals who abuse our standards and values to undermine our way of life , " Smith said . "  Therefore , I do not hesitate to name and shame those who foster extremist views , as I want them to know that they are not welcome here . "  The government opposes extremism in all its forms and I am determined to stop those who want to spread extremism , hatred and violent messages in our communities from coming to our country , " she said . "  This is the driving force behind tighter rules on exclusions for unacceptable behavior . "	NEW : Talk show host calls home secretary "  witch " ; reverend calls her "  neo-Nazi " UK Home Office : 22 people banned from Britain for "  stirring up hatred " Home Office named only 16 of those on the list Ex-Ku Klux Klansman , Russian skinheads , radical Islamic clerics also on list
If predictions hold true , Florida may soon overtake New York as the nation 's third-most populous state . Pointing to the states ' growth rates , demographers say it 's not a question of if , but when . "  If it does n't happen this year -- it probably will -- but if not , probably next year , " said Thomas Boswell , a University of Miami geography professor who studies population . "  It does n't surprise demographers , " Boswell said , "  we have seen it coming for a long time . " On Monday , the U.S. Census Bureau releases its latest population estimates . Stan Smith , population program director at the University of Florida 's Bureau of Economic and Business Research  BEBR  , agreed with Boswell that Florida likely will overtake New York at some point in 2014 or 2015 . From April 2010 to July 2012 , Florida 's population grew 2.7 % , according to census data . In the same period , New York 's grew 1 % . The national average was 1.7 % . Last year 's census estimate had the two states virtually neck and neck : New York 's population was just under 19.6 million , only about 250,000 higher than Florida 's . "  The really , really simple thing is that Florida and New York are growing , but Florida is growing faster , " said Andrew Beveridge , a sociology professor at Queens College in New York . While New York City and its surrounding suburbs , the Albany area , and Ithaca are all growing , much of upstate New York is experiencing declines in population , Beveridge said . Manufacturing jobs have diminished in northern New York cities like Rochester , Buffalo and Syracuse . Florida , on the other hand , is seeing jump in tourism , real estate , construction , medicine and finance , Boswell said . But immigration is also an important factor in explaining Florida 's rise . "  Florida 's growth for many years has been due primarily to migration , " Smith said . "  Typically , 80 to 90 % of growth in the state has to do with people moving in . " The spike in immigration includes people moving from other states as well as from abroad , Smith said . Based on responses to BEBR surveys , Smith said , most people moving to Florida do so for job-related reasons . The state also draws retirees seeking a warmer climate . If Florida surpasses New York in population , it likely will end up with more seats in the U.S. House of Representatives . In 2010 , after the release of new census data , New York lost two seats and Florida gained two . Both states now have 27 House members . California , with an estimated population of 38 million in 2012 , and Texas  26 million  are the nation 's two most populous states .	New York could soon trail Florida in population Florida 's growth stems mostly from newcomers looking for work Florida could gain congressional seats , New York could lose some
CNN  -- Two astronauts conducted a spacewalk Saturday to address an ammonia leak in the International Space Station 's cooling system , a mission that ended with NASA optimistic the potentially major problem had been fixed . In addition to inspecting the site of the leak , NASA astronauts Chris Cassidy and Tom Marshburn removed and replaced a 260-pound pump controller box , NASA explained . Afterward , Cassidy and Marshburn could n't detect any sign of a leak -- which might have been manifest , in this case , as ammonia snow flakes -- when space agency officials back on Earth ran the new pump . Still , NASA noted that the area needs to be monitored long-term to prove that the problem has been fixed . "  No leaks ! " tweeted Chris Hadfield of Canada , the space station 's commander , who choreographed the spacewalk . "  We 're bringing Tom & Chris back inside . ... This is an amazing place & time . " The entire spacewalk took 5 hours and 30 minutes -- an hour less than expected . First detected early Thursday morning , the leak was causing ammonia to enter space at a rate of 5 pounds per day , Mike Suffredini , NASA 's space station program manager , told reporters Friday . Ammonia is used to cool the solar arrays that provide electricity to station systems . The discovery spurred teams at NASA , over a busy 24-hour stretch , to go into "  a full-court press to understand what the failure is " and how to address it , NASA flight director Norm Knight said Friday . That set the stage for the spacewalk involving three of the space station 's six-man crew . The leak was in a cooling loop in a solar array that has leaked before , and astronauts tried to fix it in November . It 's unclear whether the leak detected this week was the same one or a new issue . The ammonia coolant for the power channel , one of eight used to supply electricity to the station , would likely have run out by late Friday morning had it not been shut down , NASA said . "  It is a serious situation , but between crew and experts on the ground , it appears to have been stabilized , " Hadfield tweeted Thursday . Still , the space station 's crew -- which also includes three Russian cosmonauts -- were never in danger because of it , NASA said . Moreover , the agency has said the rest of the orbiter was otherwise operating normally . Both Marshburn and Hadfield are scheduled to leave the space station at 7:08 p.m. ET Monday with Russian cosmonaut Roman Romanenko , and NASA said Friday that the spacewalk would n't affect those plans . Cassidy and Russian cosmonauts Alexander Misurkin and Pavel Vinogradov will stay behind . They 'll eventually be joined by NASA astronaut Karen Nyberg , Russian cosmonaut Fiyodor Yurchikhin and European Space Agency astronaut Luca Parmitano , who are due to launch aboard a Russian Soyuz spacecraft on May 28 . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	2 astronauts did a spacewalk to address ammonia leaking from the International Space Station They inspected the site of the leak and replaced a pump controller box on the orbiter Afterward , initial tests showed no sign of a continuing leak , which was spotted Thursday , 3 of the 6 men involved in the 5Â 1/2 - hour spacewalk are set to leave for Earth on Monday
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Egypt 's vice president , Omar Suleiman , met with representatives of key opposition groups Sunday and offered concessions -- including some that , if enacted , could bring dramatic change to the country . Among the ideas agreed to by the two sides at the meeting , according to a report on state-run television , was a future end to the military emergency law that has been in place since President Hosni Mubarak came to power in 1981 . The two sides also discussed steps to ensure free media and communication and plans to form a series of committees that would oversee changes aimed at bringing about a representative government . The opposition leaders who met with Suleiman do not represent all the demonstrators who have held mass protests over the past two weeks . One of the groups represented in the meeting was the Muslim Brotherhood -- a group that , days ago , had said it would not negotiate until Mubarak left office . Members of the liberal parties Wafd and Ahrar have also engaged in talks with the newly appointed Suleiman . After the meeting , Suleiman sat down with six young people who , according to state-run TV , were representing the "  January 25 " movement , named after the date the protests began . But in Tahrir Square , some protesters slammed the idea that anyone representing them would meet with Suleiman . "  This is an insult to people like us , activists . Who are they to speak on behalf of the revolution ? " asked Gigi Ibrahim . "  I did not hear of any January 25 group when the revolution started , " added protester Wael Abbas . "  Only now I am hearing these rumors . But I do n't know who they are because they definitely do not represent us . " Some opposition figures also questioned the government 's sincerity in Sunday 's meeting , saying the talks and suggestions of possible agreement might be tricks intended to end the demonstrations with Mubarak still in power and security forces situated to prevent them from restarting . Mohamed ElBaradei , the former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency who has returned as a major opposition figure , told CNN there was "  a huge question of credibility " involving the government . "  Mubarak is a symbol of an outgoing regime and people have no credibility , " ElBaradei said . "  If he does n't leave , you know , the regime would retrench and then come back , you know , with vengeance . " Mohammed Mursi and Mohamed Saad Al Katatni , both with the Muslim Brotherhood -- an opposition Islamist umbrella group that is officially banned but tolerated in Egypt -- said their party insisted that the closing memo after the meeting note that the two sides agreed to the importance of a peaceful transition by dissolving parliament and what the Muslim Brotherhood calls the parliament 's "  fraudulent " representation . The group also insisted on an investigation into the deadly clashes in Tahrir Square last week , and that those responsible be brought to justice in Egyptian courts , the Muslim Brotherhood officials said . Based on the meeting , the Muslim Brotherhood expects that on March 1 , the two sides will take the next steps toward amendments in the constitution and reforming of the parliament , Mursi and Al Katatni said . U.S. President Barack Obama expressed his belief Sunday that Egypt can have an orderly transition and a representative government . He also downplayed the prospect of the Muslim Brotherhood , which has voiced opposition to the United States , ascending to power in Egypt once its president , Hosni Mubarak , leaves office . "  They do n't have majority support in Egypt , but they are well organized , " Obama told Fox News ' Bill O'Reilly . "  But  there are a whole bunch of secular folks in Egypt , there are a whole bunch of educators and civil society in Egypt that want to come to the fore as well . " The statement on state-run TV said the two sides agreed to form a national committee to work on constitutional changes within a month . They also agreed to reject any foreign interference in Egypt and form a committee from the legal authority and political groups that would work together to suggest needed changes , according to the statement . If the emergency laws in place for 30 years were to come to an end , it "  would be a very significant move , " Sameh Shoukry , Egypt 's ambassador to the United States , told ABC 's "  This Week " on Sunday . "  It has been a longstanding demand of most of the opposition and many segments of Egyptian society to guarantee that all political activity is undertaken under normal law and in the confines of the normal judiciary . So it would be a significant step and an indication of confidence that the political process is moving forward . " Many protesters are calling for Mubarak 's immediate ouster and for him to stand trial . His announcement last week that he planned to stay in office through September 's elections infuriated thousands and spurred further protests . But he also has vociferous supporters , who have clashed at times with anti-government demonstrators in recent days . The demonstrations Sunday generally seemed peaceful , often taking on a festive atmosphere . Among those taking part were members of Egypt 's Christian minority , who held a Mass in Tahrir Square paying tribute to those killed during clashes . Egypt 's population is 10 % Christian , a minority mostly made up of Coptic Christians . Warning shots were fired in Tahrir Square on Sunday evening , as had happened other days , but the crowds stayed put . On the streets of Cairo , there were increasing signs of normalcy returning . Some shops reopened , traffic increased , and some banks opened for the first time since January 27 . The nation 's central bank imposed restrictions on withdrawals by individuals , but not by companies , said Ahmed Ismail , manager of the Abu Dhabi National Bank . The justice minister announced that courts would reopen Sunday and the government eased its daily curfew , making the hours 7 p.m. to 6 a.m. Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq told CNN conditions Sunday were "  extremely better than yesterday . " He added , "  Hopefully tomorrow will get better . " Shafiq also said authorities have been told "  not to bother " human rights activists and journalists , and that if there have been such problems , they are "  not intended . " He reportedly called state-run Nile TV to say that a Google executive missing for more than a week will be released Monday . There was no explanation as to the whereabouts or condition of Wael Ghonim , the executive . Mubarak will stay through September , Shafiq said . "  A lot of points must be covered before he leaves , " he said , adding that the months ahead will make it easier for the government to "  fulfill the mission " of preparing for new leadership . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke with Shafiq Saturday night , according to a statement from her department , which is urging all U.S. citizens to make every effort to leave the North African country . During that meeting , she stressed that a "  broad cross-section of political actors and civil society " should be part of the government 's transformation process , while also saying that harassment and detention of activists , journalists and others "  must stop , " the statement said . Sunday 's developments followed an announcement Saturday that key members of the ruling National Democratic Party resigned from leadership positions , in the strongest gesture yet to placate angry Egyptians . Mubarak 's son , Gamal , was among those who resigned from party posts , meaning that he is no longer eligible to take over from his father . His decision effectively put to rest a widespread belief that the embattled president was preparing for a dynastic handover . The United States has been mounting pressure on Mubarak to step aside . On Saturday , Clinton , speaking at a security conference in Germany , said it is "  important to follow the transition process announced by the Egyptian government , actually headed by Vice President Omar Suleiman . " Obama , in phone calls with foreign leaders Saturday , emphasized the importance of an "  orderly , peaceful transition " to a government that is "  responsive to the aspirations of the Egyptian people . " The diplomatic official who delivered a message from the Obama administration to Egypt 's leadership this week , however , said Mubarak "  remains utterly critical in the days ahead as we sort our way toward the future " and must stay in office . Changes are needed in Egypt to pave the way for a smooth transition , and "  the president must stay in office in order to steer those changes through , " said Frank Wisner , a former ambassador to Egypt . "  It 's his opportunity to write his own legacy . " U.S. officials emphasized that Wisner was speaking for himself , as an expert on the region , and not for the Obama administration . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Frederik Pleitgen , Nic Robertson , Ivan Watson and Tommy Evans contributed to this report	NEW : U.S. President Barack Obama says he wants a representative government in Egypt ElBaradei : If Mubarak does n't leave , his "  regime would retrench " Ideas discussed include a possible end to emergency laws after 30 years Some protesters say the representatives meeting with Suleiman do n't represent them
EW.com  -- In "  About Last Night , " two couples who are polar opposites -- one sweet , restrained , and devoted ; the other raunchy , angry , and uncommitted -- form together out of two sets of best friends in Los Angeles . Danny  Michael Ealy  and Debbie  Joy Bryant  are the nice ones . Back in the day when this movie  or at least a version of it  starred Rob Lowe and Demi Moore , they would have been called " yuppies , " and by that I mean less their status than their style : the intimate meals consumed with wine under mood lighting at the kitchen island , the way the two hold their feelings in . Anna Kendrick dives into ` The Last Five Years ' with Jeremy Jordan Of course , yuppie style in the movies is often code for People Who Live Too Much On the Surface to Have a Good Relationship , but it 's clear early on that Danny and Debbie really are meant for each other . Their lovey-dovey moments are genuine and , on occasion , touching -- like when he takes her to a Dodgers game with lousy bleachers season tickets that have been in his family for decades , and she loves him for holding on to them . The plot of most romantic comedies consists of the things that get in the way of two people getting together . That 's what happens in "  About Last Night , " too , except that the only thing getting in the way of Danny and Debbie getting together is their own relationship . They hold everything up to a microscope and become convinced that their foibles are fatal . They also fall apart with a little help from their friends . As soon as Bernie  Kevin Hart  and Joan  Regina Hall  meet , they know how to do exactly three things : drink , fight , and go to bed in lusty , nasty ways . But it 's not just that they like ragging on each other and then making up by doing things like having sex with one of them wearing a chicken mask . Bernie , a devoted bachelor , is n't so much scared of commitment as he is blithely , belligerently contemptuous of it , and Joan , a dental hygienist , treats love as if it were plaque -- as something to be removed . The two spread their toxic belief that love is a second-rate emotion into the hearts of their two  wiser  pals , who start , almost in spite of themselves , to listen to them . Casting Net : Zach Galifianakis may team up with Julianne Moore When "  About Last Night " is funny , which is every so often , it 's because of Kevin Hart . He now owns the fastest mouth in movie comedy , and he knows how to employ his whole high-pitched Chris Tucker street-fury style so that it expresses something more humane than it did when Tucker was ruling the screen with it . In "  About Last Night , " Hart blows up , to hilariously oversize proportions , the eternal male desire for freedom . He 's raunch on wheels . On paper , "  About Last Night " is a third-generation copy of David Mamet 's 1974 stage play "  Sexual Perversity " in Chicago -- but if anything , the way the material has now been rewritten again , it comes closer to Mamet 's rancorous vision of dueling hormones than the '80s screen version did . That said , the play itself was just a trifle  though it once seemed novel , much more than it does 40 years later , for the vital vulgarity of Mamet 's voice  . The 1986 "  About Last Night " was watchable but mediocre , and the new version is watchable ... and a bit less mediocre . You always know , in essence , where it 's going , and I wish that Ealy and Bryant seemed less like a truly nice couple and more like movie stars . By the end , however , the movie has captured something undeniably genuine about contemporary relationships : all the ways that they can , and will , get in their own way . Grade : B See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  About Last Night " tells the story of two couples who are polar opposites The movie is a third-generation copy of a David Mamet stage play It stars Michael Ealy , Kevin Hart , Joy Bryant and Regina Hall The movie is watchable and a bit less mediocre than a 1986 version
Washington  CNN  -- House Republican leaders will unveil a 21-page "  Pledge to America " on Thursday that presents a "  governing agenda " for what Republicans would do if they win control of Congress in November . CNN obtained a copy of the document  PDF  Wednesday . The plan focuses primarily on jobs and the economy , with a short reference in the "  preamble " to the party 's position on social issues . According to the document , House Republicans want to permanently extend all the tax cuts due to expire at the end of this year , give small businesses a tax deduction equal to 20 percent of their income and require Congress to review any new federal regulations that add to the deficit . The document lacks , however , a pledge against unrelated pet projects that members of Congress insert in spending bills to bring funding to their home districts -- known as earmarks . Banning earmarks is typically a staple of Republican policy . Some provisions matched positions of the conservative Tea Party movement that has helped defeat mainstream Republican candidates in several primary elections this year . For example , the document calls for a federal hiring freeze on nonsecurity employees and requiring all legislation to include a clause showing that it is authorized under the Constitution . Other items would cancel unspent funding authorized by the economic stimulus bill , roll back spending to levels before the stimulus bill and earlier federal bailout legislation and repeal the health care reform bill passed in March . The document also calls for permanently prohibiting taxpayer funding for abortion . Several Republican sources said there was no intention to directly address social issues because the electorate is so heavily focused on jobs and spending . Republican leaders settled on a line that states : "  We pledge to honor families , traditional marriage , life , and the private and faith-based organizations that form the core of our American values . " This language was a late addition , according to a GOP source , after conservative Rep. Mike Pence of Indiana argued that social issues should be included in the document representing the agenda of House Republicans . House Democratic leaders said the document showed that Republicans want to return to what they called failed policies of the past . A statement from House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer 's office mocked the GOP positions , saying they showed that Republicans pledged allegiance to hedge fund managers on Wall Street , insurance companies , the "  wealthiest of the wealthy , " oil companies and big corporations that outsource jobs , "  with a recession and huge deficits for all . " The GOP document represents an updated version of the 1994 "  Contract with America . " That much shorter , 10-item document , with specific bills attached to each item that would be passed with a Republican victory , was rolled out on the steps of the U.S. Capitol and signed by GOP members of Congress and candidates . The 2010 version has more than 20 items , including changes to how Congress works and broad policy goals such as tougher sanctions against Iran . While it does contain legislative proposals , it does not include specific bills that would be introduced and passed if Republicans gain control of the House . Introduced at roughly the same time as the previous contract , several weeks before midterm congressional elections , the "  Pledge to America " will be unveiled at a hardware store in Sterling , Virginia , outside Washington . A GOP lawmaker involved in putting together the document said House Republicans realize that voters are angry with both Democrats and Republicans . The agenda contained in the "  Pledge to America " is intended to convince such voters that their concerns are taken seriously by Republicans , who will act differently if returned to power than they did when controlling Congress during parts of the Bush administration , the legislator said . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	NEW : Unlike 1994 "  Contract with America , " "  Pledge " has no specific legislation NEW : No pledge to ban earmarks Ban on federal funding for abortion , support for "  traditional marriage " included Democrats call the GOP positions a pledge to special interests
New York  CNN  -- The mother of one of the two New Jersey men arrested last week at a New York airport allegedly on their way to fight with an al Qaeda-affiliated group in Somalia says the two men are guilty of stupidity -- but not of the sinister plan described by authorities . "  Anything makes him angry . But he 's not a terrorist ; he 's a stupid kid , " Nadia Alessa said of her U.S.-born son , Mahmood . Mohamed Mahmood Alessa , 20 , of North Bergen , New Jersey , and Carlos Eduardo Almonte , 24 , of Elmwood Park , New Jersey , are charged with one count each of conspiracy to kill , maim and murder persons outside of the United States , which carries a maximum sentence of life in prison . The men , who were taken into custody at John F. Kennedy International Airport on June 5 , intended to take separate flights to Egypt on their way to Somalia "  to join designated foreign terrorist organization Al-Shabaab and wage violent jihad , " according to federal prosecutors . The criminal complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Newark alleges that in 2007 , Alessa and Almonte traveled together to Jordan , where they intended to enter Iraq to commit violence against U.S. troops there . Nadia Alessa told CNN that her son went to 16 or 17 psychiatrists for what she called "  anger management issues " that surfaced when he was a boy . He lived at his parents well-kept home , where his angry outbursts were common . However , she said , he was n't particularly religious . "  He slept late . If he was devout , he would make his prayers on time . He did n't , " she said . She helped him pack for his trip to Egypt , though she said she resisted the idea from the start . Nadia Alessa said she was reassured by a man named "  Bassim , " who had befriended her son and Almonte . "  He said we 're gon na study Arabic . I said but here there are many schools . But he say in Egypt , they 're better , " she recalled being told by the man when she expressed concerns about Alessa moving to Egypt . "  Do n't worry , I take care of them , " she said Bassim told her days before her son and Almonte were arrested boarding a flight to Egypt . She said she believes the man was an undercover federal agent who recorded her son making incendiary comments against the United States and continued to build the case against him and Almonte . "  Since I saw him , I warned my son and Carlos , " Nadia Alessa said . "  But my son say ` Always you say about my friends they are undercover . ' " The Alessa family invited CNN on Saturday also talk to a woman who said she was set to marry Mahmood Alessa upon his arrival in Egypt . Nadia Alessa said she met her son 's girlfriend the night before . The 19-year-old woman , who said her name is Siham , sat at the family 's home , cloaked in a niqab , a veil that covers the entire body and face with only a sheer cloth revealing the eyes . She said she met Mahmood Alessa in an online chat room . Siham showed CNN her passport stamped June 9 , 2010 , indicating her arrival at Kennedy airport from Paris , France . She also produced her airline itinerary , which shows that her trip started in Cairo -- where , she says , she was waiting for Alessa . "  We were supposed to get married and study awhile in Egypt . That was the plan , " Siham told CNN . She said she moved from Sweden , where she was born to Egyptian parents , to Cairo at Alessa 's behest a few months ago . When he did n't arrive in Cairo on June 6 , she was shocked to learn from a friend in New York that her soon-to-be fiance had been arrested . "  She told me that Mohamed got arrested for terrorism and that they were saying he was going to Somalia , " Siham said in disbelief . "  So I did n't know what to do ; words ca n't explain what I felt . I was in shock and I could n't stop crying . " She said she boarded a flight and arrived in New York a day before Alessa 's arraignment Thursday . It was then that she saw him for the first time , through a veil in a federal courtroom . "  I did n't have any ticket booked or anything . I just went to the airport and I booked a ticket from there , and I left , " Siham said . CNN recently learned that Alessa and Almonte were followers of an extreme Islamist group based in New York . CNN obtained an image of the two suspects attending a protest in New York organized by the Islamic Thinkers Society on June 1 . They appear to have been taking part in a demonstration against Israel . One is holding a banner , the other an Islamic Thinkers Society poster that includes the slogan , "  Exterminate the Zionist Roaches . " The society 's video of the event , posted on its YouTube channel , has since been removed . The rally took place a week before the two men made their way to Kennedy airport and were arrested . "  My soul can not rest till I shed blood . I wan na like be the world 's -LSB- best -RSB- known terrorist , " Alessa is alleged to have told an undercover agent in the United States last year . Later he said , "  We 'll start doing killing here , if I ca n't do it over there . " Another image -- from late 2008 -- shows Almonte at a different rally , holding a poster that says "  Death to all Juice "  sic  . It 's not clear whether that rally was organized by the Islamic Thinkers Society . When asked about the rallies Alessa attended , Siham insisted his presence was a show of outrage -- not intent . "  But that does n't make him a terrorist . That only shows how much he dislikes what the people are doing to the Muslims , " she said . "  That does n't show he was going to Somalia and do anything . "	Mother of New Jersey terror suspect insists son "  not a terrorist " Son and his friend charged with conspiracy to kill outside U.S. Mahmood Alessa 's girlfriend says they were supposed to marry in Egypt
NAIROBI , Kenya  Reuters  -- The skull of a female Homo erectus -- the first-ever discovery -- suggests the upright ancestors of humans may have been physiologically closer to modern gorillas and chimpanzees . Frederick Kyalo Manthi holds the Homo erectus complete skull he discovered in 2000 near lake Turkana in Kenya . Homo erectus , long viewed as a crucial evolutionary link between modern humans and their tree-dwelling ancestors , may have been more ape-like than previously thought , scientists said Thursday . Unveiling newfound fossils , a team of Kenyan scientists said they were surprised to find that early female hominids were much smaller than males . Gorillas and chimpanzees also exhibit big differences in size between males and females . The fossils , an ancient skull and a jawbone from two early branches of the human family tree -- Homo erectus and Homo habilis , were revealed at Kenya 's National Museum . Both fossils were found in 2000 east of Lake Turkana . But the Homo erectus skull , dating back 1.55 million years , was slightly older than the Homo habilis jawbone , which was found to be 1.44 million years old , the scientists said . "  Prior to the discovery of the new specimens , scientists did not know that Homo erectus males were far larger than the females , " said Dr Emma Mbua , one of the team . "  This sexual dimorphism -LSB- two forms of the same species -RSB- is considered a primitive character because it occurs in other apes , " she said , standing in front of the bones at the museum . She said this could also mean the sexual behavior of Homo erectus was more like that of apes , where individuals , especially males , mate with several partners , sometimes in a few hours , than that of its more monogamous human successors . The fossils , discovered in east Africa 's Rift Valley , regarded as the "  cradle of humankind " , challenge the idea that human prototypes evolved one after the other in a linear fashion from Homo habilis to Homo erectus , ending with modern humans . This means they must have co-existed in different habitats at the same time , the scientists added . "  They were kind of sisters , if you like , " said Frederick Manthi , the scientist who discovered the fossils . "  Homo habilis never gave rise to Homo erectus . These discoveries have completely changed the story . " The research , first published in the journal Nature , was conducted by nine scientists including well-known paleontologist Maeve Leakey and her daughter Louise Leakey . The scientists think both Homo erectus and Homo habilis must have evolved from a common ancestor 2-3 million years ago . The most famous such ancestor is Ethiopia 's "  Lucy , " a fossil more than 3 million years old that set off this week for a tour of museums in the United States . The basic evolutionary story -- that all humans came "  out of Africa " after evolving from apes in the Rift Valley around 5 million years ago -- remains unchanged and may even be strengthened , the scientists said . "  The more fossils we find in Kenya , the more we justify the story that east Africa is the cradle of mankind , " Manthi said . "  These hominids tell us there was a large diversity within this species , which strengthens that convention . " The researchers said Homo habilis was largely a herbivore , likely to have foraged for fruits in greener , more heavily forested areas than Homo erectus , who is thought to have been a hunter who thrived in east Africa 's open savannah . Manthi said the team would have to find more fossils to confirm the findings . "  The story of human evolution has not yet been -LSB- told -RSB- , " said Kenya Museum director Farah Idle . "  There are many missing links . The more discoveries you make , the more questions you raise . " E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Scientists : Skull of female Homo erectus is more ape-like Newly discovered fossils show female hominids were much smaller than males Fossils from Homo erectus , Homo habilis were found in east Africa 's Rift Valley
