CNN Student News  -- November 14 , 2013 On World Diabetes Day , CNN Student News examines the disease and its risks , and we meet a NASCAR driver whose diabetes diagnosis did n't send his career off track . We also report on initial Obamacare enrollment statistics , and we hear about a message that the first lady has for students . Plus , we discuss the most talked-about person on the internet . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : To what extent might media coverage broaden the scope of a religious leader 's work ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Pope Francis 2 . first lady of the United States 3 . diabetes Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What was said in yesterday 's congressional hearing regarding the Obamacare website ? What do enrollment numbers look like for Obamacare ? How do these numbers contrast with the government 's initial expectations ? 2 . What have been some issues promoted by former first ladies ? What issues has Michelle Obama promoted ? What advice did she recently give to a group of high school students ? 3 . What are some reasons and treatments for diabetes ? How does NASCAR driver Ryan Reed deal with his diabetes while racing ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In your view , what options might Congress and the White House have regarding Obamacare ? What do you think will happen next regarding this controversial law ? 2 . Do other countries have a responsibility to help a nation that is overwhelmed by a natural disaster ? What might be the benefits and challenges of providing relief aid to another country ? 3 . Why do you think that organizations declare a day in the name of a disease , like World Diabetes Day ? In your view , what impact  s  might this have ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Philippines Europe Vatican City North America Washington , D.C. FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Indian Prime Minister-elect Narendra Modi "  will be welcomed " to the United States , the White House said on Friday . Spokesman Jay Carney said President Barack Obama "  does plan to reach out " to him soon . In a statement , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Modi would get a visa to the United States once he takes office and forms a government . Modi was denied one several years ago . Now , however , Modi would be eligible for an A1 visa , said Psaki . Heads of government use such visas to travel to the United States . "  We congratulate Narendra Modi and the BJP on its victory in winning a majority of seats in India 's historic national election , which saw more voters cast their ballots freely and fairly than in any election in human history , " Psaki 's statement said . "  Secretary Kerry has also offered his congratulations , and looks forward to working with the BJP on expanding our shared prosperity and security . " Modi 's Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party appears to have captured a landslide victory and he will likely become prime minister . "  Once a new Government is formed , we look forward to working closely with the Prime Minister and the Cabinet to advance our strong bilateral partnership , " the State Department statement said . In 2005 , the United States denied Modi a visa because of his alleged role in anti-Muslim violence three years earlier in Gujarat state , where he was chief minister . More than 1,000 people were killed , mostly Muslims . A Supreme Court-ordered investigation in India absolved him of blame last year . CNN 's Kevin Liptak contributed to this story .	White House says President Obama will reach out to Indian PM-elect Modi soon India 's next prime minister will be granted a visa , State Department says He was denied once before over sectarian violence in India ; But he has been cleared of any blame
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy has been handed a fitness boost ahead of the prestigious WGC-Accenture World Match Play Championship in Arizona next week . The Northern Irishman was forced to see a back specialist following last weekend 's Dubai Desert Classic , after suffering some discomfort during the tournament -- in which he finished sixth . However , McIlroy , who is playing on the US PGA Tour this season , has been told his problem is nothing more than a slight nerve impingement -- and some rest should see him fit to play in the Tucson event . McIlroy 's spokesman , Martin Hardy , told Press Association Sport : "  He just needs to rest for a day . McIlory has been told his problem could be linked to the hip movement in his swing and the 20-year-old added : "  The physios go backwards and then forwards and that puts a little strain on the lower back . "  I do all the exercises I can to make everything stronger around the joints and it is a matter of resting and managing my schedule so that I am not playing too many weeks in a row . "	Rory McIlroy handed a fitness boost ahead of WGC-Accenture World Match Play The Northern Irishman saw a back specialist after last weekend 's Dubai Desert Classic The 20-year-old is suffering from a slight nerve impingement and should be fit for Arizona
CNN  -- Some 11 months after President Barack Obama beat out Mitt Romney , CNN itself emerged as a winner -- taking home an Emmy for its Election Night coverage , as well as two others for its coverage of race in America and unrest in Syria and Afghanistan . The Election Night honor was n't CNN 's only Emmy victory . "  Kids on Race : The Hidden Picture , " a special series that ran on CNN 's "  AC360 , " won for outstanding news discussion and analysis And Nick Paton Walsh , a Beirut-based correspondent for CNN International , topped five contenders to take home the award for outstanding writing for his reports out of Syria and Afghanistan . The news network won for live coverage of a news story for "  Election Night in America " during a ceremony Tuesday night in New York 's Time Warner Center , one of dozens bestowed at the 34th Annual News and Documentary Emmy Awards run by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences . "  Producing an election night is a team sport , and ours was the best team ever to produce an election , " CNN 's Washington Bureau Chief Sam Feist said in a congratulatory message to staffers . CNN bested a field that included ABC News for its reporting on the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting , "  Good Morning America " for its Superstorm Sandy coverage and "  CBS Evening News ' " work on the Supreme Court 's ruling on the Affordable Care Act , as well as CNN 's own programming on the Israel/Gaza conflict . On Election Night , CNN finished first among all cable news outlets between 7 p.m. and 2 a.m. in total viewers , according to the network . It also outpaced the broadcast networks -- including NBC , ABC , CBS -- among those in the 18 to 34 age bracket , and beat CBS and Fox in prime time for total viewers . CNN 's digital arm had more than 203 million page views on November 6 , while CNN Mobile garnered three times more traffic than it ever had on a single day .	NEW : CNN 's NIck Paton Walsh , "  Kids of Race " series also win Emmy awards CNN wins for live coverage of a news story for "  Election Night in America " The awards were given at the 34th News and Documentary Emmy Awards
CNN  -- One of the more striking things about holding a new iPhone model is how your old iPhone , which seemed perfectly sleek and adequate just an hour earlier , can suddenly feel slow , clunky and heavy . It 's a neat trick , one that Apple is betting on to help it ship new units to existing iPhone owners in the coming year . After Wednesday 's Apple media event , we were given some hands-on time with the upgraded iPhone 5 , as well as the iPod touch and iPod nano . Here are our first impressions of the taller , lighter iPhone 5 , which we tested next to a crusty , practically fossilized iPhone 4 . Opinion : The iPhone is not our savior The iPhones and iPods were laid out on tables in the dim , windowless hall at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts . Protective Apple employees made sure the devices were n't pilfered , wiped off journalists ' fingerprints and visibly flinched every time someone dropped a phone  which happened quite a few times while we were there  . From the front , the iPhone 5 looks just like the iPhone 4 and 4S . It actually takes a moment to register that it 's taller  holding it next to a previous iPhone model helps bring it home  . The display is the same retina display found in the iPhone 4 , the iPhone 4S and now , the new iPod Touch but is now 4 inches instead of 3.5 inches . Then you pick it up . The phone is incredibly light , and that weight is its most striking and memorable feature . It feels almost delicate in the hand , naked without some sort of protective case to prevent it from snapping in half . Of course , the iPhone is not nearly that fragile . The body is made out of the same aluminum found in MacBooks , as well as glass . It feels expensive , not like a plastic device that could break easily .  We look forward to the inevitable drop tests . 2007 : Jobs unveils the first iPhone On their own , thinner and lighter are interesting selling points . Yes , it feels incredible in the hand , but the iPhone 4 was n't exactly weighing anyone down , and consumers were n't clamoring for a thinner smartphone . On the other hand , Apple prides itself on delivering features people will want before they know they want them . There has been demand for more screen real estate , and on that front the iPhone 5 delivers , but it might still not be enough for those hoping for a 4.5-inch screen , which is found on many Android devices . The new iPhone has a faster A6 processor . It did feel zippy as we flipped through the new Passbook feature , watched movies and scrolled through websites ; however , these tasks were n't exactly lagging on the iPhone 4 . Games were a great place to see the processor in action , where detailed graphics are rendered incredibly fast . Also noticeably speedy was the new panorama feature in the camera app , which processed a 360-degree image of the room almost instantly . For many similar third-party apps , there 's a short wait time while the images are stitched together . The demo devices were all running the new version of Apple 's mobile operating system , iOS 6 , which has Apple 's first Google-free maps app . The Flyover feature turns cities into interactive , 3-D images . You can drag a finger to spin around a skyscraper and zoom in and out of the city from any angle , not just the straight-down satellite view . There is a bit of lag on the loading time when you move to a new area , but somehow the features still feel shockingly fast . Flyover is more fun than functional , but perhaps the stunning graphics and turn-by-turn directions will distract consumers from what 's newly missing from the Maps app , like the very useful public transit directions feature . The room was too loud to test out the Siri voice assistant , which has turned to third-party services to improve results . Restaurant results are now powered by Open Table , movie times and reviews by Rotten Tomatoes . It has also added Facebook integration . And the devices were all connected to WiFi , so tests of the new LTE cellular connections will have to wait until we have devices in hand . Apple refreshes the iPod We also spent a bit of time with the iPod touch . The iPod touch is like the iPhone 's kid brother , always inheriting old clothes and toys . It has Siri and the 5-megapixel camera from the last version of the iPhone , as well as the A5 processor . The last generation iPod touch got the retina display and front-facing camera already available on the iPhone . But this time , the iPod touch got two of the iPhone 's most stunning new features at the same time : the taller screen and crazy thin and light body  the iPod touch is actually .06 inches thinner and weighs 0.85 ounces less than the iPhone 5  . The choreography of an Apple event During the hands-on time , Apple executives milled about the room , including smiling CEO Tim Cook , who was shaking hands and giving a lot of hugs . He had good reason to be happy ; the phone appears to be top-notch , its new body an impressive feat of engineering . It may not be the most mind-blowing upgrade , but that does n't diminish its level of quality .	Most striking feature of the new iPhone 5 is how light and thin it is The iPhone 5 has a 4-inch screen , making room for extra row of apps Upgrades are n't mind-blowing , but final product is still incredible
CNN  -- I never thought my Afghan translator would save my life by killing two Taliban fighters who were about to kill me . Janis did just that . I 'm here today because he had my back in a way I only thought an American soldier would . On April 28 , 2008 , I found myself in the worst ambush of my life -- surrounded by 45 Taliban fighters , out of grenades , and running low on bullets . We had been fighting nonstop for an hour . A mortar round landed within a few meters of my position and sent me flying into a ditch . Coming into to consciousness I realized I would likely die on that desolate Afghan hillside -- the mortars were too close and accurate to miss me again . At that moment , I felt a body slam into the ditch next to me and simultaneously heard the unmistakable sound of an AK-47 firing next to my head . I turned and saw my Afghan interpreter Janis Shenwary glaring down the barrel of his rifle at the bodies of the two Taliban fighters he had just killed . They had me dead to rights until Janis acted to save mine . On that April day he taught me the true price of loyalty and brotherhood forged through combat . The Taliban retaliated by placing him on the top of its kill list . For the next five years , we tried to secure him and his family the U.S. visas he clearly had earned . After an extensive effort that involved a national media campaign , the legal and political guidance of the Iraqi Refugee Assistance Project and the Truman National Security Project , working with more than a dozen members of Congress , we eventually prevailed . He now lives in Washington with his family . Together , we run No One Left Behind , an organization dedicated to ensuring we fulfill our nation 's promise to bring these allies to America after their service and provide them with housing , furniture , and employment assistance . We consider keeping that promise a matter of national security -- nothing less than the credibility and honor of the United States is at stake . Wars have consequences , many unforeseen . One of the most profound and seldom-discussed consequence is what happens to our Iraqi and Afghan allies . The majority of the Iraqi and Afghan people did not seek these wars -- they were at best begrudging participants hopeful that our promise of a better life came to pass . Moreover , most of these people did not pick up arms and fight us -- indeed , the bulk of the fighting in both wars has always been confined to limited segments of the population . Most important , many of these people chose to fight with us because we implored them to -- and now they are going to die because we failed to truly defeat our common enemies and we 're apparently comfortable with abandoning our allies as we retreat . A common truth among U.S. military veterans of the Iraq and Afghan wars  especially those of us who served on the front lines  is that our interpreters most likely saw more and worse combat than the majority of us . As a result , we tend to view our "  terps " as full and equal combat veterans . They may have not been full soldiers , but they wore our uniforms , ate our food , bled our blood , saved our lives countless times , and fought and killed our enemies . When we left , they remained behind to join our replacements for yet another tour . And we told them we would give them all U.S. visas if , after at least a year 's worth of faithful and honorable service , they found themselves under duress . Almost all interpreters face some threat -- being a collaborator also has consequences . But many end up on the Taliban or al Qaeda 's hit lists . And that 's where we ca n't understand our government 's treatment of these fellow veterans . If they were American citizens , we 'd spare no expense protecting them and helping them flee to the safety of U.S. soil . But , because they were born Afghan or Iraqi , they 're somehow subject to a lower standard of treatment . The truth is , these translators did a lot more than most Americans to protect and defend our country . They have earned their place in America . Sadly , the bureaucrats in Washington do not feel as strongly about saving these allies as the veterans who actually fought these wars . Sometime in this week or the next , the State Department will run out of visas it can issue to Afghans . To its credit , the State Department has pleaded with Congress to pass the Afghan Allies Protection Extension Act of 2014 , which would renew the Afghan Special Immigrant Visa program for another year and add 6,000 new visas for eligible Afghans . The State Department estimates that it has a backlog of 6,000 Afghan applicants . If Congress fails to pass the law by September 30 , 2014 , the program will end and these applicants , many who have been waiting years for a ruling on their application , will likely never receive the visas they so bravely earned . We will simply abandon them to a gruesome and torturous death at the hands of the Taliban . As an American soldier and a former Afghan translator who lives in America and dreams of the day he becomes a citizen , the prospect of abandoning our allies and breaking our promise disgusts us . How many times in the last century have we vowed "  never again " after profound human suffering ? We said it after we left Saigon in 1975 . And again as we watched from the sidelines in horror at Rwanda in 1994 . I fear we may be already saying it in Iraq . The coming tragedy in Afghanistan is entirely preventable . We have n't yet abandoned our closest Afghan allies to Taliban slaughter . All we have to do is have the courage to act -- if we do n't soon , we 'll once more absently vow "  Never Again . "	Matt Zeller 's Afghan translator saved his life by killing two Taliban fighters Writers : Taliban put translator on top of its kill list : Took five years to get him and family to U.S. U.S. has visa program to get interpreters to America , but visas running out They say U.S. is abandoning allies to death as we retreat : We need to expand visa program
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Janet Jackson joined brothers Jermaine and Randy on Tuesday in opposing the October tribute concert for Michael Jackson because it takes place during the trial of the doctor charged in their brother 's death . While Janet Jackson stopped short of criticizing the promoters or other members of her family who support the tribute , she did put to rest any rumors that she would perform in it . "  Because of the trial , the timing of this tribute to our brother would be too difficult for me , " she said in a statement sent to CNN by her representative Tuesday . Promoters had held out hope that Janet Jackson , who currently has the most vibrant career of the musical family , would attend "  Michael Forever : The Tribute Concert , " set for a 75,000-seat arena in Cardiff , Wales , on October 8 . The biggest name on the concert bill is Beyonce , although she will not perform live . Instead , the audience will watch a video of Beyonce singing a Michael Jackson song . Ne-Yo was recently added to the show , which will also headline Christina Aguilera , Leona Lewis , Smokey Robinson , Cee Lo Green and JLS . A fan uproar forced promoters to boot KISS from the lineup because of negative comments the rock band 's bassist , Gene Simmons , made about Michael Jackson in the weeks after his June 25 , 2009 , death . Members of the Jackson family taking the stage October 8 include several of Michael Jackson 's brothers , "  the next generation of Jacksons , " and 3T , which consists of Tito Jackson 's three sons , the promoters said . The Jackson family has been publicly split over the concert since brothers Marlon , Tito and Jackie , sister La Toya and family matriarch Katherine Jackson announced their support for it in July . Brothers Jermaine and Randy quickly issued a statement opposing the show because it would happen in the middle of Dr. Conrad Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial , which starts next month . Prosecutors accuse the doctor of being responsible for the drug overdose that killed Michael Jackson . "  We want to make clear that this does not reflect the position of the entire family , " the two brothers said in a joint statement . "  While we wholeheartedly support the spirit of a tribute that honors our brother , we find it impossible to support an event that is due to take place during the criminal trial surrounding Michael 's death . " Katherine Jackson told CNN she understands her children 's objections to the timing of the show , but she felt it is appropriate . While she will attend most of the Murray trial in a Los Angeles courtroom , she told CNN she would travel to Wales for the tribute . Promoters promised ticket buyers that Michael Jackson 's three children would also attend if they are available . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Michael Jackson 's youngest sister confirms she will not attend the Wales concert Jackson 's mother and four siblings plan to attend the October 8 tribute Brothers Jermaine and Randy Jackson object to a show during the Conrad Murray trial
CNN  -- Juanita Castro Ruz , sister of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro and Cuban President Raul Castro , is undergoing radiation treatment in Miami , Florida , for lung cancer , her spokeswoman told CNN . Castro underwent surgery more than a month ago in a Miami hospital to remove a tumor in her lung , her biographer and spokesperson , journalist Maria Antonieta Collins , said . Collins said Castro is recovering well and her diagnosis is very good . "  I am in the best medical hands , receiving the proper treatment , " Castro said on her website . "  It 's a serious condition , but I 'm not at the side of my grave . " Castro released an autobiography last year titled "  My Brothers Fidel and Raul , the Secret History . " The notoriously private Castro decided to go public about her condition unlike her ailing brother Fidel Castro . Fidel Castro fell ill in 2006 of a as yet unspecified stomach ailment . Raul Castro formally took over as President in 2008 . CNN 's Robert Lenz contributed to this report .	Juanita Castro Ruz undergoes radiation treatment in Miami , Florida , for lung cancer She had surgery more than a month ago to remove tumor in lung , biographer says "  It 's a serious condition , but I 'm not at the side of my grave , " Castro says on her website
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Their timing was a little off . The New York Dolls recently released their second album since regrouping . The new CD is " 'Cause I Sez So . " In January , the New York Dolls arrived in Hawaii to record their new album , " 'Cause I Sez So "  Atco  , with producer Todd Rundgren . The producer , who has a setup on the island of Kauai , assured the band that the weather would be beautiful . Not quite . "  It rained every day , " said guitarist and singer David Johansen in Atlanta 's Center Stage theater Friday , where the band was scheduled to play later that day . "  It rained just enough to disrupt our recording plans , " added guitarist Steve Conte . "  Todd has this house with one wall open to the elements , and I said , ` What happens when it rains , Todd ? ' and he said , ` It never rains here . ' Well , the next day , all our gear got soaked , so we had to move to another house . " That kind of timing is a familiar subject to the Dolls , which formed amid the grit and grind of early '70s New York but broke up before they could take advantage of the success of followers such as the Ramones , Blondie , the Sex Pistols and Talking Heads . The band "  created punk rock before there was a term for it , " writes Allmusic.com 's Stephen Thomas Erlewine . The original band , made up of Johansen , Sylvain Sylvain , Johnny Thunders , Arthur Kane and Jerry Nolan , were known for ferocious live performances that blended elements of the Rolling Stones , Velvet Underground , glam and girl groups -- down to the occasional wearing of drag . "  We came out of the era of stadium rock ... when rock 'n' roll was put together by the industry , " Sylvain recalled . "  We take like a Little Rascals approach to show business -- ` We 're bored ! What are we gon na do ? Well , let 's start a show ! ' And that 's basically how the Dolls came about . " Watch Johansen describe the kids who followed them down the street " Sylvain , with Johansen one of the two survivors of the old Dolls  Thunders and Nolan died in the early '90s , and Kane died of leukemia in 2004  , is philosophical about the band 's inability to break through . "  It 's what happened to us , " he said , adding , "  once we did break up , unlike other bands , we were actually successful individually . " Indeed , the musicians worked regularly through the ensuing decades , notably Johansen , who became perhaps better known for his good-time nightclub singer character Buster Poindexter and the hit "  Hot Hot Hot . " The band came back together at the request of Dolls fan Morrissey , who was overseeing a festival in London , England . "  He asked us to do a night for him . And we decided that that would be a lot of fun , " said Johansen . "  We actually came into this thing just to do one show . It was n't like we said , ` We 're going to have some kind of re-uuuunion thing , ' " he adds , mockingly slurring "  reunion . " But one thing led to another , and before long the Dolls were a working band again . In 2006 they released "  One Day It Will Please Us to Remember Even This . " " 'Cause I Sez So " came out in May . It 's a familiar mix of hard rock -- the bitter lashing of the title cut , the ecstatic grunge of "  Exorcism of Despair " -- with Johansen playfulness  "  Nobody Got No Bizness "  , classic pop  "  Lonely So Long "  and even a reggae remake of the first album 's "  Trash . " Johansen -- who regularly hosts "  David Johansen 's Mansion of Fun , " a Sirius radio show reveling in his broad musical tastes -- is proud of the band 's agility . "  When we get together to play , it 's not like we 're punching a clock and doing a recreation of yesterday , " he said . "  We go on every day with a fresh attitude and just start playing . The music can go everywhere . " "  We do n't really think about -LSB- being pigeonholed -RSB- , " added Sylvain . "  We just kind of fly by the seat of our pants . It 's for everybody else to see it whatever which way they do . ... Call it punk , call it whatever you want , but it 's rock 'n' roll to us . " The new album came together in about a month -- half as long as the first album , also produced by Rundgren , back in 1973 . "  We 're mad professional now , " said Johansen . Johansen , Sylvain and the rest of the band -- Conte , bassist Sam Yaffa and drummer Brian Delaney -- interact as much like a comedy act as a rock band , with frequent pauses for deadpan jokes . It 's a vibe that 's apparent on " 'Cause I Sez So , " which has earned a number of positive reviews . "  The unlikely resurrection of the New York Dolls is solidified by this second recent album , an output that now matches in quantity and mirrors in quality their epic early - '70s sprint , " wrote Billboard 's Wayne Robins . The group is touring the United States and Canada throughout June before leaving for Europe in mid-July . The audiences , Sylvain said , have been appreciative -- and broader than in their downtown New York past . "  We 've had some great audiences . And of all ages , actually , " he said . Johansen interrupted . "  When the kids come , we give them a balloon . " Sylvain smiled . "  And earplugs , " he said .	The New York Dolls were punk pioneers , putting out two albums in early '70s Group did n't achieve big success then , though they were very influential Group reformed in 2004 ; new album , " 'Cause I Sez So , " has old ferocious energy
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Roughly 17,000 people fled their homes in eight northern Nigerian states as violence erupted after presidential elections in Africa 's most populous nation , the Nigerian Red Cross said Tuesday . The agency reported deaths but could not give an exact number . It was treating 360 people who suffered injuries , said spokesman Andronicus Adeyemo . Incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan , who was declared the winner Monday , appealed for unity as the breadth of the unrest sounded alarms for the government . "  My brothers and sisters , we are all winners , " Jonathan said in a televised address . "  In this context there is no victor and no vanquished . We have demonstrated , even in our diversity , the progress of Nigeria remains paramount for all . " Jonathan suspended Interior Minister Capt. Emmenuel Iheanacho on Tuesday , handing the portfolio to his labor minister . "  For now , his continued manning of the ministry is not in the interest of the nation , " Jonathan said in a statement . Nigerians in the northern states rioted after it became apparent that Jonathan had won , charging that the elections had been rigged . Tuesday , the government deployed the military to restive areas as strict curfews helped maintain calm . But peace was tenuous , and another round of voting is coming up in a week . Nigeria 's elections , staggered over three weeks , conclude with the vote for governors April 26 . Jonathan hails from a Christian and animist south that is rich with oil . On the streets of the northern , mainly Muslim cities , rioters shouted the name of former military ruler Gen. Muhammadu Buhari , the main opposition candidate . The results highlighted modern Nigeria 's deep divide . Buhari 's office issued a statement Tuesday calling reports of burning of worship places a "  sad , unfortunate and totally unwarranted development . " "  I must say that this is a dastardly act  that  is not initiated by any of our supporters and therefore can not be supported by our party , " said Buhari 's spokesman Yinka Odumakin . "  I must emphasize that this is purely a political matter , and it should not in any way be turned into an ethnic , religious or regional one . " Nigeria 's credibility was riding on the elections after a 2007 vote that was condemned for rampant vote rigging , violence , theft of ballot boxes and intimidation . The election this year , though marred by violence and delays because of organizational failures , was considered an improvement . British Foreign Secretary William Hague hailed the vote as a "  significant step forward " for Nigeria . However , only the ruling People 's Democratic Party has signed the results ; representatives of the other parties refused to do so . The Civil Society Election Situation Room observers noted a number of irregularities , including underage voting in several states , intimidation and cases of thumbprints placed on ballots . The observers lashed out at the Independent Nigerian Election Council 's management of the election and said it had been "  ineffective " in its oversight function . "  The collation process seems to have been the weakest link in the election management process , " the Civil Society report said . "  This state of affairs raised doubts about the authenticity of some of the figures arising from this process . Further , there were allegations that , in some cases , figures may have been doctored . " CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	NEW : The opposition candidate distances himself from the violence Nigerians in northern , mainly Muslim states protest the elections They say the vote was rigged in favor of the president , a Christian from the south About 17,000 people flee their homes in the violence
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  Do you ever listen to stories ? You do . You do n't even know you do . Also you tell stories all the time . " Doris Lessing receives the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2007 at the age of 88 . Very neatly , master storyteller and Nobel Prize-winner Doris Lessing spells out mankind 's addiction to storytelling . Stories occur naturally to people in one form or another , and finding reasons for their existence is unnecessary , according to the 89 year-old author . "  It is so deep in all of us . Storytelling is obviously some part of our minds , because it 's always going on in one way or another . " Lessing regards her own propensity for telling stories as a lifelong duty . Born to British parents in Persia  now Iran ,  she began writing at seven , and says it was her innate capacity for it , rather than inspiration which got her started . "  I was born to write , as other people are born to paint ... that 's all , " she says , "  Writers tell stories . This is what we do . " Much of Lessing 's fiction is based on her experiences growing up in Southern Rhodesia  now Zimbabwe  , where she moved as a young child . She was raised on storytelling in the time-honored fashion -- she was read to and told stories by her mother , going on to spin her own tales for her younger brother . As she grew older these childhood stories somehow morphed into the powerful fiction she has become known for , bravely tackling the harsh social and political realities of her upbringing . Her first novel , "  The Grass is Singing " was published in 1950 after she moved to London , and fearlessly dissects the tension between oppressed black Africans and white colonials . Arguably her most famous and influential work , "  The Golden Notebook , " meanwhile is held by many critics as one of the most important feminist novels ever written . When she was awarded the Nobel prize for Literature last December , the Swedish academy called her "  the epicist of the female experience " who had "  subjected a divided civilisation to scrutiny . " Lessing 's prodigious writing skills are all the more impressive since they are largely self-taught . Her formal education ended at age 13 when she dropped out of a school in the Rhodesian capital Salisbury , and she left home at 15 to work as a nursemaid but remained a voracious reader -- "  I educated myself by reading . " She also started writing stories and later sold two of them to magazines in South Africa . Lessing has never forgotten the importance of reading as a way to educate yourself  "  you know there are some people in the world who still do "  and feels strongly about helping people in developing countries to gain access to books . " -LSB- There are -RSB- places where there is no proper education . In large parts of Africa for example , you find them begging for books . " In her acceptance speech on receiving the Nobel Prize , she painted moving pictures of the desperate struggle for knowledge people in some developing countries still endure : "  Not long ago a friend who had been in Zimbabwe told me about a village where people had not eaten for three days , but they were still talking about books and how to get them , about education . " She strongly advocates storytelling as an essential part of childhood , and claims there is a distinguishable difference between the attitudes of people who grew up reading books , and that of those who grew up with television and whose parents feel television and the Internet are satisfactory substitutes . People brought up on books are "  infinitely better informed , better educated " than those who do n't have a genuine passion for reading instilled in them , says Lessing . The storyteller , on the other hand , needs to be aware of the potential power of their words . Lessing has firm principles about her work : "  I do n't write what I do n't believe , or I do n't write anything which I think is wrong . " This uncompromising attitude coupled with her anti-apartheid campaigning helped get her and her books banned from Rhodesia and South Africa in the 1950s . Half a century later the left-wing radical has become a grand old lady of the literary scene . Unimaginably , her latest book , "  Alfred and Emily , " released this year , will be her last . The book presents the effect of World War I on her parents , and in the first of the novel she imagines what their lives would have been like had that terrible event never happened . "  For my father it was easy , he always wanted to be a farmer , in Essex , or Suffolk , or somewhere . So I 've given him the life he wanted . And my mother , who was an extremely clever woman -- I 've given her a life where she could use all these abilities , which she never had the chance to do in her own life . " The second half is a more faithful account of their experiences during the war , and how distant they were from the lives they wanted . Perhaps her graceful exit with "  Alfred and Emily " was intended to demonstrate a deeper value to storytelling . Much more than an exercise in imagination or controversy , it opens the door to an endless universe of second chances .	Writer Doris Lessing spells out mankind 's dependence on stories Lessing on storytelling : "  It 's always going on in one way or another . " Her own life is itself a great story : born in Persia , she grew up in southern Africa The Nobel prizewinner says her latest novel "  Alfred and Emily " will be her last
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British Big Brother star Jade Goody is fast-tracking plans to get married after being told doctors can not cure her cancer . British Big Brother star Jade Goody has been diagnosed with terminal cancer . Goody , 27 , only has months to live after her cervical cancer spread to her liver , bowel and groin , the British Press Association reported . She sprung into the spotlight during her first appearance in the Big Brother house in 2002 , before going on to launch a range of her own products and host television shows . Goody 's return to the house in 2007 , on the celebrity edition of the show , ended in ignominy , after her taunting of Bollywood star Shilpa Shetty outraged viewers and resulted in more than 40,000 complaints . However , in August 2008 she accepted an offer to go on the Indian version of Big Brother . Two days into that she was diagnosed with cervical cancer and left the house . Goody 's spokesman , Max Clifford , told PA that Goody was "  devastated " and was working to put her legal affairs in order . She has two sons , Bobby , five , and Freddie , four , and has told British media that she wants to leave them financially secure . Her boyfriend , Jack Tweed , had proposed at her hospital bedside , Clifford said . Goody , in a wheelchair , was seen in London on Sunday shopping for a dress .	British Big Brother star Jade Goody has been told she has terminal cancer Goody notoriously taunted Indian Bollywood star on show She is fast-tracking plans to get married after cervical cancer spread
Rolling Stone  -- Jack White left his Radio City Music Hall audience confused and angry on Saturday night when he abruptly left the stage and ended the show after only playing for about 55 minutes . Over the short course of a 12-song set backed by his all-male band , White stuck mostly to his new material with high-energy takes on "  Sixteen Saltines " and "  Hypocritical Kiss , " plus four White Stripes songs ; he sprinted to the piano for a new version of "  Dead Leaves and the Dirty Ground " and strapped on his Telecaster for an epic "  Ball and Biscuit . " Despite the crowd 's visible enthusiasm , White seemed displeased with its energy level . "  Jesus Christ , is this an NPR convention ? " he asked after "  Love Interruption " -- a perplexing statement , since the entire floor was standing and cheering .  Later , he asked the crowd to quiet down , "  because I ca n't hear myself think . " They cheered anyway .  White regularly eggs on his crowds with sarcastic banter . At one point , he also suggested performing the rest of the show acoustically , which he joked only ten percent of fans would want . Jack White Drops Video Directed by Hype Williams Soon afterward , White made a short announcement before leaving the stage , leaving some fans wondering if it was just an intermission  maybe he 'd be returning with his all-female band ?  or a ploy for encore hype . The audience stuck around for several minutes after White 's disappearance , expecting him to return even as roadies emerged to unplug instruments and shut off the amps . The waiting crowd broke into a "  Seven Nation Army " singalong , but once the curtain went down , the song quickly devolved into booing and some shouting of "  F -- Jack White . " Premiere : Jack White Jams in the Woods at Outside Lands According to the New York Observer , the ushers at the concert seemed equally mystified by its early ending , and a member of the security team later offered an explanation to the reporter . "  He was n't happy with the sound , " he said . "  I do n't know why he pulled that . " The paper also noted that White had several "  angry exchanges " with a shirtless fan in the front row who was removed by security . After clearing the auditorium , a loud and disgruntled crowd of about 100 fans reportedly gathered outside the venue near the main backstage exit , banging on parked cars . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Jack White ended the show at Radio City Music Hall after only playing for about 55 minutes White stuck mostly to his new material with a high-energy take on "  Sixteen Saltines " He made an announcement before leaving ; some wondered if it was intermission
NEW YORK  CNN  -- New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced Thursday he is asking the city council to change the office 's two-term limit to allow him to run for a third term . "  If the City Council should vote to amend term limits , I plan to ask New Yorkers to look at my record of independent leadership and then decide if I 've earned another term , " Bloomberg said in a news conference at City Hall . The mayor , a billionaire businessman , is credited with helping New York City recover economically after the terror attacks on September 11 , 2001 , which felled the twin towers of the World Trade Center and killed more than 2,700 people . Elected for the first time just two months after the attacks , Bloomberg pumped tens of millions of dollars of his own money into that campaign , as well as his bid for re-election in 2005 . "  As a businessman with expertise on Wall Street and finance and as a mayor who has balanced budgets and delivered services , I can tell you that the enormity of the challenges ahead should not be underestimated , " Bloomberg said . "  I care deeply about sustaining the progress we made and finishing the job the voters elected me to do . " Watch Bloomberg talk about seeking a third term " New York City Comptroller William C. Thompson , Jr. , a Democrat considered a leading candidate to replace Bloomberg in next year 's election , said he was "  extremely disappointed " in the mayor 's announcement . "  I have always taken the Mayor at his word , particularly when he said on multiple occasions that altering term limits through a council vote would be disgraceful , " he said . "  Let me be clear : Today 's announcement constitutes an attempt to suspend democracy . We should not undermine the will of the voters . " Bloomberg , an independent since 2007 , wants city council to change the current two-term limit law and offer voters another choice . "  As always , it will be up to the people to decide , not me , " he said . Standing beside Bloomberg at a later news conference regarding rebuilding at the World Trade Center site , New York Gov. David Paterson said he 'd "  be delighted to see -LSB- Bloomberg -RSB- running for a third term . " The mayor then jokingly pledged that he would not seek a fourth . In 2005 , Bloomberg easily defeated his Democratic opponent , Fernando Ferrer , the former Bronx borough president , who was never able to gain any traction against the popular incumbent . Before becoming mayor , Bloomberg ran Bloomberg L.P. , a global communications company that provides news and financial services to thousands of businesses worldwide .	Michael Bloomberg asking city council to change two-term limit so he can run again Mayor credited with helping New York recover after September 11 , 2001 First elected just two months after the attacks , he spent millions on campaign Before becoming mayor , Bloomberg was billionaire businessman
Mashable  -- Microsoft is set to unveil the next generation of Windows today . The new operating system , currently known as Windows 8 , is the tech giant 's attempt to regain ground that it has lost to Apple , which surpassed Microsoft last year as the world 's most valuable company . It is n't the MacBook or Mac OS X Lion that has Microsoft executives worried , though . It 's the sheer dominance of the iPad . The iPad has n't skipped a beat since its debut last year . Thanks to Apple 's ingenuity , a shockingly low starting price and a strong marketing campaign , the device has sold more than 25 million units in less than a year and a half . More importantly , it has defined a whole new category of consumer devices . And it dominates that category with an iron fist . iPad competitors have come and gone , but none have been able to make a dent in the iPad 's rapid growth . HP has given up on the TouchPad , the RIM Playbook has underperformed and countless Android tablets have fallen by the wayside . Nothing has emerged as the alternative to the iPad . Windows 8 : One OS to rule them all This presents a dangerous problem and an opportunity for Microsoft . The tech giant can not let Apple monopolize the tablet market like Microsoft did with the desktop OS . That would seal its fate as a technology power destined to diminish into a shell of its former self . There is a need for a legitimate alternative to the iPad , though , and the company that gets it right will emerge in a strong position to take a big piece of the fast-growing tablet market . Success in tablets would boost Microsoft 's profits , ease investor concerns about the shrinking PC market and set it up for future growth . That 's where Windows 8 comes in . The next generation OS , which will be unveiled at the Microsoft Build conference on Tuesday , is not only designed for PCs , but it is also made to work on tablets as well . We got a taste of its touchscreen capabilities at the D9 conference earlier this year , but we expect Microsoft to unveil the first Windows 8 tablet during Tuesday 's keynote . Our sources tell us that the device will be manufactured by Samsung but has been designed meticulously by Microsoft in an attempt to create the iPad alternative . Will Microsoft 's gamble work ? Can the company create an OS that works seamlessly on both tablets and PCs ? And most of all , will it be useful enough , different enough and cheap enough to give the iPad a run for its money ? We 'll be closer to knowing the answers to those questions Tuesday morning . The tablet wars are about to begin in earnest . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple iPad has sold more than 25 million units in less than a year and a half Nothing has emerged as the alternative to the iPad -- a problem and opportunity for Microsoft Windows 8 will be unveiled at the Microsoft Build conference Tuesday
John Grisham is taking back statements he made about child pornography and sex offenders . In a recent interview with the UK 's Telegraph , the lawyer and prolific author of books and Hollywood adaptations such as "  The Firm , " "  The Pelican Brief " and "  A Time to Kill " sparked outrage when he expressed his belief that some people who view child pornography online are receiving punishments that do n't match the scale of the crime . "  We have prisons now filled with guys my age , 60-year-old white men , in prison , who 've never harmed anybody  and  would never touch a child , " Grisham said during a conversation about high U.S. prison rates . "  But they got online one night and started surfing around , probably had too much to drink or whatever , and pushed the wrong buttons and went too far and got into child porn . ... They deserve some type of punishment , but 10 years in prison ? "  There 's so many of them now , sex offenders ... that they put them in the same prison , like they 're a bunch of perverts or something . " He then used an old law school friend as an example : "  I have no sympathy for a real pedophile . But so many of these guys do n't deserve harsh prison sentences . A friend of mine , this was 10 years ago , was drinking , and his drinking was out of control . And he went to a website , and it was labeled , 16-year-old wannabe hookers or something , some stupid website . And it said 16-year-old girls . So he went there and downloaded some stuff . "  It was 16-year-old girls that look 30 . ... He should n't have done it . It was stupid . But it was n't 10-year-old boys , and he did n't touch anything . " To Grisham 's recollection , the website his friend visited was actually a sting operation to capture sex offenders . He said his friend was then sent to prison for three years . Those comments and the nature in which Grisham discussed the very serious issue of child pornography incited a flood of hurt , disappointed and angry reactions from fans . "  The day that you came out in an interview and said that watchers of child porn get too stiff of a penalty for it  you said 10 years was too much  makes you someone that I can not support nor no longer want to read , " a reader named Kendra Benefield Lausman shared on Grisham 's Facebook page ; another posted that she 's taken her entire Grisham library to her "  burn barrel " with the intent to set the books on fire . "  How do you think child porn is made ? " a poster named John Kelly asked on Grisham 's page . "  Someone is still getting hurt you imbecile . I 'm sad to say that I will never purchase , nor consume , one of your books ever again . I am disgusted . " After the uproar began , Grisham issued an apology . "  Anyone who harms a child for profit or pleasure , or who in any way participates in child pornography -- online or otherwise -- should be punished to the fullest extent of the law , " the author said in a statement . "  My comments made two days ago during an interview with the British newspaper The Telegraph were in no way intended to show sympathy for those convicted of sex crimes , especially the sexual molestation of children . I can think of nothing more despicable . I regret having made these comments , and apologize to all . " That may not be enough for some of his former followers . "  You clearly said in the interview that people  like your drunk friend  who look at child porn do n't deserve severe punishment , " Facebook user Raylene Jolly Wheeler posted in response to Grisham . "  Not sure how you can backtrack that statement . "	John Grisham has apologized for comments he made about child porn The prolific author said the justice system is too harsh on some sex offenders The comments have sparked outrage from fans
CNN  -- Indecisive foodies have another tool to help them find top-notch eating and drinking destinations . Google on Monday overhauled the Zagat.com website and released new , free Zagat mobile apps for Android and iOS . Until now , Zagat required people to login to access the reviews . With this overhaul , Google is making Zagat content free and accessible to everyone without having to sign up . Google purchased the restaurant-review company in 2011 and added its database of reviews to existing Google services like Google Maps and Google Plus in 2012 . Zagat ratings score dining , hotel and other entertainment venues on a scale of one to 30 . They have n't replaced Google 's own Yelp-like scoring system , which assigns locations a one - to five-star rating based on user reviews in Google Plus . Those scores currently show up in Google.com search results . Zagat competes with other review databases such as Yelp and Foursquare . Unlike those crowd-sourced rankings , Zagat still relies on a slightly older , less-freewheeling model . It collects information about the places it rates using surveys and then tallies the results for the final scores . The new Zagat has four categories of content . There are listings for individual places that bear the familiar one-paragraph summary and ratings for food , decor , service and an average cost . There is also original content put together by local editors in the form of lists , blog posts  called "  Buzz "  and videos . The revamped Zagat site and apps only cover restaurants and nightlife in nine cities to start , but Google says it will add 50 locations in the coming months . It also plans to add in results for other types of destinations , including stores , hotels and places of interest . For now , anyone living in or visiting Austin , Boston , Chicago , London , Los Angeles , New York , Philadelphia , San Francisco or Washington can use the tools to choose an adventure .	Google releases a revamped Zagat site and apps on Monday This is the first time Zagat reviews can be accessed free and without registration Zagat scores restaurants , nightlife , stores and points of interest on a scale of one to 30 The apps and site will only cover nine cities to start but more are coming soon
CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's blockbuster announcement that he is in favor of full marriage equality is the most courageous thing he has done since he entered the White House three and a half years ago . Coming after his successful strategy to get Congress to repeal do n't ask , do n't tell so that gays and lesbians can serve openly in the military and the decision of his Justice Department to stop defending the Defense of Marriage Act in federal courts , he has now done nearly as much for gay people as Lyndon Johnson did for African-Americans with the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . Obama : ` Same-sex couples should be able to get married ' People like me , who were among his most passionate supporters in 2008 , felt a sense of gigantic relief . The man who seemed like such a courageous candidate four years ago finally sounded like a genuinely courageous president . Coming so soon after his decision not to sign an executive order that would have banned discrimination against gays and lesbians among federal contractors , Wednesday 's statement instantly obliterated the doubts of millions of his gay supporters . In some ways , the momentum of his own presidency on gay rights made Wednesday 's declaration inevitable . In his interview with ABC News , the president himself cited the end of do n't ask , do n't tell as one reason he felt compelled to speak out . "  I think about those soldiers or airmen or Marines or sailors who are out there fighting on my behalf and yet feel constrained , even now that do n't ask , do n't tell is gone , because they are not able to commit themselves in a marriage , at a certain point I 've just concluded that for me personally , it is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same sex couples should be able to get married , " the president said . Many polls have shown healthy majorities among Americans younger than 30 in favor of marriage equality , and the president noted that even college Republicans who oppose the rest of his policies "  are very clear that when it comes to same-sex equality or , you know , sexual orientation that they believe in equality . " The other two facts that probably made his decision easiest were contained in a Gallup Poll released this week , which showed that 65 % of Democrats and 57 % of independents agree that gay marriage should be legal . What made the decision most difficult is the closeness of the presidential race in battleground states such as Ohio and North Carolina -- especially after North Carolina residents voted overwhelmingly Tuesday to change the state constitution so that not only marriage but all forms of domestic partnership would be banned for same-sex couples . The effect on the president 's base was immediate and electric . Andrew Tobias , the long-time treasurer of the Democratic National Committee , said that most "  LGBT donors were already willing to focus on all the great stuff that has been done and how much more we 'll get done if he 's re-elected . But today has ramped up the enthusiasm dramatically . I 've gotten calls and five-figure credit card authorizations already from people who were just waiting for this . The enthusiasm level is very high . " Former New York City Mayor Edward Koch is a strong supporter of the president . The dean of New York Democrats also has one of the oldest and strongest records in support of gay rights of any modern American politician , having first come out in favor of the repeal of New York State 's anti-sodomy law in 1962 . When informed of the president 's action by CNN.com , Koch said , "  Someone should write a play about this -- there 's so much drama here ! " "  The question will be , was he pushed , or are these his real feelings ? " Koch continued . "  I believe this is how he really feels . I commend him for doing this . " The former mayor pointed out that until today , the president was getting the "  worst of both worlds " by continuing to say that his feelings were evolving on this subject . "  He was evolving into dust . And now he has evolved into a major figure who should be thanked by the country . " Among the president 's most fervent supporters , a latent fear remains that this announcement could cost him the election . But a new feeling offers gigantic compensation : the conviction that we really did elect a genuinely transformational president . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Kaiser .	Charles Kaiser : Obama 's stance on gay rights has effect similar to Civil Rights Act His statement instantly obliterated doubts of millions of his gay supporters , he writes Gallup Poll : 65 % of Democrats , 57 % of independents support same-sex marriage Gay supporters , he says , now feel they helped elect a transformational president
CNN  -- Serbia 's Ana Ivanovic made it into the second round of the Qatar Open after Spanish opponent Carla Suarez Navarro retired injured . The world No. 19 was leading 6-1 4-1 when Suarez Navarro retired due to a back injury and will face either Petra Martic , from Croatia , or the Czech Republic 's Petra Cetkovska in round three . Ivanovic , French Open champion in 2008 , was pleased with her form and told reporters she still harbors hopes of reaching No. 1 in the world . "  Well , that 's why I 'm here , " she said . "  If I did n't think so , I probably would n't be sitting here . But , yeah , I definitely believe so . " Kerber emulates Graf with Paris Open triumph But Ivanovic admitted the competition on the WTA Tour is fierce in 2012 . She added : "  A lot more girls can challenge top players from the early rounds . "  That 's exciting for us , because we do want challenges . But I feel like those girls that are on top at the moment , they 're playing very aggressively , and that 's the way you have to play in order to win . " Russia 's Svetlana Kuznetsova , seeded 14 , made it safely through to round three after a 7-5 6-3 victory over Spaniard Maria Jose Martinez-Sanchez . But Kuznetsova 's compatriot , 10th seed Anastasia Pavlyuchenko , was knocked out of the tournament by Kazakhstan 's Ksenia Pervak . Elsewhere , Israel 's Shahar Peer overcame Nadia Lalami of Morocco while China 's Shuai Peng dismissed Fatma al-Nabhani of Oman .	Serbian Ana Ivanovic beats Carla Suarez Navarro at Qatar Open World No. 19 into second round after Spanish opponent retires hurt 10th seed Anastasia Pavlyuchenko beaten by Kazakhstan 's Ksenia Pervak Svetlana Kuznetsova beats Spain 's Maria Jose Martinez-Sanchez 7-5 6-3
CNN  -- Manchester City thumped Arsenal and then downed Liverpool at home this month in the English Premier League so not many expected relegation threatened Crystal Palace to put up a fight at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday . But the Eagles , rejuvenated under Tony Pulis , did just that and it took Edin Dzeko 's goal midway in the second half to finally put the visitors away . City won 1-0 to improve to a perfect 10-0-0 in the league at home this season and , without its closest rivals playing until Sunday , overtook Arsenal by two points atop the division . Defending champion Manchester United also struggled -- though not as much as City -- as it played without the injured Wayne Rooney but edged Norwich City 1-0 to collect a sixth successive victory in all competitions . City manager Manuel Pellegrini made six changes to the side that doubled Liverpool 2-1 on Boxing Day , naming the likes of Alvaro Negredo , Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri to the substitutes ' bench . Even though City bossed possession -- at 77 percent -- Crystal Palace matched the host in shots on target . And it was the first time City had n't scored at least twice at home in the top flight this term . "  We did n't have a fresh team , " Pellegrini told Sky Sports . "  And it 's very difficult when you have one team that wants to play and the other wants to defend . "  That was the game we saw today . That 's not what we 're used to doing at the Etihad . " Although Pellegrini essentially said that Palace parked the bus , recently reinstated City goalkeeper Joe Hart made a string of good saves -- after sustaining a cut under his eye in a collision with Cameron Jerome -- before and after Dzeko broke through in the 66th minute . Welbeck winner Rooney , in fine form , missed United 's trip to Norwich due to a lingering groin strain but Manchester United said he should be available for Wednesday 's clash against Tottenham . United manager David Moyes did n't start Danny Welbeck , either -- he has enjoyed recent success -- but the striker came off the bench to net the winner in the 57th minute . The Red Devils , who rallied to beat Hull 3-2 on the road Thursday , remained seven points behind Manchester City but climbed to sixth . "  To win back-to-back games in the Premier League in three days away from home is really difficult , " Moyes told Sky . "  Some teams do n't play until tomorrow . "  We had two games in three days , and I have to say the squad coped really well . "  I was delighted to get the result . I thought Norwich played really well . " Elsewhere , Cardiff City conceded deep in injury time and had to settle for a 2-2 draw against last-place Sunderland ; Hull rebounded from the loss to Manchester United , routing poor traveler Fulham 6-0 ; and West Ham and West Bromwich Albion produced six goals in a 3-3 draw in London . Aston Villa snapped a four-match losing streak although did n't beat Swansea at home , drawing 1-1 . Cardiff looked set to claim all three points in its first game since manager Malky Mackay was fired , taking a 2-0 lead . But Steven Fletcher pulled a goal back for Sunderland in the 83rd minute and Jack Colbeck equalized on a deflected effort in the fifth minute of added time . Arsenal travels to surging Newcastle on Sunday and Chelsea hosts Liverpool in a battle of third versus fourth .	Manchester City needs 66 minutes to open the scoring against Crystal Palace But City wins 1-0 to extend its home record in the Premier League to 10-0-0 Manchester United makes it six victories in a row by blanking Norwich City 1-0 Arsenal visits Newcastle and Chelsea hosts Liverpool on Sunday
CNN  -- By the time he hit 327 pounds , Robert Foster had been playing "  the fat guy " for decades . His size was the thing that made him stand out . Publicly , he embraced his lifestyle as a "  BBQ-lovin ' , beef-eatin ' , no-veggie-buyin ' " male who wore T-shirts flaunting his hefty size . There was a particularly perverse one , he says looking back on it , which read "  I beat anorexia . " Privately , he was resentful that he was n't thinner . He felt angry when he could n't bear to take his four little girls to the park because he was too exhausted from unloading groceries . He resented being told he was too big for the seat-belt latch on amusement park rides . His wife , Jessica , was also obese , at 287 pounds . Unlike Rob , she felt invisible . Customers at the bank where she worked stared past her as they made their transactions . In late 2011 , a close family member made a comment at the dinner table that stuck with her : "  She used to be something to look at . Not anymore . " In late March 2012 , the Colorado couple had an emotional conversation . Jess was coming up on her 30th birthday and was sick of the way she looked and felt . They had had talks like this before , where they talked about needing to change , but something was different that night . "  I adore my kids and I love my husband very much , but there was that point I hated myself so much . I was n't giving them the full me because I was disgusted , " Jess said . "  You have to look in the mirror and say , ` Am I going to allow this to continue or am I going to stand up and make those changes ? ' A light turned on upstairs . " The next week , she began taking Zumba classes . In just a few weeks , she had lost 14 pounds -- enough to motivate her to take on new physical challenges . She moved on to bikes and treadmills and made sure to sweat for an hour at least three times a week . After that , there was no turning back , she said . Rob was a little slower to change -- the thought of going for a run was "  unappealing to the point of agony " -- but he started playing tennis and stopped taking seconds at dinner . In the summer of 2012 , they added other physical activities that did n't feel like working out , like hiking and recreational swimming with their kids and friends . They got hooked on the physical highs and wanted to do more . Rob joined Jess in training for a 5-kilometer race that December . He walked as much as he ran , and Jess finished way ahead of him . But something in him changed . "  The race environment and the high fives and the feeling of accomplishment became addicting to me , " he said . "  After that day , I swore I would work to run a 5k without slowing to a walk . " In Rob 's words , "  it got crazy from there . " The more he ran , the more he felt he needed to run . When he put on his sneakers and took off , "  I felt like my whole life was skyrocketing upward , " he said . A few months after that first 5k , he ran his second , this time without walking . Then he did his first 10-mile run . And in May 2014 , he ran his first marathon . By then he was 160 pounds lighter . Throughout the process , the couple used a calorie-counting app to keep track of everything they ate . They knew they wanted to break their family 's cycle of unhealthy relationships with food while their children were still young . "  It got to the point where we realized it did n't matter what we fed them , " Rob said . "  If we were n't eating the same way or if we were overeating , they were going to follow our example . " The Fosters began shopping only the periphery of grocery stores , never entering the aisles unless it was for cereal . They added more fruits , vegetables and lean white meats and fish . They also began cooking everything they ate from scratch , including breads , dressings and sauces . "  Our whole philosophy towards food was adding good things , " Rob said . "  What we found was , the more and more good things we added , the less we craved the garbage . " After months of a diet rich in whole grains , green vegetables and lean meats , they recently made the decision to go vegan for health , environmental and ethical reasons . Rob and Jess now each weigh 167 pounds , down a collective 280 pounds . Jessica has lost 120 pounds from the start of their journey ; Rob has lost 160 . They feel healthier , happier and ready to tackle the world . Rob , a former bank branch manager , has gone back to college to pursue a bachelor 's degree in integrative physiology with the goal of entering medical school . This May , he completed his first year of college . He 's not "  the fat guy " anymore , and he 's fine with that . Jess feels pretty great , too . Now a size 10 , down from size 24 , she 's still getting used to people paying attention to her . She re-entered the workforce in July 2013 after five years as a stay-at-home mom and was surprised at the difference in how people treated her . "  A lot of people became very friendly and were really looking at me in my face , instead of this blank stare . ... And obviously , the opposite sex was more playful , always complimentary . I never had that . Never , ever , ever , " she said . "  I love myself . I like what I 'm seeing in the mirror . I know there 's some work to still be done , but I 'm such a different person than I was before . "	Robert and Jessica Foster had been obese for years They focused on getting healthy for their daughters After opening their minds to a new lifestyle , they lost 280 pounds between them
Framingham , Massachusetts  CNN  -- If Sarah Sellers ' warnings had been taken seriously 10 years ago , 12 people might be alive today . Sellers , a pharmacist and expert on the sterile compounding of drugs , testified to Congress in 2003 about non-sterile conditions she 'd witnessed . "  Professional standards for sterile compounding have not been consistently applied , " she told the Senate Committee on Health , Education , Labor , and Pensions . "  The absence of federal compounding regulations has created vulnerability in our gold standard system for pharmaceutical regulation . " Nearly 10 years later , there are still no federal sterility guidelines for compounding pharmacies that make and distribute drugs all over the country . Now , 137 cases and 12 fatalities nationwide are blamed on a rare , noncontagious form of meningitis linked to contaminated steroid injections made by the Massachusetts-based New England Compounding Center . The latest death to be connected to the outbreak was that of a 70-year-old man who died in Florida in July , prior to the discovery of the contamination . Tennessee is the hardest-hit state , with 39 infections and six deaths , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Three deaths occurred in Michigan and one each in Maryland and Virginia , the CDC said . Patients contracted the deadly meningitis after being injected in their spines with a preservative-free steroid called methylprednisolone acetate that was contaminated by a fungus . The steroid is used to treat pain and inflammation . As many as 13,000 people may have received the medicine between May 21 and September 24 , the CDC said . The New England Compounding Center announced Wednesday it has established a recall operations center to manage the removal of all its products from circulation . Last week , the pharmacy voluntarily surrendered its license to operate until the Food and Drug Administration 's investigation into the contamination is complete . Health officials say 75 medical facilities in 23 states received the contaminated steroid injections from NECC . At least two lawmakers are introducing bills to strengthen the FDA 's oversight of compounding pharmacies . "  Unfortunately , compounding pharmacies are a 19th century service operating in a 21st century industry , and we need to update and strengthen the rules that govern these operations so that patients can safely benefit from the unique service they offer , " Rep. Edward Markey , D-Massachusetts , said in a statement . "  I look forward to working with my colleagues to introduce this legislation and to ensure FDA has the authority it needs to oversee these pharmacies and protect patients . " Meningitis outbreak : Your questions answered Rep. Rosa DeLauro , D-Connecticut , vowed similar action . "  This outbreak and the corresponding recall of products from the New England Compounding Center expose dramatic gaps in our drug safety standards that create an unnecessary risk to the public health , " she wrote in a letter to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius . While compounding pharmacies were intended to create customized medications for specific patients , some "  have evolved into large scale operations that produce sizeable quantities of some drugs , " she wrote . "  For example , cases in the current outbreak are spread across nine states and more than 17,500 doses of the potentially contaminated drug were shipped to 23 states . At the same time , the FDA lacks clear authority for ensuring the safety of these products and last updated its guidance for  the  industry in 2002 . " The FDA has been working on new guidelines since at least 2006 , but the effort is "  still in progress , " FDA spokeswoman Erica Jefferson said . Currently , the FDA does not have jurisdiction over compounding pharmacies until there is a problem . FDA officials say they have been fighting to change that for more than 20 years . The compounding pharmacy industry has challenged those efforts , and courts have ruled that individual state health departments are in charge . "  These facilities are inspected upon initial licensure and in response to complaints , " said Alec Loftus of the Massachusetts Department of Public Health . One woman 's fight for compounding pharmacy guidelines Massachusetts requires compound pharmacies to be licensed by the state board , but does not require accreditation . That 's a voluntary process that only 162 out of 3,000 compounding facilities have obtained , according to the Pharmacy Compounding Accreditation Board . "  The oversight appears to be quite lax , " said CNN 's chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta , reporting from Massachusetts about the contaminated drugs . The New England Compounding Center "  can distribute thousands of doses of drugs and it does n't necessarily have to be accredited . " The center 's building in Framingham is also home to a garbage compactor and recycling center . CNN observed a medical waste truck making a drop , as well as piles of garbage , boxes , and old mattresses on the back side of the pharmacy compound building . Both companies are owned by the same people . If the site had been accredited , officials would have examined the facilities and considered whether there are concerns about the site sharing space with a garbage facility , Gupta said . "  Our investigation into NECC and the outbreak with our partners in Massachusetts are ongoing , so I ca n't comment directly on how this factors in , " said Jefferson , the FDA spokeswoman . There is no law that specifies a minimum proximity between a compounding pharmacy and other establishments . The Massachusetts Department of Public Health has warned the NECC multiple times since 2002 about unsanitary conditions at its facility . Statutory and regulatory requirements stipulate that compounding can be done only on receipt of a patient-specific prescription , Dr. Madeleine Biondolillo , director of the department 's Bureau of Healthcare Safety and Quality , told reporters Wednesday . Asked if there had been a violation , she said some organizations may have operated contrary to the licensing regulations , but that is part of the investigation . Compounding pharmacies were originally created for doctors or pharmacists to make small amounts of custom medications -- for example , adding flavored syrup to a cough medicine , or creating a smaller dose for an individual patient if it 's not created commercially . They 've grown into a much larger business . Pharmacy compounding accounts for 37 million prescription drugs in the United States each year . Some compounders ship thousands of custom drugs all over the country . NECC is licensed to distribute to surgery centers and pain clinics in 50 states . Nearly 10 % of drugs administered in the United States come from compound pharmacies , according to a 2003 Government Accountability Office report . Meningitis is an inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord . It is usually caused by an infection , frequently with bacteria or a virus , but it can also be caused by less common pathogens , such as fungi in this case , according to the CDC . Fungal meningitis is very rare and , unlike viral and bacterial meningitis , is not contagious . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at Vanderbilt University Medical Center , told CNN that fungal infections are not usually mild . He said when a fungus invades small blood vessels , it can cause them to clot or bleed , which can lead to symptoms of small strokes . In addition to typical meningitis symptoms like headache , fever , nausea and stiffness of the neck , people with fungal meningitis may also experience confusion , dizziness and discomfort from bright lights . Patients might just have one or two of these symptoms , the CDC says . Health officials say any patients who received an injection at one of the facilities beginning May 21 and who began showing symptoms between one and three weeks after being injected should see their doctor right away . The earlier a patient gets treatment , the more likely he or she will survive . Patients are treated with anti-fungal medication , which is given intravenously , so patients have to be admitted to the hospital , the CDC said . Patients may need to be treated for months . The FDA is urging anyone who has experienced problems following an injection with the NECC product to report it to MedWatch , the FDA 's voluntary reporting program , by phone at 1-800-FDA-1088 or online at www.fda.gov/medwatch/report.htm . CNN 's Danielle Dellorto reported from Framingham ; CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen and William Hudson reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta , Josh Levs and Ann Curley contributed to this report .	There are no federal sterility guidelines for compounding pharmacies The FDA has no jurisdiction until there is a problem Two lawmakers are introducing legislation to strengthen the FDA 's oversight 12 people have died in a meningitis outbreak linked to a steroid
CNN  -- When Rickie Fowler was named the PGA Tour 's rookie of the year in 2010 , the groundswell of opinion outside the U.S. was that the award should have gone to another young golfing prodigy -- Rory McIlroy . While the Northern Irishman went on to win his first major title in 2011 , and climbed to the top of the world rankings this year , Fowler had been hanging on the cusp of his own breakthrough . Until Sunday , that is , when the 23-year-old claimed his first PGA Tour title at the same Quail Hollow venue where McIlroy made his mark two years ago with a stunning final-round 62 that secured his maiden U.S. victory . Clad in his trademark bright orange outfit , his shock of hair barely contained by his hat , and a mustache nestling above his top lip that any 1970s detective would be proud of , Fowler produced his own moment of magic to beat McIlroy and fellow American D.A. Points in a playoff at the Wells Fargo Championship . Woods misses halfway cut at Quail Hollow His stunning wedge shot to within four feet of the hole at the tricky 18th , which had given up only four birdies all day , earned him the $ 1.17 million first prize and lifted him to 15th in the FedEx Cup standings and 24th in the world rankings . "  For Rickie to go out and play that hole the way he did , he deserved to win , " said McIlroy , who returned to world No. 1 above Englishman Luke Donald after taking home $ 572,000 in consolation . "  He probably has gone through a little bit of sort of scrutiny and a lot of pressure trying to get that first win , but now that win is out of the way . Hopefully that 'll ease the pressure a little bit . " Fowler , who was the world 's top amateur for 36 weeks , lost a playoff in his second tournament as a professional and has been runner-up three times on the main U.S. tour . Rested McIlroy returns to PGA Tour "  It 's nice to kind of shut them up a little bit , " he said on the PGA Tour website . "  It 's going to be kind of a relief . It 's been a wait , but I 'm definitely still young , and hopefully this opens the door to many more . But it 's nice to be mentioned as a PGA Tour winner . "  It 's still going to be almost like having zero when someone like Phil  Mickelson  is getting announced with 40 and I 've got one . I 've got some work to do . " When Fowler lines up at this week 's prestigious Players Championship , he will again be playing without one of his closest golfing friends -- Masters champion Bubba Watson , who skipped Quail Hollow to be with his wife and newly-adopted son and has also decided to sit out golf 's "  fifth major . " Final leaderboard at Wells Fargo Championship Watson and Fowler make up half of golf 's only boy band , the Golf Boys , along with Ben Crane and FedEx Cup leader Hunter Mahan . "  I 'm bummed that Bubba was n't around , " said Fowler , who helped Watson celebrate after his Masters playoff victory in April . "  We were n't exactly inside the ropes but we had a front-row seat , and just to see how he handled himself , the shots he hit , just to feel the energy ... definitely being around there gave me the kind of want to win more . " It 's not the first time Fowler has beaten McIlroy -- he did so by six shots in his only other professional win in a Korean event last year . "  Rory is the top-ranked young player right now , I 'm probably the one that sticks out most with color , " Fowler said . "  Now I 'm a PGA Tour winner , so I 've got some credibility . " Fowler played in the 2010 Ryder Cup defeat against Europe , and Sunday 's victory has lifted his hopes of playing in the U.S. team for this year 's match in Medinah , Illinois . Meanwhile , another player who made his Ryder Cup debut two years ago , Francesco Molinari , boosted his chance of a second appearance in September by winning the European Tour 's Spanish Open on Sunday . The Italian , whose brother Edoardo halved with Fowler in singles play at Celtic Manor in 2010 , moved up to 10th place on the European Ryder Cup standings after winning by three shots in Seville . The 29-year-old took home â ‚ ¬ 333,330  $ 435,000  after clinching his first title in 18 months , and climbed to 29th in the world rankings .	Rickie Fowler wins his first PGA Tour title in playoff at Wells Fargo Championship He beats Rory McIlroy and fellow American D.A. Points to $ 1.17 million prize McIlroy , who returns to world No. 1 , won the tournament for his first PGA title in 2010 Fowler wishes his friend Bubba Watson had been there to share the celebrations
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Condescension is never appetizing . Not even when it 's wrapped around a chimichanga . A political food fight broke out this week when Washington Post columnist Dana Milbank essentially wrote in a column that the Republican Party had nothing left to offer Latino voters other than the chimichanga . Let me set the table . Milbank was making a point that I 've made dozens of times myself : Given the nation 's demographics and the direction they 're headed , the GOP is on a suicide mission if it continues to alienate Hispanics . One way that Senate Republicans were doing that , Milbank insisted , was by dragging their feet on President Barack Obama 's nomination of Adalberto Jose Jordan to the 11th Circuit of Appeals . On Wednesday , the Senate finally confirmed him , in a 95-4 vote . Jordan will be the first Cuban-born judge to sit on that bench . But for a long time , Senate Republicans seemed intent on preventing that from occurring . They filibustered the nomination by doing what senators in both parties do during a filibuster : spouting nonsense for hours on end . Milbank seized on the nonsense that came from Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona . The senator 's remarks really had nothing to do with Latinos . They were about Arizona . "  The lettuce in your salad this month almost certainly came from Arizona , " McCain said on the Senate floor . "  It 's also believed that the chimichanga has its origin in Arizona . " Milbank sneered : "  The chimichanga ? It may be the only thing Republicans have left to offer Latinos . " That told me that Milbank 's knowledge of Latinos was a taco short of a combination plate . As dysfunctional as the modern-day Republican Party is with regard to immigration -- in large part , because it has basically volunteered to be the party of white Americans who are freaked out over shifting demographics -- the GOP offers Latinos quite a bit in other areas . For instance , a major reason you have even a sliver of accountability in America 's public schools is because a Republican president -- George W. Bush -- pushed through the No Child Left Behind , the most important educational reform measure in 50 years . What does it tell you that the law is opposed by liberal teachers ' unions but supported by the National Council of La Raza -- the nation 's largest Latino advocacy group ? What it tells me is that , when it comes to education reform and a host of other issues , the interests of the Democratic Party and its allies are not always in sync with the interests of the Latino community . Republicans also offer Latinos a full menu of conservative selling points : strong defense , smaller government , lower taxes , pro-life judges and a defense of traditional marriage . By the way , as someone who is pro-choice and supports gay marriage , those parts of the GOP message do n't work on me . But the point is , they do work on Latinos who are more socially conservative . Jim Messina , Obama 's campaign manager , eagerly bit into Milbank 's snarky quote , sending it out in a tweet . Of course he did . It 's not like someone such as Messina has much else to do , with regard to Latino voters . The modern Democratic Party strategy for Hispanic outreach amounts to simply this : "  Hola ! Vote for us . We 're not Republicanos ! " I ca n't blame Messina for opportunistically seizing on a quote from someone else that he thinks will make his job easier . That is what political operatives do . But I do blame Milbank . His remark was uninformed and uncalled for . Latinos can trace their ancestry to a variety of different countries , and they 're not interchangeable . Chimichangas might mean something to Mexicans or Mexican-Americans , but where does that leave Dominicans , Cubans , Brazilians , Puerto Ricans and others ? Also , it 's never a good idea for someone who is n't Latino to presume to know what appeals to Latinos . Lastly , if it 's not too much to ask , just once I 'd like to not be defined by a food group . That 's what Hillary Clinton did when , during the 2008 presidential campaign , she told Hispanic voters gathered in a Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas that the problems of all Americans are interconnected despite that "  we treat them as though one is guacamole and one is chips . " Politicians have dished out this tactic for years . In his congressional and Senate races , Lyndon Johnson went into the Hispanic enclaves of south Texas and handed out tacos and beer . Years later , President Gerald Ford tried to bond with a Hispanic audience by taking a bite out of a tamale . Bill Clinton loved Mexican food and consumed it with gusto . During a visit to a Mexican restaurant in Tucson in the late 1990s , Clinton showed his affinity with Hispanics by eating enough to satisfy an entire Mexican family . No political party is perfect . And neither Republicans nor Democrats are doing a very good job of serving Latinos at the moment . On the immigration issue , both have failed us . But the truth is that , despite what some liberals want Latinos to believe , the GOP offers a lot to that community . At moments like this , however , liberal Democrats offer only sarcasm , insults and condescension . It 's enough to give you indigestion . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : A columnist said the only thing the GOP has to offer Latinos is "  chimichangas " When Obama 's campaign manager tweeted the line , the GOP complained Navarrette says the statement was wrong ; Republicans do offer policies Hispanic voters like He says it 's a bad idea to tell an ethnic group what you think they should value
CNN  -- Music and travel have always gone together . But if you were to name 12 great travel-inspired tracks from the last 20 years , where would you start ? No , putting Enya on shuffle to transform 11 hours of bun-numbing economy class tedium into a "  spiritual journey " does n't count . You 'd probably find it hard to start at all . While performers like Jay-Z and Alicia Keys continue to crank out tunes that celebrate destinations like New York , barely anyone seems to be writing great songs about travel any more . Once a life-changing event , leaving on a jet plane is now something everyone does , all the time . And it sucks . High fuel prices and dull highways means epic car journeys are often out of the question . And the only people still hopping freight trains inevitably wind up mangled in machinery . So , with due apologies for excessive wallowing in classic guitar licks of years gone by , please fasten your seatbelts and familiarize yourself with the safety procedures as we embark on a journey through the best travel tunes ever recorded . 12 . Peter , Paul and Mary : ` Leaving on a Jet Plane '  1967 This wistful John Denver ballad telling the story of an achy-hearted traveler 's sadness at leaving a loved one and not knowing "  when I 'll be back again " is an anthem for long-distance love . In these days of volcanic eruptions , angry passengers and unhelpful counter agents , it could simply be a mundane tirade against the uncertainties of commercial flying . Sad but apt fact : In one of popular music 's most apt demises , Denver died when his experimental plane crashed into the Pacific Ocean . 11 . I Nine : ` Same in Any Language '  2005 As a director , Cameron Crowe has become the modern bard of hits  "  Jerry McGuire , " "  Almost Famous "  and misses  "  We Bought a Zoo "  . As a compiler of soundtracks , we 'd probably put him above Wes Anderson as the best in the biz . Though among his less celebrated films , 2005 's "  Elizabethtown " showcases one of his most memorable collections of excellent , semi-obscure tunes , highlighted by this strummy rocker about the gypsy lifestyle from South Carolina 's critically acclaimed I Nine . The song takes us from Tripoli to Amsterdam to Birmingham , but finds that all of us share the universal desire of chatting up a Navajo in a parking lot in Tokyo .  Somehow this all works really , really well . Whattya gon na do ? fact : A great soundtrack could n't hide the flaws in "  Elizabethtown , " which gets just a 28 % approval rating from critics on Rotten Tomatoes . 10 . Gene Pitney : '24 Hours from Tulsa '  1963 Clearly a song of its time , Gene Pitney 's hit is a tale of unexpectedly falling in love a day 's drive away from an existing relationship . It would n't happen today because the song 's protagonist would have hopped onto a budget airline and made the journey in a couple of hours -- although he could perhaps have squeezed in a quick flirtation with the woman in seat 16B who was giving him those looks ... Slightly tasteless fact : The Welsh hotel room where Pitney died of heart failure in 2006 was about 24 hours ' travel time from Tulsa . 9 . Iggy Pop : ` The Passenger '  1977 Not to be confused with Elton John 's execrable 1984 song "  Passengers , " or the 2003 album "  Passenger " by Swedish nu metal band "  Passenger , " Iggy 's restless punk anthem cleaves a ragged path through the dark heart of an unexplored urban landscape -- or at least it used to until it was appropriated  with lucrative results for Mr. Pop no doubt  to peddle cars , Guinness and cosmetics . Sell-out fact : Apparently no longer content to be a passenger , Iggy himself -- old , wrinkled but still shirtless -- once advertised car insurance in the United Kingdom . 8 . M.I.A. : ` Paper Planes '  2008 Before you start hurling heavy objects at your screen , hear us out . Yes , this might be a feeble attempt to keep this list current , but M.I.A. 's melodic mash-up of The Clash 's "  Straight to Hell " and Wreckx-n-Effect 's "  Rumpshaker " is about travel . Sure , M.I.A. 's incoherent polemics on global oppression create as many critics as fans , and all the edgy stuff about visas and hustling on "  Paper Planes " is somewhat undone by the misfiring irony of the song 's cartoon violence -- but there 's no avoiding the fact it was a solid platinum hit . Undiplomatic fact : M.I.A. 's strident support for Sri Lanka 's Tiger Tamil fighters led to her being branded a "  terrorist sympathizer " by the island 's government . 7 . The Go-Go 's : ` Vacation '  1982 This splash of California sunshine unabashedly wallows in the giddy romance of a holiday fling without coming to terms with the fact that -- this being the 1980s -- he was just some sleazeball waiter who probably beds a different girl group every week . Go-Go 's guitarist Jane Wiedlin gets extra travel points for her 1985 solo single "  Rush Hour " and her cameo in "  Bill and Ted 's Big Adventure . " Surprising subcontinental fact : Lead singer Belinda Carlisle now has a home in Goa , India . 6 . Simon and Garfunkel : ` Homeward Bound '  1966 This great travel song celebrates the tedium of being stuck in a dead-end en route to somewhere slightly better , which as any passenger knows , is half the fun . Another contender from S&G is "  America , " veering off the beaten track to name-check the workmanlike destinations of Pittsburgh , Saginaw and New Jersey . "  Homeward Bound " is a candid admission that being on the road blows and you 've had enough . Boo hoo hoo . Dirty fact : "  Homeward Bound " was reputedly penned by Paul Simon after he was stranded for the night at Widnes station in England . Widnes ' only other significant export is pollution . 5 . Hoodoo Gurus : ' 1,000 Miles Away '  1991 Australia 's occasionally be-paisleyed , troubadoring Gurus may have been using travel as a metaphor for the emotional distance that being away from home can inflict But with references to "  spending half my life in airports doing crosswords and attempting to sleep " and the soul-crushing burn that accompanies life "  at the bottom the corporate tree , " this paean to airport barstools and estimated times of arrival is the weary road warrior 's most sympathetic anthem . Nautical fact : The crew of the Australian Royal Navy frigate HMAS Canberra declared "  1,000 Miles Away " its unofficial theme song during the ship 's last voyage before being decommissioned in 2005 . 4 . Bob Dylan : ` Tangled Up in Blue '  1975 In truth you could conjure up a whole album of restless whines from the king of modern folk rock . Tunes like "  Blowin ' in the Wind " and "  The Times They Are A-Changin ' " inspired legions of disenfranchised youths to make tracks , even if no one really knew what Bob was on about . There 's more clarity to be had from "  Rolling Stone , " even if he resorts to harping on about "  clowns and jugglers " yet again . But nothing rivals the epic trans-U.S. poetry of "  Tangled . " Acting fact I : Dylan won an Oscar in 2000 for "  Things Have Changed , " featured in the movie "  Wonder Boys . " Just as well , since his woeful attempts at acting would never make the grade . 3 . Willie Nelson : ` On the Road Again '  1980 American national treasure Willie Nelson does n't mess around with Dylanesque whimsy in this straightforward classic that does exactly what it says on the cover . It 's called "  On the Road Again " and it 's about being on the road again . Hopefully Nelson is n't driving though . After arrests for marijuana and mushroom possession , it 's perhaps better if one of his friends takes the wheel . Acting fact II : Unlike Dylan , Nelson can act . Not that he needs to in movies like "  Dukes of Hazzard . " 2 . Bruce Springsteen : ` Born to Run '  1975 On the face of it , a rollicking love song for a girl going by the unlikely name of Wendy , but in truth a desperate anthem about getting the hell out of nowheresville  in Springsteen 's case , Asbury , New Jersey  , with the disaffected howl of "  We got ta get out while we 're young , 'cause tramps like us , baby we were born to run . " Career fact : A frustrated Springsteen recorded "  Born to Run " as a final effort to hit the big time . Apparently it worked . Steppenwolf : ` Born to be Wild '  1968 The ultimate open-road song . Steppenwolf 's full-throttled cover version would be a perfect checklist for the rock 'n ` roll voyager , if having a checklist was n't so un-rock 'n' roll . "  Get your motor running " -- check . "  Head out on the highway " -- check . "  Looking for adventure " -- check . You get the idea . Mind you , it 's been so worn out over the years that the only people still listening to it are graying oldies whose checklist is more likely to include things like blood-pressure pills , sensible shoes and a hernia truss . Not-so-wild fact : Despite being classed as one of the first heavy metal bands , Steppenwolf were originally called The Sparrows . Does n't quite have the same ring does it ? Updated with new songs from a story originally published in 2011 .	A journey through the best travel tunes ever recorded Go-Go 's , Bruce and S&G all represented You 've heard our pick for number one a million times ... but still probably ca n't turn it off your radio
CNN  -- More than 2 million U.S. troops have been deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan since October 2001 , and it has been estimated that one in five of those veterans are likely to be afflicted by post-traumatic stress disorder or major depression . Mary Cortani is working to help some of them enjoy life again . Through her nonprofit , Operation Freedom Paws , Cortani helps veterans train their own service dogs in northern California . She often helps match veterans with dogs from shelters or rescue groups . CNN asked Cortani for her thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 . CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean to Operation Freedom Paws ? Mary Cortani : Since June , I have received emails and phone calls from all over the country asking for information on how to get service dogs for veterans . Some requests are coming from the veterans themselves , but most are coming from family members watching their loved ones struggle with PTSD , traumatic brain injuries and mobility issues . It 's heartbreaking to learn about what these veterans and their families are going through , and even harder to hear their stories and know Operation Freedom Paws could help more of them if we had additional resources . I am hoping that with the recognition , we will  be able  to build the OFP Education Center and hire our mentor trainers , who are veterans that have completed or are completing the program .  We want to  put them and other veterans to work training others and expand into a national organization to help even more . But even more important , I hope it helps bring awareness to the issues that our veterans -- male and female -- face coming home injured . I hope it helps  our group  enlighten the public and government that service dogs can be a viable tool for assisting veterans , especially those suffering from PTSD and sexual trauma . The canine-human bond is an amazing gift that can make a difference for an individual to begin to feel and create their own new normal . How can we not support it ? If we change just one life and make it better , why wo n't we ? CNN : What was the reaction when you found out you were a top 10 CNN Hero ? Cortani : This is an amazing journey . My life was already blessed , and this is icing on the cake . What an amazing group of people to be included with . I still can not believe it is happening , and  I  have to pinch myself to know I 'm not dreaming . This is not about me ; it is about the veterans and the sacrifices that they and their families have made . This honor is for them . The veterans and clients that we work with every day are my heroes . The courage that they show every moment , just getting through the simple tasks or things that we take for granted , is my inspiration to keep moving forward and help even more . They do not even realize the strength they give me every day . Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year ? Cast your vote now ! CNN : How will you use the $ 50,000 award you receive for being selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Cortani : I intend to continue using whatever funding and positive publicity comes our way to increase public awareness about veterans ' invisible wounds and expand our service dog training programs . There are animals in shelters that will make outstanding service dogs , and there are veterans in desperate need of them . We just need to make the connections to start them on their path together toward a new normal . We will work toward building our new facility and helping more veterans and hiring veterans . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Cortani : Conventional treatment is only part of the solution ; we need to think outside the box and look at other treatments and tools that can help improve the quality of life for our veterans and others with disabilities . A dog that is highly trained to do specific tasks for an individual is one of those tools . The veterans still need the medical  treatment  , but medical can not address the spirit-soul . Therapy is n't there 24/7 -- a dog is . Combine what works , and maybe we can improve their quality of life . Service dogs work . Just ask any veteran who used to isolate  himself  , get in fights , lost his family , had no hope for the future , thought about suicide -- they will tell you . We can make a difference , and we owe them a chance to enjoy life again . ... Being a veteran myself , I understand loss of purpose , the mission . Training their own service dog gives them that and more . It gives them a shot at a quality life again . Read the full story on CNN Hero Mary Cortani : Man 's best friend helping war veterans heal More Q&A s from top 10 Heroes : ' A ray of hope ' where girls did n't count A voice for America 's caregiving kids After losing daughter , dad vows to change culture Seeking justice for Haiti 's rape victims $ 50K to help ` Kliptown kids ' rise up Changing reality for impoverished teen moms	Mary Cortani was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 Her group helps war veterans train their own service dogs in northern California These veterans are dealing with invisible wounds such as PTSD and depression Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year ? Cast your vote now !
CNN  -- The group of wealthy businessmen planning to buy English Premier League champions Manchester United has ruled out making a bid until the end of the season . The "  Red Knights " consortium signaled their intention to buy out the American Glazer family on March 2 and have been recruiting new investors and working on a proposal . In a press statement , however , they announced that they would not be making an offer until at least June to avoid providing a distraction from the club 's pursuit of the Premier League and Champions League trophies "  In the next few weeks we will continue to work on our proposal , " the statement said . "  We do not expect this to be finalized before the end of the current football season . "  This will have the advantage of minimizing external distractions as the team enters the decisive period of the season . " The battle for Manchester United explained Earlier this month , the Red Knights hired Japanese investment bank Nomura to help formulate their $ 1 billion move for the club . The group has been working closely with Manchester United Supporters ' Trust  MUST  to help generate backing from the club 's international network of fans . "  We have been speaking to and meeting many potential Red Knights who have contracted us since our interest was made public , " the statement added . "  These potential Red Knights have offered ideas and support and with the help of this input , our plans have been developed further . " The Glazers have been criticized for the levels of debt at the current English champions , with the latest accounts showing that United are more than $ 1 billion in the red . The owners recently launched a bond issue to raise $ 750 million to reduce the debt . They also own NFL side Tampa Bay Buccaneers . United fans have shown their support for the bid with protests against the Glazer family at recent matches . The green and gold scarves that have become a symbol of their disquiet now dominate the stands at Old Trafford , while banners declaring "  Love United Hate Glazer " are commonplace . Former United midfielder David Beckham gave the bid a lift when he donned one of the scarves as he left the field after AC Milan 's March 10 Champions League defeat at Old Trafford .	Red Knights rule out Manchester United takeover bid until end of football season . Investment group say they do not want to provide a distraction from the club 's on-field pursuits . Red Knights will continue speaking to potential investors and working on their proposal .
CNN  -- The studio behind the female buddy flick "  The Heat " is probably hoping the movie will be huge . But there is some controversy overseas about something connected to the film that does n't appear to be as big . The Daily Mail reports that promotional posters for the film , which stars Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy , appear to have been altered to slim McCarthy 's face . The story notes that the U.S. version of the poster also sports McCarthy with a digitally slimmer face . The poster shows McCarthy in character as a police detective and her face appears less round . McCarthy 's neck in the poster also appears slimmer than in real life . Representatives for the film declined to comment to CNN on speculation that Melissa McCarthy 's face and neck appear to have been Photoshopped . British site The Shiznit put up a representation of what the poster would look like using an unaltered photo of McCarthy . "  This is one of the worst Photoshop jobs I have ever seen , but it 's not just offensively bad craftsmanship -- the intention behind it is downright nasty , " the site 's editor , Ali Gray , wrote . It 's not the first time the plus-sized actress -- who has found fame as a co-star in the hit film "  Bridesmaids " and the CBS television show "  Mike & Molly " -- has been at the center of controversy regarding her weight . In 2010 , Marie Claire writer Maura Kelly faced a firestorm of criticism when she wrote a piece titled "  Should ` Fatties ' Get A Room ?  Even on TV ?  " in which she wrote "  I think I 'd be grossed out if I had to watch two characters with rolls and rolls of fat kissing each other ... because I 'd be grossed out if I had to watch them doing anything . " Kelly 's piece , which was inspired by a CNN article "  Weight is a big deal for TV , movie characters , " led to thousands of complaints from Marie Claire website readers . Kelly later apologized . Last year New York Observer film critic Rex Reed referred to McCarthy as a "  female hippo " while panning her film "  Identity Thief , " which co-starred Jason Bateman . Reed later defended his remarks and said the controversy helped the film sell more tickets on its opening weekend . "  I have too many friends that have died of obesity-related illnesses , heart problems and diabetes . ... I have helped people try to lose weight , and I do n't find this to be the subject of a lot of humor , " Reed told WOR-AM radio in New York . In 2011 the actress responded to comments about her weight . "  Do I sometimes hope I wake up in the morning and people are like , ` What 's wrong with her ? She looks emaciated . ' Of course I would love that , " McCarthy said . "  I 'm such a clothes whore I would love the opportunity to be a hanger . But I think I 'm more confident than I 've ever felt in my life . I always thought it was worth the fight . Now I know it is . " "  The Heat " will be released in the United States on June 28 .	Promotional posters from McCarthy 's ` The Heat ' look different The actress ' image appears to have been altered to make her thinner Reps for the film have declined to comment
CNN  -- There 's been plenty of talk about the gender pay gap in recent days after speculation that recently fired New York Times executive editor Jill Abramson was let go after speaking up about possible pay disparity between her and the previous executive editor , Bill Keller . In response to that talk , the New York Times publisher , in a lengthy statement over the weekend , said Abramson 's total "  pay package , " which included stock and other compensation in addition to salary , was "  comparable " to Keller 's and was , in fact , more than 10 % higher during Abramson 's last year , and that her removal was due to her management of the newsroom , nothing else . Until we hear Abramson 's side of the story , it remains unclear what role , if any , an alleged pay gap played in her fate . What is clear is how outraged women were hearing that the Times ' first woman executive editor could be making less than the last male executive editor . It was another reminder , to many women , that the income gap is alive and well . But if one city gets its way , that disparity between what men and women earn will become a thing of the past . Boston has pledged to become the first city in the country to eliminate the gender pay gap . It 's certainly a lofty goal : How on Earth will Beantown make it happen ? OPINION : Do n't believe the hype : In real world , women still make less than men On Monday , at a White House regional conference on working families in Boston , administration officials along with members of the Massachusetts congressional delegation , including Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren , joined business leaders and academics , to tout the city 's ambitious plan and what it will take to succeed . The event is one of several this spring leading up to a summit with President Obama at the end of June at the White House . "  What 's really significant is that Boston recognizes that this is n't just an issue of fairness and is n't just an issue of equity as a moral value , " said Betsey Stevenson , a member of the president 's Council of Economic Advisers , in an interview . "  This is about competitiveness and having a competitive advantage . " Women make up about half the labor force but will soon represent more than half of the highly educated labor force , said Stevenson , who will be speaking at the Boston conference . "  That 's why it becomes an issue of competitiveness . The amount of talent that is in that other half that you 're ignoring is relevant and when you have a lot of the talent in that other half , ignoring it is going to become even more costly over time , " said Stevenson , who is currently on leave from her position as associate professor of public policy and economics at the University of Michigan . Making Boston the ` premier city for working women ' Last year , then Boston Mayor Thomas Menino pledged to make Boston the "  premier city for working women . " He created a Women 's Workforce Council , made up of leaders in academia and the public and private sectors . Victoria A. Budson , executive director of the Women and Public Policy Program at Harvard Kennedy School , is a member of the council . "  When you make a city good for women , you raise the economic profile of that city . You are going to retain talent , " said Budson . Women outnumber men in Boston at 52 % of the population , according to a report by the Women 's Workforce Council . The city also has the largest proportion of young women between the ages of 20 and 34 of any major city , and has a higher percentage of college educated women than any other metro area . And yet , the city has a significant pay gap , although it 's lower than the national average . In 2011 , working female residents of Boston earned 83 % of what male residents in Boston earned , according to the report . Nationwide , women earn 77 cents for every dollar men make . Boston is asking companies to voluntarily sign a compact committing to take steps to reduce the wage gap . About 50 companies , including some of the city 's biggest employers such as Raytheon and State Street , have signed it . The council 's report includes 33 different "  interventions " companies can take to close the wage gap , from evaluating why mothers and non-mothers leave their businesses to standardizing compensation including bonuses to actively recruiting women to executive level and board positions . "  We 've made it easy , " said Budson , who was recognized in our recent CNN 10 : Visionary Women special coverage for her work trying to eliminate the income disparity between men and women . "  We 're not saying : ` Go make it equal -- figure it out . ' We 're saying : ` Here 's a plan and a set of strategic goals . Pick some . Help your businesses grow . ' " The approach , she hopes , can serve as a model for cities around the country and the world . Just last month , Budson traveled to Paris to present what Boston is doing to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development . "  Rather than a regulation , " said Budson , it 's a "  nudge . " What happens when women negotiate For many women , taking steps themselves to close their own personal income gap makes them incredibly uncomfortable . According to an iVillage.com survey last year of 1,500 women , only 35 % said they ever asked for a raise . That 's even more significant based on the finding that of those who were unhappy at work , 63 % said the number one reason was because they felt they were underpaid . There is a reason our discomfort is not unwarranted . According to Budson , the research shows that when women are given an offer and negotiate that offer , or when they are paid a certain amount and they want to negotiate their salary , people tend to want to work with them less . "  Women are expected to be relational and when they say , ' I think my value is X , ' people might say , ` Hmmm , why are they asking ? I do n't feel so comfortable with that , ' and it usually causes social backlash , " said Budson . Whether or not Abramson faced some backlash for confronting her superiors over her compensation and whether that contributed in even the slightest way to her firing , we 'll probably never know but , said Budson , it "  fits the pattern . " Read about Abramson 's commencement address Monday Jena Abernathy , a senior partner at the executive search firm , Witt/Kieffer , said there is a double standard when it comes to how men and women sit down and discussion compensation . She said the best advice for women is to keep track of their successes and then find the right way to make their case . "  Being able to sit down at the right time , at the right moment , to say ... ` How can we close this gap ? What do we need to do ? ' "  You need to do it in a way that 's not threatening , " said Abernathy . "  There is an art to this . " OPINION : Was Jill Abramson fired because she is a woman ? What do you think it will take to eliminate the gender pay gap ? Chime in in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Boston has pledged to become the first city to eliminate the gender pay gap At White House regional summit in Boston Monday , the city will tout plans So far , some 50 companies in Boston have signed a compact , committing to close the gap
Atlanta  CNN  -- Justin Ross Harris apparently called himself RJ on a social media personal networking site through which he met a woman that police say he was messaging on the day his son was dying in a hot SUV outside his office building . On a profile on the Skout website , "  RJ " posted three profile photos , all of which appear to be Harris . The Georgia father has been charged with murder and child cruelty in the death of his 22-month-old son , Cooper . The Skout user says he is a married man from Smyrna , Georgia , a suburb of Atlanta . It lists his age as 27 . Harris , who is 33 , lives in nearby Marietta . "  Just looking to talk . Message me , I 'm harmless , " the profile creator wrote . The profile was last updated five months ago . There is a post on the page from a year ago , but it is was not possible to determine how long the profile had been up or to say with certainty that Harris had created the profile . A message left with Ross Harris ' attorney , H. Maddox Kilgore , was not immediately returned Tuesday night . Police say Harris left son Cooper strapped into a car seat in his SUV for seven hours while he went to work on June 18 . Records show that the mercury topped 92 that day , and police say the temperature was 88 degrees when the boy was pronounced dead in a parking lot not far from his father 's workplace . Kilgore said at a hearing last week that his client forgot Cooper was in the car . Harris has pleaded not guilty to the charges . Who is Justin Ross Harris ? Death highlights key role of digital evidence Harris messaged six women , one of whom was underage , and exchanged explicit texts from work while Cooper Harris was dying , Cobb County Police Detective Phil Stoddard testified at a probable cause hearing last week . Harris allegedly sent explicit photos , including one of an erect penis , to an underage female . Stoddard said Harris was using a messaging service called Kik and one of the women had told him she met Harris on Skout . Kilgore repeatedly objected to the testimony being used at the hearing . But the judge allowed the testimony . Cobb County Chief Magistrate Frank Cox found probable cause to move forward on murder and child cruelty charges . "  For him to enter the car ... when the child had been dead and rigor mortis had set in , and the testimony is the stench in the car was overwhelming at that point in time , that he -- in spite of that -- got in the car and drove it for some distance before he took any action to check on the welfare of his child , I find there is probable cause for the two charges contained in the warrant , " Cox told a packed courtroom . Harris remains in jail . His wife , Leanna Harris , visited Tuesday , according to WXIA , an Atlanta TV station and CNN affiliate . It is unclear whether she was able to see her husband . A series of documents released Monday revealed more details of the investigation . The documents , which include applications for search warrants and eight actual search warrants in the case against Harris , seek the medical records of Harris and his late son , a DVD , a 2-gigabyte memory card , a 32GB thumb drive and an external hard drive . 5 questions about mother in toddler 's hot-car death Read the warrant  PDF CNN 's Justin Lear , Eliott C. McLaughlin , John Murgatroyd and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Profile has three pictures of a man who appears to be Justin Ross Harris ` RJ ' says he is married , ` harmless ' Harris is charged with murder in the death of his 22-month-old son He has pleaded not guilty and remains in jail after a judge denied bail
London  CNN  -- Violent extremist attacks , of the kind that claimed the life of Drummer Lee Rigby in May 2013 , do not come out of thin air . Rather they are often the end product of a radicalization process in which extremist recruiters target impressionable young people with poisonous , pernicious and , more worryingly , appealing hate narratives . Central to understanding why some young British Muslims are susceptible to Islamist - inspired hate narratives in the first place is the issue of identity . Growing up in Britain during the 1980s and 90s , as the authors of this piece did , was fraught with challenges for many from ethnic minority backgrounds . One would experience an acute sense of dual-marginalisation from a very early age , and this feeling would be exacerbated by daily experiences . On one hand it was a struggle to connect with your parents , who were raised in a very different cultural context , and on the other hand it was challenging to connect with mainstream society , from which one felt alienated and discriminated . This created a sense of rootlessness and dislocation that resulted in an identity crisis . One did not know where he or she belonged , nor which aspect of one 's multi-faceted identity to emphasise . The out of touch and decrepit nature of the local mosques only served to heighten this acute sense of alienation and confusion . British imams , having been brought in from the Asian sub-continent , rarely spoke English and had very little understanding of the challenges facing young Muslims growing up in Britain . Furthermore , most mosques were tightly controlled by a group of elderly men , who ruled with an iron fist and kept women and young people on the fringes . In this troubling and delicate context a number of Islamist organizations emerged and began to offer a radical alternative . Taking advantage of the identity crisis that many young Muslims were suffering from , they presented Islam as a revolutionary political doctrine and being Muslim as a political , as well as religious , identity . They also focused their efforts away from the mosques , preferring to target educational institutions , as well as other ungoverned spaces such as the internet . This was because the strand of theo-politics they sought to promote was alien to the traditional religious establishments in the UK . Their radical reformulation of Islam had certain implications . It meant one could now reject the culture of one 's parents , since they did not understand the true Islam , as well as mainstream society , since it was perceived as being opposed to Muslim interests . Local and international grievances were weaved together and construed through a very specific narrative in which the monolithically conceived West was at war with Islam and Muslims . This new identity also recalibrated one 's sense of loyalty . Since one was now a Muslim only , with other nationalist identities being rejected , one 's loyalty lay with fellow Muslims . This exclusive loyalty was also accompanied by a sense of mission and purpose . Conflict zones around the world that involved Muslims were re-construed as front lines of a global war between Islam and Western capitalism . There was no sitting on the fence in this battle . Muslim men in particular were encouraged to see themselves as warriors who had a duty to protect the lives and dignity of Muslims around the world , who were suffering as a direct result of western aggression and policies . It is this narrative , which has taken root in the UK for reasons outlined above , that inspired the killers of Lee Rigby to do what they did . In fact , Michael Adebolago articulated it very effectively during the trial , which he used as an opportunity to spout standard extremist propaganda . He described himself as a soldier , as did the ringleader of 7/7 , Muhammad Siddique Khan , and highlighted the actions of British troops in Afghanistan . However , Islamist extremists only ever present a very selective and sanitised version of their narrative to non-Muslims audiences with view to eliciting a degree of sympathy . They fail , for example , to express any outrage at attacks on Muslims by al Qaeda , nor do they dwell on their ambitions of waging a global war of conquest against non-Muslims . The fact that the killers of Lee Rigby were converts to Islam , who had adopted the narrative from charismatic street preachers , illustrates that vulnerable people from a variety of different backgrounds can be seduced by the global Islamist narrative . A sense of victimhood and alienation needs to be present , as well as a strong anti-establishment sentiment . It , therefore , comes as no surprise that those with previous gang connections who exist at the margins of society are often targets of recruiters . Perpetual political instability in the Middle East , North Africa and South Asia also continues to provide recruiters with material to exploit and construe through a dogmatic political prism . In the meantime , the outreach potential of social media allows recruiters to target a much wider audience than ever before . Without an effective response that is cognisant of the psychology of the average recruit , and approach taken by the average recruiter , the efforts of extremists will continue unabated . This response needs to brave and prepared to venture into ungoverned spaces , such as the internet . We need to take the fight to extremists by challenging and deconstructing narratives of hate and division as well as offering new models which can be used to recalibrate political thought . For counter-extremism practitioners such as us , eight years after 7/7 it still feels like our work has only just begun . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maajid Nawaz and Ghaffar Hussain .	Extremist attacks often end product of radicalization process , write Maajid Nawaz and Ghaffar Hussain Nawaz and Hussain : Growing up in Britain during 1980s and 90s was challenging for ethnic minorities A number of Islamist organizations emerged and began to offer a radical alternative , say the writers It is this narrative that inspired the killers of Lee Rigby , say Nawaz and Hussain
CNN  -- The body of a 9-year-old girl believed to have been swept into a culvert during a flash flood in west-central Mississippi was recovered Monday , an official told CNN . Yazoo County Emergency Management Director Joey Ward said the girl 's body was identified by her mother . The girl 's death came as rain pounded parts of the U.S. Southeast -- storms that flooded areas in Mississippi overnight and threatened more of the same in parts of Alabama , Georgia and Florida on Monday . The girl 's mother reported that floodwater had pulled the girl into a channel under a road around 8 p.m. CT Sunday in Yazoo City , which received 4 to 5 inches of rain in a short period , Ward said . Rescuers searched the area and several other rain-swollen drainage ditches , CNN affiliate WJTV reported . A 20-person search-and-rescue team from central Mississippi assisted . Elsewhere , a woman 's body was recovered Monday in Georgia after her car was swept away in a rain-swollen creek in Gwinnett County , Lt. Colin Rhoden of the Gwinnett County Fire Department told CNN . Her identity has not been released . Flash flood watches or warnings were in effect Monday morning for parts of southeastern Mississippi , much of Alabama , a large portion of Georgia and the northwestern Florida panhandle . In North Carolina , a tornado touched down in the eastern part of the state , Chief Fred Clingenpeel of the Belhaven Police Department told CNN . He said the tornado struck a very rural area between the towns of Belhaven and Pantego , North Carolina . There were no reports of any deaths . There are possible injuries , but nothing severe at this time , Clingenpeel said . He added that houses were damaged and trees snapped when the tornado hit around 4:30 p.m. ET on Monday . Another tornado touched down in Covington County in south-central Mississippi around 2 a.m. Monday , the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency said . Seven people had minor injuries , and more than 60 homes were damaged as a result of the storm in that county , the agency said . Throughout the state , the agency said it had received reports of damage to more than 70 homes . The Mississippi Emergency Management Agency warned that forecasters are saying strong storms are possible again Tuesday , with the main threats being hail , heavy rain and winds of up to 50 mph . CNN 's Suzanne Presto , Kevin Conlon and John Branch contributed to this report .	NEW : The body of the 9-year-old girl has been recovered , an official says A woman dies after her car is swept away in Georgia More than 70 homes are damaged and seven people injured in Mississippi Rain pounds U.S. Southeast ; flash flood warnings and watches issued
CNN  -- A former Alabama judge is standing trial on charges he checked male inmates out of jail and forced them to engage in sexual activity such as paddling in exchange for leniency . Former Mobile County Circuit Judge Herman Thomas denies all the charges , his attorney says . Former Mobile County Circuit Judge Herman Thomas at one point faced more than 100 criminal counts in the case , including kidnapping , sexual abuse , extortion and sodomy . Prosecutors filed cases relating to 15 alleged victims , with multiple counts in each case . But four of those cases have been dismissed -- some thrown out by a judge because the statute of limitations expired and others because prosecutors decided not to present evidence relating to them -- leaving 11 alleged victims and 51 counts , according to defense attorney Robert Clark and CNN affiliate WKRG-TV . Retired Marengo County Judge Claud Neilson dismissed jurors Tuesday while attorneys argued whether the jury should be allowed to consider kidnapping , extortion or assault charges , WKRG reported . Neilson already has ruled there is enough evidence for jurors to consider the sex abuse charges . Thomas , 48 , has pleaded not guilty and has denied any wrongdoing . Clark told CNN on Tuesday that Thomas was trying to mentor the inmates and did not assault them . "  The whole thing is , he tried to help people in this community , " Clark said . "  He helped thousands to grow up and be productive citizens . " The judge does not deny bringing the inmates into his office , Clark said . "  He was mentoring them . He was trying to get them to do right , to be productive citizens . " One of the alleged victims testified Monday that he does n't know why his semen was found on the carpet of a small room used as an office by Thomas , according to The Mobile Press-Register newspaper . But he did say Thomas spanked him with a belt on several occasions , the newspaper reported , and that the paddlings took place inside a jury room , in the small office and at a Mobile fraternity house . Another man testified that after he was charged with kidnapping and robbery in 2002 , Thomas visited him in jail and urged the man to let Thomas decide the case instead of a jury , according to the Press-Register . Thomas convicted him of lesser charges , he testified , and sentenced him to a 90-day boot camp . He said Thomas also beat him with a belt on his bare buttocks about a dozen times at the courthouse , the newspaper reported . Neither man was identified . "  All of them -LSB- the alleged victims -RSB- were given preferential treatment at some point , " Nicki Patterson , chief assistant district attorney for Mobile County , told CNN earlier this month . "  And ultimately , when some of them refused to continue participating -LSB- in the activities -RSB- , they were given what I would view as excessive sentences . But certainly while the inmates were involved with the activities we allege , the state would say , it was extremely lenient sentences . " However , "  two of the individuals said he -LSB- Thomas -RSB- did nothing bad to them , " Clark said Tuesday . "  That he did n't paddle them . That he only helped them . ... I mean , the last guy that testified was a murderer . And he 's complaining he got assaulted . ' I got assaulted , ' -- yeah , right . " Asked whether Thomas admits paddling the men , Clark said , "  I did n't say either way . ... I 'm saying there ai n't no sexual innuendoes . " Neilson has heard arguments on whether an expert should be allowed to testify about sexual fetishes for the prosecution . Clark said the expert has not interviewed any of the alleged victims and that he fails to see how the testimony fits into the case . Neilson was brought in to hear the case after all the Mobile County Circuit judges recused themselves -- standard procedure in a case involving another judge . Thomas resigned from the bench in October 2007 before he was scheduled to stand trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary on multiple ethics violations charges . The complaint , dismissed after the resignation , accused him of "  extrajudiciary personal contact " with some defendants but does not refer to any sexual contact . In April , Thomas told WKRG the allegations against him are false , but the most important thing for him was making sure his wife and two daughters were taken care of . "  I 'm not guilty , and I look forward to being a part of the community that 's supported me and I 've supported my entire life , " he said . The Alabama State Bar suspended Thomas ' law license in January after a grand jury handed up the first of two indictments against him . In April , the bar 's disciplinary commission upheld the suspension , WKRG reported , despite the fact that Thomas under oath denied all the allegations in the first indictment . The second indictment was returned in August . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Defense lawyer : Ex-Alabama judge was mentoring inmates , not seeking sex Ex-Judge Herman Thomas accused of paddling inmates in exchange for leniency Eleven alleged victims and 51 counts involved after some cases dismissed Thomas has denied allegations
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A suicide bombing at an Iraqi military base north of Baghdad killed at least 10 people and wounded 25 others Monday , police said . Most of the dead and wounded were Iraqi soldiers , according to Baquba police , who said the truck bomber ran into a barracks . Police combed through the rubble of the building looking for victims . The attack took place in the town of Kanan about 10 kilometers  6 miles  south of Baquba in Diyala province , which is ethnically mixed . The province used to be an al Qaeda stronghold , especially during the peak of sectarian violence in the country between 2005 and 2007 . On Monday afternoon , a string of roadside bombings targeted Baghdad communities . One civilian was killed and two others were wounded in western Baghdad 's al-Amriya neighborhood after a roadside bomb blast , police said . Eight other people were wounded earlier Monday when three roadside bombs exploded in Baghdad neighborhoods , the interior ministry said .	New : A roadside bomb kills one and wounds two in western Baghdad A suicide truck bomber hit a barracks for Iraqi soldiers Eight other people were wounded Monday in roadside bombs The suicide attack takes place in the Diyala province town of Kanan A truck packed with explosives is used in the attack
Lexington , Missouri  CNN  -- Police arrested a sixth member of a Missouri family under investigation for allegations of child sexual abuse , police said . Darrel Mohler has been charged with two counts of rape , Lafayette County Sheriff Kerrick Alumbaugh said at a news conference . Missouri police did not have Mohler in custody earlier . On the request of Missouri officials , Marion County authorities went to Mohler 's home in Silver Springs , Florida , and caught him just before he pulled into the driveway , according to a news release from the Marion County Sheriff 's Office . He was subsequently arrested . Mohler told police he "  was aware of what was going on in Missouri , " and that he had not been there since the 1980s , according to the sheriff 's office . Five members of the Mohler family of Lafayette County , Missouri , were arrested earlier this week after six alleged victims , who are relatives of the five suspects , made accusations of sexual abuse . A sixth person , described as an "  associate " of the family , was arrested Thursday but released Friday , police said . The six alleged victims -- all now adults -- came to law enforcement authorities with stories of sexual performances , mock weddings , rape with various objects and a forced abortion during their childhoods , according to court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KSHB in Kansas City . CNN does not identify alleged sexual assault victims . Police did not have enough to charge Darrel Mohler earlier , but after examining the victims ' statements , obtained enough information to charge him , Alumbaugh said . He added that he does not think Darrel is on the run . Darrel Mohler , 72 , is the younger brother of Burrell Edward Mohler Sr. , 77 , according to KSHB . On Tuesday , authorities arrested Mohler Sr. and his sons Burrell Edward Mohler Jr. , 53 ; David A. Mohler , 52 ; Jared Leroy Mohler , 48 ; and Roland Neil Mohler , 47 . More charges against the family members are expected next week , the sheriff said . Current charges for some of the arrested include rape , deviate sexual assault and use -LSB- of -RSB- child in sexual performance , according to Missouri State Courts online case management system . Alumbaugh said that Larry Kidd , 55 , of Kansas City , Missouri -- an "  associate " of the Mohler family -- was picked up by police following a tip , cooperated with police and has been released . The alleged abuse took place from the mid-1980s until 1995 and possibly beyond , the sheriff said earlier . The documents provide graphic details of the alleged abuse provided by one of the alleged victims . All of the charges stem from those documents , Alumbaugh said . Mohler Sr. , David Mohler and Jared Mohler are all lay ministers in the Community of Christ , the Independence , Missouri-based organization said in a statement . Lay ministers are volunteers who do not receive compensation , said the organization , and none of the three served in leadership roles or worked with children . Mohler Sr. went through the group 's registered youth worker program , but "  his youth worker registration has been terminated and we understand he had no contact with children or youth in church programs , " the statement said . Some lay ministers might help take care of the church , while others might speak at services , said the organization 's spokeswoman , Linda Booth . The Community of Christ is an offshoot of the modern-day Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . It split off from the Mormon church in the 1800s , and in 2000 changed its name to Community of Christ from the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . Investigators earlier this week searched several properties for evidence , but there were no plans to continue the searches , Alumbaugh said Friday . He declined to comment on any evidence found . CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	NEW : Darrel Mohler , another relative , charged with two counts of rape Friday Five relatives were arrested Tuesday after six people accused them of abuse More alleged victims have come forward since initial arrests , police say Allegations date from the mid-1980s through at least the mid - '90s , the sheriff said
For the 160-plus inmates at the U.S. prison camp here , each sunrise brings a new day that most would rather starve than endure . For the American troops who guard them , each day brings a daily rain of obscenities and filth -- sometimes physical as well as verbal . More than a decade after the first inmates arrived at the U.S. base where prisoners from the U.S. war on terror are being held , Guantanamo Bay is a facility in crisis . From the 700-plus detainees it once held , only 166 remain . Of those , more than half have been approved for transfers out , but languish as the Obama administration and Congress battle over whether to shut down the facility . A handful are facing trial before military commissions , a process that has been criticized as both inefficient and unfair . "  The commissions are a joke , " inmate Muhammad Rahim al-Afghani wrote to his lawyer in March . "  If you lose you go to prison for life . If you win , you 're held indefinately  sic  for life . " Al-Afghani has been held in Guantanamo since 2008 , transferred there after being held by the CIA . The Pentagon said he was one of al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden 's "  most trusted facilitators and procurement specialists . " More than half are on hunger strikes . Some will take liquid nutritional supplements , but about 30 are being force-fed -- a practice condemned by human rights groups and the American Medical Association . The military has brought in additional medical staff to manage the protest . Opinion : Stop force feeding inmates Most of the inmates have been moved to two blocks , dubbed Camp V and Camp VI . For the most part , they look like a typical civilian prison , with two tiers of cells that face out onto a room full of metal tables . The air conditioning delivers a chilly blast when walking in from the muggy tropical air outside . The detainees used to be allowed to live communally , but that ended after a raid turned up homemade weapons . Now they 're held in individual cells with heavy steel doors . They 're allowed to watch movies and even some news programs in recliners in media rooms -- with their feet shackled to the floor . They 're guarded by Americans , some of them not yet old enough to drink , who face a daily torrent of abuse . "  They use extremely vulgar language towards females , and I 've had a lot of experience with that , unfortunately , " said one young woman who serves as a guard there . "  Especially Caucasian females -- they do not like us at all . " The military would not allow her to be identified , and even her nametag displayed only a number . But she says she 's 21 and has already served a tour as a guard at the military prison at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas . In Guantanamo , the prisoners call her a bitch . A whore . A slut . But worse than the name-calling is what the guards call "  splashing " -- flinging urine or feces on the guards . It happens to someone "  every single day " for the last month and a half , she said . "  They 'll say things like , ` I 'll piss all over your face , ' " she said . "  They 'll say , Oh , you 've had shit thrown on you , been disrespected , ' or ` Nobody wants you , you 're trash now . ' " The cell doors have what are called "  splash boxes " through which food is passed . They 're designed to minimize contact with inmates and reduce splashing , but they do n't eliminate it . The walls and floors are quickly scrubbed down , but bits of feces are still visible stuck to the foam ceiling tiles in the units . The young guard said those "  splashed " -- and she 's been among them -- are sent to the camp hospital , notified of any diseases their assailant may carry , have their blood tested -- "  and then you go right back to work . " The prison camp opened in 2002 . President Barack Obama came into office vowing to close the prison camp , and told reporters in April that he still wants to shut it down . Opinion : Terror threat from Gitmo prisoners is exaggerated "  I think it is critical for us to understand that Guantanamo is not necessary to keep America safe , " he told reporters in a White House news conference . "  It is expensive . It is inefficient . It hurts us , in terms of our international standing . It lessens cooperation with our allies on counterterrorism efforts . It is a recruitment tool for extremists . It needs to be closed . " But Congress has forbidden the administration from moving the detainees to prisons stateside . The administration halted transfers of 56 inmates from Yemen in 2010 because of what Obama called the "  unsettled situation " in that country , an al Qaeda hotbed . A handful of the detainees have faced trial before military commissions . Cases are pending against a number of others , including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the self-professed organizer of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . But they 're progressing at a glacial pace , while some low-ranking inmates who pleaded guilty have been returned to their home countries . "  It 's a bizarre , perverted system of justice where being convicted of a war crime is your ticket home , " former Air Force Col. Morris Davis , once the chief prosecutor at Guantanamo Bay , told CNN 's "  Amanpour " program Tuesday . "  And if you 're never charged , much less convicted , you spend the rest of your life sitting at Guantanamo . " Davis quit his post in 2007 , declaring that the prosecutions of several suspected terrorists had become "  deeply politicized . " The frozen status of the detainees has fueled the hunger strikes , which grew from about a half-dozen inmates at first to more than 100 now . "  This is kind of the only option they have left , to say , ` Hey , we 're still here . We are still your problem . Are you just gon na let us rot in here until the end of time ? ' " said Cori Crider , a lawyer who represents several detainees . About 30 of them refuse to take even liquid nutritional drinks and have to be fed through tubes shoved down their noses . The American Medical Association has criticized the practice , calling it a violation of the profession 's core ethics . "  Every competent patient has the right to refuse medical intervention , including life-sustaining interventions , " AMA President Jeremy Lazarus wrote in an April letter to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel . The Pentagon says the feeding program is lawful and humane . But Capt. Robert Durand , a spokesman for the detention facility , acknowledges that the options for the administrators are dwindling . "  If anybody 's had a can of Ensure or Muscle Milk , it says right on it it 's not designed to be a long-term , sole source of nutrition , " Durand said . "  So there are long-term consequences of getting all your meals through a liquid supplement . "	More than half the 166 detainees are on hunger strikes Inmates routinely taunt and splash guards with urine and feces Obama says he still wants to close the facility
Hong Kong  CNN  Detentions , the kidnapping of bishops , tearing down churches -- these are the actions against Christians China has been guilty of . Even the pope has not been welcome in Chinese airspace in the last few decades . So when Pope Francis was given permission to fly over China on Thursday on his way to South Korea , many saw it as a sign of hope for religious freedom -- especially Catholicism -- in China . The state-run Global Times calls it a sign of "  possible détente . " But even as the central government and the pontiff seem to be getting along better , reports have emerged that Chinese Catholics have been barred from visiting South Korea to see the pontiff . Around half of more than 100 students who had planned to travel from China to South Korea to attend the Asian Youth Day event and catch a glimpse of the Pope have not made it . Heo Young-yeop , spokesman for the Committee for the Papal Visit to Korea , told the media that it was due to "  a complicated situation inside China . " This apparent U-turn in attitude towards the papacy , within a matter of days , has Vatican-watchers confused , hinting at an increasingly opaque Chinese government that is struggling to manage its religious groups . "  There 's a pattern of pendular movement in the Chinese government 's stance towards religion , of being repressive and then of being accommodating , " says Lionel Jensen , Associate Professor of East Asian Languages and Cultures , at the University of Notre Dame . "  I do n't believe that the Vatican and the Communist Party will come to any agreement in the manner that some might hope , " he said , adding that he has heard from a source , which he does not wish to name for security reasons , that the students who did not make it to the event in Korea are currently unaccounted for . CNN is not able to independently confirm this . Woes of worship The Vatican and Beijing have had no formal relations since the Communist Party came into power in 1949 . Officially an atheist country , China does not recognize the authority of the Vatican over its millions of Catholics . Instead , it has set up its own Catholic governing body , known as the Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association that answers to the Party . This association is similar to other state organizations that manage followers of major faiths , including the Three-Self Patriotic Movement for Protestants and the Chinese Patriotic Islamic Association . But there are other religious groups in China that have not been sanctioned by the state and that worship underground . Jin Tianming is a priest and member of Beijing Shouwang Church , an underground Protestant community . His group of worshipers has had trouble finding a permanent location to hold church gatherings , frequently suffering harassment from police , with members of the church arrested or detained on occasion . "  We put our beliefs above society . I do n't think the two are compatible in any way , " says Jin . Religious bloom The existence of unregistered religious groups makes it difficult to calculate the number of Christians in China . A Pew Research Center study from 2011 estimates the number of Christians inside China at 67 million , about 5 % of the country 's total population at the time , amongst which around 10 million are Catholics . This is compared to 10 million Christians in total in 1996 . According to researchers , the numbers are rising quickly . Professor Fenggang Yang , director of the Center on Religion and Chinese Society at Purdue University , has predicted that China will be home to the largest Christian population by 2030 . The rapidly growing popularity of religion may be seen as a threat to the Communist Party 's authority . "  The matter of religion in China -- especially the issue of Islam and Christianity , including Catholicism and Protestantism -- these are the fault lines in the future development of the country , " says Jensen . "  I think that the Chinese government does n't know how to go about assessing the strain along those lines . " In the past few months , crucifixes , and even entire churches , have been torn down in China under the premise of building code violations . The Christian community has reacted in large numbers , with thousands showing up to protest the demolitions . Sino-Christianity In the latest move by the central authorities to control the spread of Christianity , the governing body for religious affairs has said that it will develop "  Chinese Christian theology . " "  The construction of Chinese Christian theology should adapt to China 's national condition and integrate with Chinese culture , " said Wang Zuoan , director of the State Administration for Religious Affairs . The announcement was made at a seminar on the Sinicization of Christianity in Shanghai last week . An official five-year campaign has been ongoing since 2013 to promote "  positive and correct theological thinking " and provide guidance to official registered church groups . Just how will a Chinese-style Christian theology look like ? "  It will attempt to tie together values of socialist culture and the practice of faith . The criteria will probably be vague , they will leave it open so authorities can determine who is violating the rules or not , " says Jensen . He predicts that it will likely echo what one hears within the larger context of the Chinese education system in general , stressing social harmony and social stability . He points out that a Chinese theology is "  startling " because it suggests that the long standing framework of constraints of religious practice may not be working out anymore . "  It is an effort to gain an upper hand within the wilderness of immense Christian expansion . " CNN 's Dayu Zhang in Beijing contributed to this report	Christianity , including Catholicism , Protestantism , growing fast in China Rise of religion threatens the rule of the Communist Party Chinese students barred from attending the Asia Youth Day in Korea Chinese-style Christian theology proposed by officials
CNN  -- The US has slapped sanctions on three firms including a major Chinese oil trader for selling refined oil products to Iran , just days after US Treasury secretary Tim Geithner travelled to Beijing to press for Chinese support on Iran sanctions . The US State Department announced late Thursday night that penalties would be imposed on China 's Zhuhai Zhenrong , the Singapore-based oil trader Kuo oil , and the UAE-based independent oil trader FAL . While the measures are unlikely to have a big immediate impact on these three companies , they send a strong warning signal to energy companies working in Iran at a time when the US has been canvassing Asian countries for more support in isolating Tehran . The US State Department called the sanctions against the three firms an "  important " step in convincing Iran to change its behaviour , and highlighted the "  potential connection between Iran 's revenues derived from its energy sector and the funding of its proliferation -LSB- of -RSB- sensitive nuclear activities . " A spokesperson for Zhuhai Zhenrong said the company had not sold gasoline to Iran . "  We 've never exported a barrel , not even a wee bit of refined fuel to Iran , " said Zheng Mei , director of the public affairs department . According to the statement , the three firms violated US restrictions on supplying Iran with refined oil products that were passed in 2010 . "  Under the sanctions imposed today , all three companies are barred from receiving US export licenses , US Export Import Bank financing , and loans over $ 10m from US financial institutions , " the US State Department said . Importing refined oil products like petrol and diesel is crucial for Iran 's economy because the country does n't have sufficient refining infrastructure to process enough of its own crude into products . China is the biggest buyer of Iran 's crude oil and , according to the US State Department , is also a significant source of gasoline for Iran , but Chinese companies have until now avoided sanctions from the US . China supported the most recent United Nations sanctions resolution on Iran in 2010 , and some analysts believe that in exchange for that support the US may have turned a blind eye to Chinese companies which may have violated US laws . Last year the US placed sanctions on seven companies for selling refined oil products to Iran , but none of those were Chinese . Zhuhai Zhenrong is a state-owned oil trader based in Southern China . The company has a special mandate from the State Council to do crude trades that offset military trade debt with Middle Eastern countries , according to their website . Ms Zheng , the spokesperson for Zhenrong , said the company would continue buying Iranian crude . "  Zhuhai Zhenrong 's trade with Iran is carried out under the two governments . The trade accords with international law and Chinese laws and regulations , " she said . "  What we 've signed with Iran are long-term contracts and we import around 12m tonnes of crude from Iran each year , " Ms Zheng said . "  We 've never exported gasoline to Iran . This is out of thin air ! " The US State Department said Zhuhai Zhenrong is Iran 's largest supplier of refined oil products , brokering sales of gasoline worth more than $ 500m between July 2010 and January 2011 . The sanctions are likely to have little immediate impact on Zhenrong because the company does very little , if any , business in the US . Additional reporting by Gwen Chen in Beijing	U.S. has slapped sanctions on three firms including a major Chinese oil trader US State Department said penalties would be imposed on China 's Zhuhai Zhenrong
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Efforts to form a unity government in Greece failed Monday , moving the country closer to a eurozone exit as the president called for another meeting Tuesday to seek a solution . Talks between Greek President Karolos Papoulias and the leaders of three main parties ended Monday night without a resolution , the president 's office said . Papoulias then called a meeting for Tuesday to discuss the possibility of a government run by technocrats with support from political parties , according to the leader of the socialist PASOK party , which attended Monday 's talks . "  We have no choice " but to support the idea of a technocracy , PASOK leader Evangelos Venizelos said . Papoulias had invited the leaders of the New Democracy , PASOK , Syriza and Democratic Left parties to Monday night 's meeting . Syriza was the only one not to attend ; the party 's leader , Alexis Tsipras , said he wanted to talk with all parties or with just the president , and not with a selected group . The far-left Syriza came in second in parliamentary elections on May 6 , and polling since then has suggested it would come in first if the politicians call new elections because they can not form a government . The debt-wracked country has until Thursday to either form a government or call new elections . Absent a government , Greece could run out of money to pay its debts and might crash out of the euro , the currency used by it and 16 other European Union countries . "  If no government is in place before June when the next installment  of loan money  from the European Union and International Monetary Fund is due , we estimate that Greece will run out of money sometime between the end of June and beginning of July , at which point a return to the drachma would seem inevitable , " Bank of America/Merrill Lynch wrote in a report released Friday . Syriza campaigned against the wildly unpopular government austerity measures that Greece -- under the now-ousted coalition of New Democracy and PASOK -- agreed to in exchange for loans by international lenders . The Syriza party 's goal , Tsipras said Monday , is to remain in the eurozone without those "  catastrophic " measures . But although his party rode high in opinion polls immediately after the election , survey results released Monday suggested that many voters blame Tsipras for the current political deadlock . About two in five people say he is most at fault , according to the Rass opinion poll of 1,002 people conducted by telephone on May 10-11 . About one in five people blamed all political leaders equally . About one in three people said Tsipras had taken the worst position during talks on forming a new government . The meeting called by Papoulias came a week after angry voters punished mainstream parties by backing a range of fringe groups and parties opposed to the government bailout . Seven parties won seats in parliament , but none captured more than 19 % of the vote . That led to three failed attempts to form a new government . Democratic Left leader Fotis Kouvelis held his own meeting with Papoulias late Sunday . So did Nikolaos Michaloliakos , the head of the far-right Golden Dawn party . Michaloliakos emerged from those talks saying that any new government would need a premier with the international clout to reject the bailout package the previous government had signed , calling the deal "  a crime against our country . " Venizelos said his PASOK party would do everything possible to form a national unity government , but it was ready for new elections , if necessary . The Communist party , meanwhile , called for new elections , saying it will not participate in a coalition government . The gravity of the situation was underscored Sunday by Tsipras , who told leaders , "  I am concerned that if we carry on with implementation of the bailout conditions in Greece , then Greece is at risk of facing a humanitarian crisis . " His remarks were made in a private meeting , a transcript of which was released Monday . In the meeting , Papoulias said the New Democracy party , which has supported him , had two conditions : to ensure that the country remains in the euro and to renegotiate conditions of the bailout . In a poll published Saturday by the newspaper Kathimerini , four of five voters said they would vote the same way in a new election . In a separate poll published Sunday by the newspaper Vima , seven of 10 people said they wanted the parties to form a coalition government . Syriza would come in first if new elections were held , the Vima poll suggested , after coming in second behind New Democracy a week ago with 16.8 % of the vote . But the results would still lead to a deeply divided parliament , the poll suggested , with no party getting more than 21 % of the vote . In the same poll , six of 10 voters said Syriza 's plans against austerity are not realistic . Syriza is opposed to the terms of the bailout agreed to with the European Union , European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund . The country 's lenders have said that if Greece does not comply with the bailout terms , payments will stop . The stakes are potentially huge , with concern stirring that the lack of leadership could jeopardize Greece 's bailout agreement . That could lead to a disorderly default by Greece and force the nation out of the eurozone . A default by Greece also could drag down other troubled governments such as Spain and Portugal . Any financial shock of such a magnitude could plunge the region into a deep recession , with ripples being felt across the world . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	Monday night 's talks break up without a resolution The president calls a new meeting to discuss a possible technocracy Greece has until Thursday to come up with a government or call new elections Failure to form a government puts Greece at risk of a eurozone exit
Mashable  -- Ford Motor Company Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. is confident that the auto industry is on its way to eliminating CO2 emissions . He 's less confident , however , that the world is prepared to adequately deal with an even larger problem : the global gridlock created by a population set to grow to 9 billion people by 2044 . The growth , said Ford in a talk at the TED conference in Long Beach , CA on Wednesday , will see the number of vehicles on the road go from 800 million today to 2-3 billion by 2050 . The global gridlock crisis , as Ford describes it , will "  stifle economic growth and our ability to deliver food and healthcare ... -LSB- and -RSB- our quality of life will be significantly compromised . " Mashable : TED videos : web 's best brainfood translated into 40 + languages Citing the fact that the average American spends one week per year in traffic , and that the average resident in Beijing spends 5 hours per day commuting , Ford thinks the answer to the crisis is not to build more roads , but to build a smarter transportation system that makes use of real-time data and connected cars . Ford envisions a future where all cars are connected and as he puts it , "  talk to each other , " such that you already have a parking spot at your destination when you leave your house , be automatically re-routed to avoid traffic based on data being sent in real-time by the cars in front of you , and find a cab via your smartphone . In theory , this data would also let you live a more efficient life , enabling you to leave your home such that you 'll get to your destination precisely on time . Ford thinks such a future "  will be ready for prime time really soon , " noting that tests of such systems are already under way around the world . Of course , Ford 's company has been an early mover in the connected car space , with Ford SYNC technology now on board 3 million vehicles . Ultimately though , he sees solving the global gridlock crisis as a huge opportunity for entrepreneurs of all sizes , that can both be profitable and as he puts it , "  preserve the freedom to move effortlessly around the world " that has been responsible for so much economic growth in the century since his great grandfather created the Ford Motor Company . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The global gridlock created by a population set to grow to 9 billion people by 2044 Ford envisions a future where all cars are connected The answer to the crisis is not to build more roads , but to build a smarter transportation system
OPRAH.com  -- Her name was Margaret . She had an answer for everything , even questions I did n't ask her . She dominated team meetings , nearly jumping out of her chair with "  Look at me ! " -- type comments aimed directly at the boss . There are some tactics to help you survive team destroyers . The rest of us sitting there , jaws slack with amazement and disgust -- we were merely a load she had to carry on her back . His name was Mike , and he had n't done a full day 's work in years , but he sure knew how to draw us into his life of woe . One night at 10 p.m. , I found myself finishing his report on deadline . He could n't be there , he said , because his father was sick . By that point , I was n't even sure he had a father . But there I was , alone , frustrated , and exhausted , in a state of loathing for work so intense I wished I could ditch it all . Oprah.com : The truth about saying no at work And that is exactly where a dysfunctional co-worker -- or as I call them , an "  un-teammate " -- can put you . It 's a crying shame , because working alongside a good team player is one of life 's most fulfilling experiences . She makes work enjoyable ; she makes it feel like something bigger than a paycheck . Working with team destroyers , well , destroys all that . They slow work down ; they sap its fun , trust , and creativity . And in the process , they invariably undermine the candid and energized debate that characterizes any successful group . So why are n't they all sent packing ? In good organizations , most are -- eventually . But many team destroyers are like workplace Houdinis , escaping damage to their own careers while making everyone else look bad . These are the people you must survive . But how ? The answer depends on the type of un-teammate you 're dealing with . Generally speaking , there are five : Boss Haters , Stars , Sliders , Pity Parties , and Self-Promoters . Each species has its own way of poisoning the environment and its own antidote . The first thing you can do is start with the assumption that virtually every team destroyer is an unhappy person . No one tries to damage co-workers , a team , or an entire organization without being a bit emotionally damaged themselves . Oprah.com : 6 signs you 're in the wrong job Boss haters , stars and sliders Let 's start with the boss haters -- you know the type . Harry will tell you his disdain for authority is a reasonable reaction to the tyranny of incompetent bosses . Elizabeth will tell you she refuses to be oppressed by corporate lackeys . Other Boss Haters have personal issues behind their nitpicking resistance to every directive from above . I once met a manager who told me , "  For a long time , I hated all my bosses because my father was a cruel authoritarian -- I almost ruined my own career . Thank God I came to my senses . " Such conversion experiences are rare , however . Most Boss Haters persist , using every kind of subterfuge from eye-rolling to outright belligerence , until management loses patience and ousts them . Some Boss Haters are hard to extricate because of union rules or special skills . If that 's your situation , your best approach as the peer of a Boss Hater is a freeze-out . Do n't belabor Harry 's resistance or try reasoning with Elizabeth . Simply isolate ; refuse to listen to their ongoing complaints . Once they 're cut off from the group , Boss Haters tend to lose their energy . Now for Stars . Make no mistake -- organizations could not survive without their results . Fortunately , many key players are Stars largely because they are the best kind of employee , inclusive and inspiring , but some Stars can develop into real bullies . My team at a consulting firm had to endure Chad , an articulate  and , yes , brilliant  economics major from M.I.T. whom our clients adored .  Like other people in this piece , his name has been changed .  Sensing he was untouchable , Chad would bulldoze his ideas through the team process and ridicule anyone who dared to disagree . Another group I worked with suffered through Gwen , a marketing "  guru " who 'd been stolen away from another firm to bestow her genius on us . She passively disrupted our discussions by not participating , her silence sending the message "  This nonsense is beneath me . " We did n't have much recourse . Few bosses want to hear nattering about a goose that 's laying golden eggs . Your best option in terms of self-preservation is to accept Stars for the good they do and ignore the bad . I 've seen only one other approach work , but it 's hard to recommend . This technique involves playing to a Star 's weakness -- the need for constant praise . As strange as it may seem , many Stars are deeply insecure and can not receive enough ego stroking from bosses . Co-workers can play the same game , thereby drawing a Star back into the team process . But do n't try this unless you really feel the love for your own Chad or Gwen ; a phony intervention wo n't work . Sliders are former Stars , resting on their laurels and undermining their teams with apathy . Their unspoken excuse is "  I 've proven my worth around here ; I do n't need to scramble anymore . " Take John Smith , a crusty old newsman who had won the Pulitzer Prize for his reporting in Vietnam . I met him when we were both assigned to the same investigative team 20 years ago . The young reporters , myself included , fairly trembled in John 's exalted presence , but within weeks , it became obvious to us that he had no interest in interviewing sources or late-night stakeouts . He preferred to sit around the office drinking coffee and telling war stories to his in-house fan club . Fast-forward to the end of the project : a front-page article under the byline -- you guessed it -- John Smith and the newspaper team . The editors knew John had done minimal work , but in the newspaper business , one way of keeping score is by the number of Pulitzer Prize winners on staff . My solution at the time was to moan and groan with my teammates about the injustice of it all . What a waste . Sliders will always live inside a protective bubble that no peer can pierce , because they deliver tangible value to an institution . Do n't bother griping ; instead , buck up and join the Slider 's fan club , respecting him for contributions you can only imagine making . With that mind-set , you might even be able to turn your Slider into a mentor . To this day , I remember what John Smith taught me about reporting -- when I finally dumped my pointless indignation and asked him . Oprah.com : 10 ways to love your job right now Pity parties and self-promoters Pity Parties are those un-teammates who have an excuse for every act of inaction . Their computer melted down . Their elderly aunt came to visit or , like Mike , their father is sick . The most expert Pity Parties concoct long-running sympathy stories : bad backs , bad marriages , bad childcare , and so on . I do n't want to sound harsh . Sometimes people really do need time off or special accommodations , but Pity Parties make an art form of wriggling out of responsibility , and you 're left wondering if you 're a heel for resenting them -- or a dupe for helping them . Your best strategy is to steer clear of Pity Parties and their appeals for help . You 'll need to steel yourself to say no as often as humanly possible , even if they promise you , "  This is the very last time . " The line I ended up using with Mike was "  I 'm in a bind too . Did you ask Rory for help ? "  Rory was our boss . That response did not put an immediate end to Mike 's ways ; he went looking for other enablers . Still , it sent the signal -- both to Mike and my co-workers -- that I would not cut side deals . When enough of us started saying no , he left us alone . The final form of dysfunctional coworker is the Self-Promoter , like "  Look at Me " Margaret , who saw every team assignment as an opportunity for personal advancement . In their pursuit of fame and glory , Self-Promoters occasionally sabotage peers . I once had a co-worker who used staff meetings , with the boss in attendance , to vociferously attack every other writer 's work as "  hackneyed " or , her favorite word , "  superficial . " If we pushed back against her critiques , she accused us of being competitive with her . There was no way to win . Usually , that 's the case with Self-Promoters . They can drub you with their narcissistic "  logic " -- they 're right ; you 're just defensive -- and wear you down with their egocentric career campaign . But they ca n't smite everyone forever . After a few promotions , the moment comes for every Self-Promoter when they need a favor or help , and there is no one left to ask . So keep your head down and wait . And most important , keep overdelivering , even if your local weasel tries to steal all the credit . Self-Promoters might get more praise than they deserve , but in any good organization , real team players ultimately get what they deserve : respect and admiration . If you have any doubt about that , you might ask Margaret . I stopped working with her years ago , but I recently heard that the company asked her to move on -- just when she thought she had achieved the position of vice president , the goal she 'd been gunning for . Colleagues tell me she interviewed for jobs for a year afterward , but with less than enthusiastic references , she could n't land one . She ended up going out on her own as a consultant , and I just learned she 's a tireless and admired mentor for young women in a leadership program in Boston . I do n't know what she tells them , but I can venture a guess : Do everything you can at work to be a great team player , and learn to survive  and thrive  around those who are not . By Suzy Welch from O , The Oprah Magazine © 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	There are five common dysfunctional co-workers you may encounter Types : Boss Haters , Stars , Sliders , Pity Parties , and Self-Promoters Refuse to listen to a Boss Hater ; steer clear of Pity Parties ; turn Slider into a mentor Praise will draw Star back to team but only if you can say it conviction
CNN  -- It all happened so fast . In January , less than a month after fruit vendor Mohammed Bouazizi lit himself on fire , nationwide protests in Tunisia forced out President Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali . One month later , Egypt experienced its own revolution , and unrest spread across the region to other countries such as Bahrain , Jordan , Syria and Yemen . But in the last couple of months , it seems , the rate of change has slowed . A stalemate has developed in Libya 's civil war . Government leaders are n't budging in Bahrain or Syria , and Yemen 's future is still up in the air . So what happens next ? Is more change on the way , or have we already seen the peak of what some call the "  Arab Spring " ? CNN.com reached out to five experts for opinion and analysis . More specifically , we posed the following question : How do you see the "  Arab Spring " playing out as we move toward the summer months ? Taylor : Expect regime change in Libya , Yemen Julie Taylor , a Middle East specialist who lived in Egypt for four years , is a political scientist at the RAND Corp. . It is likely that we will see at least two more regime transitions in the next six months . One is Yemen , where the ruling party has agreed to have President  Ali Abdullah  Saleh step down . It is not clear whether Saleh is on board with the deal -- if the opposition rejects the portion of the agreement that would protect Saleh and his family from prosecution , the president 's departure might be delayed . But it will still be imminent . Saleh enjoys little support both inside and outside of Yemen , and all parties are growing frustrated with his attempts to drag out the inevitable . Another is Libya , where most think any resolution that keeps  Moammar  Gadhafi in power and divides the country is untenable . Syria is harder to call . The protesters are unrelenting , but -- unlike in Yemen -- troop leaders in Syria 's armed forces are highly committed to President  Bashar  al-Assad . Their fates are tied to the maintenance of the regime because they are from the same minority Alawite sect . Al-Assad also has the ability to initiate a mass crackdown , and the regime 's primary patron , Iran , would likely support such a move . Overall , prospects for consolidated democracies look somewhat bleak . Prior to the revolutions , a network of civil society groups had developed in Egypt and Tunisia , cultivating a civic culture that promoted popular engagement and democracy . But the two countries still struggle to establish democratic systems . The countries in a possible "  second wave " of Arab revolutions have even dimmer prospects . Other than tribes , Libya essentially has no civil society , and it has a long-isolated educated class . Yemen has civil society organizations but fewer well-educated individuals or solid state institutions . And Syria , despite its comparatively well-educated population , has virtually no civil society ; removal of the regime would likely devolve into a civil conflict between Alawites and majority Sunnis . Sharqieh : ` We are seeing dictators inspiring dictators to resist ' Ibrahim Sharqieh is deputy director of the Brookings Doha Center . One major lesson that Tunisia and Egypt shared with their fellow Arabs is that dictatorships do have an end and that they can be abolished sooner than many think . Furthermore , they inspired the entire region with their success , breaking the barrier of fear and replacing it with a pragmatic optimism that change can be achieved . However , the other half of the story that remains is the question of what it takes to effect democratic change in the region . In particular , it is becoming increasingly obvious that a smooth overthrow of entrenched dictators is quite an elusive goal . The Tunisian and Egyptian paradigm of regime change in three weeks probably can not be repeated . In the coming months , a new paradigm for political transition will likely emerge in the Arab world . We should be prepared to see different means of quelling public unrest in the region . Possible new scenarios include civil wars , coups , disintegrations , sectarian tension , external intervention , internationalization and negotiated political settlements . The countries at risk -- particularly Libya , Yemen , Syria and Bahrain -- are unlikely to follow one particular path because each one of them has its own set of dynamics and domestic drivers for change . In Tunisia and Egypt , we have seen people inspiring others to revolt ; however , in the new paradigm , we are seeing dictators inspiring dictators to resist . It is true the emergence of these new dynamics is likely to make the process of political change longer and more complicated . But regardless of how long this process takes , the Arab public has learned that the time has come for aging dictators to depart -- and that the only option at this point is to move forward with the long-overdue call for freedom and justice . Khanna : Arab world has the money to solve its problems Parag Khanna , author of "  How to Run the World : Charting a Course to the Next Renaissance , " is a senior research fellow with the New America Foundation . As the "  Arab Spring " moves into summer , things are likely to remain hot . While it is anyone 's guess what will happen in Libya -- consolidation or partition are still equally viable scenarios -- tensions will surely rise in Egypt as government reforms falter and election preparations ramp up . And Bahrain might have quelled the protests in its streets , but it will have done little to address the core sectarian inequalities that are a key driver of its present instability . Importantly , the bottom-up push for accountability will continue as long as citizens , business groups and other reformers keep the pressure on for emergency laws to be repealed , parliaments to be strengthened and economic reforms to be undertaken . Particularly with respect to the economy , private creditors and outside agencies such as the International Monetary Fund can play a valuable role in forcing governments in Egypt and Syria to loosen their economic grip faster than entrenched elites would like . The role of the Gulf Cooperation Council , which includes countries such as Saudi Arabia , Qatar and the United Arab Emirates , will remain pivotal and come ever more into the spotlight . These oil-rich states have been key investors across the Arab world and play a vital role in financing the necessary structural economic modernization the region needs . Remember that the Arab world is not the third world -- it has all the money it needs to solve its own problems . The question is if it can overcome the stale Arabism of the past , which affirmed insecure nationalism , in favor of a new Arabism that champions trans-Arab interdependence . Cherif : Odds stacked against Syrian revolution Feryal Cherif is an assistant professor for the political science department at the University of California , Riverside . The events in Tunisia and Egypt offer hope that uprisings elsewhere in the Middle East and North Africa will meet with success . Perhaps most striking are the events unfolding in Syria , where few predicted mass protests against Bashar al-Assad 's regime and where the conventional wisdom suggests that past repression , ethnic-religious diversity and relative popularity would shield al-Assad . In many ways , the events in Syria draw strong parallels to Egypt . In the hopes of appeasing protesters , al-Assad offers concessions every few days -- a lifting of the niqab ban , offering citizenship to Kurds and promising to rescind emergency law . But much like  Egyptian President Hosni  Mubarak , al-Assad constantly appears to be a step behind the protesters ' demands . While the magnitude of Syrian protests is impressive , the fate of al-Assad 's regime remains an open question . Specifically , a loyal military and the legacy of limited association rights significantly diminish the prospects of a successful revolution in the country . In Egypt , protesters benefited from relatively strong NGOs  nongovernmental organizations  and experience with activism , but Syria has a more limited and restricted civil society . Data from the NGO Regulation Network reveal that there are nearly five times more civil society organizations per capita in Egypt than Syria . Except for the Hama revolt in 1982 and Kurdish demonstrations in 2004 , political protest in Syria has been minimal . All of this suggests that Syrian protesters have less local political experience and knowledge , fewer resources and smaller networks that they can tap into . These deficiencies limit protesters ' ability to pressure the regime and ensure it is held accountable for its actions . Hashemi : Revolts leave a ` powerful legacy ' Nader Hashemi teaches Middle East politics at the Josef Korbel School of International Studies at the University of Denver , and he is author of "  The People Reloaded : The Green Movement and the Struggle for Iran 's Future . " The notion of an "  Arab Spring " is a misnomer because it assumes that the Arab world is a monolith . Yes , these uprisings are motivated by common political and economic grievances rooted in decades of authoritarian rule . And , yes , the protesters aspire to common democratic objectives . But each country in the Arab world is different . Each has its own internal story and confronts different obstacles related to class and minority cleavages , the strength of the military and state institutions , and the unity and democratic orientation of the opposition forces . Moreover , the nature and character of the forms of authoritarian rule in the Arab world -- and the devastation they have wrought -- pose different challenges for democrats moving forward . There is cause for optimism even if we assume a worst-case scenario where democratic forces are crushed in Libya , Syria , Yemen and beyond . Were this to happen , these revolts would still leave behind a powerful legacy that future democratic forces can build upon , buttressed by the successful of examples of Tunisia and Egypt , where the prospects for democracy appear to be the greatest . Regardless of how many democratic transitions we witness this year , the tide of history has turned . The days are numbered for Arab authoritarian regimes , and those who argue that Islam/Arab culture is incompatible with democracy are left scrambling .	Experts weigh in on the Arab unrest and describe what they think will happen next Several are optimistic about the possibility of more regime change The exception might be Syria , where the odds seem to be stacked against protesters Even if more change is slow to come , "  the tide of history has turned , " one expert says
EW.com  -- The second season finale of PBS ' "  Downton Abbey " posted the network 's biggest audience in nearly three years . A total of 5.4 million viewers tuned into Sunday night 's two-hour closer . It was PBS ' most-watched program since the premiere of Ken Burns ' "  National Parks " in 2009 . For some perspective , PBS ' period drama delivered more first-run viewers than FX receives for successes like "  American Horror Story " and "  Justified " , or AMC gets for favorites like "  Mad Men " and "  Breaking Bad "  though not as much as "  The Walking Dead "  . Overall , the second season "  Abbey " audience was 25 % larger than the first round . The show is also delivering a much younger audience than the usual "  Masterpiece crowd " , with female viewers 18-34 up 251 % . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	5.4 million viewers tuned into the second season finale The "  Abbey " audience has grown 25 % since the first season . The show is delivering a much younger audience than the usual Masterpiece crowd
Washington  CNN  -- The wedding photo shows the happy couple poised to kiss , ready to begin an adventure that has now taken them to the U.S. Supreme Court . For Karane and Jamelle Thomas-Williams , this is a fight for recognition by the federal government of their legal same-sex union , part of a landmark constitutional appeal over same-sex marriage and "  equal protection . " Their love has united them , but the larger social issue has split the country for more than four decades . The Washington , D.C. , couple legally married last October , but not in the eyes of some of their employers or elected leaders . Karane serves her community as a Metropolitan Police officer . Jamelle serves her country in the U.S. Air Force Reserve . But since she is a federal worker , the couple can not share the 1,000-plus federal perks enjoyed by married heterosexuals : things like joint tax returns , loan programs for veterans , and survivor , pension , bankruptcy , family medical leave and health insurance benefits . Opinion : America is at a crossroads on gay rights Under the Defense of Marriage Act  DOMA  passed in 1996 , marriage is defined for federal purposes as between one man and one woman . That means the estimated 120,000 gay and lesbian couples legally married in nine states and the District of Columbia are still considered , in the eyes of DOMA opponents , the equivalent of girlfriend and boyfriend . "  As a federal employee and as an airman , you get a constant reminder that you 're second class , " Jamelle told CNN . "  I had to list Karane as my sister just so that someone would call her in the event that I 'm killed or missing in action , or I 'm hurt on the job . She ca n't be my emergency contact , she ca n't receive my remains . As far as my death benefit , I had to list her as ` other . ' " Adding to the confusion is Karane 's status as a D.C. government employee . She enjoys the benefits of her relationship with Jamelle because her local government in the nation 's capital recognizes same-sex marriage . "  But once we step outside of D.C. , it 's a whole other ballgame , " said Karane . In neighboring Virginia , which does not recognize their marriage , the couple says they are viewed as "  legal strangers . " Opinion : Gay people live in 50 Americas What is the federal government 's role in defining marriage ? The larger debate over DOMA 's intent and impact 17 years after passage has driven a wedge between the executive and legislative branches . Now that debate will be center stage before the Supreme Court , which will hear oral arguments Wednesday , with an expected ruling in late June . At issue is what role the federal government should play when it comes to marriage , something states have traditionally controlled . "  What the court is being asked to decide is whether or not Congress can pass a law that treats same-sex couples , who are already married under the laws of their state , different from opposite-sex couples , " said Amy Howe , a leading appellate attorney and editor of SCOTUSblog.com . Four federal district courts and two appeals courts have already struck down the law 's restrictive benefits provision . And in a rare move , the Obama administration also abandoned its defense of congressional authority , saying DOMA is unconstitutional . 5 turning points in gay marriage debate That has left House Republicans in the unconventional position of stepping in to argue it should stay in place , at least for now . Traditionally , the role of defending federal law would fall to the U.S. solicitor general 's office . But President Barack Obama , in an election-year stunner , said last May he now supports same-sex marriage . The president had already ordered Attorney General Eric Holder not to defend DOMA . That raised the question of whether any party could rightfully step in and defend the law . Besides the constitutional issue , the justices had specifically ordered opposing sides to argue a supplemental question : whether congressional Republicans , operating officially as the Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group of the U.S. House of Representatives , have "  standing " or legal authority to make the case . Opinion : Slowly , GOP shifting on same-sex marriage "  Let 's not confuse the issue of DOMA and the administration 's decision that it was unconstitutional , " House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , told CNN . "  It is not their role to decide what 's constitutional . DOMA was a law that was passed by the House and Senate and signed into law by President Clinton . In our system of government , the administration does n't get to decide what 's constitutional , the Supreme Court does . And in our financing the lawsuit was to make sure the proper forum was used to make sure that we know what 's constitutional and what is n't . " Supporters of traditional marriage agree . "  DOMA 's important because Congress said it 's important , " said Austin Nimocks , senior counsel at the legal ministry Alliance Defending Freedom . "  We sent our elected representatives to Washington , D.C. , and they chose to say that marriage is one man and one woman for purposes of federal law . " And many conservatives argue the courts should stay out of the larger constitutional issues and let citizens and the legislatures hash it out . Some activists worry nine unelected justices will issue a sweeping 50-state mandate and redefine marriage as whatever personal bond they now think it is . Carrie Severino , chief counsel of the Judicial Crisis Network , says nothing in the Constitution tells states whether and how they should "  evolve " on such an established institution . She said liberty is a fundamental right , but that government also has broad discretion to affirm the idea marriage is mainly about ensuring biological children are raised in a stable two-parent family with a mother and father . Same-sex marriage in the 21st century "  is clearly not what anyone understood as marriage at the time of the framing of the Constitution , " she told CNN , saying that should be enough to keep the high court out of the current case . Tribe marries same-sex couple but state wo n't recognize it Lack of protections , benefits if partner deploys Jamelle and Karane said they hit it off immediately after they met by chance at a downtown club 's Ladies Night , and felt like they had known each other forever . They were together four years before marrying last October . Karane said she went to Jamelle 's mother first to ask her daughter 's hand in wedlock . Sitting in their comfortable Washington home , they appear blissfully happy being together , but DOMA has put unexpected strains on the marriage because of "  little frustrations . " For one thing , they worry what could happen when Jamelle gets sent overseas in a war zone . "  Technically , I am a single person deploying , " she said . "  So I do n't have any protection for my family . I could deploy tomorrow and there would be nothing in place to help my family . It would be just me . So that 's definitely scary . Financially , making sure that the responsibility that we have to each other and to our families is taken care of , and it would be like I 'm leaving Karane in a lurch . " Karane added : "  It 's like we have to still go above and beyond just to get to where heterosexual couples already are . " Docs : Same-sex marriage benefits kids They believe they are burdened by a triple social stigma : as women , black , and lesbians . The couple hope to have children someday , but that would create further layers of what they say are discriminatory rules . For now this self-described "  boring couple " say they look forward to the day their children would be born and raised in a post-DOMA world . But regardless how the Supreme Court rules , they say they will persevere . "  I should be able to walk with my wife hand in hand and live our life . We should n't have to sit here on the edge of our seats , waiting for a decision , " said Karane . "  Are we going to finally be able to just be recognized without any strings attached ? ... We 're humans , we live in a strange society , and we have to work with what we 've got . " Same-sex couples take long road to altar CNN 's Joe Johns and Stacey Samuel contributed to this report .	D.C. couple seek federal recognition of their legal same-sex union Supreme Court will hear oral arguments on same-sex marriage President 's support for gay marriage puts Congress in position of defending DOMA DOMA defender says law is "  important because Congress said it 's important "
Editor 's note : Glenn Beck is on CNN Headline News nightly at 7 and 9 ET and also is host of a conservative national radio talk show . Glenn Beck says the decisions Washington makes today could have fateful consequences for the future . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Dear America : Happy 300th Birthday ! It 's 2076 and we 've just invented the time-fax machine .  Actually , "  we " did n't invent the time-fax machine , the State did -- they pretty much control everything now . I 'm faxing this back to you in 2008 because that seems to be the year we had the best chance to reverse our course and get back to the vision laid out by our founding fathers -- a vision that did n't include the government being in the insurance business . I do n't have a lot of time  the State only gives us one 30-minute break per day  so let me give you some advice : Stop worrying so much about who runs the country and start worrying about who runs your towns , your states , and your Congress . I know you 're all distracted by the presidential election , but for all the money and time poured into it , the truth is that you 're choosing between two roads that will lead you to the same destination . Sure , one may be the Autobahn and the other a two-lane highway , but you 'll end up at the same place either way . Decades of Republicans and Democrats alike have all chipped in to lead you to where you are today . Believing that one person , from either party , can change that by themselves is a big mistake . Presidents are like captains of a large ship : They can map out a course and shout out orders , but without the trust and hard work of the people who actually move the rudders , their commands mean nothing . In retrospect , the lack of trust and confidence you now have in your leaders was really the root cause of everything that 's happened since . While our founding fathers designed a brilliant system of checks and balances , separation of powers and democratic elections , trust was the one thing they could n't mandate in the Constitution . Unfortunately , it 's also the foundation upon which everything else is built and once it began to erode , our whole house inevitably began to crumble . Looking back now , it 's pretty obvious that our trust in government declined at about the same rate as our partisanship increased . People became so concerned about getting their party into power at any cost that the truth did n't even seem to matter anymore . That 's probably one of the reasons why George Washington hated the idea of political parties so much . Here 's what he said about them in his 1796 farewell speech : "  The alternate domination of one faction over another , sharpened by the spirit of revenge , natural to party dissension , which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities , is itself a frightful despotism . But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism . The disorders and miseries which result gradually incline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the absolute power of an individual ; and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing faction , more able or more fortunate than his competitors , turns this disposition to the purposes of his own elevation , on the ruins of public liberty . " I know that George had a habit for using big words , so allow me to translate into 2008 English : Political parties that put their own success over that of the country 's will be the death of America . If you do n't believe him yet , just wait a few more years ... you 're about to see firsthand how right he was . After all , if power corrupts , then the kind of absolute power gained by political parties  and feared by Washington  corrupts absolutely . The best advice I can give you is to stop thinking in terms of left and right and start thinking in terms of right and wrong . Demand the best leaders possible , and then demand the best out of them . Believe me , when you see what 's coming your way , you 'll realize how little the donkey and the elephant really ever mattered . Oh and while we 're on politics , one quick thing that I 'm sure you 're curious about : Yes , Robert Byrd is still in the Senate . He 's 159 , but does n't look a day over 91 . Now , let 's talk about the economy . Let me see if I have this right : Money and power made people greedy , so you decided to hand over a bunch of money and power to greedy politicians instead . Smart ! After using that money to nationalize a bunch of banks , mortgage companies and insurance companies , they moved on to bigger things . The airlines came first -- we just could n't live without them . Then it was the automakers  Detroit would 've died  , health care  they said they could manage it better  , and eventually , the oil companies  I 'm not sure where all of those "  windfall profits " have gone  . The idea behind it all  an idea that was eventually turned into law with the passage of the Securities Exchange Act of 2011  was to "  socialize losses " by spreading them out among all taxpayers . The pain , our leaders argued , would be minimal that way . They were right . At least until the bills came due . See , we did n't actually have any of the money we were promising everyone ; we were borrowing it . It did n't take long before so many of our tax dollars were going toward interest payments that we could n't fund even the most basic of government programs without massive tax increases on everyone . People now work most of the year just to pay Uncle Sam  or , as we now call him , "  Comrade Sam "  . I hear the State censors coming , so let me leave you with a few other quick things : • Good call on not worrying about protecting our borders . That works out really well for you in 2019 . • You might want to spend a little less time worrying about carbon and a little more time worrying about Iran . We 're now in a new mini-Ice Age but , believe me , Iran is n't using their nukes to warm any homes .  PS The International Atomic Energy Agency just revealed to you that Iran appears to be refitting their long-range missiles to carry nuclear payloads . Did you think they were joking or were you just too busy with lipsticks and pigs to notice ? • The currency of the future is energy . Those who have it are thriving and those who do n't -- well , let 's just leave it at that . Drill for all the oil you can , but you also better start seriously looking for some other options . In closing , remember this golden rule and you should be fine : Your Constitution will never fail you , but your leaders will . Be wary of anyone who tries to convince you that it 's the other way around . Best wishes  you 're going to need them  , Worker 2744A PS It 's not all socialist doom and gloom here in the future . We just thawed Ted Williams ' cryogenically frozen body and he hit 87 home runs for the North Team ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Glenn Beck : America in 2076 could be a very scary place Beck imagines a country that is controlled by an all-powerful state People lost trust in government because of uncontrolled partisanship , he says Beck : Bailing out industries amounts to socializing their losses
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Hurling rocks and brandishing daggers and sticks , supporters of longtime President Ali Abdullah Saleh plunged into a crowd calling for his ouster in Sanaa on Friday as rising momentum in Yemen sprouted similar protests in other towns . Reports of excessive force prompted calls for restraint amid intensifying demonstrations . U.S. President Barack Obama voiced concern about what the U.S. Embassy in Yemen described as "  a disturbing rise in the number and violence of attacks against Yemeni citizens gathering peacefully to express their views on the current political situation . " "  The United States condemns the use of violence by governments against peaceful protestors , " Obama said . "  Wherever they are , people have certain universal rights , including the right of peaceful assembly . " The embassy statement said "  the attacks are contrary to the commitments that President Saleh has made to protect the right of Yemeni citizens to gather peacefully to express their views . " The violence in Yemen and Libya on Friday stood in sharp contrast to images from Cairo 's Tahrir Square , where Egyptians showed up en masse to celebrate the toppling of President Hosni Mubarak a week ago . Saleh 's foes in Yemen are trying to score their own victory . After midday prayers concluded , they marched from the gates of Sanaa University to the streets , where security forces and riot police tried to stay between rival demonstrators Friday . Some told Amnesty International that they had been surrounded by security forces , aided by "  thugs " who fired shots at them and beat them . "  We are very scared , particularly because there are children with us , " a protester told the human rights monitoring group . "  We 've tried to get the children out of the area , but the security forces have not allowed us to do so . " "  After Mubarak , now it 's Ali 's turn , " chanted the anti-government protesters . "  The people want the fall of the regime . " "  I 'm out here today because we want the president to go and we want to make sure that he and his family do n't stay in power , " said Khalid Amer , a student . Despite concessions from Saleh , a tide of anger is sweeping through Yemen 's youths , who say they are simply fed up with the status quo . At least 30 anti-government demonstrators were injured , according to Abdul Naser Al-Dumaini , an anti-government protester at a demonstration in Sanaa . The day before , at least 20 people were injured in Sanaa . Opposition lawmaker Ahmed Hashid said police at the scene did not try to intervene . In Taiz , more than 10,000 anti-government demonstrators , including 4,000 women , gathered Friday in Freedom Square in a seventh straight day of protests , witnesses said . An assailant drove by the square and hurled a grenade , killing one person , a police official said . At least 43 others were wounded . And in the coastal city of Aden , about 3,000 anti-government demonstrators gathered in the Al-Mansoura District , witnesses said . Five people have been killed in Aden since Wednesday , hospital and government officials said . Aref al-Qubati , a participant whose friend was one of the victims , said police fired to disperse protesters . The Committee to Protect Journalists reported that "  at least four photojournalists were attacked , beaten and had their cameras confiscated " by government supporters at the protests . The government countered the coverage of discontent in Yemen by reporting on sympathetic demonstrations . The state-run Saba news agency said a million demonstrators had marched in Taiz , hoisting Yemeni flags and pictures of Saleh . And Deputy Interior Minister Hussein al-Zawa ` ari blamed a southern secessionist movement for the unrest and deaths in Aden , Saba said . Saleh has called for an investigation into the Aden violence , and Vice President Abdu Rabo Mansour Hadi met with the governor Thursday , Saba said . Saleh , in power for 32 years , met earlier in the week with his National Defense Council to discuss discontent in his nation . The council "  stressed all should practice their rights according to the constitution , in a peaceful way and without violence , chaos , sabotage and lawbreaking , " Saba said . Saleh has been in touch with King Hamad of Bahrain , which is also mired in unrest . "  He pointed out that there are schemes aimed at plunging the region into chaos and violence targeting the nation 's security and the stability of its countries , " Saba said . "  Those who commit acts of disorder and vandalism  are  simply implementing suspicious foreign agendas ... " The report did n't suggest who might be behind the agendas . In an attempt to quell growing discontent , Saleh , a U.S. ally in the fight against an offshoot of al Qaeda in Yemen , has announced he wo n't seek another term in 2013 . He also said he would postpone parliamentary elections scheduled for April to allow more time for discussions about reform . Yemen 's situation is compounded by the fight against al Qaeda , the southern separatist movement in its once-independent south , a Shiite uprising and a looming shortage of water .	NEW : Obama : U.S. condemns violence "  by governments against peaceful protestors " Rival demonstrators clash at Sanaa University Scores of injuries reported Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh has been in power for 32 years
CNN  -- The second Test match between West Indies and England in Antigua has been abandoned after only 10 deliveries were bowled , with the match to be re-started on Sunday at a different ground on the island under the guise of the third Test . Umpires Rudi Koertzen and Tony Hill inspect the suspect Antigua outfield amid farcical scenes . Amid scenes of complete chaos , the heavily-sanded outfield played havoc with the bowlers ' run-ups and -- either side of a brief break for a shower -- the umpires and match referee had no alternative but to call off play for the day . In the short period of play possible , both West Indies opening bowlers Jerome Taylor and Fidel Edwards struggled to run to the crease . Match referee Alan Hurst was called into the middle by umpires Rudi Koertzen and Tony Hill and quickly made his decision . "  The bowlers are having problems with their footings , " he told Sky Sports . "  They were having trouble getting any traction at all . The umpires have agreed with that . It is a health hazard for the players . Play has been abandoned for the day as the ground is unfit . " Much of the pre-match discussions had centered on the state of the ground at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium , with Hurst admitting that no-one had tested the run ups . "  No-one had bowled on the wicket to test it out , " he admitted . "  It would have been jumping the gun to say it was unfit before the start of play . In the long run we have to look at the health and safety of the players . " After much deliberating , officials concluded that the pitch would not be ready in time to resume proceedings on Saturday and made the decision to switch the match to the Antigua Recreation Ground -- leaving groundstaff a race against the clock to prepare the island 's traditional international venue , which has not been used for Test cricket since 2006 . England were seven without loss when match officials abandoned play and the tourists will now have to start from scratch at the ARG , where they had been training prior to Friday 's debacle . The opening hour of the contest was reminiscent of the shambles of the 1998 Jamaica Test which was scrapped after just 10.1 overs due to an unsatisfactory pitch . Dr Julian Hunte , chairman of the West Indies Cricket Board , said : "  Let me apologize to everyone on behalf of the board for what is quite rightly called an 'em barrassment ' . The ultimate responsibility lies with the board and we are not shirking it . " England are currently 1-0 down in the Test series after falling to an embarrassing innings and 23 run defeat at Jamaica in the first Test last week .	Second Test in Antigua has been abandoned after only 10 deliveries bowled Heavily-sanded outfield made it impossible for bowlers to run up to the crease The match will resume on Sunday at different ground and will be the third Test
CNN  -- Every woman who 's worked in an office has her story about discrimination or , as they say in the HR confabs , "  inappropriate behavior . " Mine is the day I was chatting with colleagues in a newsroom some years back when I suddenly felt two meaty hands massaging my shoulders . "  I 'm not sure who you are , " I said before turning to face my uninvited masseur . "  But take your  expletive-deleted  hands off me . " The mystery hands belonged to my editor . I thought about that day while reading "  The Good Girls Revolt , " the just-published history of the first class-action discrimination lawsuit ever brought against a media organization in 1970 . Lynn Povich , a 47-year journalism veteran who started as a secretary in the Paris bureau of Newsweek magazine in 1965 , tells the story of 46 women with degrees from top schools who got tired of a system that relegated them to jobs checking facts and clipping newspaper stories , while men with similar credentials got the bylines and big salaries . Povich and her female coworkers recruited fellow plaintiffs at secret meetings in the ladies ' room . They hired Eleanor Holmes Norton , the civil rights lawyer who today is a District of Columbia congresswoman . And then they announced their lawsuit on March 16 , 1970 , inspiring the headline "  Newshens Sue Newsweek for Equal Rights " in the New York Daily News , which went out of its way to note that most of the plaintiffs were young , "  and most of them pretty . " The magazine 's official response : "  The fact that most researchers at Newsweek are women and that virtually all writers are men stems from a newsmagazine tradition going back almost fifty years . " Noted . A string of similar lawsuits against other news organizations ensued , and journalism 's male guard was embarrassed into making some changes . Today , a woman is editor of the New York Times , and a woman has just been named that newspaper 's public editor . You might think that gutsy efforts like those of the "  Dollies , " as the Newsweek women were called by their male bosses , would have led to a media world that was all fixed on the gender front 42 years later . You 'd be thinking wrong . It 's a funny thing about journalism . The public has this idea that the media world is run by bleeding-heart liberals more focused on homeless shelters than tax shelters . You know , progressive thinkers looking to change the world . Reality is it 's a business like most others , run largely by men who push back at serious threats to their authority . In the old days , I had to stand up to cretins like Massage Man . Betsy Carter , a Newsweek researcher who would go on to found New York Woman Magazine in 1987 , had to put up with some guy she barely knew who walked by on deadline and "  planted a soft kiss on her neck , " as Povich describes it . Today 's woman journalists are less likely to get massaged and smooched on the job . But 42 years after that lawsuit , women are still shut out : Men make up 60 % of newspaper employees , write 80 % of newspaper op-eds and author most articles in "  thought leader " magazines such as the New Yorker , which last year had 242 female bylines , 613 male . The record for "  new media " is better than print , though men and women are still nowhere near parity . In a report earlier this year , the Op-Ed Project said 33 % of op-eds in the Huffington Post and on Salon were written by women . At Newsweek , where a woman , Tina Brown , has run the show since the merger of Newsweek and The Daily Beast website in November of 2010 , the imbalance has improved in the four decades since the women 's lawsuit . In a March 18 , 2010 cover story "  Are We There Yet " written by three Newsweek women , the authors said 39 percent of the people on the masthead were women , up from 25 % in 1970 . But men still had the star power , writing 43 of the 49 cover stories the previous year . Now try to square those numbers with these : Over the past 10 years , between 70 and 76 % of all journalism and mass communications graduates have been women . At one of my journalism jobs , I blew a fuse one day over my male colleagues getting the high-profile web page spots where readers would find their stories while my work was out of sight . I complained , and my boss shot back an e-mail saying I 'd cooked up a "  conspiracy theory . " Lest I should get any future impulses to be uppity , he warned , "  I do n't plan to address this issue again . " Even a newshen with a byline is supposed to know her place . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Susan Antilla .	Susan Antilla : Women used to be routinely harassed and passed over in newsrooms She says more women have gotten better posts , but men still dominate the business She says men have 60 % of jobs at papers , write 80 % of op-eds and get far more bylines Antilla : Women are up to 76 % of recent news grads ; what 's wrong with this picture ?
CNN  -- In times of despair , a good meal goes a long way . The week of April 15 brought two horrific events : The Boston Marathon bombings and the West , Texas , fertilizer plant explosion . In each city , health care workers jumped into action to help victims of the tragedies . In between trying to save lives , these doctors and nurses somehow found the time to support their colleagues across the country . What started as a single act of kindness turned into a culinary exchange that shows just how inspiring "  paying it forward " can be . In the aftermath of the Boston Marathon blasts , Nancy James , a registered nurse at the medical intensive care unit at Carolinas HealthCare System in Charlotte , North Carolina , wanted nurses in Boston to know that the nurses at her hospital were thinking about them . During the pre-shift morning huddle on April 20 , she asked if anyone would be willing to chip in a couple of dollars to order food for Massachusetts General Hospital 's medical intensive care unit . The response was larger than she expected : $ 126 , which she used to have pizza delivered to the Boston health care workers . "  I think doing things like this is important , " Blake said . "  In this day and age , we 've forgotten how to be kind to other people ... and take care of each other . " In runners ' tent and ER , a rush to save limbs , and lives Unbeknown to her , the Mass General emergency department staff had already sent an edible gift of their own . On April 18 , Dr. Christopher Kabrhel had pizza delivered to the emergency department of Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center in Waco , Texas , which was treating patients from the deadly explosion the day before that damaged homes in a five-block area in nearby West . With the pizza came a note : "  Thanks for all of your hard work . From one member of the E.R. family . ... " "  It was an absolute surprise , " said David Argueta , vice president of operations at Hillcrest . "  Our ED  emergency department  obviously was blown away . " Attempts by CNN to reach Kabrhel for comment were unsuccessful . After the Mass General ICU staff received their pizzas from North Carolina , they also reached out to Hillcrest , sending lunch and dinner to the Texas hospital 's ICU on April 21 . A lot of nurses at Hillcrest were personally affected by the explosion and had relatives who were injured or lost their homes , so gestures such as this gift "  really show the human spirit , " Argueta said . The chain of support did n't stop there . Enter Trace Arnold , also known as "  the Rib Whisperer . " He runs a mobile barbecue restaurant called the Ultimate Smoker and Grill , and a stationary establishment called 3 Stacks Smoke & Tap House in Frisco , Texas . After the explosion in West , Arnold and his team served three meals a day for three days , feeding more than 5,000 victims and relief workers . Boston amputee victims urged to ` slay the monster ' with recovery "  I just decided , you know what , let 's go help , " Arnold said . One of the volunteers in West was Jill Barton , whose husband works at Hillcrest as a surgeon . She told Arnold about the pizzas that had been sent from the Mass General emergency department team to Hillcrest . Arnold decided to help Texas return the favor . At 4 a.m. Tuesday , Arnold got on a plane to bring barbecue to more than 200 emergency department personnel at Mass General . Delta Air Lines allowed Arnold and his team to fly to Boston for free with 50 racks of ribs and 15 briskets . Several staff members at Mass General wore cowboy boots for the occasion . A few had tears in their eyes as they dug in , Arnold said . "  It was unbelievable , " he said . "  We were tired -- we cooked for three days straight , 18 hours a day . I was tired and I was just feeding people . I knew these doctors had been working countless hours . ... They had n't been eating and had n't been sleeping . " Arnold gave Kabrhel a Texas flag that had traveled the country on Arnold 's mobile smoker . The barbecue ambassadors also brought with them a large green Hillcrest hospital flag , signed by as many as 500 staff members who wrote encouraging messages on it . While the Boston health care team enjoyed their barbecue , their counterparts at Hillcrest Skyped with them , Argueta said . The next day Hillcrest received a lithograph of Mass General , which is now displayed in the administrative area of the emergency department . "  You share a common bond , especially in such a trying time , " Argueta said . "  The whole situation has been extremely therapeutic , I think on both sides , and just so uplifting . " Arnold will continue to pay it forward . He 's convinced his corporate sponsors , such as Pepsi Co. and Frito Lay , to deliver food every week for the next month to emergency workers in West . "  In this crazy world that we live in nowadays ... it just seems right , " he said . "  We 're all just doing our duty as people , as human beings . " Bombings destroy dancer 's foot , but not her spirit	A doctor from a Boston hospital sends pizza to a Texas emergency department "  The Rib Whisperer " hops a plane and supplies barbecue for Boston hospital staff North Carolina nurses also order pizza to be delivered to Boston health care workers
CNN  -- Remember that old tune "  Friday , I 'm in Love " ? Well , some daters are looking to make it a reality . "  I have found a wonderful weekend lover , " reads a testimonial by "  Leah , 38 " on the new dating website , parttimelove.co.uk . "  He asks for no more , and the times we spend together are magical . " The site , launched in early January , is the brainchild of relationship author and blogger Helen Croydon . Its target demographic is people who want to be independent but also want to fall in love , she says . Some may wonder whether Part Time Love is simply the newest in a line of dating sites where users troll for one-night stands . But the site is n't just Tinder with a romantic sheen , if you believe its marketing spiel . "  We are not a no-strings website . We are for singles looking for regular partners with mutual attraction , genuine friendship , respect and a magical spark but whom have no expectations of moving in after three months and value their free time and independence , " claims the site , which users must opt into via other , more established dating sites . Croydon asserts that a low-maintenance or part-time relationship is distinctively different than the eloquently named "  booty call , " or the even more lucid "  casual encounter " in that the goal is lasting love . Croydon admits it 's not for everyone . She envisions her demographic as users in their mid-to-late 30s and early 40s who are set in their ways and might find it difficult to adapt domestically to a new partner . "  They 're realistic on the fairytale , " she says . In 2011 , writer Laura Tennant wrote a column "  We 're happily semi-detached " in a British newspaper about her part-time cohabitation with boyfriend , Sean Walsh . She had just completed a difficult divorce -- "  are n't they all ? " she joked in an e-mail with CNN -- and was n't sure she ever wanted to get married again . What she was sure of was that she and Walsh worked really well together as the relationship stood . They were "  living apart together , " as she called it . Fast forward to 2014 , and now Tennant is engaged to marry Walsh . "  Over time , Sean and I have become more and more sure that we are each other 's soulmate and life partner , " she says . "  And we have slowly but surely got to the point where we are ready to make the ultimate commitment to each other . " But , that does n't mean they each wo n't have their alone time . The couple is planning for Walsh to have a pied-Ã - terre , but not in the Ernest Hemingway sense . "  As it is , it is totally workable , albeit somewhat unusual , " she says . "  We are working out logistics at the moment , but I reckon we will live together and Sean will rent a work-live space nearby where he can write , sometimes sleep , and recharge his batteries . " Croydon explores what she calls "  low-maintenance relationships " in her new book "  Screw the Fairytale : A Modern Girl 's Guide to Sex and Love , " in which she debunks the traditional ideal of the omnipresent partner . Croydon says she never wants to get married or have kids .  She 's also quite familiar with unorthodox dating styles ; her first book , "  Sugar Daddy Diaries , " was about her penchant for older men . "  You do n't have to see someone three to four nights a week to express love , " she told CNN over the phone from London . "  In every other aspect of life , we 've gone for convenience , independence and where individualism is promoted , " she says . "  Yet , you have this socially approved model of relationship that you live together . " Croydon says for it to work , the partners ' emphasis is still on a genuine relationship , in that there is romance and sparks but "  without all the monotony and obligation of a full-time relationship . " Jill Weber , a Virginia-based clinical psychologist and author of "  Having Sex , Wanting Intimacy : Why Women Settle for One-Sided Relationships " says this particular style of dating can certainly feel empowering as it allows daters to compartmentalize the relationship . "  It protects you ; there 's less vulnerability , " she says . Sooner or later , though , she says one or both partners might catch stronger feelings and want something more . "  Ultimately , what connects us with one another is being vulnerable , " she asserts . On the opposite end of the spectrum , Weber says it 's also important for each partner to feel like they have their own life . "  You should feel safe and at ease in your relationship , " she says , meaning that you are n't constantly worrying where your partner is and vice versa . If that 's not the case , a conversation about space is in order . Failing that , it might be time to re-evaluate the healthiness of the relationship . As for Croydon , she 's still single and ready to mingle part-time . Would you use a website to find a part-time lover ? Share your take in the comments section below .	A new dating site in the United Kingdom searches for "  part-time relationships " "  They 're realistic on the fairytale , " says the site 's creator of its users One psychologist says this style of dating reduces vulnerability
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- One of two men charged with killing the crew of the Joe Cool charter fishing boat last year has agreed to plead guilty to first-degree murder , a victim 's relative said . Kirby Archer is expected to plead guilty in exchange for prosecutors dropping the death penalty . Kirby Archer is expected to change his plea to guilty in exchange for a prosecutors ' agreement not to seek the death penalty against him , according to Jeff Branam , an uncle of slain boat captain Jake Branam . He said prosecutors told the victims ' relatives about the plea deal . The U.S. Attorney 's Office in Miami , Florida , declined to comment . Court documents filed Friday show that Archer is scheduled to change his plea at a hearing Thursday . Archer and Guillermo Zarabozo are charged with four counts each of first-degree murder , kidnapping and robbery in the deaths of Branam ; his wife , Kelly ; his half-brother Scott Gamble ; and first mate Samuel Kairy . None of the victims ' bodies has been found , and authorities have said it is unlikely they will be . The abandoned Joe Cool was found by the U.S. Coast Guard on September 23 , floating about 60 miles south of the island of Bimini . Zarabozo and Archer were found a few hours later , about 10 miles away on a life raft . The two had paid the Joe Cool crew $ 4,000 in cash to take them to the Bahamas from Miami , where they said they were planning to meet some girlfriends . The trip should have taken about an hour each way . The boat did not return . Zarabozo told authorities the boat had been hijacked by pirates who fatally shot Jake and Kelly Branam and ordered the crew thrown overboard but spared the two of them . This spring , Zarabozo said in court documents that Archer killed the crew , using Zarabozo 's gun . No gun was found . Police believe that the bodies of the crew were pitched overboard between Miami and Cuba . Jeff Branam said the victims ' relatives met with prosecutors a few days ago . "  They said he was going to plead guilty , " he said of Archer . "  I would have liked to have seen him get the death penalty , but if he 's going to be in prison for the rest of his life with no chance of getting out , that 'll work . " CNN was unable to reach Archer 's defense attorney . Jeff Branam said the government 's case against the two appears strong but said he 's glad a jury wo n't decide Archer 's fate . "  I think they have a lot of circumstantial evidence , " he said . "  If you have just one person on a jury who might feel there were pirates , they might not -LSB- convict -RSB- , " he said . "  Without bodies , it could be an uphill battle . " Archer , 36 , was once an Army MP who served at the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Investigators and victims ' family members say they were told he wanted to go back to Cuba . Archer befriended Zarabozo , 20 , who left Cuba with his family . Last year , Archer fled to Florida after he was accused of stealing $ 92,000 from an Arkansas Wal-Mart where he was working . Zarabozo 's lawyer , William Matthewman , had little to say about Archer 's pending plea . "  All I can say is , Mr. Zarabozo pled not guilty . He maintains his not guilty plea , and he plans to proceed to trial . " No trial date has been set . Jake and Kelly Branam are survived by their children : a girl who was 2 at the time of their deaths and a boy who was 4 months old . A court has awarded custody of the children to Kelly Branam 's stepsister , according to relatives .	Victim 's relative says plea deal is in exchange for dropping the death penalty Kirby Archer , Guillermo Zarabozo accused of killing crew of Joe Cool None of the victims ' bodies has been found Documents : Change of plea hearing scheduled for Thursday
CNN  -- At the request of the Australian , Russian and Chinese governments , the U.S. Coast Guard is stepping up to help break up ice off Antarctica that has ensnared a pair of ships . The Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star had been heading to that area anyway , having left its home port of Seattle early last month to eventually break through sea ice and refuel the U.S. Antarctic Program 's McMurdo Station on Ross Island . Now the icebreaker is retooling to help the Russian ship Akademik Shokalskiy and China 's Xue Long due to "  sufficient concern that the vessels may not be able to free themselves from the ice , " the Coast Guard said Saturday in a statement . The Polar Star , currently in Sydney , will take on supplies and head out Sunday on what should be a seven-day voyage to the ships in Commonwealth Bay , according to the Australian Maritime Safety Authority . "  We are always ready and duty-bound to render assistance in one of the most remote and harsh environments on the face of the globe , " said Vice Adm. Paul F. Zukunft , the U.S. Coast Guard 's Pacific commander . Chinese ship in Antarctica rescue stuck in ice The Australian agency formally requested the Americans help on Friday . The Coast Guard noted that the governments of Russia and China also asked for U.S. assistance . Earlier this week , a helicopter ferried 52 passengers from the MV Akadmik Shokalskiy to the Australian icebreaker Aurora Australis . The Akadmik Shokalskiy had been trapped in unusually deep ice since Christmas Eve with scientists , journalists , tourists and crew members on board . Twenty-two Russian crew members are still on the Akademik Shokalskiy , waiting for either the ice to shift or for outside help . Xue Long is a Chinese icebreaker that sent out the helicopter Thursday that airlifted several dozen passengers from the Akademik Shokalskiy to safety . But after that happened , the Chinese vessel itself got stuck in the ice , according to the Australian Maritime Safety Authority . The Xue Long 's captain told AMSA that his ship is safe , has plenty of food and supplies and did not need immediate assistance . The U.S. Coast Guard 's "  only active heavy polar icebreaker , " the 399-foot long Polar Star recently completed a three-year , $ 90 million overhaul . Capable of traveling at speeds of 18 knots  21 mph  , the ship can continuously break through 6 feet of ice while traveling 3 knots . With its reinforced hull and special bow , the Polar Star can bust through as much as 21 feet of ice at a time . After its new mission , the U.S. Coast Guard vessel is set to continue to its original mission in McMurdo Sound . All 52 passengers rescued from ship trapped in Antarctic ice CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Susanna Capelouto contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. ship should take a week to reach Commonwealth Bay , Australia says U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star is heading toward Antarctica Its aim is to help free Russian and Chinese ships stuck in ice there Governments of Australia , China and Russia asked for the help
Washington  CNN  -- It 's a scenario we 've seen before : a gridlocked Congress pushes off legislative action until the last minute . But this time , leaders could n't reach a deal before they were scheduled to break for a five-week recess . House Speaker John Boehner and his new leadership team were prepared to pass a bill to fund a response to the crisis at the southern border . But then , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas called a pizza party , and all bets were off . The bill that Boehner was pushing was n't even expected to be taken up by the Senate because Democrats oppose a proposed fix to a 2008 law that makes it more difficult to deport children from Central America . Coming in at $ 659 million -- after Republican leaders twice scaled down their proposal from an initial $ 1.5 billion -- the bill was a sliver of President Barack Obama 's $ 3.7 billion request . Certainly no one could suggest Republicans were caving in to the White House . But Cruz and his tea party allies in the House were determined to oppose the bill unless GOP leaders tacked on a provision that would reverse an Obama administration policy shielding young migrants and toughen the United States ' deportation policy . Less than 24 hours after Cruz pow-wowed with House Republicans over pizza pies , Boehner canceled the vote when he realized he did n't have enough support to pass what was already considered no more than a show vote . Cruz denied playing a lead role in killing the bill , but insiders were quick to give the senator a new title : Speaker Cruz . Oh , and of course , BuzzFeed 's D.C. bureau chief piped in . Then there 's this zinger from a Republican strategist and CNN political commentator : Meanwhile , Cruz gave an exclusive interview to the Washington Post 's Robert Costa , whose reporting has led the narrative on Cruz 's role . That denial has n't kept House GOP leadership aides and rank-and-file Republicans from pinning the bill 's failure on Cruz getting involved in the wrong chamber . It would n't be the first time that 's happened . But maybe Washington is just delusional , as Cruz suggested Thursday on Twitter . It certainly did n't stop Democrats from seizing on the idea of Cruz , a tea party favorite who has rubbed establishment Republicans the wrong way more than once , leading the Republican caucus . Democrats also criticized Boehner for acting to sue Obama for abusing his executive authority , and then calling on him to act unilaterally to address the border crisis . The Democratic Party 's national press secretary jumped at the chance to slam Boehner 's leadership failure : Tea party backers did n't hesitate either , like Laura Ingraham , the influential conservative radio host . Conservative pundit Erick Erickson , who said House Republicans should tack the Cruz-backed provision to a border bill , also weighed in . Right or wrong , these new optics are not threading a positive storyline for congressional Republicans , especially ahead of the 2014 midterms . These questions about the influence of the House GOP leaders could n't come at a worse time as House Republicans transitioned leadership into new hands . Reps. Kevin McCarthy and Steve Scalise just took over as House majority leader and majority whip , respectively , after Rep. Eric Cantor officially stepped down as the No. 2 House Republican on Thursday . Despite the official change in leadership . Observers floated questions about who actually retained control of the house after the Cantor passed the baton to McCarthy and Scalise , suggesting that a de facto leader was really calling the shots . Cantor 's primary loss to an underfunded insurgent challenger stunned the Republican establishment in June . And it appears the tea party -- this time embodied by Cruz and his allies in the House -- is continuing to give GOP leaders a headache . Which makes the timing of Cantor 's exit a genius move . .	Cruz is being branded by many as the man who killed the House border bill Allies gathered over pizza and the next day Boehner realized he did n't have enough votes Cruz and his allies denied that he twisted arms to get his way Texan has a new moniker : "  Speaker Cruz "
CNN Student News  -- September 10 , 2013 The U.S. Congress is debating the issue of Syria , President Obama is planning a speech to the nation , and Russia is offering a proposal regarding Syria 's chemical weapons . On Tuesday , CNN Student News examines how the crisis in Syria reached its current state . We also catch up on a young education activist . Plus , we report on the happiest nations in the world and the potential of pilotless planes . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Could Malala Yousafzai 's story have an impact in places where education rights are limited ? Explain . Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . education rights 2 . Denmark 3 . automation Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What events lead to Syria 's civil war ? 2 . Why did Malala Yousafzai recently travel to the Netherlands ? 3 . What criteria did a recent survey use to rank countries ' "  happiness " ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What advantages and disadvantages might a president face when addressing the public ? Do you think that President Obama 's scheduled speech will have an impact on public and congressional opinion concerning Syria ? Why or why not ? 2 . What might be the pros and cons of using "  pilotless " airplanes over traditional , manned planes ? What other uses can you think of for the pilotless plane technology seen in the program ? 3 . What are your thoughts on the advice shared by high school students in the program ? What is the best advice someone has given you ? What did you do with it ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Syria Europe Denmark FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Attorneys general in 17 states have banded together to call on Craigslist , the online classified ad website , to discontinue its adult services section . "  The increasingly sharp public criticism of Craigslist 's Adult Services section reflects a growing recognition that ads for prostitution -- including ads trafficking children -- are rampant on it , " the attorneys general said in a Tuesday letter to Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster and founder Craig Newmark . The letter continued : "  We recognize that Craigslist may lose the considerable revenue generated by the Adult Services ads . No amount of money , however , can justify the scourge of illegal prostitution , and the suffering of the women and children who will continue to be victimized , in the market and trafficking provided by Craigslist . " A Craigslist spokeswoman said Wednesday that the site agreed with at least some of the letter . "  We strongly support the attorneys general desire to end trafficking in children and women , through the Internet or by any other means , " Susan MacTavish Best , who handles media inquiries for Craigslist , told CNN Wednesday . "  We hope to work closely with them , as we are with experts at nonprofits and in law enforcement , to prevent misuse of our site in facilitation of trafficking , and to combat such crimes wherever they appear , online or offline . " In their letter , the attorneys general highlighted an open letter , which appeared as a Washington Post ad , in which two girls said they were sold for sex on Craigslist . When the ad came out , Buckmaster wrote a blog post in response that said , "  Craigslist is anxious to know that the perpetrators in these girls ' cases are behind bars . " The letter also highlighted a report in May by CNN 's Amber Lyon , who posted a fake ad in the adult section . She received 15 calls soliciting sex in three hours . Earlier this month , Lyon interviewed a woman named "  Jessica " who sells sex on Craigslist . She told Lyon a Craigslist ad was "  the fastest , quickest way you 're for sure going to see somebody that day . " In a later blog , Buckmaster said Craigslist implemented manual screening of adult services ads in May 2009 . "  Since that time , before being posted each individual ad is reviewed by an attorney . " He said the attorneys are trained to enforce Craigslist 's posting guidelines , "  which are stricter than those typically used by yellow pages , newspapers , or any other company that we are aware of . " Attorneys general from Arkansas , Connecticut , Idaho , Illinois , Iowa , Kansas , Maryland , Michigan , Mississippi , Missouri , New Hampshire , Ohio , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas and Virginia made the request a week after accused "  Craigslist killer " Philip Markoff committed suicide in jail . Markoff was charged with the April 2009 killing of Julissa Brisman . Boston Police said that Brisman , a model , advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist , and Markoff might have met her through the website . In 2008 , under pressure from state prosecutors , the website raised the fees for posting adult services ads . In 2009 , it started donating portions of the money generated by adult ads to charity . A CNN investigation of Craigslist 's "  adult services " section , which replaced "  erotic services ads " two years ago , counted more than 7,000 ads in a single day . Many offered thinly veiled "  services " for anything from $ 50 for a half hour to $ 400 an hour . Newmark has defended his site , saying it is doing more than any other site that hosts adult ads to help filter out underage prostitutes and report them to police . Best , the Craigslist spokeswoman , said that fewer than one ad in 10,000 meets the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children 's guidelines for anti-trafficking action . "  Only Craigslist has the power to stop these ads before they are even published , and sadly they are completely unwilling to do so , " Kansas Attorney General Steve Six said in a statement .	Attorneys general urge Craigslist to drop adult services ads Company pledges to prevent ` misuse of our site ' Fake ad garnered 15 calls soliciting sex in three hours
Ofunato , Japan  CNN  -- More than a month after the devastating tsunami and earthquake that flattened seaside communities across northern Japan , many aid groups are wrapping up operations . One team of volunteers is just ramping up , however . For those wondering what they can still do to help , the U.S.-based charity All Hands has an answer : Buy a plane ticket , and come ready to get to work . "  What we do is come in after natural disasters all around the world and help people by bringing in volunteers in the recovery process , " said Marc Young , the charity 's operational director in Ofunato , a small port city on Japan 's northeastern coast . Ofunato was swamped in the tsunami that left nearly 500 dead and missing . The survivors are now faced with a mountain of debris to clear and a need to find new homes for more than 6,500 people . By Monday , the U.S.-based secular nonprofit had 23 volunteers from the United States , Canada , Britain and Australia working alongside Japanese from across the country . They were cleaning out houses and businesses and helping people salvage any personal goods and gear they could . Chris Turner , a staff project coordinator for All Hands , just arrived from working in Leogane , Haiti . Unlike Haiti , the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere , Japan is the world 's third-largest economy and its government is functioning . Help is still needed , however . "  Some people , what they most like to donate is their hard work , " says Turner , a Canadian . "  We kind of give people that opportunity . " The group is staying at a nearby house donated by a local resident and are getting a campground up and running to service the expected 100 volunteers who are streaming in every day . All Hands also is setting up a "  smart distribution " warehouse to better allocate donated goods to the people who need them . In the immediate aftermath of the quake , truckloads of donated food , clothes and household goods were sent in . Now there are huge pallets of toilet paper , plates and other scattered goods from people who were well-meaning , but unclear on what was needed . "  We think that there is enough shampoo and detergent here for every person in every shelter to use a bottle a day for a year , " Young said . There are few baths or working washing machines in the area , and what people really need is fresh food , he said . Most people have temporary shelter , and All Hands is forming a partnership with Habitat for Humanity to build 50 new homes . The group also is working with local leaders to team volunteers with Japanese carpenters to pull out waterlogged floors and walls from homes that are otherwise structurally sound . "  It 's rewarding to get all the debris out of the homes , " Young said . "  But it 's especially exciting to take the next step and get people back in to their own homes . " The group members are from all over the world , but All Hands says they had to pick the first volunteers from among thousands of offers based on skills they could contribute . Amya Miller , a volunteer from Boston , was born and raised in Japan , and now works as an interpreter . Miller said she her family and business on hold for two months to come and help in Japan and called in every favor she was ever owed to raise money . "  You ca n't forget about these people , " she said . "  This is a multi-year recovery process . "	All Hands cleans houses and helps families salvage posessions More than 6,500 people need homes in the city of Ofunato "  You ca n't forget about these people , " one volunteer says
London , England  CNN  -- China will execute within a few hours a British man convicted of smuggling heroin , his family said Monday . Akmal Shaikh , 53 , has been informed by the Chinese authorities that he will be executed , said Seema Khan and Latif Shaikh , first cousins of the condemned man . The relatives told CNN that Shaikh 's mother had not been informed of his execution , scheduled for Tuesday morning . "  We are keeping the news away from her , " Khan said . "  We do n't feel she can take the news and bear the brunt of it . " Shaikh has exhausted all his legal appeals . The Chinese government is not known to give 11th-hour reprieves . But Khan and Shaikh said they are nevertheless "  hoping the Chinese government will show some compassion . " Shaikh 's supporters maintain he is mentally ill and that Chinese officials did not take that into account when trying him . A United Nations official has asked China not to go forward with the execution . Philip Alston , the U.N. special rapporteur on extrajudicial executions , has said it would be a "  major step backwards for China " to execute a mentally ill man . "  Both Chinese and international law clearly indicate that a person who committed a crime while suffering from significant mental illness should not be subjected to the death penalty , " Alston said in a statement released by Reprieve , a British legal group . "  I very much hope that the government will grant clemency in this case . " Britain too has asked China not to execute Shaikh . "  The British Government has been doing and will continue to do everything within its power to secure a fair trial and clemency on the death penalty for Akmal Shaikh , " a Downing Street spokesman said Monday . "  The prime minister has intervened personally on a number of occasions : he has raised the case with Premier Wen  Jiabao  , most recently at the Copenhagen summit ; and has written several times to President Hu  Jintao  . At every level ... the government has raised its concerns , made clear our opposition to the death penalty , and requested a full mental health assessment . We will remain engaged in the coming hours . " China says it has followed the law . "  This case has always been handled according to law . During the trial , the defendant has been guaranteed his legal rights , " Jiang Yu , spokeswoman for China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said last week . "  Everyone knows that international drug smuggling is a grave crime . " Shaikh was convicted of carrying up to 4 kilograms  almost 9 pounds  of heroin at the Urumqi Airport in September 2007 . His final appeal -- to the People 's Supreme Court -- was rejected a week ago . He would be the first European Union citizen executed in China in 50 years , Reprieve said . The organization says Shaikh may be suffering from bipolar disorder , which is characterized by delusional and manic behavior . The group says Chinese authorities have refused requests for Shaikh to be examined by a doctor and for his mental condition to be taken into account during his trial and sentencing . "  We deeply regret that mental health concerns had no bearing on the final judgment despite requests by Mr. Shaikh 's defense lawyer and repeated calls by the prime minister , ministers , members of the opposition , as well as -LSB- the -RSB- European Union , " the British Foreign Office said last week . A spokesman for China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs told CNN in October there was no evidence of mental illness . "  The British Embassy and a British organization proposed to have a psychological exam but could not offer any proof of mental illness , " the spokesman said . "  The defendant himself said that his family does not have a history of mental illness . " Shaikh said he was given a suitcase to carry by another man who had duped him into believing he was traveling to China to become a nightclub performer , and was unaware that the bag contained drugs . Reprieve campaigners have revealed details of Shaikh 's erratic lifestyle prior to his arrest -- including traveling to Poland to start an airline and then on to Central Asia to become a pop star . While living in Poland , Shaikh was approached by a man who helped him write a song that Shaikh believed would bring world peace , according to Reprieve . The man said he knew people in Kyrgyzstan who could help Shaikh become a pop star . Once there , Shaikh was introduced to another man called Okole , who told him he owned a nightclub in China where they would launch his singing career . The pair traveled together to Tajikistan , staying in a five-star hotel . Okole then told Shaikh he would have to travel on to China himself because there was only one seat available on the plane -- and gave him the suitcase to carry , according to Reprieve . Forensic psychologist Peter Schaapveld said he suspects Shaikh is suffering from a severe mental disorder . Schaapveld traveled to Urumqi this year for Shaikh 's appeal hearing but was unable to meet Shaikh or attend the appeal . He said British consular staff told him court officials had been "  bemused and amused " by Shaikh 's "  incoherent " testimony . Schaapveld also examined hundreds of pages of rambling e-mails sent by Shaikh to the British Embassy in Poland and various public figures , including then-U.S. President George W. Bush and former Beatle Paul McCartney . He said the evidence "  very clearly " suggested Shaikh was "  probably suffering from bipolar disorder and may also have an additional delusional psychosis . " CNN 's Jo Ling Kent in Beijing and Zain Verjee and Simon Hooper in London contributed to this report .	China will execute British man convicted of smuggling heroin within hours , his family says Akmal Shaikh supporters maintain he is mentally ill and officials did not take that into account when trying him British government has asked China not to execute Shaikh but China says it has followed law
Washington  CNN  -- Tuesday was the first day same-sex weddings could be performed in the District of Columbia . Last week , D.C. was added to the list of those few states that permit gay marriage . A law passed in December and signed by the mayor went into effect when Congress  which has the power to reject D.C. laws  refrained from interfering . Likewise , Chief Justice John Roberts refused an application to the U.S. Supreme Court to block the gay marriage law from going into effect , on procedural grounds , saying that the legal challenge was premature . This should not be viewed as a ringing endorsement from the high court for gay marriage or for protecting the privacy rights of gay people . Only two months ago , in January , the Supreme Court was not so hands-off in gay-marriage-related cases . Twice , the court intervened in cases in which active opponents of gay marriage , in California and Washington , have claimed that their right to privacy will be invaded if they are not given legal protection to be unseen and anonymous . In the California case , the high court ruled to prevent the broadcast of videotaped trial testimony of the organizers of Proposition 8 , which bans same-sex marriage . In the Washington case , which the court agreed to hear in full this year , the issue is whether the names on public petitions can be sealed . More than 130,000 signatures had been gathered by gay-marriage opponents in that case as part of an effort to place a referendum on the ballot to overturn a state domestic partnership law . To those of us who strongly favor equal marriage rights -- and who have a personal stake in them -- providing cover to those who would keep those rights from us feels a little like a drive-by assault : We had a glance at the people attacking us , but now they are gone , not to be identified . Another privacy interest is at stake in the gay marriage cases , and it will be interesting to see whether the Supreme Court embraces it with the same zeal demonstrated with respect to opponents of gay marriage . This month , now that the D.C. gay marriage law has gone into effect , my domestic partner of more than 12 years and I will wed. . With our marriage will come a bundle of rights , making us equal under the law to our heterosexual peers . More fundamentally , we will be able to have our loving commitment to each other officially recognized , like any other committed couple . And in terms of personal privacy , no longer will I have to indicate my sexual orientation to anyone who asks me whether I am married , as I can thereafter simply answer "  yes " rather than explain that I have a "  domestic partner , " the well-understood code that one is in a gay relationship . The marriage license the Superior Court is providing us will include the right to privacy in our relationship . I am not closeted , but it is part of my right to privacy to choose with whom I share the information about my sexual orientation . Indeed , that is what the California Supreme Court ruled in declaring equal marriage rights for gays and lesbians . That decision was what led to Proposition 8 and the invalidation of the court 's ruling and , now , the equal protection lawsuit on trial in federal court in San Francisco to overturn the Proposition 8 ban . In its original ruling , the California court adopted an argument advanced in a brief filed by the Anti-Defamation League that I helped to write . The U.S. Supreme Court has found that opponents of gay marriage who supported Proposition 8 -- and whose testimony will be offered in San Francisco trial to show a discriminatory animus relevant to the equal protection issue -- are entitled under their right to privacy not to have their testimony videotaped for public viewing . The Supreme Court cited the potential harassment of the witnesses if their testimony is shown . The harassment argument also is being made about the signers of the petition in Washington state on gay marriage , who claim the right to have their names removed from public view .  That case admittedly , is more complicated , as petition signing has attributes of voting , where one 's vote is private . The difference in the privacy rights afforded gay couples and those who worked to ban gay marriage is obvious . The opponents are people who chose to involve themselves in a public debate , to enter the public square . Indeed , my domestic partner and I were stopped at an intersection in San Diego in the run-up to Proposition 8 and were bombarded with placard-waiving , Proposition 8-supporting protesters , their signs condemning gay people as deviants .  Those are the kind of folks I would rather simply inform , if asked , that I am married rather than in a "  domestic partnership " and thus avoid their scorn and preserve my privacy , defined by Justice Louis Brandeis as the "  right to be let alone . " Gay couples , on the other hand , did not choose to be gay or have society prevent them from enjoying equal marriage rights , forcing them to self-identify when they are asked whether they are married . As a litigator , I know that televising a trial can indeed create a circus atmosphere if it is not carefully controlled . On the other hand , filtering what goes on in a courtroom through the printed word only deprives people of the opportunity to see what really goes on -- to judge demeanor and motive , which will be especially important in understanding the testimony of the Proposition 8 supporters . The judge in the trial of Proposition 8 appeared to strike a balance , to avoid a circus , by allowing only delayed videotape access to coverage of the trial . The Supreme Court disagreed . In the first privacy ruling in the California gay marriage case , the Supreme Court declared itself in favor of privacy for opponents of gay marriage . When the case comes back to it on the merits , as it surely will , let 's hope that other privacy issue , as well as the equal protection issue , finds similar support . In the meantime , my domestic partner and I each look forward this spring to answering the question "  Are you married ? " with a simple "  yes . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher Wolf .	Gay weddings start today in D.C. , as high court declined to block them But , lawyer says , Supreme Court also moved to protect gay-marriage foes ' privacy Gays must reveal orientation when asked if they 're married , Christopher Wolf says Wolf : Court challenges show gap in privacy protection granted gays and opponents
The fate of Syria 's Western-backed opposition hangs on a knife edge in the northern part of the war-torn country -- and with radical Sunni militants and regime forces closing in on them from all sides , time may be running out . At least six villages north of Syria 's largest city of Aleppo fell Wednesday to militants from ISIS , according to AFP . The jihadist group has seized large swathes of land in Iraq and consolidated control over considerable territory in northeastern Syria in the past year . ISIS fighters are now just 30 miles from the rebel-controlled northern suburbs of Aleppo and within striking distance of key opposition positions leading to the Turkish border . The situation for the opposition may be even worse inside Aleppo city , where forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad are gaining ground after a brutal months-long campaign against opposition forces . With the radical Sunni fighters bearing down on them from the north , and troops loyal to President Assad retaking Aleppo neighborhood by neighborhood from the south and west , Syria 's beleaguered rebels are facing an existential threat . Since November 2013 , the Syrian government has executed a concerted offensive on opposition-controlled areas of Aleppo city . Intensive and horrifically destructive barrel bombs have flattened the urban environment in which opposition insurgents had thrived , and forced thousands of civilians to flee . The military has followed air bombardment with methodical but effective ground incursions that , over time , have enabled it to re-capture territory and force a rebel retreat to the city 's northern districts . As such , the opposition is now in its weakest position in Aleppo city since mid-2012 . ISIS burst onto the scene in Syria in April 2013 and by December it had successfully established an expansive territorial presence across northern Syria , including in Aleppo governorate . But a sustained rebel offensive in January of this year forced ISIS to withdraw from the northwestern governorates of Latakia and Idlib and much of Aleppo , with the exception of three main towns in Aleppo 's northeast : Al-Bab , Manbij and Jarablus . The rebels in Aleppo fighting to topple Assad and beat back ISIS ' advance have long been a melting pot of different groups , including various Free Syrian Army  FSA  units , the al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra , and the Islamic Front  IF  . While core moderate FSA-linked factions benefitted from an influx of Western support in late 2013 to facilitate their anti-ISIS offensive in January , this support has since dwindled . A principal Aleppo-based beneficiary of this support , Jaish al-Mujahideen , has since become a shadow of its former self . The U.S. has leaned heavily on Gulf states to reduce their support of Islamist and Salafist groups in Syria , which has damaged the IF 's capacity to operate as a unified and effective coalition . In Aleppo specifically , IF 's main group , Liwa al-Tawhid , has also suffered from debilitating internal divisions and defections . At the same time , the Assad regime 's advances in Aleppo city and elsewhere have induced Jabhat al-Nusra -- a long-time ally of Syria 's opposition , until recently -- to shift much of its resources west into Idlib governorate . As such , the principal defenders of areas of Aleppo still under opposition control today are a wide array of moderate FSA factions , some of whom still receive limited military support from the West , and members of the fading IF , most of whom are from the Aleppo area . These groups have borne the brunt of fighting ISIS while also facing a sustained Syrian military assault . Both of these offensives have combined to leave Aleppo critically vulnerable . But although regime advances in Aleppo city are extremely significant , the most immediate threat comes from ISIS and its rapid advance north of the city . Controlling Dabiq , one of the villages that AFP reported was seized Wednesday , is already extremely symbolic for ISIS , whose official magazine is named after the town for its role in the hadith -- the teachings , deeds , and sayings of the Prophet Mohammed -- as the site of a major battle before the end of the world . Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , who founded ISIS ' precursor group , once said the capture of Dabiq would represent the first step towards conquering "  Constantinople " and "  Rome . " With those villages in hand , ISIS now seems likely to move forward on two primary fronts -- northwest towards Sawran and eventually Azaz and southwest to Liwa al-Tawhid 's stronghold in Marea . If ISIS moves on Sawran and then captured Azaz , it will cut rebels off from a critical supply line into Turkey via Bab al-Salamah and could arguably spell the end for an effective opposition in Aleppo . Losing Marea to ISIS would prove a crippling blow for Liwa al-Tawhid , whose founder and former leader Abdulqader Saleh was from the town . It would likely enable ISIS to continue towards Anadan and Hreitan , immediately north of opposition-controlled districts of Aleppo city , and cut off any remaining rebel forces there . Eventually , this would also open a route towards the former ISIS towns of Darat Izza and Al-Dana to the west in Idlib governorate , where ISIS could threaten what would then be the last remaining border crossing with Turkey at Bab al-Hawa . Late on Wednesday , while mosques in Marea issued calls for a general mobilization to defend against the expected ISIS assault , civilians and rebels stockpiled food and supplies in the case of a siege , according to people I spoke to in the town . What will ISIS do if , as now seems inevitable , it captures these towns ? The group has named their Aleppo offensive "  Operation Revenge for the Women 's Purity , " a reference to allegations made by ISIS fighters that opposition groups had kidnapped and raped their wives during the anti-ISIS push in January . Such accusations would therefore seem likely to engender brutal acts of ISIS retribution in the coming days . There 's no escaping the fact that the opposition 's prospects in Aleppo look grim . While a 9-month-old U.S.-led strategy of uniting and arming core elements of the moderate opposition has demonstrated success in Idlib , it is far from certain that Aleppo can be saved . Moreover , if ISIS was eventually to succeed in threatening , or worse cutting off , both the Bab al-Salamah and Bab al-Hawa crossings with Turkey , the sustainability of a powerful moderate opposition in northern Syria would face an existential threat . The fate of Aleppo in the coming days , therefore , carries with it the future of Syria 's military opposition in its fight against the Assad regime and an ever-expanding ISIS .	ISIS fighters reportedly seize villages just 30 miles from Aleppo , Syria 's largest city Rebels fighting to topple Assad surrounded by ISIS on one side , and regime forces on the other Charles Lister says beleaguered Syrian opposition in Aleppo faces being wiped out
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and visiting Russian President Dmitry Medvedev pledged cooperation on stronger economic ties Thursday , announcing a deal for Russia to again accept U.S. poultry exports and touting U.S. support for Russia 's bid to join the World Trade Organization . During a busy day that included White House talks , a joint news conference and participation in a U.S.-Russia business council meeting , the two presidents repeatedly cited strengthening relations between their countries after what Obama called a "  drift " under the previous administration . Faced with the continuing struggle to recover from the global economic recession , nuclear ambitions of Iran and North Korea , terrorism threats and other major issues , Obama and Medvedev said the world needed a strong U.S.-Russian relationship in the 21st century . Obama called Medvedev a "  solid and reliable partner " and repeated his commitment to "  resetting , but also broadening " ties , while Medvedev called for a "  level of economic cooperation in line with the potential " of the two nations ' economies . "  We want this volume to grow " with each country investing in the other , Medvedev said . "  It 's not a one-way road . " Obama called for accelerated talks on Russia 's membership in the WTO , a goal of the former communist country in its efforts to fully join the global economy . He noted agreements announced Thursday on energy technology trade and the readmittance of U.S. poultry exports to Russia as signals of Russia 's serious intent to become a WTO member . However , Obama offered no estimate of when the country would join the 153-nation group that sets rules for international trade . Russia currently is an observer nation . Medvedev noted that Russia has made progress on preparing for membership including necessary changes in Russian laws and steps on issues such as electronic property . He said some "  minor technical problems " remain , and he hoped they would be resolved by the end of September . Russia was a major importer of U.S. poultry but banned the product earlier this year in a dispute over the safety of a chlorine rinse used in the United States . On other issues , the two presidents acknowledged they had differences over the situation in Georgia , the former Soviet state seeking NATO membership that disputes the autonomy claim of Russian-backed South Ossetia . However , Medvedev said Russia backed the U.S. goal of a stable Afghanistan , saying that helping to build a secure government and economic growth there would prevent the kind of military quagmire the Soviets experienced in the 1980s . Earlier , the two leaders were joined in a meeting at the White House by Vice President Joe Biden , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , national security adviser James Jones , and trade and diplomatic officials . Obama then treated Medvedev to an all-American lunch at what apparently is one of his favorite spots -- Ray 's Hell Burger in Arlington , Virginia . Each president had a burger and they shared fries , with Obama paying the bill . Medvedev later joked that the meal might not be healthy , but it tasted good . Last year , Obama made another unscheduled lunch stop at the restaurant with Biden . Medvedev took a technology tour of California a day earlier , visiting Cisco Systems for the company 's announcement of a $ 1 billion investment in Russian projects . He sent his first Twitter message after the meeting . On Thursday , Obama joked that he also had a Twitter account , "  so we may be able to throw away those red phones that have been sitting around for so long . " The red phone is an icon of the Cold War that was first established after the Cuban Missile Crisis . It served as a direct line between the White House and the Kremlin in the event of a nuclear confrontation that required immediate consultation . CNN 's White House Correspondent Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama announces Russia will allow U.S. poultry imports again NEW : Leaders tout Russia 's bid to join World Trade Organization Obama treats visiting Russian president to lunch on busy day of talks Vice President Joe Biden , Secretary of State Clinton , other officials join Obama-Medvedev meeting
President Barack Obama still has a long way to go to secure congressional authorization for military action against Syria even after clearing a key hurdle in the Senate . According to CNN , there are 18 "  no " votes in the Senate and 24 "  yes . " Fifty-eight senators -- almost the same number of votes needed to overcome any filibuster -- remain undecided . After changing an Obama-sponsored proposal authorizing a military response to alleged chemical weapons use by Syria , the Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted on Wednesday to approve it by a 10-7 margin . The outcome set up debate next week in the full chamber . CNN vote count : How the Senate will vote | House Three Republicans -- Sen. John McCain of Arizona , Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona and Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee -- voted in favor of taking action . And that 's where the good news ends for the White House . Obama needs at least 217 votes in the House to secure his resolution . In that chamber , there are nearly four "  no " votes for every "  yes " at the moment . According to CNN 's count , 109 members plan to vote "  no , " while 23 -- including a number of high profile Republicans -- plan to back it . More than 280 representatives remain undecided . Of concern to the administration is a trend showing an increase in "  no " votes , although lawmakers remain out of town until next week and many have yet to receive classified briefings where the administration says it can spell out more evidence and more candidly answer questions . Rep. Mike McCaul , chairman of the House Homeland Security committee , Rep. Bob Gibbs and Rep. Cynthia Lummis are among those who have come out against the plan . Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , a Florida Republican , signaled through a spokesman on Wednesday that she was planning to vote "  yes . " But the same official said on Thursday that she wanted to first see the resolution language and was now undecided . Those decisions put those lawmakers at odds with their leadership since House Speaker John Boehner and Majority Leader Eric Cantor have backed Obama . Boehner has said it is up to the White House to get the votes . House Democrats , too , have reservations about Syria . Many , especially liberals , cite war weariness and prolonged intervention in Iraq and Afghanistan as reasons to oppose new military action . Others want to hear more details in classified meetings or see resolution language , which in the Senate would limit any strike , set a time limit for action , and prohibit the use of American troops in Syria . "  After 6,668 American troop deaths and tens of thousands of American wounded , after spending $ 2 trillion in Iraq and Afghanistan representing $ 40,000 in debt for every American family , now is the time to nation-build in America and invest in the growth of the American economy , " New York Rep. Brian Higgins , a Democrat , said in a statement to CNN . Despite the vocal opposition in Congress , Obama remained confident he 'd get the necessary support . "  I believe Congress will approve it because I think America recognizes that as difficult as it is to take any military action and even one as limited as we are talking about , even one without boots on the ground , that 's a sober decision , " he said at a news conference on Wednesday in Sweden .	Most senators undecided on how they 'll vote on Syria In the House , there are nearly four "  no " votes for every member voting "  yes " Despite House GOP leadership 's call for approval , not a done deal among rank and file House Dems also a trouble spot for Obama , who is calling for limited action
Mexico City  CNN  -- Headlines heralding violent news of Mexico 's drug war splash across the front pages of the country 's newspapers . Government tallies list more than 34,600 deaths since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 . But many stories behind the statistics are never told , Mexican journalist Marcela Turati Munoz told CNN en Español . "  More of a voice has been given to the violent people ; more of a voice has been given to the drug traffickers , and the victims really have not spoken , " Turati said . Through stories in her new book , "  Fuego Cruzado " -- Spanish for "  Crossfire " -- Turati said she hopes long-overlooked victims finally will be heard . Turati conducted interviews in 10 Mexican states while researching the book , which hits shelves Tuesday . In one chapter , she describes a woman , Nicole Polito Malaga , who keeps an altar to honor her three fallen children inside her wood hut . They were among 24 construction workers whose bodies were found in a forest in the Mexican state of Veracruz in 2008 . "  We do not want their memory to be stained . They were not involved with drugs . They were poor , humble people , " she says . A wife describes her family 's collapse after her husband disappeared . A pathologist explains what goes through his mind when he examines a decapitated head . Other stories are told in Turati 's voice , like that of 10 children killed by an explosion in Durango state while on their way to receive "  Opportunities " scholarships from the government . Unable to afford coffins , their families shrouded them in blankets , she writes . In another chapter , "  No place for the children , " Turati takes readers to an interrogation room inside a Laredo , Texas , police station , where a Mexican teenager tells authorities about the first time he killed -- when he was 13 years old . "  I thought I was Superman , " Rosalio Reta says . "  I loved doing it , killing that first person . Then they tried to take my gun , but it was like taking candy from a kid . " Turati said she hopes the stories in the book will not only "  make victims visible " but encourage others to act . "  We still have time to see what is happening , reflect on what happened before and think about what type of society we are forming , with so much suffering , so much pain and so many losses , " she said . CNN 's Mario Gonzalez contributed to this report .	"  Fuego Cruzado " -- Spanish for "  Crossfire " -- hits shelves Tuesday Journalist Marcela Turati Munoz says she conducted interviews in 10 Mexican states "  The victims really have not spoken , " she says Government tallies say more than 34,600 have died in drug war since 2006
CNN  -- Interested in a lunch-hour swim , free from the office , in a big open-air pool with warm sand between your toes , palm trees swaying in the breeze and a cool drink close at hand ? If the answer 's yes , consider Brisbane , Australia , one of the world 's most livable cities , according to a 2014 Monocle Magazine index . Unique among Australia 's major cities , sunny Brisbane has a beach right on the doorstep of its central business district . Its setting is South Bank , the lively entertainment and cultural precinct that -- as the name implies -- sits on the south bank of the Brisbane River . This is where the city comes for recreation and entertainment , to eat and drink at casual riverside restaurants and bars , listen to impromptu music shows , ride a giant Ferris wheel , check out street artists and nighttime light shows , take in a formal concert at the performing arts center and visit art galleries and the state museum and library . G20 weekend Apart from being the favorite of city workers , students and families , South Bank is also the main venue for the biggest event Brisbane has hosted in years : the G20 Leaders ' Summit gathering of global political and business leaders in mid-November that will see 4,000 delegates and 3,000 journalists pour into the city . Along with U.S. President Barack Obama , world leaders including China 's Xi Jinping , India 's Narendra Modi , Japan 's Shinzo Abe , Indonesia 's Joko Widodo , UK 's David Cameron , Germany 's Angela Merkel and Russia 's Vladimir Putin are scheduled to join Australia Prime Minister Tony Abbott on stage at South Bank 's Brisbane Convention and Exhibition Centre for the G20 Leaders ' Summit on November 15-16 . "  For those few days in November , Brisbane will be the capital of the world , " Brisbane Lord Mayor Graham Quirk tells CNN . South Bank All those politicians , business people and journalists have got to eat , drink and get happy at the end of their deliberations . In Brisbane they 'll find plenty of places . Within South Bank itself , the Gallery of Modern Art Restaurant  Stanley Place , Cultural Precinct , South Bank ; +61 7 3840 7303  is normally one of the best lunch venues . Along with other institutions in the cultural precinct , the Queensland Art Gallery and Gallery of Modern Art will be closed on November 14 , 15 and 16 during the G20 Leaders ' Summit . For dinner it 's hard to beat Stokehouse Brisbane  on the river at South Bank on Sidon Street ; +61 7 3020 0600  , near the maritime museum at the other end of South Bank . Next door to the convention center on Grey Street is one of the city 's liveliest new beer outlets , The Charming Squire  133 Grey St. , South Brisbane ; +61 7 3077 7254  . Two other great spots in South Bank are The Sangria Bar  Shop B12 Little Stanley Street , South Bank , Brisbane ; +61 7 3846 1201  , rated this year 's "  Best Bar with Food " by the Brisbane Times Good Food Guide , and Bacchus  corner of Grey and Glenelg Streets , South Bank ; +61 7 3364 0837  , rated the restaurant with this year 's best wine list . Central Business District Across the river in the CBD , there 's no shortage of high-end diners , led by chef Ryan Squire 's brilliant Esquire  145 Eagle St , , Brisbane ; +61 07 3220 2123  . According to the restaurant , "  the degustation menu evolves daily , driven by the availability of the best local produce that day and hand picked by the team of skilled craftsmen , the chefs , who work swiftly in the kitchen . " Other ca n't - miss choices include the highly creative Alejandro Cancino 's Urbane  181 Mary St. , Brisbane ; +61 07 3229 2271  and the classy Aria Brisbane  1 Eagle St. , Brisbane ; +61 7 3233 2555  , the northern edition of celebrity chef Matt Moran 's original Aria in Sydney . Power brokers on a modest budget find Moo Moo  Stamford Plaza , 39 Edward St. , Brisbane ; +61 7 3236 4500  , near where President Obama and his team are expected to stay , delivers the goods . One of the city 's best-loved seafood restaurants is Gambaro 's  33 Caxton St. , Petrie Terrace , Brisbane ; +61 7 3369 9500  . The restaurant site has been completely rebuilt and now includes a Gambaro 's Hotel . Across the road , the family that owns Gambaro 's has added steak to its repertoire , with the smart new Black Hide Steakhouse  36 Caxton St. , Petrie Terrace , Brisbane ; +61 7 3369 9500  winning accolades for the quality of its cuts . West End and Fortitude Valley Beyond South Bank and the CBD , some of the city 's best cafes , bars and clubs are found in West End and Fortitude Valley , locales that come alive at night . Gordita Bar & Restaurant  11b/100 McLachlan St. , Fortitude Valley , Brisbane ; +61 7 3666 0605  is a Valley favorite serving "  wholesome Southern Spanish food along with a wine list so fat with artisanal wines from around the world you can practically feel it groaning in your hands . " For Asian noodles of any description , Kwan Brothers  43 Alfred St. , Fortitude Valley , Brisbane ; +61 7 3251 6588  is the obvious choice . Craft beers are the call at Yard Bird Ale House  6/24 Martin St. , Fortitude Valley , Brisbane ; +61 7 3852 6413  and Archive Beer Boutique  100 Boundary St. , West End , Brisbane ; +61 7 3844 3419  . Away from the city When it 's time for sun , a city-side alternative to South Bank is the City Botanic Gardens , which link government buildings and a Queensland University of Technology campus with the city proper . Getting around on foot or bicycle is easy . Buses operate from a couple of key points in the city , including below the Queen Street Mall , from the Brisbane Transit Centre on Roma Street and from South Bank 's bus center . Depending on where you 're headed , the ferries plying across and along the Brisbane River make for a pleasant journey . Brisbane is the gateway to two well-known tourist destinations : the glitzy Gold Coast an hour to the south , with its multiple theme parks , canals , long stretches of beach , high-rise apartments , casinos and shopping malls ; and the Sunshine Coast an hour to the north , a more casual and less developed array of canals and beaches , with chic Noosa at its northernmost tip regarded as the best place to stay . Two secret natural jewels can be found east of Brisbane , among the islands of Moreton Bay that shield the river mouth from the big swells of the Pacific Ocean . One is Tangalooma on Moreton Island , a 75-minute ferry ride from Brisbane 's Holt Street Wharf at Pinkenba , the other is Point Lookout on North Stradbroke Island , about 60 minutes from the Brisbane suburb of Cleveland by water taxi or vehicular ferry , then island bus . Tangalooma offers whale watching from June until late November and the chance to feed dolphins in the wild . Point Lookout not only is one of the best whale-watching spots on the Australian east coast , it 's home to a magic surf break that just keeps on delivering wave after wave .	Brisbane , Australia , is one of the world 's most livable cities , according to Monocle Unique among Australia 's major cities , sunny Brisbane has a beach near its central business district South Bank is an area for culture and international eateries In the central business district there 's no shortage of high-end diners
CNN  -- Shia LaBeouf is finally telling the full story of how he got arrested at a Broadway production of "  Cabaret , " and it 's worth every minute . On "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " on Monday , the actor recounted one of the low points of what 's been a rough year : In June , he was arrested for "  refusing to leave a theatrical performance when asked , for creating unreasonable noise and using obscene language outside of Studio 54 , and for spitting at a police officer at the Midtown North police precinct . " That 's not at all funny , but somehow LaBeouf was able to turn what he 's admitted was a "  scary " moment into a winding tale with some levity . Shia LaBeouf explains Shia LaBeouf Since his arrest , LaBeouf has agreed to a plea deal that includes the stipulation he continue to receive treatment for alcohol addiction .	Shia LaBeouf turned his Broadway arrest story into a lighthearted tale He appeared on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " on Monday The actor was arrested in June
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal will return to Davis Cup action for the first time since 2009 next month , when he leads Spain in its world group first-round clash against Belgium . It will be the first time the 24-year-old has played in the competition since he was part of the Spanish side that beat the Czech Republic in the final two years ago . The tie , which takes place in the Belgian town of Charleroi from March 4-6 , will also be Nadal 's first competitive match since he sustained a wrist injury in his Australian Open quarterfinal loss to compatriot David Ferrer . The Mallorcan was named in the Spanish squad alongside world number 6 Ferrer , number nine Fernando Verdasco and 41-ranked Feliciano Lopez by team captain Albert Costa at a press conference in Alicante on Friday . "  Having the world number one and best sportsman of 2010 brings a winning spirit and stability to the team , " Costa told the official ATP Tour website . "  After the small injury he had in Australia he has done what he needed to do to be able to return to training . His training is progressing , and when he joins our training camp he 'll be in perfect condition , " the former world number six added . Nine-time grand slam champion Nadal has an impressive 14-1 win-loss record in Davis Cup singles play and was also part of the team who claimed victory in the event in 2004 . He will travel to Belgium on February 27 to prepare with his teammates ahead of the fourth meeting of the two European countries in the event . Meanwhile , United States captain Jim Courier has named number eight Andy Roddick as part of a five-man squad who will face Chile in their first round tie . Like Nadal , 2003 U.S. Open champion 's last appearance came in 2009 when the side faced Switzerland in the opening round of the world group . But Roddick , 28 -- who is the second best all-time player in U.S. Davis Cup history with 31 singles wins -- now looks likely to make his comeback in the event when the Americans travel to Santiago in March . For his first tie in charge of the U.S. , Courier also named John Isner , Sam Querrey and doubles specialists Bob and Mike Bryan . The former world number one can change as many as two players before he must submit his final four-man line up ahead of the draw ceremony on Thursday March 3 .	Rafael Nadal is named in Spain 's Davis Cup squad by captain Albert Costa World No. 1 is expected to have recovered from wrist injury to play Belgium in March First time 24-year-old will have played in team event since winning it in 2009 World No. 8 Roddick returns to U.S. team under new captain Jim Courier
CNN  -- About 200 Utah educators spent part of their holiday vacation in class themselves -- learning how to handle a gun . Those who attended the free , specially tailored concealed carry permit session near Salt Lake City included school secretaries , substitutes and full-time teachers . Whether they were committed to bringing a gun into school or simply giving themselves the option , they were united in their desire to learn more . "  I 'm not really sure where I want to go with this , but I certainly think its good to be educated , " said Marguerita Davilla-Telck , the financial secretary at Matheson Junior High School in Magna . "  I know we have had concealed weapons in the building , and I know it made me feel safer . " The idea of a Utah teacher having a loaded weapon in class is n't new , nor is it illegal . Still , Thursday 's class received attention in the wake of this month 's massacre at a Connecticut elementary school , as well as National Rifle Association CEO Wayne LaPierre pitch that his advocacy organization can help facilitate the arming of more educators . Mostly Democratic politicians , teacher 's groups and mayors -- including New York 's Michael Bloomberg , Boston 's Thomas Menino and Philadelphia 's Michael Nutter -- have blasted this proposal . For them , the focus policywise should be ensuring there are n't firearms in schools , not bringing more of them in . NRA president clarifies group 's stance on weapons in schools "  Guns have no place in our schools . Period , " Dennis Van Roekel and Randi Weingarten , the presidents of the two biggest U.S. teachers ' unions , said in a joint statement . "  We must do everything we can to reduce the possibility of any gunfire in schools , and concentrate on ways to keep all guns off school property and ensure the safety of children and school employees . But to Clark Aposhian -- president of the Utah Shooting Sports Council , which ran Thursday 's event in West Valley City -- it 's a matter of giving teachers , school administrators , janitors and others the same rights , when licensed , to carry a concealed weapon in their place of work as others have . "  What we 're talking about is not arming teachers , " he said , contending that the approach of locking doors and hiding behind a desk "  just is n't doing it anymore . " "  We 're simply not taking away that ability of lawful self-defense within a school . " For 12 years , Utah educators have been able to do just that , even if only a small fraction do bring guns into their workplace . The state 's concealed weapon law allows for a person to have , on his person or in a secure lockbox , a weapon inside a school , Aposhian said . If they do have a loaded gun , their principals , school districts , and local police departments would n't even know , given the restrictions in place limiting who is told about who has a concealed weapons permit . Opinion : Teachers with guns a crazy idea Aposhian told CNN that , since this law took effect , there have been no accidents or incidents involving educators ' firearms in Utah schools , nor have there been school shootings in the state . The aim of Thursday 's six-hour training sessions is n't to make educators into commandos roaming the halls to engage in shootouts with school shooters , he said . Rather , it 's to give them one more option -- should the lockdown policies fail , law enforcement officers do n't arrive on time , and a gunman makes his way into their room . "  When that shooter gets into the classroom , the teacher does n't need to do a lot of tactical training to access and engage a firearm , " said Aposhian , who is an instructor at Thursday 's session . "  Point it at the shooter ,  who  is probably going to be 5 to 10 feet away , and press the trigger -- thereby alleviating that option of jumping in front of the kids to soak up the bullets . " Teri Binkerd , a Spanish and stagecraft teacher at Viewmont High School , said she will do everything she can to protect her students . And she does n't want to regret not having done everything she can , should a gunman enter her school . "  I 'm here because I do n't want to be a statistic , and I do n't want to lose any of my kids , " she said in between sessions Thursday , adding that several parents have asked her if she 'd consider carrying a gun during school . "  If somebody is coming after my kids , they 're going down and going down hard . " Binkerd was among the roughly 200 who went to the class Thursday , which had only been announced a few days earlier , a response that Aposhian described as "  overwhelming . " They were taught things like how to handle and secure their firearm , plus applicable laws -- a class that , except for one hour devoted to what to do in school shooting scenarios , any other qualified Utahan could take . "  This is nothing new for Utah , " Aposhian said . "  You just have n't heard of it before . " Some in attendance Thursday were on the fence about whether they 'd personally bring a weapon to school . Still , there was a widely shared sentiment that school would be safer if more trusted educators , beyond an armed guard standing watch at the front door , had guns . "  The sooner these gunmen ... face opposition , the sooner the carnage will stop , " said Dustin "  Spanky " Ward , an independent filmmaker who substitutes in Salt Lake City 's Granite School District . "  If I was a parent , I 'd be OK with it as long as the people carrying the weapons were prepared , responsible and knew what they were doing . " Opinion : Look to MADD in changing our gun culture Journalist Dan Nestel contributed to this report .	NEW : Not all at class say they 'll bring in a gun , but they support having armed teachers Those in the free , concealed weapons class learned about laws , safety and more Critics have ripped the NRA 's proposal to facilitating have more armed people in schools But some Utah teachers have been able to carry concealed weapons in class for years
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Katherine Jackson 's legal battle for some control of her son 's estate returns to court Monday in front of the same judge who is expected to award her permanent guardianship of Michael Jackson 's children . Katherine Jackson has accused the executors of her son 's estate of "  keeping her in the dark . " Dozens of lawyers are expected to pack a Los Angeles courtroom where a judge will consider the Jackson family matriarch 's challenge of the lawyer and former music executive who were named as executors in Michael Jackson 's will . Katherine Jackson 's lawyers filed a petition last week accusing the men who now control the estate of being "  intent on keeping her in the dark " about deals they 've made or are negotiating . Londell McMillan , Jackson 's lead attorney , raised questions about "  a suspicious circle of relationships " involving John Branca , the singer 's longtime personal attorney , and John McClain , a music industry executive and longtime friend . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff gave Branca and McClain temporary control of the estate until Monday 's hearing . Katherine Jackson is asking the judge to order Branca , McClain and others to answer questions under oath about their business agreements to determine if they are "  fit and able " to administer the estate . The men also were served with a 19-page demand for documents . Branca has refused to let Katherine Jackson see Michael Jackson 's contracts with AEG -- the company that was organizing and promoting his planned concerts -- unless she agrees to keep them confidential . Branca 's lawyer argued in a court filing that he has no choice , since the contracts have a provision requiring confidentiality . Branca 's lawyers also argued that Jackson 's demand for documents was too broad and burdensome . "  Such measures will not be necessary if Mrs. Jackson is appointed a co-executor of the estate , " McMillan said . McMillan , in an interview with CBS Thursday , estimated the Jackson estate was worth $ 2 billion , while the executors have estimated in court that its value is around $ 500 million . The will written in 2002 places all of Michael Jackson 's assets into a family trust benefiting his mother , his three children and unnamed charities . Judge Beckloff will consider at Monday 's hearing who will have permanent control of the estate . The judge is also expected Monday to finalize Katherine Jackson 's guardianship of her son 's three children . An agreement between Jackson and Debbie Rowe , the mother of the two oldest children , cleared the way for an uncontested custody hearing . Rowe , who was briefly married to Michael Jackson , agreed not to fight for custody in exchange for visits with the children as recommended by a psychologist . The agreement does not involve any financial payments to Rowe "  apart from the continuation of spousal support payments " that Michael Jackson personally agreed to make to Rowe after their divorce , their lawyers said in a joint statement . Jackson 's children have been living with their paternal grandmother at her Encino , California , home since their father 's death . The oldest child -- Michael Joseph Jackson Jr. -- was born in February 1997 . A daughter -- Paris-Michael Katherine Jackson -- was born the next year . Details of how the children were conceived -- and who was the biological father -- have been closely guarded amid much public speculation . The couple divorced in 1999 with Rowe giving Jackson full custody while she got an $ 8.5 million settlement , according to court documents . Jackson later agreed to additional support . Rowe gave up parental rights to Jackson in 2001 , but she changed her mind more than two years later and sought temporary custody of the children . A California appeals court later ruled her rights were improperly terminated , opening the door to a possible custody battle . While the coroner 's report on what killed Michael Jackson has been delayed indefinitely , new evidence emerged that the singer shopped for a doctor who would give him the drug investigators suspect led to his death . Dr. Allan Metzger , whose name appeared on a search warrant served this week , refused Jackson 's request in April for the anesthetic propofol -- commonly known by the brand name Diprivan -- Metzger 's attorney said . Investigators suspect another physician , Dr. Conrad Murray , gave the drug to Jackson in the 24 hours before he died , according to a source , who asked not to be named because the individual was not authorized to speak to the news media . Metzger , who practices in West Hollywood , California , told Jackson during a visit to his Holmby Hills home that the drug was "  dangerous and potentially life-threatening and could not be used outside of a hospital , " attorney Harland Braun said . Metzger 's medical records for Jackson , whom he treated until 2003 , have been given to the coroner , Braun said . He said Metzger prescribed drugs for Jackson under the alias Omar Arnold and Michael Jackson , which was not illegal since he used both names together . The doctor did that because he thought it was "  his duty to protect the privacy " of his patient , Braun said . Omar Arnold is one of 19 aliases listed in the warrant used by Los Angeles police and federal drug agents Tuesday to search the Las Vegas office and home of Murray , a Texas-based cardiologist . The warrant also mentioned Cherilyn Lee , a nurse practitioner who treated Jackson earlier this year . Lee told CNN Jackson begged her for the propofol to help him get a good night 's sleep . She said she refused , telling the pop star that if he took the medicine , he might never wake up . The same warrant , signed by a Las Vegas judge , implied that investigators suspected Jackson was a drug addict . Dr. Deepak Chopra told CNN in a recent interview that when Jackson asked him for a narcotic , he told him absolutely no . "  I said to him , ` Michael , you 're going to die one day from this , ' " Chopra said . During a world tour in the mid - '90s , sources close to Jackson told CNN , the pop star suffered from insomnia and traveled with an anesthesiologist who would "  take him down " at night and then "  bring him back up . " According to a report on a 2004 Santa Barbara police investigation , security guards in Jackson 's inner circle said he traveled the country getting prescriptions from doctors . The Los Angeles County coroner , who must rule on the cause of Jackson 's June 25 death , met Thursday with the Los Angeles District Attorney , who must decide if anyone will be prosecuted for his death . During the meeting , it was decided that an announcement of the coroner 's findings would be delayed indefinitely , according to a source close to the investigation . An official in the coroner 's office had previously indicated to reporters that the findings would be made public within days . CNN 's Randi Kaye contributed to this report .	Katherine Jackson looking for some control of her son 's estate . Lawyers ' petition accuses executors of keeping Katherine Jackson "  in the dark " Jackson wants executors to answer questions about business arrangements
CNN  -- The man tasked with leading the police department in Sanford , Florida , in the wake of the Trayvon Martin killing said communities should "  take a good , hard look at who is selected , " for neighborhood watch programs . But , said Sanford 's interim Police Chief Richard Myers , he still supports the programs . "  Neighborhood watch is at work in literally thousands of neighborhoods across the country and with no problems whatsoever , " Myers told CNN 's Erin Burnett on Tuesday . "  I think the problems emerge from who the person is and perhaps there 's a cause for communities to take a good , hard look at who is selected or who volunteers . "  Let 's not kill the concept because of one bad , really bad outcome . " Myers , a former police chief from Colorado Springs , Colorado , took the post Friday . He said he has plans to help the department that has been under the microscope since the February 26 killing of unarmed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin by neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman . Martin was black ; Zimmerman is Hispanic . "  I 'm here to help the community . There 's a lot of healing that has to take place , " Myers said . "  I 'm here to help the department get some stability . " His predecessor , Bill Lee , stepped aside as chief after a vote of no-confidence by city commissioners in April , clearing the way for Myers . The Martin case drew nationwide protests when Sanford police decided against arresting Zimmerman , who told investigators he killed Martin in self-defense . A special prosecutor assigned to look into Martin 's death ultimately brought second-degree murder charges against the 28-year-old Zimmerman , who has pleaded not guilty and is out on a $ 150,000 bail . Myers , a 35-year law enforcement veteran , acknowledged the Sanford police department needs to rebuild its relationship with African-Americans in the area . "  One of my major goals is to try and strengthen the relationship that Sanford police have with all elements of the community , especially the African-American community , " he said . "  In America today , there still exists a great deal of unresolved tension about race and policing and I have a particular passion for working on those issues and helping to resolve conflict . So whether or not that was a factor in this case , it certainly is a factor in some tension that exists . We 're going to work on that . " Myers began his career in the suburbs of Detroit and Chicago before becoming chief of the Appleton , Wisconsin , police department . After that , he took the reins of the Colorado Springs police department in 2007 . Myers resigned that post in 2011 . Myers is supposed to spend a three - to five-month stint leading the Sanford department , city officials have said .	Richard Myers , a 35-year veteran , is expected to serve for three to five months Sanford police have been under a microscope since the killing of Trayvon Martin Myers wants to strengthen police relationship with the black community
CNN Student News  -- September 16 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Afghanistan • Libya • Mexico Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- From the time she was an 11-year-old , blue-eyed , freckle-faced blonde until she was a 29-year-old woman with two children , Jaycee Dugard was kept locked away in a backyard compound of sheds and tarps by a couple who police say abducted her . Jaycee Dugard was locked in a shed tucked under a blue tarp in her alleged captor 's backyard . She was more than 160 miles from home , and her family had no idea where she was . Nobody else knew she was there except the couple who snatched her off the street in front of her house in South Lake Tahoe , California , in 1991 , and took her straight to the soundproof shed , police said . Dugard 's pocket of Phillip and Nancy Garrido 's backyard in Antioch , California , was so overgrown no one even knew it existed . The details about Dugard 's time in captivity emerged Thursday after one of Northern California 's most enduring mysteries was solved and the Garridos were arrested and accused of her kidnapping . Anyone who came across the couple 's backyard , littered with garbage cans and a dishwasher , would assume that it ended at a 6-foot fence . Watch aerial images of the backyard compound " "  You could walk through the backyard and never know there was another set of living circumstances , " said Fred Kollar , undersheriff of El Dorado County . "  There was nothing that would cause you to question it . You ca n't see it from either adjoining property . It was presumably well arranged . " But tucked away beyond the tangle of bushes , high grass and trees was a blue tarp that concealed the only world Dugard had known since her abduction . Kollar said the property had "  a hidden backyard within a backyard . " It included several sheds no taller than 6 feet , two tents and several outbuildings , "  where Jaycee and the girls spent most of their lives . " It also held a vehicle that matched the description of the car used in Dugard 's kidnapping , Kollar said . The "  secondary " backyard was inside the first and was "  screened from view . " One of the sheds was soundproof , he said . In it were sheds and tarps , a makeshift bathroom and shower , along with electricity supplied by extension cords . Kollar compared the primitive conditions to camping . Dugard lived for several years there by herself . The sheds were locked from the outside . She grew up and had her captor 's children there , and raised them there . "  None of them have ever been to school , they 've never been to a doctor , " Kollar said . "  They were kept in complete isolation in this compound , if you will , at the rear of the house , " he said . "  They were born there . " The children , both girls , are now 15 and 11 . "  They are all in good health , " Kollar said in response to a question about how Dugard and her children are doing . "  But living in a backyard for the last 18 years does take its toll . "	Jaycee Dugard locked in soundproof sheds in alleged captor 's backyard for 18 years Compound of sheds , tarps equipped with makeshift bathroom and shower Dugard also had two children with her captor , gave birth and raised them there Authorities : "  They were kept in complete isolation in this compound "
CNN  -- The wife of Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama told CNN 's Larry King on Wednesday that she is not offended by a much-publicized comment made toward her husband in Tuesday night 's debate . Michelle Obama talks about Williams Ayers , Hillary Clinton and her husband 's campaign on Larry King Live . In the presidential matchup at Belmont University in Nashville , Tennessee , GOP nominee John McCain criticized his Democratic rival for supporting the 2007 Bush-Cheney energy bill . "  It was an energy bill on the floor of the Senate , loaded down with goodies , billions for oil companies , and it was sponsored by Bush and Cheney . ... You know who voted for it ? You might never know . That one , " he said , gesturing toward Obama . "  You know who voted against it ? Me . " When asked whether McCain 's reference to Obama as "  that one " was offensive , Michelle Obama simply said "  No , " adding that the issue has nothing to do with what 's affecting average Americans hurting from the economic downturn . "  I think there are two conversations that have been going on throughout this whole election . There 's the conversation that 's been happening with the pundits ... and then there 's the conversation that 's been happening on the ground , " she said . Watch Michelle Obama talk about McCain 's comment " She said Americans "  right now are scared " and "  nervous about the economy . " "  They do n't care about the back and forth between the candidates . ... They want real answers about how we 're going to fix this economy and get the health care benefits on track so , you know , this is part of politics , " she added . King asked Obama about the McCain camp bringing up her husband 's ties to William Ayers . Ayers was a founding member of the Weather Underground , a 1960s radical group known for bombings of police stations , the Pentagon and the U.S. Capitol . Fact Check : Is Obama ` palling around with terrorists ' ? Ayers is a university professor who lives on the South Side of Chicago , where Obama cut his political teeth . Michelle Obama said her husband served on a Chicago education board with Ayers . "  I do n't know anyone in Chicago who is heavily involved in education policy who does n't know Bill Ayers , " she said . "  But , you know , again I go back to the point that , you know , the American people are n't asking these questions . " "  You do n't think it affects the campaign ? " King asked . "  You know , I think that we 've been in this for 20 months and people have gotten to know Barack . He 's written a book , books have been written about him . He , like all of the other candidates have been thoroughly vetted . And I think people know Barack Obama . Watch Michelle Obama discuss William Ayers " "  They know his heart , they know his spirit , and the thing that I just encourage people is to judge Barack and judge all of these candidates based on what they do , their actions , their character , what they do in their lives rather than what somebody -LSB- else -RSB- did when they were 8 . " Michelle Obama was referring to the fact that Ayers allegedly committed his most radical acts when Barack Obama was a child . McCain 's running mate , Gov. Sarah Palin , has lobbed some intense attacks on Barack Obama over the Ayers issue . "  Our opponent is someone who sees America as imperfect enough to pal around with terrorists who targeted their own country , " Palin told a crowd of supporters this week . King played the clip and asked Michelle Obama if that statement made her "  mad . " Obama replied , "  I do n't watch it . " "  What do you make of her running for a vice president and having many kids and being a good parent and bouncing all the balls ? " King asked . "  I think she provides an excellent of example of all the different roles that women can and should play , " Michelle Obama responded . "  I 'm a mother with kids and I 've had a career and I 've had to juggle . She 's doing publicly what so many women are doing on their own privately . What we 're fighting for is to make sure that all women have the choices that Sarah Palin and I have . " At one point , King asked her if her husband likes McCain . "  Do these two candidates , as has been reported , not like each other ? " King asked . "  I can only speak for Barack , and I know that Barack has the utmost respect for Sen. McCain . He said so on so many occasions , " she said . "  I think this has been a long , tough fight . And politics sometimes leads to things said between the candidates . But again , what we found is that people are really focused on who is going to -- who has got the vision that 's going to take us to the next level ? " She said campaigning is exhausting but she likes it more than she expected . "  When I 'm tired , I get more energy coming out of a rally where I get the -- get hugs and I see people on the rope lines tearing up because they never thought they 'd see this moment , " she said . "  I see kids who are focused and engaged in a way that I 've never seen before . That gives us both energy . " Obama also talked about Sen. Hillary Clinton . "  Are you happy with the way she 's supporting your husband ? " King asked . "  She has been phenomenal . ... She has always been just cordial and open . I 've called her , I 've talked to her . She 's given me advice about the kids , " Obama said . Watch Michelle Obama call Hillary Clinton ` phenomenal ' " "  We 've talked at length about this kind of stuff -- how you feel , how you react . She has been amazing . She is a real pro and a woman with character . " CNN political producer Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	Michelle Obama talks to Larry King in an interview Wednesday night She responds to her husband being referred to as "  that one " in Tuesday debate Michelle Obama : Americans "  do n't care about the back and forth "
CNN  -- Three sex abuse lawsuits against the man who once voiced "  Sesame Street 's " Elmo character have been dismissed by a federal appeals court . The 2nd Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals made its ruling April 2 in the case of puppeteer Kevin Clash , who resigned from his job after allegations first surfaced in November 2012 . The ruling agrees with a lower court 's decision that the accusers waited too long to file their suits . The appellate court 's decision on the three New York lawsuits does not cover a separate lawsuit , filed in Pennsylvania last year , by Clash 's first public accuser . No resolution of the Pennsylvania case has been announced . CNN 's attempt to contact Clash 's attorney for comment Thursday was n't immediately successful . A district judge had dismissed the New York suits last July , ruling that the statute of limitations -- which requires a filing within six years of the alleged crime or three years after the plaintiffs turned 18 -- had run out . The plaintiffs -- all adult men who said they were courted and seduced by Clash when they were underage teenagers -- appealed , arguing the six-year rule should have applied from 2012 . That , they contended , was the year they realized they 'd been harmed . The appellate court ruled that the lower court properly dismissed the suits "  given that the plaintiffs ' complaints failed to provide any reason why the plaintiffs were unable to discover their injuries prior to 2012 . " Clash provided the high-pitched voice of the iconic furry red Elmo from 1984 until 2012 , when Sheldon Stephens became the first to publicly claim that he had a sexual relationship with Clash as a teen . Stephens called it an "  adult consensual relationship " in November 2012 , but filed the Pennsylvania lawsuit in March 2013 alleging Clash threw a crystal meth sex party for him in 2004 , when he was 16 . Stephens ' attorney was not immediately available for comment Thursday . Clash acknowledged a relationship between "  two consenting adults " when Stephens ' story initially emerged , but he said it otherwise was a "  false and defamatory allegation . " "  I am a gay man , " Clash , 53 , said in a statement in November 2012 . "  I have never been ashamed of this or tried to hide it , but felt it was a personal and private matter . " That month , Clash issued a written statement saying : "  I am resigning from Sesame Workshop with a very heavy heart . I have loved every day of my 28 years working for this exceptional organization . Personal matters have diverted attention away from the important work Sesame Street is doing and I can not allow it to go on any longer . I am deeply sorry to be leaving and am looking forward to resolving these personal matters privately . " Sesame Workshop is the nonprofit educational organization behind "  Sesame Street . " CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report	An appellate court rules statute of limitations had expired The ruling agrees with a lower court 's 2013 decision Accusers alleged former Elmo puppeteer Kevin Clash seduced them as underage teens
CNN  -- The federal government will provide additional aid to Chicago 's efforts to battle gun violence . The Department of Justice will announce Thursday that it will send seven more agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives to join the 45 already stationed in Chicago . In announcing the reinforcements , Attorney General Eric Holder says that his office "  will continue to do everything in its power to help the city of Chicago combat gun violence . These new agents are a sign of the federal government 's ongoing commitment to helping local leaders ensure Chicago 's streets are safe . " The move is among measures that federal and local agencies have taken in a city known for its crime problem , highlighted by an outbreak of shootings during the July Fourth weekend . The Department of Justice points to the cross-state component of gun crime in Chicago as one reason for the federal-local partnership : Sixty percent of the guns seized in Chicago crimes originate from out of state . The coordinated effort involves manpower ; $ 6.6 million in Justice Department funds to address youth violence ; and intelligence , with the Chicago Crime Gun Intelligence Center opening in June . The department has also partnered with grassroots organizations in Chicago to increase community-based crime prevention . 3 killed in Chicago weekend violence Blame weak gun laws for violence , Chicago 's top cop says	Seven more agents will join the 45 already stationed in Chicago , Justice Department says Attorney general : Agency aims to help "  local leaders ensure Chicago 's streets are safe " An outbreak of shootings on the July Fourth weekend highlights the city 's gun crime problem
CNN  -- Former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina finally made it official Wednesday : She 's running for Senate in California . The first woman to lead a Fortune 500 company made the announcement at an event in conservative Orange County , pledging that her focus will be on "  economic recovery and fiscal accountability " "  The decisions made in Washington impact every family and every business , of any size , in America . Throughout my career , I 've brought people together and solved problems , and that is what I plan to do in government : Set aside ego and partisanship and work to develop solutions to our problems , " she told supporters . "  I will not settle for a jobless recovery , and we must start the important work of getting our financial house back in order , " Fiorina added . "  Washington must show discipline to cut spending and create policies that encourage and empower businesses and put people back to work . " Fiorina , considered to be a moderate Republican with little history on social issues , will face off against conservative California Assemblyman Chuck DeVore for the GOP nomination . In a friendly statement Wednesday , DeVore said he looks forward "  to engaging -LSB- her -RSB- on the issues Californians care about . " A recent Field poll suggested that both Fiorina and DeVore polled at about 20 percent , with 60 percent of Republican voters undecided . The ex-Fortune 500 CEO , who left Hewlett-Packard in 2005 with a severance package estimated to be worth between $ 21.5 million and $ 40 million , is expected to enjoy a significant financial advantage over DeVore , who entered October with just $ 144,000 in the bank . The Fiorina-DeVore matchup has all the makings of another Republican battle between the conservative wing of the party and national leaders seeking the most electable candidate . Fiorina has claimed that the National Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee is backing her bid , though an NRSC spokesman said no official endorsement has been made . Still , NRSC Chairman John Cornyn pointed to Fiorina in September as an example of a "  strong female candidate " running as a Republican in 2010 . A string of conservative bloggers have lined up behind DeVore , and South Carolina Sen. Jim DeMint said Tuesday that he was backing the assemblyman . The winner of that race will face three-term Sen. Barbara Boxer in November . Boxer 's favorable rating stood at 48 percent in a recent Field poll , a number that gives Republicans hope she is vulnerable against a well-funded opponent . Boxer is known to be a formidable political opponent , but Fiorina said Wednesday that she 's ready for the challenge . "  After chemothereapy , Barbara Boxer just really is n't that scary any more , especially when you know what to expect , " said Fiorina , who battled breast cancer last spring . "  She has always taken the low road to high office . " Though spending most of her life outside of politics , Fiorina is no stranger to the campaign trail , having served as one of then-Republican presidential candidate John McCain 's chief surrogates in 2008 . Fiorina was eventually sidelined from that campaign after telling an interviewer that she did n't think either member of the GOP presidential ticket was qualified to run a major company . In an election season in which the state 's economic condition is set to dominate the debate , Fiorina is now the second high-profile former CEO running for statewide office in California . Former eBay CEO Meg Whitman announced last month she is running for governor . National Democrats , meanwhile , appear eager to take on Fiorina , who left Hewlett-Packard five years ago amid controversy . "  The hallmark of Carly Fiorina 's résumé is her tenure at Hewlett-Packard , where she laid off 28,000 Americans while shipping jobs overseas , just before taking a $ 21 million golden parachute , " National Senatorial Campaign Committee spokesman Eric Schultz said . "  Given that record , the United States Senate is the last place Carly Fiorina should go next . "	Former Hewlett-Packard CEO was first woman to lead Fortune 500 company She will face off with conservative assemblyman for GOP nomination Recent poll found 60 percent of state 's Republican voters undecided Winner will face incumbent Barbara Boxer in November
Coober Pedy , Australia  CNN  -- Coober Pedy is one of the least accessible towns in Australia -- the place where the old American West meets Mars -- which is probably why it gained a reputation as the place where outlaws went to hide . Situated in the Outback , it is close to nothing : The cities of Adelaide and Alice Springs are respectively nine hours south and eight hours north , and the nearest town -- William Creek , official population three -- takes 3Â 1/2 hours to reach , provided the dirt roads are n't closed due to rain . Here , the earth is red , vegetation bare and temperatures extreme , but none of that stopped Westerners from setting up camp a century ago when they found opal shimmering in the dirt . Lots of opal . So they began digging , in more ways than one . As they mined the earth to discover one of the world 's richest gem deposits , they also discovered why Westerners did n't settle in this barren , desolate region of Australia before : The heat . To battle temperatures that regularly reached above 110 , settlers dug underground dwellings , a practice that continues to this day . In the heat of day , people are nowhere to be found , each hidden in a mine or dugout . One sees why outlaws chose to come here : It 's far from anything , it 's desolate , it 's pockmarked with underground homes , and it offers the possibility of a fresh start and the hope of a fortune . Walking down the town 's main drag today makes one feel like a real-life space cowboy and evokes an episode of "  Firefly . " There 's a reconstructed "  Star Wars " spaceship , underground hotels , a Volkswagon beetle painted like an opal dangling from a store , signs for underground churches , a kangaroo orphanage , a couple of mining museums , underground home tours , and a pizza place that sells pies with toppings like kangaroo , emu sausage , sweet cranberry , asparagus , onions and Camembert . Its residents are known for being eccentric and hearty -- and if some are outlaws , they do n't publicize it much on the street . What they do publicize is the town 's international community , which represents more than 50 countries . There are olive groves for the Italians and Greeks , a Chinese restaurant so Asians can taste home and grocery stores with fare ranging from sweet chili sauce to imported Greek fondant and a whole kangaroo tail , complete with fur . All in a town of 1,900 . Coober Pedy remains a popular tourist destination for those seeking an authentic Outback experience  or who want to see where films like "  Red Planet , " "  Mad Max " and "  Priscilla , Queen of the Desert " were filmed  . Visitors often walk through the graveyard , where several tombstones are decorated with colored lights , and one even has , "  Have a drink on me , " etched into it , with beer and wine bottles resting nearby , free of charge . They board a four-wheel drive mail truck for a 13-hour tour of Outback cattle stations and towns . And , of course , they sit on the hot , dusty earth , shooing away oddly persistent flies as they lose all sense of time searching for opal in the dirt , hoping that the next stone they turn might let them retire early . Outlaws came to Coober Pedy a century ago to find their fortune . Today , the town is an international community of residents united by their commitment to mining one of the world 's most precious gems . Just as the town is home to the kind of diversity found in many cities , the opal that miners find so alluring , seductive , even , is a gem of many colors , with specks of pink , green , blue and red . It 's a singular , unique , precious stone , and like Coober Pedy itself , what makes it so valuable is the rainbow inside . IF YOU GO What to do Outback Mail Run Tour : Guests travel 13 hours with an Australian mail carrier to deliver mail and supplies to five cattle stations  including the largest in Australia  and two towns  including one of the smallest in Australia  . The tour provides a unique opportunity for visitors to experience the vastness of the Australian Outback and to learn about what it 's really like to live there . Sunset , Ghosts and Stars Tour : Run by the Desert Cave Hotel , guests begin this tour by traveling 20 minutes outside town to the Breakaways , a geological formation of jagged hills marking what used to be the shorelines of an ancient ocean , to see the sunset . Once the stars have risen , guests travel back to the Old Cemetery in Coober Pedy , where a guide delights them with ghost stories of the town 's most notable residents . Be sure to ask about Crocodile Harry ! Old Timers Mine Museum : One of Coober Pedy 's most popular destinations , the mine provides visitors with an opportunity to learn about the search for opal and the struggles of Coober Pedy 's earliest miners . As part of the museum , guests have the chance to walk through an old-time dugout as well as a mineshaft . Fossicking : Tourists in Coober Pedy are welcome to dig for their own opal fortune at public fossicking sites in town . Simply sit on the red earth and look for shimmery rocks . Fossicking is free and guests usually find numerous low-quality opals . Ask any resident for directions to the nearest public fossicking site . Getting there By plane : Regional Express operates a two-hour flight from Adelaide to Coober Pedy most days of the week . By train : The Ghan train operates a weekly service from Adelaide or Alice Springs to Manguri Station , 45 minutes outside Coober Pedy ; transportation from the station must be arranged with hotels in advance , as there is no transportation at the station and trains from both cities arrive late at night . By bus : Greyhound offers daily service to Coober Pedy from both Adelaide and Alice Springs . Expect the trip from Adelaide to take 11 hours and the trip from Alice Springs to take eight . By car : Coober Pedy can be reached by car via a nine-hour drive from Adelaide or an eight-hour drive from Alice Springs . Drivers are warned not to drive through the Outback at night , because of the lack of gas stations and the threat of accidents caused by kangaroos ; rain in the Outback may also render roads impassable , and drivers should not expect to have cell phone reception in the desert . Where to stay Desert Cave Hotel : Located in the middle of Coober Pedy 's main street , this is the town 's only four-star hotel . Guests have the option to stay underground or aboveground . Underground rooms have ventilation but no windows . The Underground Motel : Offers underground accommodations to travelers with friendly hospitality . All rooms are underground with natural light and ventilation . Underground Bed and Breakfast : Owners Ana and Ken Male treat their guests to truly authentic Coober Pedy accommodation . Guests stay in underground rooms with a choice of en suite or shared bathrooms . Where to eat John 's Pizza Bar and Restaurant : Awards hang from the walls of John 's , testifying to its reputation for having not only the finest pizza in Coober Pedy but some of the best in Australia . John 's serves up not only traditional pies but also regional specialties like the Malu  smoked kangaroo , tomato sauce , mozzarella cheese , eggplant , marinated tomatoes , roasted peppers , eggplant and olives  and the Coat of Arms  sweet cranberry , mozzarella cheese , Camembert , emu metworst , spinach and smoked kangaroo  . Pasta and sandwiches are also available . Tom and Mary 's Greek Taverna : The place to go for Mediterranean food in the Outback . A favorite of locals and visitors alike , Tom and Mary impress visitors with authentic Greek fare . The restaurant is renowned for its seafood , especially the Saganaki prawns , so do n't be afraid to try some fish in the desert . Also be sure to try some tzatziki -- the yogurt is made from scratch and the herbs are grown in the backyard . Then , with a full stomach , ask for directions to Coober Pedy 's olive grove to continue that Greece-in-Australia experience . Hutchinson Street , Coober Pedy Umberto 's : Located in the Desert Cave Hotel , Umberto 's is Coober Pedy 's finest dining establishment , and is known for its Mod-Oz cuisine , including regional specialties like kangaroo , camel , emu and Australian beef . Italian food is also on the menu . The Pink Roadhouse  Oodnadatta  : Situated in a largely aboriginal town of fewer than 300 people , this combo restaurant , grocery store and post office looms over the town in all its pink , hand-painted-sign splendor . The restaurant is known throughout Australia for its iconic Oodnaburger , which is composed of meat seasoned with secret spices , onion , cheese , egg , bacon , pineapple , lettuce , beetroot and tomato . The Outback Mail Run Tour stops here for lunch . William Creek Hotel  William Creek  : Owned by two of the three permanent residents in South Australia 's tiniest settlement , the William Creek Hotel serves a changing menu of fresh schnitzel , burgers and curries . The walls are covered with photos and business cards from folks who have passed through , and the owners always welcome friendly conversation and questions about what it 's like to live in such rural territory . If visitors are too tired to move after eating , they can stay in one of the pub 's hotel rooms . The Outback Mail Run Tour stops here for dinner .	Coober Pedy is a remote Australian opal-mining town Underground homes and hotels hide residents and visitors from the blistering sun 50 countries are represented in the town of fewer than 2,000 residents
CNN  -- Here are key initiatives from President Barack Obama 's State of the Union address Tuesday night : • Implementation of a minimum tax for multinational companies , which would fund additional tax breaks for companies that create jobs in or move them to the United States . Even bigger breaks for high-tech companies , and financing help for manufacturers locating in economically hard-hit areas . • The creation of a China task force to monitor trade violations . Aggressive inspections to intercept "  counterfeit or unsafe goods " from foreign countries . • Support for partnerships between companies and community colleges to train workers for new careers , all coordinated through a single government program . • Rewards for effective schools , coupled with encouragement to follow their own curricula and methods . State laws that require students to stay in school until graduation or age 18 . Extend college tuition tax credit and double the number of work-study jobs over the next five years . • Beefed-up border protection , combined with a law to create a path for undocumented immigrant students to become legal U.S. citizens . • Tax relief for small businesses that are raising wages and creating good jobs . Regulation reform for small businesses . • Opening of offshore gas and oil fields to exploration and production . Support for domestic natural gas production , with regulations on chemicals used in the extraction process . Passage of clean energy tax credits and an end to subsidies for the fossil fuel industry . Development of enough clean energy on public land to power 3 million homes . Help for manufacturers to reduce energy waste in factories . • Reduction of red tape that delays or halts infrastructure construction projects , funded by money no longer being spent on wars . • Support for a mortgage refinancing program for all "  responsible " homeowners , funded by "  a small fee " on large financial institutions . • Establishment of a financial crimes unit of investigators to crack down on large-scale fraud and protect investors , and a second unit to investigate abusive lending practices and institutional gambling on risky mortgages . • Implementation of cost-saving reforms to Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security . • Reform of the tax code that includes the so-called Buffett rule , a minimum 30 % tax rate for individuals whose income exceeds $ 1 million . No tax increases for anyone earning less than $ 250,000 . • A ban on "  insider training " by members of Congress , and limits on elected officials ' investments in companies they regulate . Lobby reform . Simple majority vote within 90 days on judicial and public service nominations . • A request for authority to streamline the federal executive branch . • Continuing international pressure on Iran to scrap its nuclear weapons program . • Maintainance of a strong military while cutting the budget by nearly $ 500 billion . Legislation to protect against cyber-terrorism . • Passage of tax credits for companies that hire veterans . Creation of a Veterans Jobs Corps to help cities hire former military personnel .	Jobs : Tax on firms that send jobs overseas , breaks for those that do n't ; vet job corps Immigration : Beefed-up border protection ; path to citizenship for undocumented students Energy : More offshore drilling , gas exploration ; greater push for clean technologies Government : Ban on "  insider trading " in Congress , streamlining of bureaucracy
CNN  -- Move over Disney -- a Nigerian animator has produced an educational cartoon to teach youngsters about African culture . Tired of African children watching only imported cartoons that did n't reflect their lives , Nigerian animator Adamu Waziri decided to do something about it . His creation is "  Bino and Fino , " a cartoon aimed at three to five year olds , about a brother and sister who live with their grandparents in an unnamed African city . "  I want to create a brand that 's as good as Dora the Explorer , Charlie and Lola , quality wise , made in Nigeria , that is educational , and also shows positive aspects of Nigerian/African culture , not just to Nigerian or African kids but to kids everywhere , " says Waziri . The pilot episode celebrated Nigeria 's Independence Day and looked at the issue of colonialism . The cartoon has also had segments teaching the numbers one to 10 in the Nigerian Igbo and Yoruba languages . He adds that he wants the program to "  teach kids and show that the stuff you see on TV of starving people is n't the only thing  in Africa  -- you have a middle class here who have the same aspirations as everybody else . " See also : Meet the Afropolitans Bino and Fino is n't the only children 's cartoon produced in Africa . "  Tinga Tinga Tales , " for example , is made in Kenya for the BBC , while "  Jungle Beat " is produced in South Africa and has been shown internationally . But both cartoons , like many set in Africa , tell stories about the continent 's exotic animals . Waziri was determined to do something different . "  I said I 'm not going do African folk tales , animals -- that 's what you get in  animated movie  ` Madagascar ' -- we do n't want to do that , " he says . "  We want to show a couple of kids in a middle class life , which I know is n't the reality of all the kids in Africa , but let 's show that reality -- the reality of people using laptops , phones , going to school , doing their daily business -- no talking ants , no dancing ` jinga jinga ' music -- just a cartoon of life . " Two full-length "  Bino and Fino " episodes have been shown on a channel on Sky TV in the UK , where Waziri says it has been well received . The next step is to attract the funding and sponsors needed to get the cartoon aired in Nigeria . It takes Waziri and his core team of four a month and a half to produce a single episode of Bino and Fino , which is just eight minutes of animation . His says the slow turnaround is off-putting for sponsors in Nigeria , where feature-length Nollywood movies are often produced in a matter of weeks . See also : Nigerian blockbusters for internet generation Waziri adds that when it comes to entertainment , some Nigerians have a mindset of "  West is best , " but he is determined to change people 's minds by showing it 's possible to make a credible homegrown alternative to imported programs . He believes that it 's not enough for Africans to complain of being underrepresented in foreign cartoons , or misrepresented by international media -- they must also do something about it . "  People complain that Africa is not represented well in the media , " says Waziri . "  I understand that , but my point is Nigeria and other parts of Africa are n't poor , you have businessmen , the infrastructure , the ability to link up and make studios , finance it and sponsor it and make the market -- stop waiting for Disney to do it , do it yourself . "	Nigerian cartoon "  Bino and Fino " aims to teach children about African history and culture Creator Adamu Waziri says African children watch only imported cartoons "  We want to show a couple of kids in a middle class life , " he says It is currently being shown on Sky TV in the UK
CNN  -- If director Ron Howard hopes religious controversy will help sell tickets to "  Angels & Demons " the way it boosted his "  Da Vinci Code , " the Catholic Church is not playing along with his script . Tom Hanks reprises his role as professor Robert Langdon in "  Angels & Demons . " Howard , who premiered the follow-up in Rome , Italy , this week , said there was "  residual antagonism from ` The Da Vinci Code , ' " but Vatican officials ignored the movie by not responding to suggestions that the church was offended . The first movie based on Dan Brown 's mega-selling novels earned $ 750 million worldwide in 2006 . "  The Da Vinci Code " was intensely criticized by Catholics , especially those from the Opus Dei organization , a small but influential group within the Catholic Church whose members felt that they were vilified in the story . An Opus Dei priest who teaches history and literature at Holy Cross University in Rome said that "  Angels & Demons " has "  simply not been an issue " among those in the Vatican and that any controversy is a product of the movie 's marketing machine . Watch Howard make his statements " "  To be honest , I do n't think that anyone at the Vatican is paying much attention to the premier of the ` Angels & Demons , ' " Father John Wauck said . "  I was just talking with some people yesterday , I know friends of mine working in the Vatican , and they were surprised to learn that the movie was premiering in Rome . They had no idea . " "  I think the church 's attitude has been , from the beginning , ` hands off , ' " Wauck said . "  Especially , I think , after what happened with ` The Da Vinci Code . ' " The new movie is not as offensive , Wauck said . "  In ` The Da Vinci Code , ' there were serious issues , such as who Jesus Christ was or the nature of church in the course of history , but none of them is taken in ` Angels & Demons . ' It 's simply , you know , a thriller , " he said . The movie may even help Rome by promoting tourism there , which is "  not a bad thing , " Wauck said . But Howard suggested to CNN 's Neil Curry that controversy has carried over to the sequel . "  I think there 's some residual antagonism from ` The Da Vinci Code , ' " Howard said . Stirring people up with controversy is "  something that appeals to me , " he said . "  Part of the entertainment value is that people are going to go in there and have something to talk about or think about afterward , " he said . Howard said he tried to reach out to the Catholic Church . "  We 've even invited certain groups , members of the church , for example , to see early rough cuts , because I wanted to share it with them and know what they thought , and I felt they 'd find it not as offensive as they 'd imagine , " he said . "  Everyone 's declined to do that . " Howard himself downplayed reports that Rome and Vatican officials hampered production by refusing permission to film in certain locations . "  Probably a little more has been made of that , " he said . "  While I do n't want to reveal how we took people on the ` Angels & Demons ' tour and on the adventure , someday I might , maybe on the DVD or something , do a little better breakdown of how we got the shots we needed , " he said . Producers did resort to some "  low-budget street photography where you just pull up in a car , getting out of a van , clearing a little space and shooting a shot , " Howard said . This controversy , Wauck said , was also cooked up by the film 's marketing department . "  As a general rule , no commercial films are filmed in churches in Rome , and no exception was made for ` Angels & Demons , ' " Wauck said . The film , which like "  The Da Vinci Code " stars Tom Hanks as symbolism professor Robert Langdon , takes the audience inside the Conclave , where cardinals meet secretly to choose a new pope . "  One thing that was important to me and to all of us was to be as authentic as we possibly could be about what Conclave was like , that period when they 're trying to elect the pope , " Howard said . "  It 's a complete mystery . Outsiders are not allowed in . They stop rolling even their own Vatican archival footage when they lock the cardinals into the Sistine Chapel . " Set designers used old paintings and photos to recreate the scene , he said . "  I wanted to represent for the audience that with as much detail as I did going to the moon with ` Apollo 13 , ' " he said , referring to his 1995 movie about the aborted space mission . "  Angels & Demons " is the second of Brown 's Langdon novels Howard has turned into a film . "  There are so many reasons to do it , and when I really looked at ` Angels & Demons ' and realized that it was going to feel different , " he said . "  It was going to sound different . It was going to be paced in a completely different way because this is a real bona fide thriller . This is Langdon in jeopardy . There 's a ticking bomb . You know , it 's a murder mystery . " Howard said he will wait to decide whether he will make a movie based on Brown 's third Langdon novel . "  While I have n't read Dan 's next installment of the Robert Langdon adventures , I 'm dying to , " he said . "  I 'll also look to see how audiences respond to ` Angels & Demons . ' They 're going to tell us a lot . " "  Angels & Demons " opens in U.S. theaters May 15 . CNN 's Neil Curry and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	"  Angels & Demons , " new Ron Howard film , based on Dan Brown novel Brown 's "  Da Vinci Code " was controversial book made into controversial film Howard believes Vatican holds grudge ; priest says Church barely aware of "  Angels "
CNN  -- With its luminous body seemingly hovering above the water , and five spidery legs plunging deep into the sea , this futuristic building could be the mothership in a sci-fi film . In fact , it 's the design for one of the world 's largest underwater hotels -- and it could be coming to a beach near you . Introducing the Water Discus Hotel , a luxury multi-million dollar resort featuring 21 moveable rooms found in the heart of spectacular coral reefs . Maldives to Dubai The space-age hotel is now set to be built on the remote -- and postcard perfect -- tropical island of Kuredhivaru in the Maldive Islands , with the National Ministry of Tourism giving the go-ahead to the ambitious plan last week . The United Arab Emirates may soon be the next home of the high-tech hotel , with a Dubai construction company also in negotiations to build the surreal structure . "  There are many people who will never have the courage to dive to these beautiful reefs , " designer , Pawel Podwojewski , told CNN . "  But here you will have the chance to explore an underwater world from the comfort of your bedroom . " Space-age seascape Described as "  Star Trek meets the undersea world of Jacques Cousteau , " the remarkable building -- valued at up to $ 50 million -- is the brainchild of Polish company Deep Ocean Technology , backed by Swiss investors . The luminous hotel features two large disc-shaped lounges seven-meters above the water , housing a luxury restaurant and spa . The lounges are connected to a glass tunnel plunging 30-meters below the water , leading to 21 opulent bedrooms . "  A lot of people have said it looks like something from a James Bond film , " said Podwojewski . "  I 'm a big fan of the movies , so perhaps that was an inspiration . " "  I wanted to keep it as sleek and simple as possible -- so the sphere shape is very efficient . " Deep end The cutting-edge hotel may plunge deep beneath the ocean , but its luxury facilities are sky-high , including a helicopter landing pad and rooftop swimming pool . Guests can sit back and enjoy views of vibrant reefs and tropical fish , all from the comfort of their bed . Those wanting to explore the spectacular underwater world , can also dive straight in from the hotel 's airlock compartment , including its own decompression chamber . The more adventurous can even take a ride in a three-passenger deep-sea submarine . Moving on up Not only does the hotel look like a spaceship -- it actually moves like one , with the largest underwater saucer-shaped room able to slide to the surface in emergencies . "  If you need to replace a window for example , it 's very difficult underwater , " explained Podwojewski . "  So we wanted to build a building that can surface any time for maintenance or safety . " "  It 's a bit like a balloon underwater -- when we let go of the water from the room 's huge tanks , the balloon will surface automatically . It does n't need to rely on electricity . " Environmental concerns Developers hope to limit the impact on coral reefs by laying the foundation in as few points as possible . There are also plans to rebuild coral reefs , by growing the vibrant eco-systems in a special plantation before relocating them around the hotel . "  To preserve the natural environment we have developed couple of kinds of foundations depending on the local conditions , " said Podwojewski . "  The key is to touch the sea ground in just few points . " "  Most probably the hotel will land on a flat sand area to reflect the sun rays inside the rooms and the reef will be additionally planted around the hotel rooms to enrich the view . " The space-age design might seem like something from the future . But it seems this unique underwater hotel will be much closer than you think .	Imagine waking from your hotel bed to a dramatic underwater world Soon the dream will be reality , with an underwater hotel to be built in the Maldives The space-age structure looks like something from James Bond , features three ` saucers ' Developers hope to limit the impact on coral reefs with sustainable design
CNN  -- Colombian President Alvaro Uribe on Thursday demanded that his ministers of the interior and defense get to the bottom of how a jailed top rebel leader escaped in the northeastern city of Arauca , Colombia . Colombian President Alvaro Uribe wants answers after a top ELN rebel was freed from prison . Gustavo Anibal Giraldo Quinchia , also known by his alias , "  Pablito , " was freed Wednesday morning when a group of gunmen presumed to be rebels attacked a convoy transporting the prisoner to a court hearing . One guard was killed and another was injured in the incident . Giraldo is a high-ranking leader of the National Liberation Army , or ELN by its Spanish initials , who opposed peace talks with the Colombian government . He was arrested in January 2008 . Uribe , who has held a strong stance against leftist rebel groups in his country , had strong words about the incident . "  There is no explanation for this escape , " Uribe told reporters . "  There are signs of corruption around this that are very troubling . " The president questioned why Giraldo was transferred from the capital of Bogota to the outpost to Arauca on the border with Venezuela . The security at Arauca was weak , and somehow Giraldo 's rescuers knew where and when to find him , Uribe said . "  We gain nothing from increased security if there is corruption in that security , like this corruption that permitted the escape of this prisoner in Arauca , " Uribe said . The rebel is believed to have fled to Venezuela , and the president has asked the neighboring country for help finding him , Uribe said . The request comes during a period of tension between Colombia and Venezuela , in part because of Colombian claims that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has aided the rebel groups . In remarks Thursday , Fabio Valencia Cossio , Colombia 's minister of the interior and justice , said that he ordered a new staff to run the Arauca prison . The prison 's current director and all 30 guards will be transferred to other posts while an investigation into the escape is underway , he said . Giraldo commanded roughly half the force of the ELN , according to the Colombian government . Formed in the early 1960s , the ELN is the second-largest insurgent force in Colombia , behind the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC . The ELN is among several parties to a long-running war that involves leftist rebels , right-wing paramilitary forces , the Colombian government and drug traffickers .	President Alvaro Uribe cites corruption in Colombian rebel 's escape Gustavo Anibal Giraldo Quinchia is member of National Liberation Army Giraldo is believed to have fled to Venezuela
CNN  -- Prague has not been nicknamed "  Zlata Praha " or "  Golden Prague " for no good reason . The well-deserved eponym is a tribute to this city that mixes architecture , history , art and beauty like no other . While not forgetting its more somber communist past , Prague has been one of the first East European cities to get a luxurious makeover . Designer shopping malls , exclusive restaurants and trendy nightclubs abound . But it is the mystical atmosphere of a Prague of past eras that leaves many visitors craving to come back . Largely untouched by the ravages of WWII , Prague is arguably the only European city with so many century-old buildings left intact for people to enjoy . All more impressive than the others , these are the historical sites you should not miss in Prague . Wenceslas Square : In 1348 , King Charles IV of Bohemia  now the Czech Republic  founded the town of Prague . The King built several open areas for markets , including Wenceslas Square , previously known as the Horse Market . Named after Saint Wenceslas , the patron saint of the Czech state , the square is the largest in the city and was at the center of much of Prague 's history , including the Nazi occupation , the Soviet invasion , and the Velvet Revolution . In 1969 , Prague student Jan Palach set himself on fire in Wenceslas Square to protest the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia . And in 1989 , during the Velvet Revolution that overthrew the Communist regime , hundreds of thousands of demonstrators gathered here to protest . Today the square has become one of the trendiest and busiest in the country . Lining Wenceslas Square are fashion stores , cafes , bars and kiosks . Above the square is Prague 's Museum of Natural History , which was shot at by Communist troops when they mistook it for the Parliament building . Prague Castle : Kings , Roman Emperors and Presidents have lived in this legendary castle that overlooks the city . The castle is the largest medieval castle complex in Europe and arguable Prague 's prime tourist attraction . First built in the 9th century , Prague Castle has survived wars , fires and opposing political powers . The castle complex consists of the Saint Virtus Cathedral , viewing towers , a monastery , museums and art galleries . The Czech crown jewels are also held here . After Czechoslovakia split into the Czech Republic and Slovakia in 1993 , the castle became the seat of the President of the new Czech Republic . Charles Bridge : This magnificent 14th century gothic bridge over Prague 's Vltava river is lined with a series of large stone statues that represent important religious figures and icons . Its construction started in 1357 under King Charles IV and finished in the beginning of the 15th century . Until the 19th century , the bridge was the only way to cross between the Old Town and adjacent areas , also known as the "  Lesser Town . " During the day , thousands of people traverse the bridge to watch the views of the city and enjoy the numerous street performers . Dancing House : A masterpiece of modern architecture , Dancing House was named after dancing duo Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers . Dancing House is also sometimes nicknamed "  Drunk House " for its wavy curves . The building was constructed between 1992 and 1996 by Czech architect Vlado Milunc and world-renowned Canadian architect Frank Gehry . The top floor houses one of the city 's most exclusive restaurants , Celeste . Old Town Square : Located in the heart of the Old Town , this square included Prague 's gothic Church of Our Lady before Tyn , the main church of this part of the city since the 14th century . The church 's towers are 80 meters high and topped by small golden spires . Another fixture of the Old Town Square is the baroque-style St. Nicholas Church . In the center of the square is a large statue of Jan Hus , a Catholic priest who was burned at the stake by the Roman Catholic Church for heresy in 1415 . But the most popular attraction for visitors of the square is the famous Astronomical Clock . Astronomical Clock : Built in 1410 , the Astronomical Clock still functions and provides accurate data on a number of astrological events , such as the relative positions of the sun , moon and major planets . Each hour , the clock bells and a series of moving wooden puppets come out . Below the Astronomical Clock are 12 medallions with the signs of the zodiac , added by painter Josef Manes in 1865 . Prague Cathedral : Saint Vitus 's Cathedral is another one of Prague 's Gothic masterpieces . The Cathedral , set in the walls of the Prague Castle , was commissioned by King Charles IV and work on it began in 1344 . It took nearly six centuries to complete . Today it is the seat of the Archbishop of Prague and contains the tombs of many of the Bohemian Kings . The interior features stained-glass windows from different eras . One of the cathedral 's chambers was used to crown several Kings and it is said the room can only be opened with seven golden keys given to different members of parliament . Vyshehrad : The old fortress of Vyshehrad and its surrounding parks is the place where the city of Prague was originally founded and around which the city was built . It is a great place to get a sense of the history of the city . Its thick walls house the National Cemetery , where many of Prague 's most illustrious citizens are buried , including Czech composer Antonín Leopold Dvorak and writer Karel Capek .	"  Golden City " is a well-deserved eponym for a city that mixes history and beauty like no other Largely untouched by WWII , Prague 's many century-old buildings have been left intact CNN takes you through the top historical sights not to be missed in Prague
CNN  -- Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom has declared a state of national calamity because so many citizens do not have food or proper nutrition . Sisters Vidalia , left , and Maribel Agustin , who suffer from malnutrition , sit at a shelter in Guatemala in August . Speaking in a nationally televised address late Tuesday , Colom said his declaration will make it easier to get food to the thousands of Guatemalan families who are in dire need . "  This will help us access resources from the international community that are generously offered for this type of situation and to mobilize national resources more rapidly , " he said . The United Nations ' World Food Programme says Guatemala has the fourth highest rate of chronic malnutrition in the world and the highest in Latin America and the Caribbean . Chronic undernutrition affects about half of the nation 's children under the age of 5 , the U.N. agency said . Colom said the nation 's food problems are the result of a drought this year , global warming and the effects of the international economic crisis . He also cited the Central American nation 's "  history of unfairness that has made Guatemala live since long ago with high and shameful poverty levels , extreme poverty and undernutrition . " According to the World Bank , about 75 percent of Guatemalans live below the poverty level , which is defined as an income that is not sufficient to purchase a basic basket of goods and basic services . Almost 58 percent of the population have incomes below the extreme poverty line , which is defined as the amount needed to purchase a basic basket of food . "  This is the cause of the food and nutritional crisis that this country is going through , " Colom said . "  There is food . What we do n't have are the financial means so that those who are affected can buy the available food . ... Let 's not wait until we have a famine to act . " Poverty is more pronounced among indigenous populations and those who live in rural areas . In the nation 's highlands , where many indigenous people live , seven of 10 children under age 5 are malnourished , the World Food Programme says . About 40 percent of the nation 's more than 13.2 million citizens are indigenous Mayans , according to the CIA World Fact Book .	Declaration will make it easier to get food to those in need , president says President Alvaro Colom says Guatemala welcomes aid from international community Guatemala has highest rate of malnutrition in Latin America , U.N. says Colom blames food problems on drought , global warming , economic crisis
CNN  -- Here 's the short , tragic story of a little car in China that nobody wanted . Some time back in 2012 , a blue van was innocently parked along Peace Road in the village of Huayang in Sichuan Province . And it just sat there . Abandoned . The owner nowhere to be found . We still do n't know what happened to him . Or her . But we 'll just have to assume this person died or is in the middle of a really good "  Law & Order " marathon . Do n't laugh . It 's how I lost most of my 20s . Just me and Detective Briscoe . And a bowl of gravy . Eventually , over the course of a year , Mother Nature did her thing and the van became consumed by vines . Amazingly , the foliage almost completely engulfed every part of the vehicle . And when people on the Internet started sharing pictures of this crazy car-bush , it sort of became a celebrity . Not in the George Clooney kind of way . But in the drunk-and-naked-at-a-Bar-Mitzvah YouTube kind of way . "  Hey , who wants to see my shofar ? " "  Go home , Rabbi . " So , people online started paying attention to this ever-growing mound of foliage with a funny name -- in China , vehicles that are unloved and abandoned are referred to as "  jiangshiche " or "  zombie cars . " Eventually , police managed to contact the original owner of the "  zombie car , " Wang Ping , who explained that he had sold his blue van over three years ago but could n't recall the buyer 's name . So , authorities finally decided to just get rid of the damn thing . However , when they came to take it away , police were unable to dig the van out from beneath all the vines . It had simply become too thick and thorny . So , they just towed it off , foliage and all , hauling what appeared to be a giant bush slowly and hilariously down the highway . Photos were taken , and , thus , this week , China 's famous "  zombie car " emerged once again to bask in the warm glow of the Internet 's spotlight . So , that 's the short , tragic  and completely pointless  story of a car that nobody wanted , and the Internet who loved it . To be honest , seeing this thing all alone kind of made me sad . I care about my car like a big , stupid child . And I only recently realized this . You see , the other day I was at the auto shop waiting on a minor repair -- as one does when you have no technical skills beyond heating things in the microwave . So , to pass time at the shop , I started thumbing through some of those hot rod magazines filled with pictures of shiny cars draped by scantily clad women . They had several different ones on the shelf -- Lugs and Jugs , Groin and Driver , The Economist -- I do n't remember the exact titles , but you get the point . And as I turned my attention away from those glossy pages of beautiful , perfect steel and skin , and peered through the shop 's window into the garage , my gray Saturn suddenly seemed incredibly ... unsexy . You know , because it 's a Saturn . Really , there 's nothing "  suddenly " about it . However , almost immediately , this fact did n't matter because , hey , it was mine . Sure , it 's big , and stupid , and gray . But it gets me to Kroger . And Kroger has Lean Pockets and Klondike Bars . And , for that , I think it 's worthy of a sexy photo shoot . "  There ya go , Tina , get nice and close to those side-impact air bags . Work that cup holder . Wooooooo ! " Anyway , my Saturn is awesome , and you should check it out in next month 's issue of Groin and Driver . Follow Jarrett Bellini on Twitter .	In 2012 a car was abandoned in China Vines grew all over the car , completely covering it with foliage It was a rather absurd sight , and the "  zombie car " earned fame on the Internet Recently , the car was finally towed away
CNN  -- Six children ages 1 to 7 have been hospitalized for severe gastrointestinal illnesses after swimming this month in an Alabama indoor water park , a state health official said Friday . The children got sick after visiting the Opelika SportsPlex and Aquatic Center between June 12-18 , said Dr. Mary McIntyre , medical officer of the Bureau of Communicable Disease at the Alabama Department of Public Health . The indoor splash park was closed Friday but the park 's other facilities remained open , a park official said . Environmental officials will test chemical levels before the splash park will re-open , according to McIntyre . "  We are continuing to work with the medical community to identify the extent of the problem , " she said . Five of the children have been transferred from East Alabama Medical Center in Opelika to the Children 's Hospital of Alabama in Birmingham , where they were being treated with antibiotics , the official said . In a statement , the department of public health urged parents whose children who may have visited the park to contact the health department if they suffer symptoms of nausea , vomiting or severe diarrhea . Seven day-care centers took children to the Opelika SportsPlex and Aquatic Center for a day camp during the time frame officials have identified as when the water may have been contaminated , the health department said . "  We 're recommending any children who did attend the splash park , until we can determine the full extent of the infection , not to swim in inflatable pools , " McIntyre said . She added that such swimming could risk exposing other children to the bacteria . Illnesses linked to pools are commonly caused by germs spread through contact with contaminated water , the department said in a news release . E. coli infections are caused by bacteria that can be found in foods and stool . Children often become infected after being exposed to others who are not toilet-trained . "  It 's not uncommon for recreational water illnesses to occur , particularly in the summer , because a lot of people are in the pools , " McIntyre said . "  Children have a tendency to swallow water which is probably why we 're seeing it in a younger group . " The health department warns people not to swim if they have diarrhea ; to avoid swallowing pool or lake water ; and to shower with soap before swimming so that germs and bacteria do not end up in pool water .	The 6 sickened Alabama children all visited Opelika SportsPlex and Aquatic Center between June 12-18 The center 's splash park has closed temporarily Bacteria can spread in pools from children swimming in dirty diapers , health officials say
CNN  -- Here is a look at what you need to know about the solstice . Summer solstice will take place on June 21 , 2013 . Summer solstice in the Northern Hemisphere occurs on June 20 , 21 , or 22 , when the sun reaches its most northerly point , directly overhead at the Tropic of Cancer  23 degrees 27 minutes north latitude  . The summer solstice is the longest day of the year and marks the beginning of summer . Winter solstice in the Northern Hemisphere occurs on December 21 or 22 , when the sun appears at its most southerly position , directly overhead at the Tropic of Capricorn  23 degrees 27 minutes south latitude  . The winter solstice is the shortest day of the year and marks the beginning of winter . It is the exact opposite in the Southern Hemisphere . A solstice is different from an equinox , the two times each year when the sun is directly above the Earth 's equator and day and night are of equal length . Equinoxes mark the beginning of spring  March  and fall  September  . Solstice loosely translated in Latin is "  sun stands still " . For several days before and after each solstice the sun appears to stand still in the sky , i.e. , its noontime elevation does not seem to change from day to day . Historically , the solstice has been celebrated by numerous cultures around the world . Thousands of people annually celebrate the summer solstice at Stonehenge in Wiltshire , England . At sunrise at Stonehenge on the longest day of the year , the rising sun appears behind one of the main stones , creating the illusion that the sun is balancing on the stone . The site was closed for 16 years after rioting broke out between police and revelers for several years at solstice gatherings . Stonehenge was re-opened to the public on Solstice in 2000 .	The solstice happens twice each year when the sun is at either its northernmost or southernmost position Summer solstice will occur on June 21 , 2013 at 5:04 am UT in the Northern Hemisphere Winter solstice will take place on December 21 , 2013 at 5:11 pm UT in the Northern Hemisphere
Health.com  -- Post-traumatic stress disorder  PTSD  affects more than the mind . The disorder may damage blood vessels and increase the risk of dying early , according to new research presented today at an annual meeting of the American Heart Association . The study included about 286,000 mostly male veterans between the ages of 45 and 81 who served in Iraq , Afghanistan , and conflicts dating back to the Korean War . The vets with PTSD -- who accounted for roughly 10 percent of the study participants -- had more than double the risk of dying during the 10-year study compared to their peers who did n't have disorder , the researchers found . Health.com : Depression , PTSD common among Iraq vets Twenty-nine percent of the vets with PTSD died during the study , compared to 8 percent of the vets without PTSD .  The overall death rate in the study was 13 percent . The increased risk of death associated with PTSD held even after the researchers controlled for factors such as high blood pressure , high cholesterol , diabetes , and smoking . A separate analysis involving heart scans from 637 of the veterans found that men and women with PTSD had more calcium buildup in their arteries than vets without post-traumatic stress . Calcium buildup is a hallmark of atherosclerosis  also known as hardening of the arteries  , which can lead to heart attacks . Health.com : Surprising heart attack risks Among veterans with similar degrees of calcium buildup , those who had PTSD were 48 percent more likely to die of any cause during the study and 41 percent more likely to die from heart disease compared to those without PTSD , according to the study , which was led by Naser Ahmadi , MD , a cardiologist at the Greater Los Angeles Veterans Administration Medical Center . "  If a vet has PTSD , they need to be under surveillance for cardiovascular disease as they age , " says Joseph Boscarino , PhD , a senior investigator at Geisinger Center for Health Research , in Danville , Pennsylvania. , and an expert on the link between post-traumatic stress and physical illness . Boscarino did not participate in the new study . PTSD is an anxiety disorder that occurs after exposure to a traumatic event , including sexual abuse and military combat . People with the condition experience recurring , intrusive memories about the event , and may also experience emotional numbness and detachment . Health.com : Traumatized ? Playing Tetris may reduce flashbacks Previous studies have linked PTSD to a greater risk of death and heart disease , but the new study is the first to explore what 's behind the relationship . The explanation is likely complicated , says Laura Kubzansky , PhD , an associate professor at the Harvard School of Public Health , in Boston . Inflammation stemming from constant stress may be involved , she says , but other factors or unhealthy behaviors -- such as not getting enough exercise -- may be partly responsible as well . "  People with PTSD are trying to make themselves feel better in lots of different ways , " says Kubzansky , who did n't take part in Dr. Ahmadi 's study . Behaviors such as smoking "  clearly contribute , but there 's something else going on . " It 's not clear from the study whether treating PTSD can lower a person 's risk of atherosclerosis or heart disease . Still , Dr. Ahmadi says that PTSD should be treated using effective techniques such as cognitive behavioral therapy , preferably as soon as possible after the traumatic event . "  If you do n't treat PTSD , it 's like a vicious cycle , " he says . Health.com : Can Ecstasy help ease post-traumatic stress ? Boscarino says that thousands of veterans have contacted him to ask whether they can make disability claims for heart disease and post-traumatic stress to the Veterans Administration . "  The veteran community is very frustrated right now because they ca n't get a ruling on this -LSB- from the VA -RSB- , " he says . "  They have to fight each case over and over again , which is not the case for Agent Orange ... or other military disability exposures . " Dr. Ahmadi presented his findings at the American Heart Association 's annual Scientific Sessions meeting , which highlights the latest heart-related research and treatment advances . Unlike studies published in medical journals , the research presented at the meeting has not been vetted by independent experts in the field . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Post-traumatic stress disorder  PTSD  affects more than the mind Disorder may damage blood vessels and increase the risk of dying early Veterans who had PTSD were 48 percent more likely to die of any cause during the study
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A new witness in the disappearance of British girl Madeleine McCann has told investigators he talked with a "  Victoria Beckham look-a-like " who may have revealed clues about the girl 's fate , a family spokesman said Thursday . Sketch shows woman who may hold new clues to disappearance of Madeleine McCann . Investigators would not release what was said in the conversation but the clues have led police to try to find the woman . Madeleine vanished from the family 's holiday villa at the Portuguese beach resort of Praia da Luz in May 2007 as her parents , Kate and Gerry McCann , dined in a nearby restaurant . She was 3 years old at the time . The suspicious woman was seen outside a bar in Barcelona , Spain , by partygoers on May 7 , 2007 , and the new witness had a conversation with this woman , said McCann family spokesman Clarence Mitchell . Watch McCann spokesman describe new lead " Authorities released a sketch of the person , described as a woman who spoke with an Australian accent and who could also speak fluent Spanish . Former detective inspector Dave Edgar , who was hired by the McCann family , called the new witness a significant movement in the case . Edgar would not say why the witness waited so long to come forward , stating only it was personal reasons . Mitchell described the woman they are looking for as similar in appearance to the former Spice Girl singer and wife of soccer star David Beckham . She was described as in her 30s and about 5 feet 2 inches tall . Madeleine 's parents have garnered international support in an effort to find their daughter , enlisting the aid of celebrities and even Pope Benedict XVI . At one point , authorities in Portugal had named the girl 's parents as suspects , along with a British man living in Portugal , Robert Murat . But a spokesman for the Portuguese public prosecutor 's office said in July 2008 that authorities found no evidence of involvement by any of the three and were no longer considering them suspects . Portuguese investigators closed the case in July 2008 .	Investigators would not release specific details of new clues Madeleine McCann vanished from holiday villa in Portugal in May 2007 Madeleine 's parents have garnered international support in hunt for their child
Airplane travelers will soon be able to watch videos and play games with their electronic devices throughout their entire flight -- and not just above a certain altitude -- the Federal Aviation Administration said Thursday in a long anticipated announcement . But do n't expect to be chatting on your cell phone . A ban on using cell phones for voice communication remains in effect . The FAA , following months of study by a group of aviation experts , said that airlines can soon allow passengers to use portable electronic devices such as tablets , laptop computers , e-readers and cell phones in airplane mode throughout the flight -- with some circumstantial restrictions . Can your cell phone bring down a plane ? Until now , passengers in the United States were prohibited from using the devices until their plane rose above 10,000 feet . The timing of the changes will depend on individual airlines , but an FAA statement said it expects "  many carriers will prove to the FAA that their planes allow passengers to safely use their devices in airplane mode , gate-to-gate , by the end of the year . " "  Each airline will determine how and when this will happen , " FAA administrator Michael Huerta told reporters at Reagan National Airport . Some fliers admit leaving devices on in flight The periods of flight in question are fairly short . The ascent of an aircraft to 10,000 feet usually takes 10 minutes or less , depending on the airport and weather conditions , said Patrick Smith , a commercial airline pilot and Askthepilot blogger . Delta Air Lines and JetBlue wasted no time announcing Thursday morning that both airlines have filed plans with the FAA to allow for use of approved electronic devices below 10,000 feet on their flights . Both carriers had representatives on the FAA advisory panel . The FAA said Thursday afternoon that it had already received plans from some airlines . "  The agency is reviewing the plans to make sure they conform to the guidance we released a few hours ago , " the FAA said . "  Depending on the condition of the plan , we could approve expanded use of electronic devices very soon . " The FAA also permits the use of in-flight Wi-Fi service if the airline offers and allows it . Delta said its service will continue to be available above 10,000 feet . The FAA had long claimed that using electronic devices during takeoff and landing posed a safety issue and that radio signals from the devices could interfere with an aircraft 's communications , navigation and other systems . But a panel the FAA established last year to study the issue concluded that most commercial airplanes can tolerate radio interference signals . Before an airline switches to the relaxed rules , it will have to prove to the FAA that its aircraft can tolerate the interference . Airlines have , over the years , built newer planes with portable electronics in mind , hardening them against electromagnetic interference . The FAA did outline an exception to the new rule : "  In some instances of low visibility -- about one percent of flights -- some landing systems may not be proved PED tolerant , so you may be asked to turn off your device . " An airline pilots union that participated in revising the rules voiced support Thursday for the requirement that airlines prove their fleet 's tolerance to signal interference , but expressed reservations about traveler compliance . "  We remain concerned that relying on passengers to selectively turn off their devices in areas of extremely poor weather is not a practical solution , " the Air Line Pilots Association said in a statement . Enforcing the policy Flight attendants ' hard jobs just got harder , said travel blogger Johnny "  Jet " DiScala . That 's because they 'll have to ensure that passengers are only using devices in "  aircraft safe " mode , not downloading anything from the Internet . "  No one turns their devices off anymore , " DiScala says . "  I do n't say anything  to fellow passengers about turning them off  these days because all the studies have shown that it does n't cause any problems , and the pilots are now using stuff  iPads and other electronic devices  in the cockpit . " The Association of Flight Attendants expressed some concerns , asking in a statement that testing be streamlined to ensure that "  airplanes can tolerate electromagnetic interference " from passenger devices . Development of crew training and passenger messaging is also needed to ensure passengers pay attention to safety messages from flight attendants , the union said . Opinion : Cell phones on planes ? For texting , not gabbing Benefits for travelers , electronics manufacturers It 's no surprise that advocates for the travel and electronics industries cheered the easing of the restrictions on devices during flight . "  We 're pleased the FAA recognizes that an enjoyable passenger experience is not incompatible with safety and security , " Roger Dow , U.S. Travel Association president and CEO , said in a prepared statement . "  What 's good for the traveler is good for travel-related businesses and our economy . " Travel blogger Brett Snyder said he expects a lot of consumer satisfaction related to the new policy . "  This is exactly what travelers have wanted , " said Snyder , the Cranky Flier columnist , via e-mail . "  It will , however , mean people have more distracting them from paying attention during the safety briefing , so airlines are going to really have to step up their game to make sure people understand how to be as safe as possible . " In early October , the Consumer Electronics Association announced support for an FAA committee recommendation that passengers generally be allowed to use typical lightweight electronic devices at all altitudes of flight on airplanes hardened against radio interference . About 69 % of passengers traveling with an e-device reported using their devices on a flight , and almost one-third of passengers admitted to accidentally leaving one on in flight , according to a 2013 CEA/Airline Passenger Experience Association study .	FAA says it is reviewing plans it 's received from airlines Air travelers will soon be able to use e-devices below 10,000 feet Airlines are already filing requests to grant passengers that ability A ban on cell phone calls remains in effect
A man accused of killing a woman and her four children in Brooklyn pleaded not guilty to murder charges Monday , a spokeswoman for the Kings County District Attorney 's Office said . Mingdong Chen , 25 , is being held without bail in the Saturday stabbing spree , spokeswoman Mia Goldberg said . Chen made statements to police about his role in the deaths , New York police Chief Phillip Banks said . Chen , through an interpreter , also said he used a butcher 's knife , which was retrieved from the apartment where the crime took place , Banks said . Police are still trying to understand what could have set off Chen , who had been staying with the family for about a week before the stabbings in the Sunset Park neighborhood , Officer Sophia Tassy-Mason said . "  He made very soft comments that since he 's been in this country , everyone seems to be doing better than him , " Banks said . Chen , who has no criminal record in New York City , has been charged with one count of first-degree murder and four counts of second-degree murder , as well as criminal possession of a weapon , Tassy-Mason said . Chen also allegedly assaulted an officer who processed his arrest , which added the charges of assaulting a police officer and resisting arrest , Banks said . Police identified the victims as Qiao Zhen Li , 37 , whose husband is Chen 's cousin ; Linda Zhuo , 9 ; Amy Zhuo , 7 ; Kevin Zhuo , 5 ; and William Zhuo , 1 . All five were stabbed in their upper bodies , police said . Three of the children died at the scene , and the other victims were pronounced dead at nearby hospitals , police said . Chen 's last known address is in Chicago , and he has moved a lot since immigrating to the United States from China in 2004 , Banks said . The mother of four was at home alone with her young children and Chen on Saturday when she noticed Chen acting suspiciously , Banks said . When she was unable to call her husband , who was at work , Li called her mother-in-law , who lives in China , he said . Li 's mother-in-law alerted her daughter , who arrived at the home with her husband to check on the family . After banging on the door for some time , they told police Chen finally opened the door covered in blood , Banks said .	Mingdong Chen is ordered held without bail Chen , 25 , is accused killing a woman and her four children in Brooklyn He 'd been staying with the family for about a week in the Sunset Park neighborhood , police say Police : He 's accused of murder , assault , resisting arrest , criminal possession of a weapon
Washington  CNN  -- Lightning struck the air-traffic control tower at Baltimore 's airport Thursday as thunderstorms delayed flights across the Northeast . The lightning strike at Baltimore Washington International Airport around 2:20 p.m. ET forced officials to temporarily halt takeoffs and landings . The airport reopened around 4:45 p.m. , according to a Twitter post from its official account . But the tower remained closed . "  The tower is not handling any air traffic operations at this time and the FAA 's Potomac Consolidated Terminal radar approach control facility has assumed control of the airspace , " the FAA said in a statement . Officials evacuated the tower after lightning struck and handed over control of planes to the Potomac facility , an FAA official said . The FAA reported departure delays for flights destined for Baltimore , Boston , Newark , New York , Philadelphia and Washington . CNN 's Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : FAA reports departure delays for flights heading to Northeast Officials say BWI has reopened , but the tower is closed Lightning strikes tower at Baltimore Washington International Airport
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Police have arrested Tarkan , Turkey 's most famous pop music star , in a narcotics raid , Turkey 's semi-official Anatolian Agency reported Friday . Police , Tarkan 's publicist and relatives could not be reached for comment on the reported arrest . According to Anatolian , Tarkan was detained along with several other individuals who are "  important figures from the art and magazine world . " Full coverage in Turkish : CNN Turk Tarkan rose to international prominence in the late 1990s for singing playful hit songs like "  Simarik "  Spoiled  . The heartthrob has been described by some as a Turkish Ricky Martin , referring to the Latin pop singer from Puerto Rico who achieved popularity worldwide . German-born Tarkan , who uses only one name , also has made the pop charts around the world . In recent years , it was reported , he has been living in New York City . The arrest was carried out in Istanbul . Turkey is a key stop on a drug smuggling transit route between Asia and Europe . According to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , it is a major hub for the trafficking of illegal heroin and opium from Afghanistan en route to European markets . Drug operations involving Turkish celebrities , including artists and models , are often carried out in Istanbul . Last month , Tarkan gave a concert in Istanbul 's central Taksim square to celebrate the city 's inauguration as Europe 's 2010 Capital of Culture . Thousands watched as the artist performed along with a fireworks display .	Tarkan has been Turkey 's biggest pop star since the 1990s Singer was arrested in narcotics raid in Istanbul , Anatolian Agency says Others detained were "  important figures from the art and magazine world "
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- The United Arab Emirates has refused to grant a visa to a female Israeli tennis player , preventing her from competing in the Sony Ericsson World Tennis Association Tour in Dubai , the WTA said in a statement Sunday . The UAE has refused to grant a visa allowing Shahar Peer to compete in Dubai . Shahar Peer would have been the first Israeli athlete to participate in a professional sporting event in the UAE , CNN Sports correspondent Pedro Pinto said . The UAE has no diplomatic ties with Israel . Peer told CNN on Sunday evening she was "  very , very disappointed " to be denied access to the tournament . "  Any player that qualifies should attend , and I was prevented , " she said from Israel . "  I 'm glad the WTA support me . A red line was crossed for every athlete in the world -- politics should be kept separate from sports . " The governing body of women 's tennis said it was "  deeply disappointed " that Peer was being denied entry to the country hosting the tournament , but it did not cancel the competition , which began Sunday . The move runs counter to WTA policy , which says no player should be barred from competing in a tournament for which she has qualified . Dubai could lose its membership in the WTA tour next year over the ban on Peer , according to WTA rules . That would mean professional players could compete only in exhibition matches in Dubai , the results of which would not count in pro rankings . Government officials in Dubai have not responded to CNN 's request to comment over their refusal to allow Peer to compete in the event . "  Ms. Peer has earned the right to play in the tournament , and it is regrettable that the UAE is denying her this right , " said Larry Scott , chairman and chief executive of the tour . Watch Scott express disappointment " "  Following various consultations , the tour has decided to allow the tournament to continue to be played this week , pending further review by the tour 's board of directors . " The patron of the Dubai Tennis Championships is Dubai 's ruler , Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al-Makhtoum . Two million dollars in prize money is on the line . Al-Makhtoum told CNN in 2004 that Dubai would accept Israeli students to a school dedicated to students from the Middle East who are talented at sports . In 2003 , Dubai hosted World Bank and International Monetary Fund meetings , which Israeli government officials attended . The Israeli flag -- among other member states ' flags -- is still part of a globe monument in Dubai . Peer , 21 , is ranked 48th in the world among female tennis players . She was allowed to compete at the Doha tournament in Qatar last year , where she received a warm welcome , according to Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz . Qatar , another Gulf Arab state , froze diplomatic ties with Israel after Israel 's military offensive in Gaza last month . Peer downplayed the political undertones of her participation in last year 's Doha tournament , telling Haaretz that she did n't come to Qatar "  to help the politics of course . " But she added that if her playing in the tournament "  can help for peace or anything , I 'd be really happy . " Scott said the tour will "  review appropriate remedies for Ms. Peer " as well as "  appropriate future actions with regard to the future of the Dubai tournament . " Peer was advised Saturday by tournament and WTA officials of the denial of her visa while she was participating in a tournament in Pattaya , Thailand , according to a WTA statement . The Dubai Tennis Championships runs through February 28 .	NEW : Shahar Peer , female Israeli tennis player , says she 's "  very , very disappointed " United Arab Emirates refuses to grant a visa to Peer Peer needed the visa to play in the Dubai Tennis Championships World Tennis Association unhappy , says move runs counter to its policy
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- A vicious turf war between drug cartels and Mexican authorities that has left as many as 4,300 dead so far this year may have caused a breach in the internal security systems of Interpol , the international police organization . A member of the Federal Investigative Agency participates in an narcotics operation . Interpol , which is based in France , announced Wednesday it is sending a team of investigators to Mexico to investigate the possibility that its communications systems and databases are not being used for legitimate law enforcement purposes . The prospect was raised after the arrest of the top official working with the agency in the country . Ricardo Gutierrez Vargas , director for International Police Affairs at Mexico 's Federal Investigative Agency and the head of Mexico 's Interpol office , was placed under house arrest Sunday , the attorney general 's office said Tuesday . More than 30 officials have been arrested since July in connection with the anti-corruption Operation Limpieza , an ongoing investigation into information leaks by law enforcement officials to drug traffickers , said Niverda Amado , a government press secretary in Mexico City . Gutierrez can be held for up to 40 days while authorities "  obtain sufficient evidence to determine his probable responsibility , " the attorney general 's office said in a news release . Rodolfo de la Guardia Garcia , a former top official at the Federal Investigative Agency , also is under 40-day house arrest . He was arrested October 29 . Mexico 's Interpol office , or National Central Bureau , is staffed and run by the Federal Investigative Agency . Mexican officials did not offer specifics on their investigation other than to say that Operation Limpieza , which means "  Operation Cleanup , " is aimed "  against public servants who give reserved information to people not authorized to have it . " Interpol said in a news release Wednesday it needs to make sure the agency 's information remains secure . "  As Mexico 's attorney general 's office has a duty to ensure that Interpol 's communications system and databases are being used for legitimate law enforcement purposes and in compliance with Interpol 's rules , Interpol is immediately dispatching a team of general secretariat staff to Mexico , " Interpol said . "  The purpose of their mission is to meet with relevant Mexican authorities in order to establish if there are any allegations of improper use of Interpol 's systems by any Mexican law enforcement official . " After the investigation , Interpol said , the agency will determine whether proper security steps have been taken . "  An assessment can then be made of the procedures put in place by the attorney general 's office , which is responsible for the Interpol office in Mexico , to ensure that Interpol 's rules and regulations are being followed , " the agency said . The arrests came amid "  a war of master proportions " between authorities and narcotics traffickers that has left more than 4,300 dead so far this year , according to the Council on Hemispheric Affairs , an independent research and information organization . By comparison , the council said in a report Tuesday , there were 2,700 drug-related deaths in 2007 . "  Homegrown drug cartels operating from both within and outside the country are engaging in a vicious turf war to seize control of major trafficking corridors while engaging in almost open warfare against the mobilized forces of the state , " the council says about what it calls "  narco-fueled crime . " Mexican leaders have been trying to tamp down the violence by tightening controls on money-laundering and cracking down on corruption among local and municipal police forces infiltrated by drug traffickers . It may not be enough . "  Due to pervasive corruption at the highest levels of the Mexican government , and the almost effortless infiltration of the porous security forces by the cartel , an ultimate victory by the state is far from certain , " the Hemispheric Council concludes . Drug trafficking in Mexico is a $ 20 billion - to $ 50 billion-a-year industry , as much as the nation earns from tourism or remittances from Mexicans living in the United States , said Robert Pastor , a former national security adviser to President Jimmy Carter and now a professor of international relations at American University in Washington . He has been studying Latin America for more than four decades . "  This is a huge industry with an extraordinary capacity to corrupt and intimidate the country . And they 're doing both right now , " said Pastor , also a former director of the Carter Center 's Latin American and Caribbean Program . The drug cartels are paying some Mexican officials bribes of $ 150,000 to $ 450,000 a month , authorities have said . The payment is far beyond the per capita income of $ 12,500 a year in Mexico , where one of every seven Mexicans lives in poverty , according to the CIA World Factbook . Pastor believes that Mexican President Felipe Calderon , who took office in December 2006 , made a correct assessment that he needs to fight the drug cartels as hard as he can . "  You have to obviously escalate the cost of violating the law , " he said . The United States also could help more , he said . "  There are 7,600 gun shops within 50 miles of the Mexican border , and they 're selling primarily to drug lords , " Pastor said . "  We are part of this problem and we have n't been significantly supportive . " And while the war may never be completely won , the government can make vast gains , as happened in Colombia , he said . Pastor was in Mexico giving a speech last week when Colombian President Alvaro Uribe met with Mexico 's Calderon . Mexicans were quite taken with Uribe 's message on how to fight drug traffickers , Pastor said . The first step that Uribe took , he said , was to take the fight to the paramilitary forces , the drug traffickers and the leftist guerrillas known as FARC , who often work in collaboration with the traffickers . Also , Pastor said , Colombian officials "  used money the same way that the narcotraffickers do -- to bribe people . And there 's a lot more security on the streets and everywhere else , so people feel safer . " Despite the gains , he said , the ultimate answer may have to come from the political arena , not from law enforcement . "  There 's no easy solution to it unless you put an end to the criminalization drugs , and that 's not going to happen , " Pastor said . CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	NEW : Interpol sending team to Mexico to check if sensitive info compromised Ricardo Gutierrez Vargas detained under Mexico 's "  Operation Cleanup " Gutierrez Vargas is head of Interpol operation in Mexico Previous "  Cleanup " arrests have involved charges of selling info to drug cartels
CNN  -- Former Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf defended Pakistan 's role in the fight against terrorism amid criticisms that it falls short on that front . "  Pakistan has always been accused of not doing enough . But I totally disagree with this statement . Pakistan is doing enough , " Musharraf said in an interview that aired Sunday on ABC 's "  This Week . " A private White House report to Congress , obtained by CNN last week , used unusually tough language to suggest the ally is not doing nearly enough to confront the Taliban and al Qaeda . The blunt language contradicted public comments by the Obama administration that Pakistan is working hard to crack down on militants . The report notes that from March to June , the Pakistani military "  continued to avoid military engagements that would put it in direct conflict with Afghan Taliban or -LSB- al Qaeda -RSB- forces in North Waziristan . This is as much a political choice as it is a reflection of an under-resourced military prioritizing its targets . " Musharraf said that if critics want to point out deficiencies in North Waziristan , they should limit their comments to just that region . "  But do n't generalize the statement that the army is not doing enough . They 've suffered over 2,000 casualties . What do you mean by not doing enough ? " he said . Pakistan has its problems , he said , but should not be blamed for its effort . "  We must understand the problems , but what hurts Pakistan and every leader in Pakistan is when they are blamed . Everyone in the world starts blaming them , while we are suffering casualties , we are suffering hundreds of people dying from bomb blasts and suicide bombs , and yet we are the rogues , " Musharraf said . Musharraf has been in self-imposed exile in London since he left office in 2008 . But he said he wants to return for a presidential run in 2013 , because he sees suffering in Pakistan and does n't see a political party offering a solution .	The Pakistani military is "  doing enough " to fight terrorism , Musharraf says Musharraf was president until 2008 He intends on running again in 2013
New York  CNN  -- A New York nanny who allegedly stabbed to death two children in her care has been ruled emotionally fit to stand trial , prosecutors said on Friday . Yoselyn Ortega , 50 , was indicted on first - and second-degree murder charges in the deaths last October of Lucia Krim , 6 , and her brother Leo , 2 , court documents showed . They were found by their mother fatally stabbed in the bathroom of their Upper West Side apartment . Ortega has pleaded not guilty . Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Gregory Carro said at a hearing on Friday that two psychiatrists had interviewed Ortega and determined she was capable of participating in her defense , according to a spokesman for the Manhattan District Attorney 's office . Ortega 's attorney , Valerie Van Leer-Greenberg , plans to contest the findings , the spokesman said . Calls to Leer-Greenberg were not immediately returned to CNN . Ortega appeared at the proceeding but did not speak . A Spanish interpreter was provided for her . A native of the Dominican Republic , Ortega has been a naturalized U.S. citizen for 10 years . Ortega is expected to appear in court again on May 6 . She faces up to life in prison if convicted . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Yoselyn Ortega was charged with stabbing to death two children in her care Slain siblings were found by their mother in the bathroom of their apartment Prosecutors : Judge said two psychiatrists found Ortega can participate in her defense Ortega was indicted on murder charges last November and has pleaded not guilty
CNN  -- A cousin of Reeva Steenkamp , who was shot dead by South African athlete Oscar Pistorius , said Thursday that he should "  pay for what he has done " with a prison sentence , as she testified at his sentencing hearing . Kim Martin , the first witness called by state Prosecutor Gerrie Nel , also dismissed suggestions that the double amputee should serve a sentence of house arrest or community service , saying that would not "  fit the crime . " "  This is not easy for me . I really believe the accused , Mr. Pistorius , needs to pay for what he has done , " she said , sounding choked with emotion . "  My family are not people who are seeking revenge . We just feel that to take someone 's life , to shoot somebody behind a door that is unarmed , that is harmless , needs sufficient punishment . " Martin , testifying for a second day , told the court that initially , she was worried about prison conditions for Pistorius , but when she realized that he 'd be treated humanely , she felt he should receive jail time . "  Everybody has suffered here , and I think we need to give a message to society that you can not do this and get away with it , " she said . Pistorius ' sentence -- custodial or not -- will be decided by Judge Thokozile Masipa , who also presided over his trial . The Olympian was cleared of murder last month but found guilty of culpable homicide , or negligently killing Steenkamp , when he fired four shots through a toilet door in his home . He said he believed there was an intruder behind the door . ` It 's ruined our whole family ' Martin said she was "  very fearful of the accused " and had tried to put him out of her mind . "  We even made a point of not mentioning his name in our house because I did n't want to spend any energy thinking about him , " she said . Defense attorney Barry Roux asked Thursday if Martin was aware that Pistorius had written letters to Steenkamp 's family but under advice from his lawyers had n't given them to the family . He said that Pistorius wants privately to apologize to the family . Martin is the only member of Reeva Steenkamp 's family to have testified before the court , though the model 's parents , Barry and June Steenkamp , have been present for proceedings . On Wednesday , Martin said that the health of Reeva 's father , Barry Steenkamp , has suffered as a result of his daughter 's death and that he had a couple of strokes . "  It 's ruined our whole family . It 's ruined Barry and June . Reeva was everything to them , " she said . Prisons chief : We can accommodate Pistorius Acting National Commissioner of Correctional Services Zach Modise told the court Thursday that the system would be able to meet Pistorius ' needs as a disabled prisoner . Modise said that South Africa 's prisons are used to taking in all kinds of prisoners , including juveniles and the elderly , and that there are facilities to deal with every kind of inmate . The prison system deals with 128 disabled inmates on a daily basis , he said When an inmate enters the system , a health assessment is swiftly done to determine whether a prisoner needs a single cell , he said . He insisted that if Pistorius were given a prison term , the hospital section of Kgosi Mampuru prison in Pretoria had the facilities to accommodate his needs . "  There should be no doubt in the minds of South Africans that Mr. Pistorius and any other inmate with disabilities will be accommodated properly , " he said . Overcrowding is an issue across the prison system , he acknowledged , but has been reduced from a rate of 63 % in 2005 to 31 % today . Asked about the problems of gangs and violence in prisons , Modise said that more needs to be done to eradicate gangs outside the prison system and that within the system , authorities are dealing with the issue . Roux , in questioning Modise , made the point that whether Pistorius was given a single cell in the hospital section of Kgosi Mampuru would depend on those evaluating his case when he entered prison . However , Modise 's testimony indicates that he does not think Pistorius should be held in the general section of the prison , Roux said . He also raised concerns about what illnesses Pistorius could be exposed to in the hospital section -- tuberculosis is a problem in South African prisons -- and the levels of medical staffing . Probation officer Annette Vergeer , who testified earlier in the week , said she did not think that South Africa 's prison system could cater adequately to a vulnerable prisoner like Pistorius . No minimum sentence There is no legal minimum sentence for culpable homicide in South African law , so it will be up to the judge to decide . A typical sentence is five to eight years . But it is a principle of South African law that the sentence should be tailored to the culprit as a whole person , as opposed to the crime . That makes predicting a sentence difficult , said Kelly Phelps , a CNN legal analyst . The judge also found Pistorius guilty of one weapons-related charge involving a shooting at a restaurant . The maximum penalty for that is five years behind bars . But he could get a lesser sentence , such as a fine or the loss of his gun license .	Oscar Pistorius should "  pay for what he has done , " says Reeva Steenkamp 's cousin Steenkamp family is not seeking revenge , she says , but believes punishment should fit the crime Head of Correctional Services says prison system can handle disabled prisoners Pistorius ' sentence will be decided by Judge Thokozile Masipa at the end of the hearing
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The death toll from the South Korean ferry capsizing has gone up to 275 , with dozens more still missing , the nation 's officials said Saturday . "  The two additional male bodies were retrieved overnight , " the Government Rescue Headquarters said . It said 29 people are listed as missing . Most of the dead and missing are students , all from the same high school , who were taking the ferry to the resort island of Jeju for a field trip . It capsized on April 16 . Divers are still searching the submerged vessel for the missing people , braving frigid waters , strong currents and corridors clogged with debris . Last week , one of the divers died while working to recover bodies . South Korean authorities cracked down on the company that operated the Sewol passenger ferry following the disaster that shocked the nation . The chief executive of ferry operator , Cheonghaejin Marine Co. , was arrested Thursday and is facing charges including causing death by negligence , said Yang Joong-jin , a senior prosecutor in the investigation . The government is also taking steps to revoke the company 's business licenses , the the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries said . The planned measures are aimed at taking away the licenses of the company for all its routes , including the one on which the Sewol passenger ferry sank . The stunning loss of life has shaken South Korea , raising troubling questions about safety standards and government oversight of businesses . President Park Geun-hye has apologized over the government 's handling of the disaster and pledged to overhaul safety systems .	Most of the dead and missing are students The students were on a trip to the resort island of Jeju Divers are still searching the submerged vessel for the missing people
CNN  Many Christians will mark the resurrection of Jesus Christ on Easter by donning their Sunday best , attending church and going on egg hunts . But what 's the history of the holiday ? And how much will we actually spend on those yummy chocolate rabbits ? Below are some interesting facts about Easter : About three in four -- Americans who identify themselves as Christian , as reported by Gallup in December 2014 . 50.8 -- Percent of Americans who plan to attend church on Easter Sunday this year . April 3 , 33 A.D. -- Possible date of Jesus ' crucifixion , according to the Bible and earthquake research reported in the International Geology Review in 2012 . 165 lbs -- Weight of Jesus 's cross , as determined by French architect Charles Rohault de Fleury in 1870 . $ 16.4 billion -- Estimated number of dollars to be spent in the U.S. on Easter in 2015 , according to the National Retail Federation . $ 140.62 -- Estimated amount that will be spent this year by each American celebrating Easter . 13th century -- About the time people are first thought to have decorated eggs for Easter . 1700s -- Era in which German immigrants bring stories about "  Osterhase , " an early Easter Bunny , to the United States . 1773 -- Year the first Easter "  sunrise service " was held in the U.S. . It was organized by members of the Moravian Church in Winston-Salem , North Carolina . 180 million -- Number of eggs Americans are "  eggs-pected " to purchase for dyeing and decorating this year . 35,000 -- Estimated number of attendees expected at the 137th White House Easter Egg Roll , scheduled to be held the day after Easter , on April 6 . 6 -- Number of minutes it takes the Just Born Candy Co. to make a Peeps Marshmallow Chick . $ 18,480 million -- Net sales of Mars Inc in 2014 -- the largest candy company in the world , and home of candy brands like M&M 's and Snickers . 32 -- Percent of chocolate lovers in the U.S. who buy extra chocolate for themselves around Easter , according to Mintel . 57 -- Percent of Huffington Post readers who voted in 2013 for licorice as the worst flavor of Jelly Belly jelly beans . 89 -- Percent of chocolate bunny eaters who go for the ears first , according to a 2014 survey by the National Confectioners Association . Sources : Gallup Politics , PR Newswire , Dead Sea Quake.info , National Retail Federation , The History Channel , ProFlowers , Paas , The White House , JustBorn , Candy Industry and the National Confectioners Association	About half the country plans to attend an Easter Sunday service It takes 6 minutes to make a Peeps Marshmallow Chick The popular way to eat a chocolate bunny is ears first
CNN  -- Here 's a seriously depressing question : If a polar bear no longer has ice to stand on and must have his "  bear kibble "  that 's a real term ; more on it soon  airlifted to the Arctic by helicopter , is he still a polar bear ? Or is he some sort of zoo-like experiment -- a sad but perhaps unavoidable consequence of an era of melting ice and warming climates ? I posed a less-wordy version of that question to Andrew Derocher , a biologist and polar bear expert at the University of Alberta . He recently published a paper outlining several emergency actions that likely will have to be taken soon to save the Arctic bears . Among Derocher 's scenarios is using helicopters to airdrop food on polar bears as their icy habitat continues to melt -- at a cost of $ 32,000 per day for the "  most accessible " bears .  The hope is that such interventions would last days per year , not months  . "  It 's a lot better to have some animals in the wild even if they are being supplemented in their food . If we were basically the sole food source for these animals , then we 're going to have some very serious issues . Then it wo n't really be a polar bear anymore , " Derocher said on the phone . "  It will be a semi-wild , semi-captive , free-ranging carnivore . And it probably would n't do that well even if the ice started to come back " since the bear would become so dependent on the airlifted food that he may forget how to hunt . Sigh  . It 's really come to this . Derocher 's paper , which appeared in the journal Conservation Letters , has been getting lots of attention because it outlines several last-ditch ideas for saving the polar bears , including feeding them bear chow , which , as one commercial website describes it , contains "  ground corn , porcine meat meal , fish meal  menhaden  , dehulled soybean meal , corn gluten meal , ground soybean hulls , porcine animal fat preserved with BHA , dried beet pulp , soybean oil , taurine , salt " and a bunch of stuff I ca n't pronounce . It 's packaged sort of like cat food . His other ideas : Moving the bears northward , where the ice is less likely to melt ; euthanizing some of the bears , which he writes "  may be the most humane option for individual bears in very poor condition that are unlikely to survive " ; and moving some of the polar bears to zoos . None of those options is easy to stomach -- and not just because of the "  porcine meat meal . " Derocher knows that . He does n't want to have to feed the polar bears , much less euthanize them . After 30 years of researching the Arctic bears , he 's just being realistic . As the planet warms , thanks to our gas-guzzling cars and power-producing factories , the polar bear 's frozen habitat is disappearing . Arctic sea ice has been declining at a rate of 13 % per decade since 1979 , according to the National Snow and Ice Data Center . Many scientists expect summer sea ice to disappear in a matter of decades . Polar bears live and hunt from sea ice . If it 's gone , they ca n't catch seals , which tend to stay far from land . And if the bears ca n't catch seals , they ca n't survive . There 's no other way around it . Unless , maybe , you airdrop some food on them . But even then , something of the bear 's essence is lost . "  It 's ridiculous , human beings feeding polar bears . Polar bears are wild animals , " James Eetoolook , vice president of an Inuit group in Canada 's Nunavut told The Canadian Press . "  They 're predators . They 're hunters . Let them be . " "  I would n't say I 'm ` against ' it , just skeptical about how much good it will do to them , " one commenter wrote on my Google + page when I asked about the subject . "  I 'm afraid that in our haste to do good we might do more harm in the long run . " It 's easy to have a whiplash reaction : Do n't feed the polar bears . It 's very Yogi , as Derocher put it . But such plans , while tragic , may be unavoidable at this point . The fact that such an idea is even up for consideration should be a major wake-up call -- a reminder that climate change is real and happening now . While some of its effects are inevitable  some polar bear habitat absolutely will be lost , Derocher said  , there are longer-term solutions that could help save some of the polar-bear-ness of the polar bear . Or at the very least , Derocher said , they 're ideas that could save them from extinction . The solutions are all things you 've heard before : cut carbon dioxide emissions , use less power , walk do n't drive , live more efficiently . It 's not rocket science  or , as one Twitter user recently suggested as a replacement for that phrase , "  it 's not corporate income-tax law "  , but it will take a huge amount of political will in the United States and elsewhere to make substantive changes . That seems to exist . In his State of the Union address , President Barack Obama called for action on climate change "  for the sake of our children and our future . " Some 35,000 people gathered in Washington last weekend to make similar points . Organizers said it was the largest demonstration of its kind in the United States . Meanwhile , none of the five countries with polar bears -- the United States , Norway , Russia , Canada or Greenland -- has a plan for responding to polar bear emergencies "  caused by nutritional stress , " the scientists write in the recent paper , which is titled "  Rapid ecosystem change and polar bear conservation . " When we act and how may determine how quickly the species disappears . Current projections do n't look good . Researchers from the U.S. Geological Survey have estimated that two-thirds of polar bears will be gone by 2050 . For the Arctic ice melt to make sense , all you have to do is watch this YouTube video , from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , which shows the puny extent of sea ice in 2012 compared with the historical average . With all that as the backdrop , feeding polar bears does n't sound so crazy , however sad and potentially irreversible it may be . And such programs do exist for other species , Derocher said , including California condors , black bears in Washington state and brown bears in Eastern Europe . "  We 're at the point where we 're going to be implementing some of these scenarios in some parts of the Arctic , " he said , "  without doubt . "  Bears just are n't as fat as they used to be , " he said , which makes them less able to live through low-sea-ice years . "  It 's very clear when you look at the data and when you just look at the animals . A lot of them just do n't have that much gas left in their tank . " I asked Derocher what drives him . He said he 's not a sentimental person -- he does n't get attached to an individual polar bear the way he does to his golden retriever . But when you 're in the Arctic and you see how much the bears are struggling , it 's hard not to care about them as a group -- to want to do something to preserve their wild power . "  I 'm still optimistic that humans will decide to deal with greenhouse gases in a realistic fashion , " he said . To illustrate why that 's important , he pointed me to an online video that shows the death of a young polar bear cub . It 's linked here but , as a Mother Jones writer put it , "  Be forewarned : this is graphic and ghastly . " I would n't watch it unless you absolutely feel the need to do so . What 's more important is Derocher 's reaction . For him , the video echoed his experiences in the Arctic , surveying bears that are struggling because of sea ice melt . "  When you watch that , " he said , "  you have to , I think , be pretty hardhearted to think that maybe humans are n't treading a little too heavily on this planet . " Editor 's note : Join John Sutter for a live video chat about how to save the polar bears on Spreecast on Thursday at 1:30 p.m. ET . Click "  RSVP " to get a reminder about the chat . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	New paper makes emergency recommendations for polar bears Among them : airdrop food on the bears , move them north Polar bears are threatened by sea ice melt and climate change John D. Sutter : The proposals are depressing but necessary
CNN  -- A class action lawsuit that accused ABC and the firms that produce the dating shows "  The Bachelor " and "  The Bachelorette " of intentionally excluding people of color from lead roles has been dismissed . U.S. District Judge Aleta Trauger ruled Monday that Nathaniel Claybrooks ' and Christopher Johnson 's efforts were "  laudable , " but that casting decisions by the network and series ' producers are protected by the First Amendment . "  The First Amendment prevents the plaintiffs from effectuating these goals by forcing the defendants to employ race-neutral criteria in their casting decisions in order to ` showcase ' a more progressive message , " the ruling said . The suit was brought by the two Nashville residents , who are African-American , after they applied to be on "  The Bachelor " in 2011 . Johnson alleged in the complaint that when he went to a casting call for the show , he was denied the typical application process . He said his application materials were taken by an employee of the defendants named in the suit ; the same was n't done for other apparent non-black applicants he saw . Are dating shows behind the curve when it comes to inclusion ? Claybrooks alleges that at his casting call for the show he was interviewed for less time than white applicants , rushed through the process , and therefore not given the same opportunity as the white applicants . The complaint also alleges that few people of color are chosen to compete for the affection of the "  Bachelor " or "  Bachelorette , " and when there are , they tend to be eliminated early . ABC declined to comment on the suit , while another defendant , Warner Horizon Television , called the complaint "  baseless and without merit " in a statement to CNN . The production company says it has had "  various participants of color throughout the series ' history , and the producers have been consistently -- and publicly -- vocal about seeking diverse candidates for both programs . As always , we continue to seek out participants of color for both ` The Bachelor ' and ` The Bachelorette . ' " Catch up with TV show recaps What 's new this fall Celebrity buzz	A judge rules casting decisions by the network and series producers are protected The suit was brought by two Nashville residents after they applied to be on "  The Bachelor " The complaint alleges that few people of color are chosen to compete
